  i find it funny that some people who decry greed get hung up on inequality in the same manner . 
  i 'd rather live in a less equal country with a ` bad ' gini than a hell hole with a ` good ' gini . 
  how will capping wages help those who are the poorest in society ? 
  do you think the former leader of the national union of miners might have some slight bias towards coal ? 
  ah , i 'll leave that one to the geologists !, 
  any resource extraction will have externalities , the problem with fracking is so much of the ` anti ' movement is so obviously false it drowns out the actual information . 
  we kind of left them a poisoned chalice . 
  a major hub international airport , a trade centre , this powerful economy with such money corruption triumphus the beijing wishes . 
  is it ? 
  most people prefer gas to coal , hence why didcot a shut , but b remains . 
  by environmentalists , yes , yes they are . 
  we have also been closing down our coal generation because of this , most plants in the uk opted out you can see the list [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/large_combustion_plant_directive ), 
  but what about the lovely pissed up british tourists ? 
  i fear we 're responsible for a disproportionate amount of crime too . 
  i think they do a good enough job , even til works in context ( it 's new to those that did n't upvote it , even if to you or i that shows an absence of basic schooling ) . 
  now when it comes to taste , then yes we see things that are a little bit bland , not offense to anyone , things that are palatable to all , even if not anyones favourite coming out on top . 
  coldplay for instance . 
  i do n't think that a lot of the deleted linked broke 1.1 a video of someone complaining that the displaced people have negatively impacted her life is in anyway breaking 1.1 . 
  if the poster is genuinely racist , then frankly just let them have enough rope and they tend to hang themselves . 
  what becomes a problem is when you get a little community that does not take to any view that is n't part of the hive mind , they drive away anyone who is in any way divergent from them . 
  a good example of this would be / r/unitedkingdom , try being over 25 and at all small government there . 
  the posts fall into a narrative that the community want . 
  the mods ban duplicate content ? 
  i swear i 've seen things tagged as repost and the like . 
  yeah , i 'm not saying to not filter those things that are not applicable . 
  i 'm suggesting we * gasp * allow the community to filter duplicate content , works well enough on most subreddits i 'm subscribed too . 
  most subreddits just rely on the users to downvote duplicate content . 
   using the army should be the last resort . 
  you never want to use the regular army as a police force . 
  they are not trained to be that . 
  the uk demonstrated that in northern ireland . 
  i also doubt that the army has the equipment required for them to control a large population without lethal force . 
  most people who voted labour back then did n't expect the guy to be a warmonger . 
  myself i still think he was something worse an idealist , drunk on his * success * of intervention in east europe and africa . 
  however , the fact remains being out the schengen area has probably been a good idea for us . 
  ah no one really follows that in the uk anymore . 
  now [ pancake day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shrove_tuesday ) even the more militant athiests take that one seriously . 
  i always think of the us phrase , riches to rags in 3 generations . 
  once the oil runs out , if certain key royal families keep up their growth rate there is going to be less and less to be distributed , this will not bode well . 
  combined with the fact that many of these are spoilt rich children with no clue of the real world ( granted the sample i meet in london is a very poor , biased sample ) i think the us style 3 generations thing might hold true . 
  once the oil runs out ... 
  what is this ? 
  sounds horrific ... 
  only because they 've never been to a self service eatery in milan . 
  sure queueing is ingrained me , but to have a bunch of smaller italians elbow me out of the way . 
  god damn it italians . 
  two people separated by a common language . 
  in the uk at least it 's normally people who are ` creatively liberal left ' who like to hate on the usa . 
  it 's easy to complain about their foreign policy fuck ups , because we forget our own etc. 
  i always love how they did that auto trader sale , hypocritical little shits . 
  the us tax system is quite complicated by comparison because of state and federal no ? 
  but i do n't think for either country taxation is really an issue , i think they are close to the tipping laffer point , for want of a phrase , for me , that was the 50 % rate . 
  seriously fuck working 75 hour weeks , the upside was n't worth it , so i reduced my hours a lot for a better work life balance . 
  i do n't think i 'm unusual in that . 
  the importance of the banking system , just look at something like the pmi of greek after that * democratic * vote . 
  when it comes to investment finance there is often a lot of * what have the romans ever done for us * in it . 
  i could ask how you could run an airline without fuel futures , without currency exchange services and the like . 
  the response would be that those are obviously needed . 
  for me the concern is about to big to fail responsibilities , not that we 've a large finance sector , if i had a good solution for ensuring that we do n't end up with highly correlated distributed entities that together were resilient to shock ? 
  i 'd be wearing my nobel prize right now on the deck of my yacht . 
  so i do n't get upset about it . 
  instead i focus more on understanding these issues and what the next will be as mifid ii really gets implemented . 
  gotcha , i was thinking that you were coming from the 00s support . 
  i do n't know why people think * bailing out * the banks was a new phenomena , working in the hedge fund industry for a few years before the credit crunch i certainly had seen many bailout actions beforehand . 
  the fed was cutting rates every time the stock market took a tumble . 
  this policy worked well for a while , and had good repercussions globally , as the graph i linked shows unemployment in many places was an all time low in ' 05 . 
  critics such as stiglitz pointed out that there was a belief in the fed always being there , so when the crisis started and bs and lb tumbled it was such as shock . 
  i considered the fed cutting rates to be a form of a bailout . 
  hence your comment about trickle down , because the problem is those deep in the school of supply side theory will point to this period of time , the post dot com bubble , as a great success , the feds rates bailout helped the * average joe * . 
  i personally would have benefited from the banks not being bailed out in the short term , but i think almost everyone would have suffered greatly long term had they been allowed to fail . 
  the least worst option . 
  from that bit , the ` trickle down ' that was offered was all we were going to get from that action , if you wanted to additionally do some keynesian action that is another matter , i do n't think the bailouts were avoidable and many people felt that debt level meant keynesian spending was off the menu . 
  so i kind of think that we had no choice about the bailout , it 's the least worst available option . 
  that leaves that kind of supply side trickle down as all we are going to get . 
  maybe i 'm too fatalistic . 
  i thought we were talking about it in the reagan sense ? 
  an element of supply side economic increases due to increased capital liquidity . 
  my point about the ` trickle down ' bit being used to refer to the lower socioeconomic elements is it 's a kind of * this is all we are willing to give you * . 
   i was actually referring to the bank bailouts the us and uk gave out . 
  oh i thought you where talking about the ` boom ' in 2004-2007 period . 
  this some people suggest was a result of the monetary policy creating an excess of liquidity , thus with it ` trickling ' down . 
   that , and the whole trickle-down theory the us keeps pushing . 
  i fear you 've heard it framed wrong . 
  when i was a kid and i wanted a sweetie , i might be allowed two or three at most . 
  that is what i got . 
  it did n't matter how many where in the jar . 
  when things where tough i got none , again , this is what i got , i had no say in the matter . 
  it 's basically that , the trickle is all you are going to be given , like it or lump it . 
  you can try and rebel against the stronger ( richer ) elements but it 's probably not going to work out in your interest unless the trickle is so small anything is better . 
  people are not going to voluntarily give something up to some unknown person with whom they 've no emotional connection , it 's not in our nature . 
  if it was you would see all these people who are in the top 10 % globally doing so , instead they are preoccupied that the top 0.1 % is n't giving them enough . 
  the trickledown effect is a kind of unintentional benevolence , because it 's not built on a charitable endeavour at all , look at the rise of china , built on horrific manufacturing conditions that are still better than the alternative for those poor soles , that 's the trickle in action . 
  i did n't buy an mobile phone so some worker in shenzhen could have some quantum of better quality of life . 
  i wanted a phone !, 
  the externality of my selfish goal was this trickle down . 
  are you referring to the greenspan puts and the surplus liquidity ? 
  in 2004 it was often over 9 % . 
  it 's [ pretty volatile ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/unemployment-rate ) . 
  i had a massive row with a lecturer of mine ( uk uni ) , i even involved the school director for my year . 
  he had arbitrarily deducted 5 % for spelling and grammar on a maths assignment despite the dyslexia sticker at the front saying not to do so .
