  yes this is a very sad story :(, 
  the whole point is that left unchecked the strong will dominate and monopolise everything . 
  why do people try to make out that capitalism is unfettered anarchy ? 
  yes i 've found myself watching them late at night when i should be sleeping , there is something soothing about the combination of visual stimulus that 's almost , but not quite random , with the soothing voice and brian eno soundtrack . 
  the parody is absolutely spot on . 
  i kind of think we need to have a bot that [ posts this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1bx3f7utrg ) after any adam curtis vid . 
  it 's more i do n't think they would feel to connected about it , much the way some nut job with a knife in snaresbrook did n't garner any real thought a week later . 
  sorry it 's not an enus , it 's an [ eruv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eruv ) , i 'm not jewish so this stuff is kind of very odd to me . 
  my understanding is it 's a loophole in their religious rules , that some fishing wire strung on poles makes a wall . 
  so they can wonder around that area on the sabbath . 
  as i 'm writing this , i ca n't help but feel it sounds like an elaborate hoax , but seriously it 's real . 
  it would be trivial for someone to desecrate this on a daily basis . 
  maybe , but i would n't have thought the tube station would be the attack in that case . 
  attacking the enus that goes to finchley would be a simpler divisive attack . 
  i think the problem is that many londoners would be `` where ? '' . 
  if they did the next stop down hampstead , which people assume to be as lovely as the heath . 
  that would garner a kind of shock . 
  i mean , be honest if they did in brent cross tube station most people would be thinking * hmm , that 's a good start * . 
  golders green is so boring no one would bomb it . 
  it 's also simply political . 
  if no one in wales votes for them , even if they did something * nice * such as increasing their funding , then why would they bother ? 
  that same money can be used in some marginal constituency where they want to hold on to a narrow victory . 
  yeah , the reason ed failed was because he was n't left wing enough , obviously !, 
  hence why a more right wing person won . 
   i blame the idiotic members they do n't understand democracy when it comes to such things . 
  the idea is n't to choose the candidate they like the most , but the candidate who can win , who everyone will like the most including non party members . 
  it 's a kind of egotistical behaviour , they simply ca n't accept that not everyone has the same views as them . 
   done the same to a man who has a history of punching people if it was hearsay it 's different to a criminal record . 
  but at the end of the day it 's context . 
  if someone has say brought stress on my marriage by publicising a rumour that i 've been unfaithful , printing it in major newspaper so my children hear this , so they get bullied at school ... that is going to make it rather easy , combined with alcohol , for a comment to result in a fight . 
  people are n't perfect . 
  what matters is understanding if that person is likely to do it again . 
  in the case of jc obviously i do n't have the facts , but for the person who punched me it was not likely to be a long term problem . 
   controversies and several warnings earlier from upper management ? 
  this is the thing , controversies ? 
  have you seen some of them ? 
  mumbling , not even saying the 'n word ' in a rhyme that i was still taught as the nword in the 80s . 
  i mean what on earth ? 
  this is someone having a witch hunt , people will curse and swear between takes , it 's stressful , the mumbling was n't even broadcast . 
  i ca n't fathom the type of person who thinks that 's a controversy . 
  they must be a fucking veritable paragon of virtue , i bet they think they are and in reality they are a bully . 
  a lot of people simply do n't like the person and do n't want to admit it 's simply that . 
  i do n't think people should be judged so harshly , but i 've worked in a 75 hour a week very high stress environment myself so maybe that 's why i know everyone has cracks . 
  the bbc management had no choice but to fire him , they 'd been idiots saying `` final warning '' because frankly you 've got no choice the day you 've said that . 
  you suggest that at 50s you should have picked up all the wisdom you need ? 
  bollocks . 
  life has a habit of making things stressful for you the older you get the more stress you can expose yourself too . 
  i used to freak out at uni because i had a big assignment due , that would n't even register on my stress now . 
  as i do more ` senior ' roles , my problems increase in ways i 'd never imagined , * bad things come in 3s * as the proverb says , but i 'd argue it 's poisson distributed . 
  ** tldr : ** i 'm not perfect , i 'd not expect everyone else to be . 
  understand the context and the motive then you can decide if there will be future issues . 
  it 's not about that , it 's about what is the motivator for crime . 
  in this case you 've someone who is stressed waiting on some cancer test , someone who let 's be honest lives the lifestyle that increases risk . 
  apparently the filming had overrun by a few days too . 
  you are away from home , and this person has one simple job , and they fail even that . 
  it will make someone angry . 
  it 's unacceptable to resort to violence , but the response really should be anger management and the organisation doing what they can to reduce the stress put on certain people . 
  i was sucker punched in the nose by an employee of a firm i was consulting for . 
  i 'd been brought in to help fix a project that was failing , i was twenty years this guy 's junior and earning more than him , deciding his fate almost . 
  did we fire him ? 
  i mean it is gross miss conduct . 
  no , because this was a big investment bank , i also knew his marriage was failing and the punch was n't about me at all . 
  his life was falling apart . 
  instead he attended voluntary anger management and counselling , we also removed a lot of the items that were causing him stress . 
  he was n't even demoted . 
  if ever i snap , if things get too much for me and i lash out at the world , i hope someone treats me how i and that company treated that guy . 
  that 's the world i want to live in . 
  was it the same muppets that used a picture of the polish spitfire squadron ( which as an aside proved quite formidable ) in their anti eastern european immigration campaign ? 
  i know the bnp did , and i think the edl did too ... muppets . 
  as someone who knows nothing about the country , can you elaborate on how consolidating his power domestically in turkey will affect eu negotiation ? 
  unless it allows him to compromise on more points ... 
  the comparison is poor , because it will be affected by someone 's local interpretation . 
  ask someone in cornwall , they might say 1 % because they do n't really see any . 
  ask someone in tower hamlets ... . 
  these kind of * hahahaha are n't the public stupid * things are a bit daft really . 
  i 'd have no idea without looking up some data , so put on the spot i 'd have probably guessed 10 % , because it 's the smallest ` chunk ' i estimate in . 
  i know , i should have just planned to go straight to belgium , my bad , i was being silly because the previous time i 'd set foot in france , it was the south part , so was alright !, 
  i somehow typed college rather than colleague . 
  hopefully it makes more sense now . 
  pfft ca n't be , they have customer service in belgium , despite it bordering northern france . 
  it 's how i can always tell where i am . 
  last time i booked a crappy roadside motel in france , check-in closed at 10pm . 
  no mention of this on booking.com , or the email , or the hotels website ... 
  i know , that 's why i 'm imaging the two guys in the same office , one dicking over the other as almost a * you wo n't believe what i got these idiots to do * smirk . 
  sadly with my experience of sales guys fucking over the greater company for a minor improvement in their account is an all to common idea . 
  i think they were charged with polluting the gutter system , you ca n't pour waste liquids down them , that 's not what they are for . 
  the really funny bit was renaming french fries , i mean the poor belgians probably thought they might just get the recognition they were due . 
  wait , what ?!, 
  was this plan hatched by the marketing exec in charge of sprite or something , maybe just to mess with his colleague who was in charge of cola ? 
   but really have nothing to do with structural concerns about migration exactly , they 'd be let in on a two week visa anyway . 
  drunken british tourists are not the result of free movement , our chavs have been terrorising the costa del sol for decades . 
  i was chatting with my father last night , he is a retired british army officer , he was in artillery stationed in west germany most of his professional life . 
  he is going to vote remain , but is also torn , he does n't believe that the optimists of the world view free movement with any acknowledgement of the downsides . 
  before he retired he was saying how much intel they had on the shipment of weapons , they had attempts to estimate the shipments they did n't know about . 
  at the time this was largely ira but obviously the fears are equally transferable . 
   muslamic ray guns listen again , think `` muslamic rape gangs '' . 
  i have certain learning disabilities , but i am able to speak immaculate rp , i do n't mock those who are n't able to . 
  i 've not understood why so many people mock someone who is clearly not articulate , when he is complaining about rape gangs , targeting 15 year olds , which , erm , they did . 
  sure he might be incoherent , but let 's not ignore everything he says . 
  i 'd treat it with a pinch of salt , i 've got two cars with similar engine , ones auto , ones manual .
