  not enough mosquitos ... 
  there is a social aspect with that , and it 's the parents . 
  i used to run an after school club in one school , funded via dfsed , we were looking to try doing the same in another local school . 
  i was speaking to one of the teachers , her bluntness crushed my then young naive optimism . 
  * you think any child whose parents love them would let them come to **** this *** * school ? 
  * not every child is born with parents that will help their education , i learned to read from my parents teaching me , not school , i learned my numbers and simple maths from my grandfather . 
  compare my performance in school to someone whose parents might have left them watching cartoons on a good day . 
  a lot of the grade divide in different schools starts from there . 
  i appreciate you are saying that you are simply apathetic towards the idea , i 'm saying it 's up to us , the ` workers ' to be al least more than ambivalent and make the most of our situation . 
  society is a long way from being some utopian culture as described by iain banks , ultimately it 's how you approach something that will be the limiting factor in the enjoyment you get out of it . 
  a government ca n't simply engineer job happiness for everyone . 
  so i was n't trying to take you as an example but more to illustrate that society does n't owe anyone happiness , it 's up to the individual to make their own happy lot in it . 
  i 've been lucky enough to have met many people in different cultures at vastly different levels of socioeconomic status , there are many emotional traits that are constant throughout , from someone earning < # 5 a day in vietnam doing a manual type task to someone earning # 5000 + a day in london doing purely mental work . 
  one of my guys works only 25 hours a week as a front end architect . 
  being blunt you 're giving me a vibe that you 've an interpretation of reality , one that is n't very happy . 
  so you 've been introspective and decided that you ca n't enjoy work , you 've identified it as a problem but just going to let it become a source of pain for you ? 
  cognitive behavioural therapy is a useful tool for people to be introspective and change certain mindsets or reactions , such as swiftly reconciling depressing thoughts so avoiding falling into spirals of depression . 
  the same techniques can be used to change your thinking towards something if you are feeling a pressure of obligation that is creating an anxiety . 
  if your mind is n't in the right place even something like sex can become an arduous task devoid of pleasure just an obligation . 
  it 's sort of like my cycle home tonight , i 'm going to hate going on this gradient bit , the air quality is shite and i feel like i 'm sucking off the number 43 bus swallowing it 's fumes . 
  but it makes the parts either side of that sparkle . 
  i enjoy my cycle even if there is a 5-10min part which i strongly dislike . 
  today at work i was biting my tounge with one of my employees wondering why the fuck i hired him , but that was just for a quarter hour or so , i sometimes get an emotional response when someone ca n't see * how obvious this is * or similar , but i do enjoy parts of it , even if there are other parts that i despise . 
  everything in life tends to be like that , from relationships with people to a glass of wine , good things and bad things . 
  the balance is ensuring the bad things do n't impact you too negatively , and you are able to really grasp and throw yourself into the good things . 
  often the bad things impact you for free , but the good things , they require effort and often prior experience too . 
   completing tasks for remuneration so you can survive is not enjoyable . 
  for you ... dare i say for now ? 
  i can understand the apathetic nature towards such things , but i 've found i change , i 'll go through phases , finding something fun engaging or relaxing only to change my mind a few weeks or months later finding the same thing arduous . 
  there are tasks we do which have an origin in just being for survival , let 's take food , we need it to live . 
  but we also have an artform , one that is a passion for many , and why i need to lose about 7 % of my weight right now lol . 
  we 're strange bags of emotion in this , i find i need both repetition and change . 
  i honestly do n't know what i 'd do all day if i did n't do some work , some chores . 
  probably bad things ... 
  it 's also the contrast to your free time , makes you value it so much more . 
   i mean how can doing something purely for the sake of survival be ` enjoyable ' ? 
  eating ? 
  breathing that fresh mountain air ? 
  sex ? 
  barely stopped them before they reached britain ? 
  i 'm not aware of the rate there being abnormally high for tourists . 
  crime stats suggest you are more likely to get robbed in oxford circus !, 
   london has no shortage of areas where a tourist would be in danger at night where ? 
  and are we talking danger from poorly served over priced kebabs or danger of a 15 min wait for a night bus ? 
  this was also directly about an area of the netherlands , so i think it 's fair to compare . 
  the renowned british economist for his research specialising in microeconomic impacts of class-a drug use on the sex worker industry ? 
   there are such areas in every big city not in first world countries cities . 
  in london i would have probably agreed 20 years ago , but today even the murder mile is safe . 
  we do n't have no go areas , sure we have crime and the like , but no such areas . 
  it 's complicated and the mainstream news media clearly do n't understand it :( on one hand we 've the shouty types who like to think that only bad things happen because of the evil corporations , on the other hand you 've got a set of incredibly complex rules that have a high learning curve . 
  sadly the former types tend to write the news stories . 
  was n't that over the vat implications ? 
  the diverted profits tax wo n't affect a small firm that is only incorporated in the uk . 
  more than two have been charged for the libor rigging . 
  fines of millions of pounds have been handed out and regulations have changed to boot . 
  the financial crisis itself was mostly one of confidence and a lack of models handling correlated risk . 
  it 's hard to charge people for crimes there . 
   in response , mr osborne announced a so-called ` google tax ' on diverted profits , to try to prevent firms shifting earnings overseas . 
  so the question will be what will facebook 's return be once this rule is in effect . 
  the government is at least doing something . 
   to drive it , you literally have like 2 sticks . 
  was chatting to my dad ( retired british army officer , a gunner , so yeah tanks ) on the phone . 
  `` well a surgeon only has two like two hands '' . 
  this is n't really fair . 
  there are some circumstances where the tv can use less power . 
  it does so . 
  it does that at home , in a lab the same , the thing is the content the tests use might not be representative of what users at home would view . 
  this is a bullshit headline . 
  ever been in a situation where a largish group of people are involved in something not going very smoothly ? 
  one of the worst examples of stupid , pointless behaviour i experienced was a delayed emirates flight a few years ago , this was due to some runway resurfacing at suvarnabhumi . 
  i was surprisingly chilled as this was connection number 2 for a horrific set of flights , i 'm come expecting economy hell and was in that nicely relaxed drunken stupor that makes giving a shit almost impossible . 
  my dad 's a retired army officer , one of his books , i ca n't recall which , had an inscription on the first page which sprang to mind at the time :  society is always just 13 missed meals from collapse . 
  whilst the squiggled words were no doubt tongue in cheek there is a sentiment to the grim nature of crowds of people there . 
  a flight delayed by 11 hours , with people being told they 'll get no compensation and apparently being unable to just lie down and snooze , a mini riot nearly broke out . 
  this was a couple of years back and the first time i 'd seen police on segways , they detained a couple of people and order was restored again . 
  people nearly rioted because someone who i got the impression was n't even a full time employee of that specific airline was unable to magically feed them . 
  keep in mind these are people travelling on a # 150 + ticket minimum , the few that genuinely could n't find # 3 to eat at the airport would be an minority . 
  yet i found myself ` noping ' out of that situation to watch from the sidelines as a crowd of about 150 had a good 50 bad apples in it starting to behave violently towards this poor guy who was on his own , by the time i 'd found security they were already responding . 
  can you imagine someone brandishing an ipad something only just on the market crying that they were going to starve in an airport with at least 20 open eateries ? 
  people are utter fucking cunts on mass , some react very emotionally to any bad news , no matter how trivial , even if they make the situation worse . 
  what was really funny was the reaction some rather badly behaved ` child ' had when he saw me sat being given a coffee whilst i was giving my statement to the airport police , he started kicking up a fuss * that i 'd been given a coffee * , in front of the security , idiot . 
  fun thing is he would later end up on at least one airlines no fly list . 
  the poor ` spokesman ' had his shirt ripped and god knows how it must feel to have a group of men , women and children turn on you , because of an 11 hour delay outside of your control . 
  but that 's the thing , i 've switched to streaming mostly everything ( exception being music , which i cache still ) . 
  i 've had 100mbits for the last 6 years . 
  i seldom find myself going wired despite the wifi being a bottle neck . 
  it 's kind of telling i 've not upgraded my home nas in that time , but all my pcs have ssds . 
  i find more often that it 's the servers i 'm dealing with that are slow , rather than my connection . 
  what kind of thing do you do with that ? 
  i use wifi half the time and it would be bottlenecking . 
  ca n't tell if you are serious or not ? 
  if anything the overton window has shifted right , we 're seeing more talk about immigration , grammar schools are coming back , the nhs is apparently not getting enough increase in funding ... 
   except that under his leadership , membership doubled again . 
  which is not of any relevance . 
  if they do n't get votes , the party will tear itself apart , with only fringe loons and young people left . 
   what will be next , specialized gangs in hunting foreigners ... that 's not new sadly . 
  there are lots of people taking the piss out of the edl , which whilst it includes many clearly developmentally challenged loons ( visible by their poor spoken language ) at the same time some of the anger comes from genuine sources . 
  the whole `` muslamic ray guns '' was actually someone trying to say `` islamic rape gangs '' but yet he was completely ridiculed . 
  we need to be inclusive in our inclusivity . 
  we need to try and understand why those , who are often at the lower decile of our society , feel such hatred towards foreigners .
