  the auto you end up kind of flooring it , or manually flipping it down a gear , when in the manual you would just take it down one gear ( the manual has more gear ratios ) . 
  this results in more fuel being consumed for the auto . 
  until automatics know what 's coming up , what the demand from the engine is going to be in 3 , 5 & 10 seconds time , i doubt they will match a driver who is paying attention in a manual . 
  good old ken livingston !, 
   ( if only to deny the brits cheap ammunition ) . 
  i know someone who mentioned this cookie law when talking about how they voted leave . 
  well done finland !, 
  yes because in this case we 've no evidence to suggest he even read those papers . 
  even if you get your news just from the bbc , you would know about the latest attacks . 
  sounds like this guy had a screw loose and was doing some tit for tat nonsense . 
  i think blowing up a bomb outside a children 's concert does more to radicalise someone that reading the sun . 
  but i guess that does n't allow people to feel smug as their paper is better . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to blame the sun and mail for hate-mongering . 
  i mean it 's a copycat of the last two london attacks , strikes me as agenda pushing to suggest otherwise . 
  oh so the guy who perpetrated last sunday 's terror attack looks to be quite genuinely insane . 
  he tried to kill himself and reportedly begged the authorities to section him , that is to be detained because you are a risk to yourself or others . 
  i think the phrase is derived from `` section x of the mental health act 1983 '' . 
  it 's an exact representation of one of the iconic aftermath scenes . 
  it 's in rather poor taste considering we now know a bit more about the guy behind this , pleading to be sectioned , trying to drown himself etc. 
   if it was just about economic issues then they would 've been in an efta or something deal and slapping down the anti-immigrant lot . 
  this is purely about immigrants at this point which is a pretty classic hard-right issue . 
  completely not true , see mcdonnell or corbyn for their views 5 years ago . 
  they disliked the freedom of movement because it was considered almost anti-union . 
  that 's why they had an end to freedom of movement in their manifesto . 
  it 's very easy to find a list of `` hard left '' types who were vocally leave because they think globalisation and such is a race to the bottom . 
  i do n't for a moment think those types have gone away . 
   who ? 
  a bunch of the old farts i have the pleasure of working with !, 
  however off the top of my head i think you would consider mark harper 's time in office as minister for disabled people to be `` hard right '' , he was remain . 
   if you have any savvy on the matter you can see why people do n't really care if it 's a labour brexit . 
  no because i 've explicitly heard people claim that they would be soft brexit , despite manifesto pledge to end freedom of movement . 
   labour have no hard right that 's holding them hostage unlike the tories though . 
  you are making a big mistake to think that leave is a `` hard right '' demand . 
  if it were that simple the tories would have been mostly eurosceptic . 
  the fact is there are people who are economically or socially hard right , who are remain . 
  that 's not what is creating our instability now , it 's still the result of the referendum . 
  i 've met people who are so unable to read a manifesto they thought labour were pro soft-brexit so voted for them . 
   he did n't spend the whole time fucking over pensioners and tory voters it was their vote he courted . 
  sure i just wanted to break the circle jerk about the sun telling people which way to vote . 
  turns out the mirror does that better . 
  but in reality it 's : torygraph , mirror , grauniad , mail , times , express then , only then do you get the sun and the indie at the same level . 
   honestly i assumed they would n't be going for daily mail brexit either . 
  i guessed that from day 1 , i thought that maybe i was being a bitter remainer because the mainstream view was not that , i just could n't see another offer . 
  however when it comes to fears about people , the fact that corbyns far exceed mine about mays . 
  this is the worst election i 've been able to vote in . 
  i miss blair , even him post iraq . 
  i do n't think the ftt is project fear , i 've spoken to some of our clients and they were basically saying they would n't trade non-uk listed in the uk any more . 
  right now we make money from people trading things all over the world . 
  that would stop . 
  because with brexit and an ftt , why base in london ? 
  costs are higher . 
  fair market relies on low friction of trades , increasing friction is nuts , utterly nuts . 
  it 's not back to turniponomics , but it would remove liquidity , increase risk etc , so more of a tuliponomics . 
  sure like most people i assume sterling would drop further if corbyn comes to power , that might make it look attractive for people who work in usd/eur , but taken with the wider events , it 's as if you are saying `` you 're fucking lucky to be here buddy '' to all the city . 
   germany and sweden ( for example ) these are not trading powerhouses . 
  sweden is a very small nation , germany did n't have the lost decade we did , there are many things we could learn from them . 
  plus frankfurt is n't nearly as profitable as the city . 
   may will absolutely destroy the software industry with both torynet most people , my self included are assuming she wo n't be allowed to do that because of the loss of money . 
  these are also not manifesto promises like the ftt and 45p rate . 
   how long have you studied banking inefficiency ? 
  it 's actually my business   well i worked in fin-tech for 3 years so i 'm pretty aware of the inefficiencies of banks yes then how can you suggest that it does n't benefit the corner shop , when practically everything that 's stocked will have been ...  but you are completely fixated on arguing the semantics of this specific policy because you 've lost the argument that corbyns programme is one copied from countries with far more innovative and successful economies lol . 
  because taxing the transaction is bad for free market hypothesis . 
  you tax the outcome ffs . 
  look how long have you spent in investment banks ? 
  almost everything in the modern corner shop is there because we 've efficient investment banking . 
  from foreign exchange to rates , to futures . 
  what i find bizarre is someone who comes across as wholly ignorant of what investment banking transactions are . 
  argues in favour of taxing something they do n't understand . 
   you could say that about any consumption tax though . 
  no because most consumption taxes you exempt business from paying when they consume , only on the end product . 
   but the only difference banks have on corner shops is the amount of money they have to funnel to the conservative party . 
  ok , now you are going full * what have the romans ever done for us * mode are n't you . 
  do you realise how uninformed that makes you sound ? 
  taxation on business transactions is anathema to every free market theory i 've seen . 
  you tax on the end result . 
  if you do n't you are making the market less efficient . 
   i 'm sorry , but this is just nonsensical , incoherent blabbering , unrelated to anything preceding it . 
  you are not making a point at all . 
  i 'll try and be clearer i 've worked in the city for over a decade and so often use jargon . 
  vat is applied to certain products . 
  vat applicable businesses collect vat on behalf of the government . 
  a vat registered business does n't pay vat on any vat applicable item they buy . 
  an ftt on the other hand the business pays the tax on every transaction they make . 
  this is the absurd bit . 
  vat does n't work that way at all . 
  agree , i just do n't like people shitting down on the sun or whatever when they vote more inline with whatever the guardian tells them too . 
   mine most certainly does when we buy any b2b product . 
  why ? 
  do you not have to be vat registered ? 
  is your turnover that small you are flat rate ? 
   the point is you are simply assertion that this makes what 's being proposed socialist without any evidence i 'm not saying that , i 'm saying it 's `` not free market '' that 's not automatically socialist . 
  ftt is totally different to vat . 
  both are arguably regressive tax . 
  businesses of the size liable to be hit by an ftt , pay no vat on things they buy or sell to and from other vat registered businesses . 
  ftt in the proposed form does n't work like this . 
  [ nope !, 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2015-scotland-32523804 ) sun readers are n't as likely to follow their paper 's bias as guardianistas . 
   so just like vat on any other product ? 
  i ca n't tell if you are trolling or not . 
  businesses do n't generally pay vat .
