  sadly some elements in the old left in the uk demonised the idea of streamed schooling as selective . 
  vocational training as selective . 
  selective is obviously not a perfect solution , it 's hard for someone to go from one to the other , you are ` pigeon holed ' quite young . 
  but now we 've a system that is absurd for many . 
   i guess that 's personal greed though . 
  if we wanted to we can demonise even the kindest of acts . 
  an ex once told me that a very charitable deed was just a * manifestation of your messiah complex and need to own the situation * . 
  if you are supporting paying more tax on yourself then bravo , if you are a ` net contributor ' even more so . 
  the greed i 'm talking about is people wanting to not pay their tab for something that benefits them . 
  higher education gives you a competitive advantage in the workplace , i find the idea that those who are disadvantaged , the less academically inclined ( i 'll rant about our awful system that actively hates vocational training later ) picking up the tab selfish and greedy . 
  if you support a graddie tax rather than a loan then obviously you are not the kind i 'm referring too in this parent post . 
   education up til a levels is free in the uk , privileged doesnt come into it . 
  ever been involved in hiring in a big firm ? 
  hell have you even finished university ? 
  if 50 % of an age group have a degree , and 50 % do n't . 
  those in the do n't camp are disadvantaged far more than if only say 15 % have a degree . 
  you ca n't compare it to a-levels . 
  many jobs simple state ` degree required ' often at 2-2 or higher . 
  find someone who is 30 right now , who did n't have the attainment to go to university , who has no vocational skill and understand how the world is for them today . 
  a degree is a big fucking privilege . 
   i do n't think this is relevant to tuition fees , you could cut down on the number of degrees done and increase the grades needed to study them to stop the plethora of ` paper ' degrees . 
  though it is part of the reason why tuition fees are needed i guess your last sentence and the first appear somewhat diametrically opposed . 
   everyone should have the opportunity to go to uni , by that i mean everyone should receive free education and thus a chance to compete for spots . 
  some people are born with amazing looks . 
  my old house mate fell in this category , would have guys desperately clambering over themselves to help her . 
  another was an amazing athlete , so natural , talk about lucking out the genetic lotto . 
  did 5km run , not in proper kit , in 25min after drinking 3 pints and a beer . 
  apparently he lit a cig half way through too . 
  i have to train and take medication to prevent my death doing that . 
  i 've been blessed and cursed mentally , i was diagnosed as a dyslexic with a spelling age of 11 . 
  comprehension i 'm considerably above average , spacial reasoning i set records . 
  intelligence is a mixed bag , i did n't get on well with the other undergrads i studied with , frankly i avoided most of them . 
  i was * that guy * the one who 'd rock up pissed as a newt and score higher than them in tests , my first year was a waste of my time and thankfully both the uni and i realised this and mixed things up a bit . 
  what about people like me ? 
  you are saying i should have free uni , i 'm in that top 5 % * comfortably * so i 'm going no matter what !, 
  myself , i 'd rather have some capped graddie tax applied to me , and have the opportunity for higher education widened , i do think a sizeable majority benefit from it . 
  sure i could say we 'll set the bar at 1 % and have massive grants , i 'd still get my uni time , but i do n't think it would be fair , it would be very greedy of me to want such a thing . 
  so when thinking back to times past , remember how many people actually went . 
  you might be a perfect straight a student who simultaneously terrifies and excites teaching staff , bully for you , but what about those around you ? 
  do you think they are not better off with the current system ? 
  why would anyone work for 100 % someone else 's benefit ? 
  you 'd see a huge exodus of the high end uk workforce or a reduction in labour . 
  i not a rich man by london standards thought * fuck this shit * when i was taxed on my dividends at 67 % . 
  so i decided to just go on holiday for 3 months of the year instead , it was a really good thing for me personally as i 'd been working too hard and needed a break , it was the impetus for me to do so . 
  bad news for the nurse who 's salary that would have been i guess . 
  the issue is the 50 % of population target . 
  i do n't think it 's fair that the half of the people are further disadvantaged by being liable to pick up the tab for the privileged half . 
  a small number are required to be trained for the benefit of the less educated , medical staff being an obvious example . 
  my dad does n't have a degree , did n't need one back in his day when only a tiny percentage went to university , a larger group going to a poly , but by far the largest group had no uni or equivalent . 
  now frankly unskilled jobs require a degree as a quick filter on applicants . 
  this is why i think it 's unfair to put those disadvantaged by their lack of opportunity to pay for the privileged 50 % . 
  the current system is flawed due to potential future funding gap , but in essence it 's a capped graduate tax . 
  surely a graduate tax is fair ? 
  is n't capping it too ? 
  i did n't choose a degree to study based on love of learning like my sister , i chose something that would help me get a good job as there is a huge shortage of labour , my sister was old enough to have minimal fees . 
  i wonder how her choices would have changed if it was costing her more . 
  i ca n't see any moral argument for the bill being picked up by those who did n't get the opportunity and experiences of uni , but now find themselves disadvantaged . 
  would you have voted tory in the election if you could ? 
  the fact is i think you have a strong dislike for blair and are missing his message . 
  the king makers in this game are the swing voters . 
  the idea of those people flocking to corbyn with his current state is ludicrous . 
  the point he is making is one of achievability , take welfare cuts . 
  public opinion has shifted a lot on those , but the fact is ` the kingmakers ' still voted for the tories , promise outlandish things and you will never be in power , allowing the ` other team ' to wreak havoc further . 
   by companies increasingly getting away with living in a privileged legal bubble where they pay what taxes they feel like . 
  one of the most interesting changes in recent uk tax rules for companies is this tax on diverted profits . 
  i did not get a free education ... edit : this is why / r/uk does n't work . 
  state a fact , get told that it 's off topic . 
  it pushes you away , forcing out anything that is n't to do with the hive mind . 
  hence why the reality of the uk voting upset / r/uk so much . 
  but who would show descent ? 
  can you imagine to have your homeland still marred by the scares of pointless battle which was never going to win . 
  land mines placed by the argentinians who have not been as forthcoming as they could be for their removal . 
  not to mention potential unexploded ordnance of the british response . 
  99 % is quite easy in that regard . 
  it 's demographic is young . 
  they see desire for no student debt as a noble thing , rather than a viewpoint marred in their own personal greed . 
  most have that arrogance that things can be different , better , brutal realities have n't crushed that desire to dream yet , experiencing failure has n't made them conservative in planning . 
  or rather that 's how i and most of my friends views have changed . 
   some economists actually support that . 
  do you find it interesting how they leave out the names on the list ? 
  there are few you would find outside of the lse marx worship . 
  heck if it 's a numbers game even more replied against it with an [ open letter to the ft ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c11cb18-5176-11e5-8642-453585f2cfcd.html#axzz3lxqoivmc ) myself i think his plans have n't shown sufficient attention to how the money would be spent specifically how it could be returned ( the cunning thing about qe , is the money is not being created , it 's a rolling of a loan ) as the ` bank ' created would own it . 
  i think we 'd see the gilt market react unfavourably to this , sterling drop , inflation rise , the classics of his favourite years . 
  if somehow he won , i 'd short the shit out of cable and emigrate . 
   it 's the one thing all economists agree is 100 % a bad idea . 
  this is rent controls . 
  small nitpick you 'll never get 100 % to agree , hell the old joke about churchill and keynes jumps to mind . 
  but i think they are a bad idea . 
  what makes them mind boggling to me is the open border plan too . 
  i moved to london over a decade ago , i 've seen and felt the pain of rising rent . 
  but how else do we allocate the housing ? 
  are you allowed to live indefinitely because you were born there ? 
  what about all the new people coming to live here ? 
  how would that work ? 
  sure some might jump in and say there would be new housing built , but not much in my postcode , there simply is no space without building up ( which would upset many , many ordinary voting people ) . 
  so obvious answers to me are nepotism and corruption would reign supreme in london housing . 
   shut up and take my votes !, 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's just spiteful . 
  it does n't matter to me what the person up the street earns , all that matters is my quality of life is better .
