  is it cultural or just increased competition for scarce demand of labour ? 
  every society sadly has groups of people who are for want of a better word twats . 
  i do n't think we 've seen a statistically significant rise in the uk . 
  now if brexit is handled badly ... 
  i fear we could see a resurgence of racist fascism . 
  that 's a very dangerous game to play , because it leads to broad generalisations , if you , like i , are pro-migration then you do n't want to open that pandora 's box , because next it will be people saying how black people make up 2/3rds of all arrests in london , and romanians commit a massively disproportionate amount of crime . 
  every group of people has their scum . 
   romanians are probably viewed worse nowadays . 
  it 's sad but i think for many people in the uk they do n't get a `` good '' chance to interact with many romanians . 
  a few years back i remember being visible shocked by a * mother * carrying a baby in a tube train between the doors ( this is n't a safe idea ) she was soliciting and the baby just looked out of it , completely zombified . 
  this was half a decade ago , and ultimately was the first romanian i met in london . 
  a few years later i ended up working with a chap from romanian who introduced me to a bunch of stuff , most fun being `` tuica '' . 
  but that 's not normal , not everyone works in industries with a huge turnover of highly educated staff who are for the most part friendly and wanting to show their experiences , hobbies and cultural stuff , and of course whom are all paid enough so that they can afford to bring nice things to work to share with everyone . 
  so many people will only find them in a `` negative '' manner . 
  it also has to be noticed the amount of [ begging they are responsible for ] ( http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-romanian-crimewave/18207 ) how many people will have met their first romanian in the uk in a negative light as a result ? 
  erm that only works for me because i then back up those whatsapp messages with the backup of the phone . 
  yes it 's quite amazing how almost every smoker acknowledges their habit is an imposition now . 
  i 'm not so sure it 's the smoking ban , as much as the price of a pint has skyrocketed , many of those pubs were complete shit holes , changes to music licencing and property developers realised they could make a tidy profit . 
  personally i really enjoy the pubs we have now than those a decade ago . 
  free houses are the norm , rather than an exception . 
   it took about 10 years to go from `` the fucking govnazis are making fun illegal '' to `` of course i never smoke inside , all the fun conversations are outside with the smokers anyway '' exactly the same in the uk too . 
  from friends who smoke lamenting that they 'd just never go to the pub again , to them saying how awful it is that people smoke so close to the entrance to the pub . 
  the work involved in validating the design is probably far higher than that of implementing some physical changes . 
  so the `` benefit '' of having software level upgrading , is minimal . 
   because i am a finance n00b ? 
  :-) fair enough , but i would n't go and call the whole system retarded . 
  the biggest problem was simply correlated risk . 
  this is some major np hard problem . 
  solve it , get your millennium prize level problem . 
  it 's been addressed in a couple of ways , one cva style programs , internally a investment bank will look at how much total exposure they have to a counterparty . 
  this is kind of important because if you imagine i do some kind of low risk straddle , i long a straddle . 
  this means buying one call option , and one put option . 
  but i can get a slightly better price from counterparty z for one leg , than i can from counterparty y. i 'm protected from stock movements by this , all is good . 
  but the counterparty y dies , and suddenly i 'm not protected at all . 
  worse if i was writing the option . 
  suddenly it 's not the premium i 'm loosing , but i 'm on the hook for the price movement , which i thought i was protected against . 
  so i default , which results in counterparty y defaulting etc. 
  back in 2008 i remember people screaming to try and find out the total gross exposure to lehman 's , it was never really taken seriously that such an institute would fail . 
  this resulted in people not wanting to take on new trades , they needed to figure out what their own situation was a bit first . 
  this resulted in even less credit available and then ... well it all followed on from that a bit . 
  so by keeping things as separate legal entities , it 's a good thing simplistically as it allows them to fail , it 's the highly correlated risk that actually made the firewalls appear more like dominos . 
  which is why cva was brought in , a ` credit ' charge internally for your entities worry about the counterparty going bust . 
  great !, 
  then mifid helped a bit and mifid ii really has some good stuff in it . 
  the trick is to not throw the baby out with the bathwater , sadly so many in the uk would like to do so . 
  i think it 's mostly from a situation of fear and ignorance . 
  rather than just have a good ole think about how to fix the more broken parts . 
  i 've seldom met someone who talks about `` fractional reserve banking '' and how it 's all bad so forth who has even heard of , let alone read mifid ii . 
   how do you figure that ? 
  mortgage lenders have capital requirements do they not ? 
  so a fraction of each penny they lend is from their reserves . 
  unless they are keeping separate books . 
  which defeats the entire point of mandatory capital reserves . 
  how do you figure that capital reserves are immune to claims against a mortgage lender ? 
  because they are separate legal entities . 
  how do you not know this ? 
  i know this because i 've read the small print on all my mortgage agreements , have a cfa and have work in the city , i was one of the hedge fund vultures betting on the demise of some of these firms . 
   i do not see the inability of these people to calculate an actual yield from their products taking into account the likelihood of repayment , as a threat to banking stability . 
  neither do i , hence why in my first post , i mentioned this exact scenario :  otherwise this will just increase costs for the poorer people who would never have been able to take advantage of overpayments , as the mortgage lenders will price the risk of them doing so into the product . 
   obviously not completely . 
  otherwise the financial crisis of 07-08 would n't have happened . 
  a car and a plane are different , but both are impacted by a lack of oil . 
  in the case i mentioned northern rock , we saw people queueing at branches of the bank to withdraw money . 
  this was loonacy of the highest order because the money in question was normally below the government guaranteed amount , but more importantly because it was a different legal entity to the cash strapped troubled mortgage lender . 
  what i was specifically talking about was the funding mechanism used by the mortgage lenders . 
  i 've tried to explain this but i think you 've got some large misconceptions about how this works . 
  if you get a typical 25 year mortgage in the uk , the mortgage lender will fund that with a variety of mechanisms , not one penny will be straight from a deposit account at the same bank . 
  you can raise money with say a 10 year bond , but it often costs more than a 1 year bond , investors value the freedom of being able to move the money , having it locked up for 10 years is a problem . 
  so a mortgage lender uses a mix of durations , some things around 6 months , 1 year , 5 years etc. 
  if a mortgage lender suddenly finds themselves with cash , because their mortgages have been paid off early ** this is a bad thing ** because they will have already financed that cash from the money markets with a promised return over say 5 years . 
  that interest payment has to come from somewhere . 
  so when you see a no overpayment fee mortgage , they have priced that into the overall cost of the mortgage , it costs the mortgage lender money when someone does that . 
   restricting the ability of banks to gamble with other people 's money is a bad thing ? 
  that 's not what this is about at all . 
   why is it that we have capital requirements for banks then ? 
  banks and mortgage lenders are different things . 
  a mortgage lender might be owned by a bank but will need to raise capital to fund its loan book from the market , the mortgage lender wo n't be wholly funded by one specific bank . 
  ok , so i think this might be a bad thing . 
  almost a decade ago in the uk a mostly unheard of company was facing a funding crisis . 
  northern rock had issued a lot of mortgages , most well over 10 years in length . 
  they were borrowing money at short term rates . 
  typically , people will demand less premium to lend money for 3 months than they will for 5 years . 
  i mean you get your money sooner , it 's less hassle etc. 
  so northern rock took this a bit too far , they financed many obligations of 10 + years , constantly , every few months , using short term products . 
  then the credit crunch happened . 
  * when the tide turns you can see who is swimming naked * . 
  so suddenly they were unable to buy these 3-6 month products they had been buying for the last few years , the tide had turned . 
  meanwhile they had obligations that were 10 + years in length . 
  that obviously is bad !, 
  so the solution is for the mortgage company to use longer term debt , things measured in years not months . 
  however if you suddenly make it possible for home owners to repay lots of their mortgage , without paying the future interest that would have accrued , suddenly the mortgage issuer can be left with long term interest repayment that had to be made . 
  it 's unlikely that suddenly lots of people would be paying of a mortgage short of rates suddenly changing , but still , i hope they 've given some rules to allow reasonable fees charged if people do . 
  otherwise this will just increase costs for the poorer people who would never have been able to take advantage of overpayments , as the mortgage lenders will price the risk of them doing so into the product . 
  we all take it in turns to be the * arbitrator of ugly * at the entrance to the beach . 
  once i 'm below about the 18th parallel i burn super fast . 
  for things like surfing or kayaking or snorkeling i wear a uv protecting long sleeve shirt when there . 
  back home in england , i need a wetsuit , because damn it 's cold . 
  i feel like i 'm not evolved correctly for anywhere !, 
  spent a few years in cornwall . 
  i think having laws requiring people to cover up more is a good thing , too many people dress for the body they * think * they have .
