  there are bigger problems which you ignore , pretend that do n't exist and pick on small `` safe '' shit that wo n't make people call you racists . 
  this is n't true at all . 
  just because there is one issue at hand , does n't preclude the others . 
   idk , i 'd say that muslims raping your children and the police covering it up is worse than me buying a pair of stolen sneakers . 
  that 's not from the eu . 
  think about the consequences of your actions . 
  do you think free movement , used responsibly , is of a benefit ? 
  if so do n't encourage the irresponsible use of it . 
   guess fucking what , when your paycheck is 300 euro and a pair of sneakers costs 100 euro my paycheque is a lot more than 300 euro . 
  would i spend 100 euros on sneakers ? 
  fuck no . 
  but then i 'm not an entitled twat . 
  remember your actions create the community you live in , and to some extent create the world we live in . 
  why are so many british people wanting to vote to leave the eu ? 
  because of people like you ... 
   the problem is people refusing an education and prefering to be professional theives instead . 
  imagine if no one bought the obviously stolen goods , then what option would they have ? 
  it makes me think of hitchhikers guide for some reason , * mostly * poor . 
  i 'm not saying it ca n't be done . 
  but currently in the uk we have class sizes of 30 often higher . 
  we ca n't absorb people , people who have often been through trauma too , and suddenly have them as productive members of society that easily . 
  we are seeing less and less demand for unskilled labour after all . 
  plus basic things like schooling . 
  how many girls can actually access schooling in afghanistan ? 
  it 's going to be an order of magnitude harder . 
  i think all news sources do this kind of thing , it 's why i try to not just read the economist ( which suits my natural slant of loving the most obvious patterns in data ) and read things i am more likely to generally disagree with . 
  they had one the other day , a video stating that the ` average ' londoner spends 3/4 of their salary on rent . 
  it boggles the mind how someone can be so dumb as to believe that , i guess because it fits their prejudices . 
  rather than think * but what about tax , income , ni , council * or even just * how would they pass a credit check * people lap it up . 
  it 's the other side of the coin to the daily mail really . 
  sure that 's why the airlines check when you check in , for many destinations they will check for a visa too . 
  but then you go through port control on an international flight , and they check your passport to see if you are allowed out . 
   frankfurt and paris have been trying for a really long time to do just that yes , i think i used ` they ' incorrectly . 
  any attempt that paris might have made to say get some of the hedge funds or long onlys disappeared with the countries changes to income tax . 
  paris does n't really have the banking sector clout that london has , they could try and position themselves for it , but realistically their current policies such as top rate of tax are n't exactly encouraging it . 
   it 's not , unless you call oppressive regimes that try to prevent their own people from emigrating ` standard ' . 
  it 's been pretty standard at every airport * for safety * and just to make sure people are n't on a no fly list , say if they are on bail . 
  it 's not exactly oppressive to require a citizen to get a passport before they can leave , so long as getting that passport is easy and available to all . 
  wonder why they might not have a seat ... 
   but honestly , the uk is getting a discount since the 80ties . 
  we pay in far more than we receive in direct monies , that is an issue a lot of people have . 
  when the courts rule based on politics rather than laws , for example benefits , it becomes rather irksome . 
  oh man i had someone like that who was friends of a house mate . 
  he used all my recordable dvds for some music he was wanting to hand out , apparently unable to realise that many cd players will not play a dvd . 
  my house mate did n't realise he had stolen them , he then started to say how ownership is n't fair because i had a whole spindle of them . 
  i took all the cash from his wallet ( it must have been around # 100 ) as i did n't have any cash and he had lots . 
  i was also a lot bigger than him , suddenly his socialist/anarchistic principles do n't apply when it 's the other way round . 
  exactly , this is the cruel irony , it was from the poorly educated , poorly spoken voices that the left so desperately claim to represent . 
  the way in which censorship of views and opinions can instantly be made into ridicule is just awful . 
  i sort of understand , it 's hard to get people to look at a group of people * correctly * that is to say that they might have lower exam attainment because of their parents having less , rather than on race lines , but instead we created a dirty word that was thrown around to instantly end not just discussion , but listening to people . 
   but because she is the most important symbol of english and british identity she is also part of our history , our history is * checkered * at best , we have committed atrocities for certain . 
  however we 've come from that , the magna carta whilst many would say did n't go far enough , enshrined rights in a far more fair manner than our peers . 
  it is part of our heritage and culture , i would not suggest we demolish st. pauls because of the atrocity that has been carried out in the name of it 's religion . 
  but more than that , this is remembrance sunday , a time of reflection and introspection as well as giving thanks to those who have given their lives . 
  when we give thanks to say those brave raf men who gave their lives defending our country we do so even knowing the atrocities of say dresden which many of those same soles carried out . 
  when you refuse to take part , you are suggesting your moral dislike of a ` defanged ' queen outweighs that of everything else . 
  i think this is the childish part . 
  i guess i 'm trying to say it 's not just about our heritage . 
   yet both the british , at least if the media is a good reflection of the people , and the argentinians , seem to have nationalistic boners for them . 
  hold on , that 's not what it is about at all . 
  i have an agreement with the government , i pay taxes , i get safety in return . 
  we have british citizens , who overwhelmingly 99 % + want to not be ruled by a foreign agressive power , in the last conflict we did not fire the first shot , but simple things like removal of landmines the argies left has still not happened . 
  we can talk about things like that with them . 
  however there is to be no sharing them just because a war hungry politician wishes for it . 
  we can easily defend them now we 've got the right equipment stationed there . 
  the way to prevent any war is simply to make it not worth it . 
  if you think that sitting round a table could have made the previous argentinian government withdraw from the island you are nuts . 
  it 's the fact he would remove the right of self determination from a bunch of british citizens that is so shocking . 
  the question is , is it worse than admitting what a screwup they are making of the junior doctors contracts ? 
  corbyn should have been wiping the floor with him over how badly thats been handled . 
  they 're basically his fan club . 
  aside from the many , [ many people who joined the labour party ( which cost about the price of a pint ) just to vote for corbyn as a way of fucking up the labour party . 
  ] ( http://order-order.com/2015/06/23/labour-admit-they-cant-stop-tories-voting-for-corbyn/ ) but what amazes me is how many people just frankly , [ do n't understand other people , and attempt to justify his behaviour . 
  ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/jeremy-corbyn-attacked-appearing-stay-6450399 ) even more ammusingly he backtracked on his moral principle and said he would sing it in future . 
  it 's amazing proof of how messed up the demographic is in some subreddits , for example / r/unitedkingdom was awfully pro corbyn . 
  woh , i assumed it was pmq because it was a wednesday . 
  this guy has no hope in hell . 
  many people do n't grasp that politics is the art of reaching agreements , normally that means compromise and persuasion . 
  the problem is that corbyn carries himself so poorly , no one really get 's to even listen to what he is going to say , for example this [ soundbite from pmq ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-35651000 ) it 's just a trainwreck . 
  so no one even gets to hear what he says half the time . 
  this was referencing his looking shabby at a remembrance day event and not singing the national anthem . 
  people make snap judgements all the time , and someone who has n't taken the care and time to present themselves often , but not always , is the kind of person who has less desirable traits , a barely functioning alcoholic could have turned themselves out better than he did that day . 
  then not singing the anthem because of some political view , well sing it anyway for the benefit of others , it 's like an edgy atheist saying `` how dare you say you wish gods blessing on me '' , it 's how they interact , even if you do n't believe it , you have to find some middle ground . 
  too many of his political group are the kind never grew out of getting stoned saying how the world would be so much better if everyone just helped each other , whilst obviously doing nothing to help people themselves . 
  it 's really quite problematic because the pm should have been grilled on the failure of new contracts for doctors , but corbyn and gang are so pissing inept that they ca n't even be a decent opposition . 
   is he taken less seriously in the uk ? 
  oh hell yes . 
  he is one of those people who might have some good policies somewhere but when he opens his mouth you ca n't get beyond the batshit insane crazy bits . 
  [ opposition leaders normally have favourable polling , this is just absurd . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/01/19/corbyn-rating-fall/ ) the man is a failure of a politician because he does n't ever win support of someone who was n't already singing in his choir . 
  the problem is that a lot of say the / r/unitedkingdom subreddit are most certainly already in his choir . 
  his advisors are not particularly savoury either , you 've got [ someone who is an ira apologist ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/jeremy_corbyn/11924431/revealed-jeremy-corbyn-and-john-mcdonnells-close-ira-links.html ) , you 've got the hamas supporting , the criminal ( arsonist ) and if that unsavoury enough you have [ a wife beater ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2619675/the-lefts-rock-star-economist-thomas-piketty-woman-beater-says-former-lover.html ) for the economist . 
  these are not people who are ` liked ' by the normal person who consumes their information from say the sun or the daily mail . 
  but the real problem is , when he goes and does something [ like this ] ( http://www.politics.co.uk/blogs/2016/01/18/jeremy-corbyn-s-falklands-comments-have-surrendered-the-next ) the charcters of the people are unelectable to begin with , but then you get policy like this ? 
  it 's utterly absurd . 
  the only chance corbyn has is if the tories tear themselves apart over the in-out vote on the eu . 
  but wo n't many of those sanctions result in lower quality of life for the majority of the russians who are innocent ? 
   because fuck ukrainian military crafts and people on board , right ? 
  i worry you are straying into the comparison of life between soldiers and the * collateral damage * . 
  internationally speaking downing an airliner is a much bigger deal than sponsoring a war .
