   the wishes of those who live there , as a matter of fact , are irrelevant to determine if a territory is a colony or not . 
  again , irrelevant that it is or is n't a colony . 
  the only relevance this has is giving spain a claim , a claim which is n't as strong as the other legal arguments including and to me so important , but to you apparently not at all because of your nationalism , the right to self determination . 
  i do n't understand how you can be so blind as to quote on un law , [ whilst ignoring another ] ( http://www.un.org/en/decolonization/declaration.shtml ) you holding that one status that says their might be a claim ... you hold it above all else , but so worryingly as to ignore the people 's wishes that it affects . 
  that 's very dangerous . 
  i 'm finding this really funny now , your hypocrisy on this matter tickles me somewhat . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-23617910 they 've a fair balanced summary of the legal points . 
  it might help you to understand there is more than just one ` law ' . 
  also i 'd say we can use hong kong as a great example of frankly no one caring about that one . 
   it 's not the same principle , as the international legality states . 
  read it . 
  law is not immutable . 
   your nationalistic and belligerant approach is detestable . 
  the colonists ca n't decide over the integrity of another state for the reasons stated above . 
  why i 'm protecting the status quo of 300 years . 
  it 's incredibly amusing that you find morocco 's position incorrect , but the spanish one valid based on a un status of being a colony . 
  the uk as a member of the permanent security council could easily do what china did with hong kong and your argument would disappear . 
  but no one bothers because for a hundred years at least those who live there wish to be british . 
  i dislike the notion that self determination can be done away with by a simple claim made by spain . 
  that a border which has n't changed in centuries , people who 've lived for generations would be displaced . 
  the uk said it [ was a legal referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_2002 ) spain differs . 
  as the uk has a veto i fail to see what they could hope to do because legally the uk can stop it , and force projection wise ... yeah that would n't go well for spain either . 
  you ignore previous legal precedent . 
  you ignore the wishes of those who live there . 
  you hang on to one declaration based on criticising colonial powers as somehow evidence spain should take control . 
  that 's absurd . 
   the thing is : on an internacional level , it matters sure does , legally they 're not spanish . 
  simple right ? 
  oh wait , no it 's not , because there is * insert other legal idea * . 
  you ca n't ignore one and then protest someone ignores another . 
   the integrity of a state is a basic concept . 
  it 's a complete distraction . 
  who cares if they are a colony vs a state ? 
  they could be a state of the united kingdom and some spanish politicians would still rattle the sabre . 
   but you were ( and are ) lying i 've not , i 've suggested it 's the same principle . 
   truly detestable . 
  just to be clear you think it ** should n't be the people who decide ? 
  ** that 's a dangerous thought . 
   if you do n't care about the legal definition , or do n't understand it , or do n't '' give a shit '' , then do n't try to argue about it . 
  i 'm saying it 's not relevant , it does n't matter what status some place has , it 's important that there is a right to self determination . 
  that was given recently , in a free vote . 
  i 'm mocking countries making claims on other bits of land they lost centuries ago . 
  instead you say * oh but this is different * . 
  i 'm saying that legal definition holds no bearing on the matter , the fact is the people have been given the choice . 
  instead i 'm arguing that it does n't matter at all . 
  it has no credit , see hong kong . 
  can i ask why you care ? 
  i do n't live in gibraltar but i respect their choice to decide to be part of our nation , i would volunteer to protect that with force if need be , or my tax monies more likely . 
  erm , why is it important or not that they are a colony ? 
  is the spanish claim to ` help ' those ` poor colony people ' by welcoming them into ~ ~ unemployment ~ ~ spain ? 
  it 's an irrelevant legal definition , much like wales status in our act of union being different . 
   the colonist ca n't decide to change the integrity of another state unilaterally . 
  this is basic . 
  what are you on about ? 
  they had the choice in the referendum . 
  the result was a resounding * let us stay as we are * . 
  the choice was there . 
   what makes ceuta and melilla part of spain is that since the beginning both were counted as integral territory of spain ok , think about wales or scotland . 
  are those colonies too ? 
  actually one is technically not a country by some definitions . 
  the definition is arbitrary , and pushed forward by spain and such . 
  the un list is meaningless , for example see hong kong being removed . 
  as i 've said before , it 's got to be about the self determination . 
  if you think spain has any claims to a place they 've not had for 300 years , that they lost in a war , then ... 
  i do n't see how you think a country has any right to any borders . 
  should the uk claim normandy next ? 
  mostly who gives a shit . 
  i ca n't understand it , if the people of that state are happy , then that 's the most important thing . 
  it 's painfully funny to me that you would criticise morocco for it 's sabre rattling , whilst doing the exact same thing yourself . 
  next you will be saying the falklands should be given to argentina !, 
  what defining feature makes them not a colony ? 
   colonists ca n't decide if they want or not violate the integrity of the nation they 're inside . 
  erm sure they can . 
  they had a referendum back in the last decade . 
  i mean it 's a no brainer , no one would vote to be part of a poorer country , so we offered it . 
  same with the falklands , you 'd have to have more than just a screw loose to rather be part of argentina . 
  your argument appears to be simply that gibraltar is a colony , therefore spain can claim it ? 
  but the people who live there do n't want that , do you just ignore them ? 
  to me what makes the moroccan claims false is the simple self determination of those it impacts . 
  sure it is , the non-self-governing territories list is n't some perfect list , it 's highly political , a great example that jumps to mind would be hong kong being removed . 
  i ca n't imagine how spain has any claim other than * we 're next to it * . 
  if there are any doubts have a free and fair referendum ... 
   for so long that does n't make sense to consider them colonies i guess it just depends how long , is n't 300 years enough ? 
   also i do n't think how morocco acts towards ceuta and melilla help . 
  spain would never act that way towards gibraltar !, 
  not saying that the uk police are perfect , far from it . 
  but you ca n't simply dismiss the activities of gchq as useless , when since we upped their funding in 2006 we 've yet to have an attack , apparently 7 have been thwarted this year alone . 
  yes our community police need to look at how they interact with at risk children and their working in the racial minority groups . 
  but seriously do you feel that belgian authorities are doing enough when it comes to terror groups ? 
  transport zones for london , you can see them on a [ tube map here ] ( http://content.tfl.gov.uk/standard-tube-map.pdf ) it 's a bit of a dry joke as housing in london has become more expensive this year and many people find themselves being priced out of central london . 
  the problem is we 've no idea if it did do anything . 
  there is a problem with belgian authorities not preventing terror attacks . 
  the uk is demonstrably doing a better job , or has no one plotting domestically or internationally successfully carrying attacks out against us . 
  if it did prevent another tube bombing , then i 'm all for the hacking of belgacom ... 
  so you are saying that the housing crisis in london is so bad now even salt of the earth terrorists ca n't afford a studio flat inside zone 2 ? 
  well when the * troubles * have in no small part been caused by ` faith ' i figure it should be used as tool a of healing ... 
  it 's the fault of it after all . 
  i do wonder what his reaction would have been if it was his hotel that had been blown up in an attempt to assassinate him . 
  perversely the ira could have done the world a favour . 
  not surprising , even the most rational people will jump to conclusions after a firecracker or a car backfiring given the feelings at the moment :(,
