  his rationale was simple , i 'd already scored too many papers above 90 % . 
  i sort of see that they want to continuously stretch you , but it can be really irksome . 
  because then you end up with areas that are expensive only for the elite , and ghetto towns on the side . 
  if i wanted that , i 'd live in paris , but i do n't , so i live in london . 
  yet at the same time you ca n't give everyone something for ` free ' . 
  councils do try to offer to relocate people who have no ties further afar mind . 
  but we have free movement of people between countries that have a minimum wage that is roughly a quarter of ours , and we lack mechanisms for efficiently and humanly moving those people back . 
  well that 's the rub , the council has an obligation to help those who have ties in it 's area . 
  i mean if they 've been living there , paying tax there , moving them further away will take them further out of their support network . 
  some people are concerned about london becoming more expensive and pushing people out , if we are not careful we will create a kind of ghettoisation . 
  however the working , tax paying person in me finds it irritating that someone gets something * for free * whilst i 'm working very hard to pay for the high accommodation costs that are normal in london . 
  there is no simple solution sadly . 
  whilst i do n't like that my street currently has a drunken lithuanian guy sleeping in the park ( he has only been here about 3 years now ) i do n't blame him . 
  i 'd sooner be homeless in mild weather london than riga . 
  i just think we should get funding from his origin to either relocate him home , or to pay for his shelter . 
  even square meter space costs more , homeless charities struggle to operate in london ( not that they find any place easy to operate ) due to very high cost of land and even simple wage requirements are about 1.5 x the national average . 
  look at the london living wage , vs the living wage in general . 
  so even providing a shelter space costs more . 
  if councils did n't have the right to reject applicants , they would be responsible for housing them . 
  the uk system is far from perfect , many flaws , but on the whole if you are in need , have say children , you will get accomodation . 
  there is a good example of this , and it 's london . 
  london attracts people from all over the world , but it like many major cities , attracts vagrants too . 
  it is understandable , if you where in the situation in say romania , and you have the opportunity to be in london , it would be worth taking for the softer winter alone . 
  but housing costs so much more in london . 
  so there is a arbitrage that people could ` exploit ' . 
  in the uk it is your local council that is responsible for housing you . 
  if you are outside of that area , there is no obligation . 
  aside from just the health concerns there is one of access too, 
  for some reason [ it reminded me of this story a while back ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-15654414 ), 
  errrr , there is no extradition request . 
  as a result he can not ever be anywhere without the threat of one happening . 
  you also completely ignored my question , how is it easier for him to be extradited to the usa when we 've extradited him to sweden . 
  if my understanding of the law is wrong , then please let me know as that is an awfully immoral risk to allow , and i 'll pester my mp about it !, 
  as it stands it sounds like he thinks he is above such things as due process for rape :(, 
  nor could there be , you ca n't grant immunity for any charge someone might ever bring . 
  but you know what , he could certainly have gone to sweeden and not ` lost ' the uk protection . 
  what do you think of jack of kent 's coverage of the matter ? 
  he strikes me as quite impartial . 
  i think people are wanting an excuse for why a rotten borough was allowed to operate unchallenged for so long ? 
  how , in our current state we had people intimidating voters requiring police presence ? 
  pickles is putting forward improved registration as a solution . 
  i think it 's a good one . 
  values that are different to the current collectively established ones . 
  such as demanding how your adult offspring vote . 
  in rotherham it turns out that people were not investigating the paedophile gang because they did n't want to be viewed as racist . 
  mr lutfur loudly declared that critics of him were racist . 
  i thought the article made that quite clear with the comments about intimidation being failed to be dealt with ? 
  but why , this is the bit i really do n't understand . 
  if he is extradited to sweden , then both a swedish court and uk court would have to approve any extradition to the usa . 
  if he is just in the uk , only a uk could would be required . 
  there is a good series of analysis by [ jack of kent here . 
  ] ( http://jackofkent.com/2015/08/assange-the-law-of-limitation-and-the-next-eight-days/ ), 
  whilst i 'd love to see our major forced into certain things such as reducing vehicle road use in london , realistically we do have some unique problems , density in islington or tower hamlets springs to mind as something around 14k per sq km !, 
  that 's nuts . 
  meanwhile we 've got the largest airport kind of in the wrong place , and the basin nature results in not having much fresh airflow . 
  i 'm not sure what option any mayor has that would n't be political suicide sadly . 
  even something as obvious as moving heathrow would be political death as the rest of the uk hates london enough as is , the idea that london gets such investment would be difficult for either party to manage . 
  i think he is saying , without being overt that we turn a blind eye sometimes to things that are unbritish to aid integration . 
  the tower hamlets situation was common knowledge , certain communities have a different approach to what is acceptable democracy to others . 
  coercion of voting of females , because of their lower standing , is quite common with postal votes . 
  i used to work with someone who at 24 was not allowed to vote his own way unless he risked the wrath of his father . 
  as such he had to postal vote , so his father could validate who is voting for . 
  this was 6 years after he moved out of his parents place . 
  this is the part i just do n't get , and have yet to find an explanation . 
  jack of kent did a good few posts on the matter . 
  if he is in sweden , uk and sweden must agree extradition . 
  if he is in the uk , only uk must agree . 
  why is it in his benefit to not follow the legal proceedings and have his day in court ? 
  afaik , and ianal there is no such thing in uk law , which is dandy by me . 
  guy should go to jail for jumping bail . 
  if he is innocent then he should demonstrate that in a court of law like anyone else would . 
  it 's not as if going to prison for rape would result in him being cut off from his precious media . 
  i 'd like to think he 'd make sure that it was our state owned infrastructure supplying the polonium to any dissident or critic of putin . 
  yeah so we both had that stereotypical change in thought , idealism giving way to pragmatism . 
   and the me of 5 years ago would 've been staunchly behind him mind me asking how old you are ? 
  i used to think that we could heavily reduce our military and the like until i visited russia , until i spoke a lot with people who believe in putin . 
  i think it was only once i was in my early 20s that i became sure we need a strong nato force . 
   nationalise if it makes sense to do so , not nationalise because of ideology sadly people often allow their ideology to cloud their rational idea of ` makes sense ' . 
  but it really does help !, 
  it 's also where it was parked . 
  sadly , london has been bombed a few times by different groups of people with some axe to grind . 
  i used to work in a building that had an odd mix of architecture , mostly because the irish decided to remodel it for us with a giant truck bomb . 
  park any large vehicle next to a building of significance in some parts of london , without obviously loading/unloading goods and you are likely to get noticed . 
  depends where they are getting the pints from . 
  i paid # 5 for a pint last night in zone 2 london . 
  it 's just silly . 
  you can easily get a pint for half that price outside of london . 
   an independent country would have been able to forge its own economic policy to counter it with [ 10-20 % ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-24866266 ) of tax revenue for scotland coming from oil , i dare say it would be harder to forge it 's own policy , than the current system . 
  yes , but i recall they used to stop somewhere else before they realised they could be ` landed ' at shannon . 
  it 's a funny little airport , a 5.5 \u00b0 glideslope is entertaining !, 
  the problem they felt was that all the advice regarding ` insurance ' and the like for the st petes office , was that it was a requirement for doing business . 
  the uk bribery act 2010 criminalises the act allows the uk company and directors to be held accountable for acts of corruption that happen abroad , say in st petes . 
  this created great concern as frankly no one was thinking they could do business there without some corruption from officials and the ordinary criminal elements . 
  i love london , i love living here and i reserve the right to hate many things about it . 
  but i 've had lots of choices , lived in many other places and countries . 
  i ca n't imagine living in any major city in europe that is n't london . 
  so i liked your reply because it is good to see some smaller towns/cities mentioned . 
  there are so many great ` uni towns ' that simply get ignored . 
  for example novi sad , i found my time there really chilled with lots of things to see and do . 
  practice at a guess .
