  i consider violence to be an incredibly useful tool , frequently justified . 
  i think we both agree on that . 
   it was the blanket condemnation of violent protest i 'm arguing against . 
  cool , we agree . 
  however , in this context , i do n't see burning cars or shops to be constructive at all . 
  i think we 've got a few yobs , who enjoy doing that stuff , quite rightly , violence , gives you a taste of power , burning stuff is fun , destruction gives you power , i 'm assuming we 've both walked enough in the world to see people enjoy acts that are immoral . 
  now , this is where i disagree with you , i ca n't think , of a situation that at a protest burning cars or shops would help . 
  if you are in such an environment that you feel you need to do that to be heard , odds are the police forces will squash you with equal or greater violence . 
  if i was in that situation , the protests would have to be kind of ` flash ' attacks , commonly considered gorilla . 
  to win a war , simply you either must hold the land , take the objectives and be able to defend them ( this includes occupation , genocides , etc ) , or you must demoralise the opposition . 
  keeping it simple , the latter is the goal , then sometimes i guess you could have cars and shops doing that for you , however , most civilizations i know would consider there to be much better targets . 
  this is why bombings and the like are useful to those people , you do n't have to hold the ground , you achieve your goal . 
  some would say that was the success in ni , when they managed to walk a line between terror and destroying support completely . 
  if you are too ` strong ' with it , you loose any and all moral support , if you are too ` weak ' , you do n't get taken seriously and just add more resourcing to having you squashed . 
  but in this context , i think the use of the violence is deplorable , they really should be trying to get their message across , be educating , indoctrinating us . 
  violence like that does n't make people scared , it does n't intimidate , it just makes them look like idiots . 
  people will ignore someone like that , as they assume acting idiotically means their message must have no value . 
   can you really say you could even imagine what it would be like for the army to kick in your door in the middle of the night , rip up your floorboards and beat your family members in front of you ? 
  anyone who had to endure the troubles i think has all of our deepest sympathies , but , it does n't make someone a moral authority . 
  ethics are not derived from oppression . 
  first year philosophy tutorials have been hashing the moral authority to judge someone out for centuries . 
   i believe that not only is violence sometimes the only option , it can very often be the best one . 
  i agree , violence is incredibly useful , it 's just , in this context , there is meant to be a [ monopoly of violence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monopoly_on_violence ) which should prevent violence . 
  given that backdrop , of a first world nation , a developed city , i do n't consider it suitable . 
  change the backdrop , to some dystopian nightmare , and violence again , will not be useful in burning cars and shops , you will need to deploy it in a full out urban gorilla warfare manner . 
   i was referring to the right to self-defence rather than violent protest i agree with that , i 'm not some daisy picking let 's all be friends and hug each other type . 
  violence is ultimately the true universal language , the tool of last resort , which if deployed correctly is the single most effective tool we have . 
  but , touching a car , a shop , is n't effective . 
  i ca n't think of the situation in which it is . 
  in our first world societies , there are better ways of using violence to get attention too . 
  fathers for justice a uk protest group , whose members consider their rights under represented in law i think are an example of a group that walks that fine line , but even then , they 've taken things too far at times , irrevocably which hurts their message . 
   from your position of ignorance . 
  i do n't say this to sound offensive . 
  do you mean because i 've never been oppressed ? 
  because i would n't say i 'm ignorant when it comes to history nor current affairs . 
  also , like most people i 've certainly encountered prejudice of many forms . 
  not experiencing a specific kind myself should n't discredit my moral process , two wrongs do n't make a right and all that , can be said , regardless of if you 've been wronged or not . 
   would i not be justified in seeking retaliation against those that committed these crimes ? 
  so now we are really into ethics are n't we . 
  an eye for an eye !, 
  good progress there , let 's make europe that kind of place to live in . 
  fact is , if something horrific happened to me , knowing my personality , it 's possible i 'd snap , but i would n't torch shops , cars or throw rocks , i fear to think what i would do , but it would probably be very grim indeed , and be swiftly resulting in my death . 
  as a result , given that this is a developed nation , with a legal process , which allows ( mostly allows ) legitimate peaceful protest , that allows freedom of expression , which has not used violence , i ca n't see the justification of burning cars and shops . 
  if you are in a brutal regime , burning cars and shops probably wo n't work out well at all for you , you would be better off switching to an urban gorilla warfare tactic . 
  a burning car just makes it easier to home in a motor after all . 
   from a moral standpoint i would be shocked anyone would disagree , and in fact i 'm pretty certain international law agrees with this view , though i 'd have to double check . 
  afaik there is n't any international law that supports violent protest and destruction of property , but then i 'm only really familiar with english contract law , so yeah . 
  if it turns out there is such a law , i 'm going to ( peacefully ) protest against that law , it 's unjust . 
   i did n't say that , though as an aside , in my opinion there are many situations where it would be entirely legitimate , would n't you agree ? 
  to burn cars ? 
  to torch shops ? 
  not really . 
  these are the actions that would only make sense for a minority that is trying to disrupt . 
  if you had the popular support , such actions would n't be required , you do n't need violence when you 've got the majority of the population . 
  now if i was a member of a truly oppressed minority , i certainly would n't use such violence , i 'd be concerned about even using symmetric violence , as it would lend credence to their oppression against me . 
  so no , i ca n't think of a single reason why it would be justified . 
  oooh burning cars is legit protest , til !, 
  oh , i thought they were full nato , til . 
  yeah , my father would be mortified for me not knowing that ... 
  i 'm suggesting that this is political posturing by a man who is desperate to not appear weak under the sanctions , which are pissing of the vital wealthy support he needs . 
  it will have little effect . 
  either we go to a full conventional war , and if finland is invaded , sadly we 're committed , or we do n't which is more likely . 
  so the biggest impact will be on the booze running . 
  i worry if things get much worse , the poor finish people will have to go to tallin to get the cheap booze . 
  except this is for ryanair . 
  i 'd hazard a guess they will be paying no landing fees , maybe even getting subsidised somehow too . 
  the whole airport project is a lesson in how not to borrow money , very poignant at a time such as this . 
  step 1 . 
  divide . 
  step 2 . 
  step 3 . 
  if i have # 100 of deposits , and make # 5 return per year , that 's great . 
  if i have # 100 of deposits and leverage myself a further # 1000 , whilst making only # 10 return per year , that 's not so great . 
  even more if that # 10 relies on certain factors which may change . 
  stress tests are important in providing confidence in the entity . 
  they help add another factor when looking at the return you get . 
  the secondary market always prevails . 
  sadly in the trading food stamps , that means even less food , as the ` sinful product ' prices are less competitive . 
  what a nice , simple microcosm of the whole wider situation . 
  germany lends a lot of money at a low rate , it 's not doing enough , it 's just doing it to benefit itself ... 
  wow , +4 upvotes on a comment claiming the news source is jewish . 
  i mean the director is called christian ffs ... 
  they appear to live in a bat shit crazy little world there . 
  it also takes a bit of effort to engage with the emotional consequences of such a thing . 
  otherwise , they are just railway tracks . 
  much the same that this morning i was watching footage of a grave yard , many skeletons being moved as part of london 's cross rail mass transit project . 
  these corpses from almost a millennia ago . 
  i did n't think of them as anything like people , i just thought how interesting the archaeology is . 
  you can look and see just bones , rusted rails , never think of people , never imagine what it was like . 
  just for the record i 've met some incredibly professional , experienced and talented russian pilots , the problem is they 've in certain areas a complete lack of oversite and operational responsibility . 
  [ this is n't unique to russia . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cavalese_cable_car_disaster_%281998%29 ), 
   if they do , without a fighter jet you ca n't enforce safety . 
  i dunno , i 'm a member of a club that has some historic airplanes , one of the old timers had a great idea for raising funds . 
  there is another air museum based at an old raf site in newquay . 
  he thinks they should offer ` antique interceptor ' rides , think about it , a lightning or similar going up to intercept the half century old bear !, 
  using a modern typhoon is completely overkill , unsporting and frankly not cricket . 
  this way we could pay to maintain some living relics of our history , the raf could save money and only use the mach2 capable interceptors when they get really close . 
  on the plus side , i hope it will mean continued investment in primary radar coverage in the uk . 
   precisely .
