western sahara has a 60mph limit ? 
  turns out we broke the law then . 
  [ it is mostly deserted , fairly good quality road ] ( http://0bytes.net/misc/banjul/teambbtbanjul-46.jpg ) , you can go for [ miles and miles with no one in sight . 
  the big mac index is fascinating , globally mcdonalds sell more than 60 million per year . 
  whilst eating them is n't my cup of tea , does n't mean the ` big mac index ' is n't interesting . 
  http://www.economist.com/content/big-mac-index suggests $ 4.79, 
  you have to love the fsbs involvement directly attributed to * viktor * . 
  and before the apologists wade in , it does n't make the us government look pretty either . 
  3 grays , 2 oranges , 1 blue and a grey for no data is not fine . 
  there is no real order about that . 
  using any colour space you wish , write me a function that returns the colour for a given value ? 
  do n't think you can . 
  people normally rotate hue and or luminance or saturation . 
  this is just bad and those responsible should feel bad . 
  guy starts off saying fuck london . 
  he does n't care about being good . 
  he is the drag everyone down to our level kind of idiot . 
  erm most of the financial services in the city do n't do that at all ... of course i 'm going to assume you 've never set foot on a trading floor , so have a really deep understanding of these things from some youtube video or such . 
  what have the romans ever done for us eh ? 
  i 'm all for diversity in the workplace , but the colour blind people should not be adding scale tones to graphics . 
  i ca n't begin to fathom how it 's meant to work in that order . 
   probably working class students entirely from my circle , with one working age person who i suspect did vote for him , but ca n't be sure , that considers himself working class despite a # 80k + income . 
  i think the current oil price will do more to ensure scotland stays as part of the union . 
  most of the criticisms that the independant lot had a lot of holes in their plans and finances was dismissed as * scaremongering * or similar . 
  but with the oil so low , aberdeen heading for a recession , i doubt they would be so stupid as to think other issues that underpinned the independence campaign are still solid . 
  they 're as british as a chicken tikka ffs , it 's part of our identity . 
  he also has that whole * taxing businesses is victimless , like punching someone in the dark * . 
  at the moment in the uk we 've seis and eis , these schemes make starting a new small company quite easy , anyone who qualifies for seis can raise upto # 150k with minimal effort ( assuming they are n't hopeless ) . 
  i fear someone like corbyn who has no clue about providing jobs will axe such things under the pretense that they are a ` corporate welfare ' or similar . 
  corporation tax can be naturally ` avoided ' when raising money , by use of bonds or notes etc , that carry a high cost , if people see less return from equity in dividends , it 's likely more firms would use mechanisms such as that . 
  the changes to the bank of england will have valuation issues far outside of his control . 
  the guys a fantasist . 
  if he won i fear my company would go bankrupt unless we move fast enough out of the country , where most of our clients would be going anyway . 
  to be fair , it would actually improve my opinion of the man to know he had a bit of necrophiliac beastiality fun times . 
  it was n't the downvotes that stopped me posting there , it was the unwillingness to even contemplate any discourse on the matter . 
  it was right and wrong , that simple , some binary equation . 
  a lot of them will have graduated university by then . 
  their views might change once they 've actually walked the world a bit , had some dreams smashed , realised that good intentions are not enough to stop unintended consequences of an action . 
  i stopped posting in there a while back , it used to be fun but recently they changed from being quite left wing , to very anti-anything that is n't in their ideology . 
  there is no debate , it 's black and white . 
  also if i had a quid for every time someone would say that this economist is wrong , because * a nobel winning economist * has a different opinion , obviously he is infallible unlike the nobel winning economist you cited . 
  i swear idealism is as powerful as any cognitive dissonance out there . 
  you know even when i was a kid , i was never down with ` it ' . 
  culturally fml !, 
  i guess if they are mediocre at being mediocre then they are the real winners ? 
   think of us as the most mediocre country you know . 
  belgium is going to be most upset . 
  culturally the germans did n't have the concept of the ` friday car ' . 
  that is one that was built in the factory on a friday , when no one gave a crap . 
  quality control in many british factories was terrible despite some good designs . 
  management and the unions fought each other tooth and nail , rejecting quality control oversight . 
  meanwhile cars made by german firms were more reliable , so the brand was rolled into one almost . 
  the brand less being say vw or audi , but it being built to a german ` standard ' . 
  to be fair is it only the muslims who 've raped and enslaved portugal ? 
  should everyone just hate everyone ? 
  the romans who enslaved you , the germanics who enslaved you ? 
  the empire that crushed your navy ... 
  i get refused as a blood donor because i 've been to some ` exotic ' place in the last few months . 
  they politely tell me come back in 6 months . 
  this is the problem with democracy , not just fptp . 
  plus that 60 % does n't really represent the people who just paid # 3 , the people who want to poison the well so to speak . 
  given the last uk election result , will corbyn take voters from the snp ? 
  will they oust the green seat in brighton ? 
  these are the votes who might swing that way . 
  the notion that someone who voted tory will be swayed to corbyn labour is ludicrous beyond imagination . 
  the question is , how many people who voted labour previously , will now not ? 
  with policies like this absolutely yes . 
  he is an idealist , so his ideals have to trump practical reality we can see this borne out in his defence policy in particular his frankly deplorable view on nato . 
  he would turn his back on allies , friends who have shown bravery in forming an alliance which has seen stability on a scale we 've not seen in recent history , he would throw all that away because he wants to be all huggy with russia . 
  he is the professional political type , he has never had a job , never built a company and when you look at his political career he has always been on the losing team , thus never been tested by reality . 
  when all you do is spout back bencher views , that have no chance of becoming anything , there is not testing , there is no forcing you to come back to reality . 
  this is why i hate these kind of politicians , they do n't live in the real world and such do not understand the problems for those who do . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  for a start off this was income from my own company . 
  sure someone else might be expanding in that space , but they were n't . 
  if i could have hired someone else to do my job , allowing me to not work and still make money i would have already . 
  the reality is a lot of high income people are doing things which simply ca n't be replaced by more workers , this is why they are high income in the first place . 
  if their job could be split into two people , then why on earth would they be earning # 100k + a year ? 
  the company would split it into two people on say # 30k a year and make that sweet sweet profit . 
  some situations scaling out is hard , if you 've a management structure you need at some point a single person to be responsible for something , humans are not great at knowledge sharing of a level that allows for instant communication of every thought or idea . 
  but do n't you see in an essence it is . 
  sure it benefits the * worker * that he is able to get access to a doctor for his illness , but on the whole these people who have the privilege of education get better returns from the free market . 
  my previous point , i was born with asthma . 
  i will never find physical exercise as easy as many . 
  i almost cry when people smoke , my jealousy to have such lungs to fuck up . 
  but i 've an intrinsic ability for certain mental problems that is far above average . 
  this is a merit . 
  do you know the origins of the term `` meritocracy '' ? 
  my point is some people are born into wealth , some with good lungs , some with an iq in the top percent . 
  if you 've only a tiny number of people benefiting , the cost to those who lack such gifts is minimal . 
  if you 've got a 50:50 split , then the cost should be borne by those who benefit , it 's only fair . 
  let 's turn it around , explain why someone who has less opportunity should , the ` weak ' should bear the cost for the ` strong ' ? 
  history !, 
  sadly the hesa only have data going back to 1995 , which obviously showed an increase . 
  but when my job was helping people find higher education options , i was told in the 60s it was less than 10 % that went to uni . 
   but as i have already said this is all off topic , i am merely commenting on the fact that the generations of free education created this situation and then to fix it they slapped up tuition fees . 
  but you conveniently ignore that it was only open to a tiny minority , whilst lauding the opportunities it permits those people . 
  this is n't fair . 
  the fact is you say the decision was made by the people who had free university , the fact is those who voted for them , the vast , vast majority did n't have the free uni . 
  germany has vocational/technical split from academic that * works * .
