   the idea is to decide that we wo n't accept their shit . 
  which is what action ? 
  do we invade russia ? 
  i guess it 's not winter anymore . 
   the libyans also did n't cooperate , until they did . 
  are you comparing a nuclear , world power , with a tinpot little place ? 
   i do n't buy the negligence angle . 
  if anything it 's gross negligence . 
  i was n't meaning in a legal manner , just a general that it was n't intended to be a civilian airliner . 
  they gain nothing by such action . 
   you do n't see a problem of having a country that makes it a point of interjecting it 's own opinions on nearly every issue in the region , yet when it 's time to take responsibility it turns into an equivalent of a child taking the ball and going home after it starts losing at the game that everyone was playing ? 
  again , i do see the problem . 
  i just see no solution that wo n't make it worse . 
  it is n't morally right ( in my book ) to take an action which will make things worse , even if you feel ( as i do ) retribution is required . 
  this is n't about a path of least resistance , this is about not making things much worse , not having way , way more people suffer . 
   that 's a very defeatist attitude you have realist if you ask me . 
   i also do n't know what could be done right so we 've got that bit the same . 
  the thing is the options i can list would only make things worse . 
  so i accept that doing nothing may well be the least worst option . 
  lots of things in life are about choosing the least worst , this is most certainly one of those situations . 
  if you blow something that is negligence out of proportion you will end up in a embittered war . 
  it would be interesting to see polling data on how many russians or even ukrainians think who was responsible . 
  sure , but they wo n't cooperate . 
  we 've already got sanctions on them , which further ones would you add ? 
  that 's just part of the disrespect they are showing . 
  the fake laughter is the letting of the hair down as much as the rather weak joke . 
  i 'm not saying you do nothing . 
  the sanctions already imposed combined with the downward pressure on oil commodities are already taking a toll on the country . 
  but what else can you do ? 
  putin is n't going to turn round and say sorry , it would n't provide any benefit to him . 
  it 's not ` right ' but it 's the way it is . 
   terrorists slaughtering jews in paris , and the other examples of muslim anti-semitism have nothing to do with the left 's problem with jews . 
  i think there is a bit of a problem with certain types of the left in the uk being very anti semitic at times . 
  i live near an area in london which has a large jewish minority so maybe it makes it easier to notice . 
  this is n't helped with a lot of those who were on the fringe before , having more of a spotlight because of the election of corbyn as the leader of the opposition . 
  in particular stop the war coalition looks like a group of horrible people , their coverage of say the paris attacks was jaw droppingly stupid , but they even ran a headline saying that war should be declared on israel . 
  many of these people are very anti israel but they conflate it with all judaism and consider actions against it to be just , the group momentum , which is the corbyn support group has had many members who have said things which are overtly antisemitic . 
  frankly a lot of these people are worrying , because these people associate with groups actually praise isis ... 
  yup , it 's an important thing if you ask me . 
  sometimes a little joke can vent frustration that would otherwise boil over . 
  ~ ~ this is pmq , prime minister 's question time . 
  it is when the house sort of lets its hair down a bit , and stops being so formal . ~ ~ this is most certainly not helped by the fact corbyn has very little respect . 
  edit : apparently [ this was not pmq . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/47c6js/members_of_the_uk_parliament_laugh_at_opposition/d0bylmv ), 
  negligence as in i think they thought they were targeting a military craft . 
  they did n't intend to shoot down an airliner . 
  so what do you do for such an act ? 
  it 's not likely to happen again , so what can you do that wo n't bring more death ? 
  they care , but what do you do ? 
  declare war on russia ? 
  impose more sanctions ? 
  it was an act of negligence at best . 
  it 's like you just ignored the whole last paragraph . 
  pull your head out of your arse , i 'm not looking at arbitrary characteristics nor am i hiring in a discriminatory fashion . 
  you keep making it sound as if this is a bad thing , you are trying to say i 'm discriminating , that i 'm looking at gender for some nefarious reasoning . 
  when you have hired in a non discriminatory fashion , and you have something that has no significant correlation to the local demographic then maybe your hiring process is flawed ( unlikely as this is consistent across many firms ) so there is another factor at play . 
  from my school studies of neuroscience ( ai focused ) we only briefly touched on gender differences in brain function , but they are absolutely fascinating , even more so in trans or xyy , that said , i do n't recall anything that would preclude someone from the profession . 
  my question is why do so few choose it ? 
  that 's a very valid question , even if it 's a gender line , it would still be a valid question if it was on race or economic background . 
  i need more people . 
  it 's a competitive environment it 's not as simple as pay more , it makes you wonder why one demographic earns less , doing less skilled jobs . 
  you think * hmm , if they could do this job , they 'd earn more money , i 'd have more productivity * . 
  the gender is then one of the most glaring demographic divides . 
  i 've worked with more chinese , asian , caribbean guys despite them making up less of our population , than i have women of any grouping . 
  the numbers on this speak for themselves . 
  so your question is , why is it then ` my ' business ? 
  because we need more people , that 's why !, 
  your telling me to ignore a massive underutilised demographic ? 
  * that 's not how you do good business * . 
  the interesting thing is why do so many people not choose or even consider such careers ? 
  there is something social about it for sure , i find in eastern european countries i 've worked or have offices they have more balanced representation of the local demographic . 
  so i have to question , is this a cultural thing in the uk ? 
  like many specialists , i 've spent decades of my life focusing on my profession , i think it 's important obviously , so i enjoy sharing it with other people , encouraging them to take it up too , even giving my time to educational programs as many can not afford market rate prices for people with these skills . 
  it saddens me that many people do not have the opportunity , but thankfully in the uk we give education to all regardless of socioeconomic background , i do n't know if it 's nurture or nature that results in fewer people from some demographics getting involved , i just think we should ensure it is n't nurture . 
  when there is a large shortage it is time to start looking why certain demographics are under represented . 
  when did i say it was discrimination ? 
  no there is a real problem , women are underrepresented in engineering . 
  this is bad for a lot of reasons , but as an employer , it 's bad because i struggle to find staff , it would be easier if we did n't have almost half the workforce choose never to consider such careers . 
  the problem is if you feel as a women you should solve that problem , you solve it by being a role model , by being a great engineer , by landing a spacecraft on a comet . 
  you do n't solve it by claiming that someone 's artistic expression is n't your cup of tea . 
  sadly far , far too much attention goes on that latter part . 
   i know . 
  it is sad , especially how big the hate got . 
  it got more media coverage than his work . 
  which is the most sad , fucked up thing . 
  want more women in science ? 
  how about talk about science more , not critique someone 's art . 
  yup provides good on the spot information as to what the other ` agents ' are doing in that area . 
  i do n't know how much information is shared between the different forces facs but this is an effective way of keeping an eye on it . 
  plus if you are constantly shadowing your neutral party , you are less likely to incorrectly see them as hostile . 
  plus pnf can do something useful for once , like take photos :p, 
  but is the uk really better ? 
  if the us wanted him , why not ask us to give him up ? 
  if he was extradited the uk ** and ** sweden would have to agree . 
  the guy absconded on bail , he will do time in the uk now . 
  because the precedent has been approving . 
  if we extradite someone to country h they ca n't be extradited to country j without approval from us . 
  it 's amazing how many people swallow the story of a narcissist who hides in jail to avoid a rape charge which the uk high court has found , under uk law there is a case to answer . 
  the publicity he uses is quite impressive too , they rely on people being ignorant of the law , claim it was n't rape ( spoiler alert uk high court said there was a case to answer in uk definitions of rape ) he claims he should be given assurances he is n't going to be extradited ( fucking impossible , you ca n't grant someone carte blanche protection against any and all criminal accusations , including ones that have n't been made ) . 
  the guy did nothing anyway , other people in wikileaks have done more * for the cause * but faced no charges .
