  oh what a lot of places . 
  then a few of them got a bit upset with each other , some ethnically cleansed and divided too . 
  realistically , i 'd struggle to remember all of those in europe , there are 30 with less than 5 million people living there , that 's after you 've learned that 30 that have more than 5 million people . 
  granted the eu has fewer members but if we only remembered those moldavians would be complaining !, 
  so i do n't think many people will bothered to learn them all , unless they have a reason , so they will probably only know the ones they 've visited plus the bigger nations or ones in the news . 
  as they say the devil is in the detail , it turns out that the german regulatory statues were not detailed enough . 
  i posted elsewhere this beeb write up of the event : http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/7843262.stm it 's interesting to say the least , mostly because the tables turned soon after and porsche found themselves on the wrong side of it . 
  lots of people have covered this in very good detail if you are interested in learning more about it . 
   same thing . 
  not at all , in fact you 've just done that exact moral laundering i was referring too . 
  they were not forced to borrow money in the first place , they chose to do so , and spent it on things which did n't generate a return better than the rate , which they knew about . 
  you could argue it 's like saying you should n't offer to sell alcohol to a drunk , but honestly i think such comparisons are even more rude to the greeks . 
  a lot of people speculate about that being due to tax evasion too . 
  the problem is we 've no idea . 
  like any country there will be some people working cash in hand who show up as out of work , but the question is how big the number is . 
  the greek tax system is notorious for loopholes , complexity and a total lack of enforcement . 
  first hand i was told that it was a 20 % surcharge if i paid my small hotel room by card , this was a few years back but still , people like cash . 
  then default , but that means breaking your obligation to the union , so the union can boot you out . 
  democracy is flawed , but it 's the best we 've got . 
  in the uk lots of people were upset that the conservative government got a majority , and quite understandably . 
  already things like railway improvement work have been scrapped for an area that mostly did n't vote for them . 
  it 's disposable income [ gini is 34.5 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tessi190 ) one of the larger ones . 
   also , if the inestability in the financial markets affects spain and halts the growth , anything may happen . 
  there is an interesting thing i 've noticed in late with the greek situation , that is any money owed by a bank or financial institution is somehow morally bankrupt . 
  it 's a fascinating way you can ` launder blame ' for want of a phrase . 
  you borrow $ 5bn from a bank , you pay your pensions with it for a few weeks . 
  that money was now lent by a bank , banks are ok to think bad things about . 
  you do n't blame the spending policy , merely the fact that money was lent , whilst simultaneously asking for more money . 
  the instability in a lot of the markets is about concern about future expectations . 
  ironically these are driven by a heard behaviour , so if everyone feels the same you run with the bulls . 
  no , that 's what they need to build another computer , one more powerful than deep thought to answer . 
   without publicly announcing this . 
  yup , it was because in germany if you bought an equity option ( the right , but not the obligation , to purchase a equity at a specified point in time , at a specified price ) if it is settled physically , that is in the actual stock , you have to announce ownership , but , if it was settled in cash , you did n't . 
  this allowed for the fun and games between porsche and vw . 
  whilst i appreciate some people found that little story off topic , i think it 's a great example of some new people being parachuted into a bad situation and doing something which to an idealistic lay person , would appear to be failure , but to those with knowledge consider a good success . 
  this is a fairly good [ explanation of the interesting event !, 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/7843262.stm ), 
  there is a story i like to tell people about my time working in hedgefunds . 
  it 's normally in reply to the question of something like `` what was the most successful trade you ever saw ? '', 
  at the time , lots of people were sure volkswagen was over valued . 
  so many people shorted it , that is to say bet that the price would drop . 
  however , there was some , what would be under uk terms illegal manipulation going on , that happened to be perfectly legal in germany . 
  as a result no one could buy the stock , the price jumped , many people were scrambling to meet their obligation to purchase the stock . 
  the two guys responsible for this fuck up did n't even come into the office that day . 
  instead it was a couple of head traders and the fund owner sat opposite little insignificant me , desperately trying to buy vw stock at a price that was reasonable . 
  at the end of the day , when the markets had long closed and midnight was about to pass , i saw the head of trading congratulate everyone . 
  only # 10m was lost . 
  sometimes a great success of a team of people , viewed one way , can look like nothing but a failure . 
  this is the moral of such a tale , sometimes loosing * only * # 10m can be one of the very best outcomes possible . 
  it 's a great time for anyone who has gbp cash to buy stocks that are eur listed , so long as there is n't a grexit and collapse of the eu economy . 
  i mean the prices are relatively so low right now thanks to the fx rate . 
  but do remember bottom pickers get stinky fingers . 
   my only thought to make this referendum idea work now is to declare the entire week a bank holiday and limit all withdrawals . 
  well , they 've [ now announced that for monday ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-33305019 ) . 
  the difference between rape and sex is only consent . 
  they have a very odd concept of consent . 
  the idea of a girl behaving * in a certain manner * is my definition of consent , the manner often includes outright asking for it , but frequently it 's just a gesture or even a look , my ex could get me turned on with just a turn of her head , not even a whole smile , the look had it 's meaning . 
  for many of those refugees , any girl who would dress in such a ` provocative manner ' is consenting . 
  it 's that deranged , but that is my understanding of the believes and thought . 
  in so much that the ` look ' my ex had , was private , reserved for me and no one else would have seen , they 've grown up being told that any girl who dresses so immodestly is asking for it , it is consent , they are a whore , they will fuck anyone . 
  you ca n't change years of such belief in the space of a few weeks . 
  worse is that most cultures have an ` official ' talk of sex , which everyone knows is a lie , the then have the ` real ' version which is definitely not what the official one is . 
  this means that you ca n't just simply tell them it 's illegal . 
  if we are doing supply side economic theory then it becomes quickly which level to set it at . 
  trickle down is popular because the tax cuts / stimulus effect only a small number of influential people , thus making it not just cheap , but influence for money that is appealing to political types , but it 's also more than that , think of trickle down as some rich people saying * this is all you are going to get * . 
  one issue of trying to take too much is you either have a full blown revolution , where you restrict core freedoms , or you end up with a flight of capital . 
  this article has nothing knew , and is just some sabre rattling generating hatred and page views . 
  just to be clear , you are saying that a 57 seat council , 50 of which are labour , needs to push conservative policies ? 
  sure , that 's it , it 's so simple . 
  the conservatives are evil , and the only reason we do n't all live in perfect happiness is because of them . 
  how about accepting these issues are incredibly complex , and boroughs such as hackney suffer immensely from people moving to london only to find their fortune did n't arrive , they end up destitute and now this councils responsibility . 
  no that 's depressing because it makes it all of our fault for failing them . 
  let 's blame someone else , i 'll drink to that !, 
  because free movement . 
  would you rather be homeless in bucharest or london ? 
  i 'd much rather london , it 's less cold in the winter , people have a higher disposable income . 
  the system regarding homelessness in england is often about being able to demonstrate that you 've connections in the local community . 
  as london attracts many migrants ( domestic , as well as international ) i believe it should receive central european funding , funding which is ring-fenced , to help this issue . 
  it 's important to note the source of a lot of these problems if we have free movement , and to balance out the cost of allowing that movement of people who are not economically productive . 
  i can sympathise with a borough , such as hackney , not having the resources nor knowing how to address the problem they face . 
   thanks conservatives !, 
  hackney is a labour council ... ( but do n't bother actually knowing anything about which party is doing what get in the way of your voting ! ), 
   this government 's actions are shocking . 
  you could read the article . 
  it 's the action of hackney , which is a labour majority . 
  not to say our current government is soft and fluffy , but this is n't them . 
  it 's difficult in london , we 've a lot of people who move to find their fortune , drawn here by the lures of the biggest city in europe . 
  we 've lots of homeless people who have no connection with the local area as a result . 
  in an area where i used to work , we had to get a private security company to accompany our office manager when she opened up , after she had been assaulted by a romanian , she was a polygloy and had tried to speak to him in his own tongue , this displeased him . 
  why is a young girl , employed by a small company , having to deal with the actions of someone who lives over a thousand miles away ? 
  plus what do you do with an alcoholic who refuses help ? 
  do you section them ? 
   while some programmers in investment banks it 's not just investment banks , it 's hedge funds , long onlys , etc too . 
  it 's a huge industry that applies an upwards pressure on talented programmers wages in certain ` enterprise friendly ' technologies ( ie no php ) . 
  from a quick look on glassdoor.com using engineer and developer to get around the countries naming conventions , san fransisco and london appear to have wages that are really quite similar based on todays currency london is slightly lower , but based on last years currency london is higher . 
  so i think my previous statement is backed up by that data . 
  if you have better data available , i 'd be genuinely interested to see it , as it 's kind of my job to try and keep aware of these things . 
  quality of life , housing costs and such are a much harder mix , people who have any health issues a complete crap shoot to compare . 
  but in my experience as a developer and now a cto , i would say it most certainly is n't wages that pull people to the valley , it 's more of the culture , the atmosphere how easy it is to meet people and make connections . 
  it 's the whole package , the lifestyle too .
