  i thought they had laws like that to prevent child sex tourism ? 
  but look at the upvotes it has . 
  why read the article ? 
  sadly bloomberg broadcasts are seldom put verbatim online , my another from my greatest hits was getting someone to say * big soapy tit wank * just as the guy 's broadcast was about to start , poor guy was trying not to laugh for his whole segment , whilst half the desk were making suitable gesticulations behind the camera . 
  i wish :( a few years back i had to go for a chat , the kind of chat without tea and biscuits with some hr drone because i 'd opened a photo of my gf in a hot spring in iceland wearing a two piece . 
  this was in the 3rd row of desks on some bloomberg broadcast segment . 
  some people take sensibilities too far , what if i 'm offended by such bullshit ? 
  either way because of this sad , boobies are indecent world we live in , we need warnings . 
  plus it makes me look a right weirdo when i open that in the pub . 
  nsfw warning would have been nice !, 
  not by a long shot , i personally think of the met as mostly useless but things are certainly not that bad . 
  what does ` lahe ' mean in that context ? 
  google gives me 6 meanings , none of them appear to explain it . 
   thats why people will pay to be in the book of remembrance since that is permanent seems odd that is n't a freebee with the cremation . 
  i think that someone who is a girl who would opt for a religion that treats girls so unfairly probably has a little bit of a screw loose . 
   also , the uk laws do not in any shape and form allow them to do what they did , official secrets or not . 
  citation needed . 
  the official secrets act is quite clear , and yes it was written for a pre-digital time . 
  you can not posses classified information . 
  people have this misconstrued idea that you need to sign the act ... you do n't it 's law , not a contract , signing it is mostly a symbolic act . 
  but remember that this destruction was done by the guardian willingly , you could suggest they did so because they felt no legal obligation too , but that , that 's just a bit off an odd thing for a paper to do . 
  why if it was n't for the actions they were doing possibly to be criminal , did they destroy that copy willingly . 
  unless you are suggesting it was a stunt by the guardian , that 's possible i guess , they certainly milked the hell out of it . 
  it 's likely they did so because they were in possession of information which legally they knew they were not allowed . 
  journalists are n't given cart blanch access to hold our top secret information because they hang around the right areas of islington . 
  you could argue it was fruitless to destroy a copy of information which they had overseas , but that is how law is , to badly paraphrase a roman whose name eludes me , * safe from crime but not safe from law * . 
  the fact is the ` gchq ' observers would have had little choice but to follow the rules , which included seeing the information destroyed even if there were other copies out of jurisdiction . 
  i 'm amazed how that was spun to people . 
  if you 've confidential information , that is subject to the official secrets act , and the government knows you 've got it . 
  you are not allowed it . 
  this is part of our law . 
  much the same that if you 've illegal content , you can be ordered to destroy it . 
  it is just the official secrets act moves a bit faster ... 
  polls have been putting this as a very close run thing . 
  changing the view of a few percentage points could easily change the outcome . 
  it 's almost like people need to be grown up and accept that some people did bad things and good things in their life . 
  it benefits no one to reject the good actions ... 
   multiculturalism many consider the word to promote the notion that all are equal , the problem is many cultures have ideals that are incongruent to my morals . 
  you can see great examples of this in the uk when the left exempts certain minority groups from criticism for say gender segregation at political events . 
  no most cultures have their less desirable bits and i dislike the notion that we should propagate all of them in whatever incarnations their adherents choose . 
  exactly , it 's not about the lives been worth ` less ' , it 's about the impact it will have in the future . 
  if they can reduce tourism , that will have a large impact . 
  do n't forget * london oxford international * ... 
  that sadly does sound like a way of having a few dozen very upset people attacking you . 
   fuel wo n't be getting cheaper [ * ahem * ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-35066242 ) granted that is likely a blip in an otherwise increasing trend , but the fact the brent sweet light is a 1/3rd of the price it was a couple of years ago is interesting . 
  you 've got to remember , what was it 71 % of them do n't care if he gets elected or not ? ... 
  when you are dealing with such fuckwitery , corbyn is the logical outcome . 
  they do n't care about actually helping people , they do n't care about the outcome at all , the only thing that matters is being morally virtuous . 
  that 's a very appropriate passage from the power broker for the whole ` momentum ' movement . 
  and yes , i saw that interview . 
  what the hell . 
  it demonstrates that there is no requirement for understanding the subject at hand in corbyn world . 
  which is fine by their supporters . 
  if someone does n't know anything about islamic culture and slags it off , they are an ignorant bigot . 
  if someone knows nothing about finance and slags it off * it 's all the banks fault for a trillion dollar bailout * . 
  it 's almost as if they are a bunch of nepotists !, 
  my favourite still has to be [ richard burgon ] ( https://twitter.com/eyespymp/status/674203930495229953 ) who almost every time he speaks reminds me of one of my late grandfathers favourite sayings ... * it 's better to be silent and thought a fool , than to open your mouth and remove all doubt * these guys where those twats in school who always had to have a country opinion to everyone else as part of their identity . 
  now they 've suddenly found themselves running their party . 
  it 's fucking terrible , we nearly had a doctors strike because of how they are fucking over the juniors , but we 've no credible opposition . 
  it 's going to let the more fringe elements of the tories run rampant !, 
  and the leader of our opposition supported some of them too !, 
  there is a legendary book called sled driver , it 's out of print but there are pdfs doing the rounds . 
  so thanks to a russian ex of mine , i 'd bribed ( 6 bottles of moderately good whiskey ) my way into having a chance to fly in a su-27 trainer . 
  maybe i 'm being harsh basing too much of my prejudice on that , but i was too tall anyway . 
  no problem , tomorrow we can use an l-39 ... 
  i decided against that too . 
  these all had two sets per pilot , in the l-39 they were most definitely not advanced at all . 
  maybe i assume that underinvestment is still the case . 
  i ca n't imagine these were top of the line su-24 . 
  i would n't be surprised if they had only one functioning com unit . 
  ah that 's interesting , i know nothing about navy stuff , but it 's obviously a lot more involved than the civilian stuff with frequency hopping and such . 
  outside of that world it 's normally one radio , one com box . 
  even when modern gps units like the g430 came out , it 's wired as multiple com boxes . 
  that unit looks to be a mixture of many frequencies for different things even satcom , so it 's really a big collection of radios . 
  oh indeed , we skirt theirs too . 
  now those spy planes on the other hand ... 
  but it does n't count when you are practically in space . 
  do n't know anything about the modern mill stuff , but the last 40 year old soviet bird i decided against having a joy ride in did n't have such luxury . 
  i 've not seen it in civilian avionics , always been a separate com box relying on the intercom panel to let you control which you tx and rx . 
  they will listen , they will note down the times of the warnings and the time of the first interception . 
  i 've heard our guys telling them they are getting close before , no reply , all ignored , normally followed with some form of statement after the bears have changed course . 
  hell someone who was bored one day jumped on afterwards and said something along the lines of * guys , if you are that desperate to see a typhoon tickets for farnborough air show are onsale now . * . 
  keeping it illegal to record atc ala liveatc i think lets us have more fun in the uk . 
   aircraft radios can monitor ( read only ) guard frequencies while tuned in to other frequencies err no , they do n't . 
  you put your second/third com box onto it and keep your mic set to com1 . 
  also you are not required to listen to 121.5 the whole time , but it is a good idea . 
  you might be getting information or similar that requires the other com box . 
  in some designated areas it becomes a requirement to be on guard . 
  yeah it reminds me of trying to get clearance on my active ga flight plan from chiang mai . 
  no idea what she was saying , thankfully someone translated . 
  how the hell that lady got her atc license i 've no idea . 
  subsequently i 've only ever flew round there with a safety who speaks thai . 
  frankly this kind of stinks from turkey , they wanted to shoot them down not because they were in their space , but because their mission was against someone they are aligned with . 
  i ca n't make any sense of the instructions which vor the radial was from as it appears to dictate that they are outside turkish airspace . 
  interestingly as well , against every `` unidentified aircraft '' i 've heard they did n't give the unidentified crafts heading or speed , just a radial to a vor ... 
  i assume the russians would just be on glonass and certainly not using the turkish nav aids for a bombing mission too . 
  this further angers me . 
  i originally assumed it was a sam operator who did this , i 'm saddened a pilot would behave in such a way to another . 
  * it 's just not cricket * . 
  it 's also not as if we do n't do the same ...
