   technically you ca n't order someone to change course until they entered your airspace since they 're legally not breaking any rules . 
  sure you can , everyone has their own rules of engagement , you can nurf someone the second they cross the line . 
  you just ca n't do anything if they do n't obey your order until they 've crossed the line , but you can shout and order as much as you wish . 
  what i find amazing about this , is which vor is this ? 
  some translations put something crazy that is n't on any of the charts , i assume it has to be gaziantep , now this looks to be at all times , with a bearing to it of between 000 \u00b0 and 030 \u00b0 and a distance of more than 22nm to be outside of their space ... 
  but then i 've only got skyvector to go on . 
  distance from tusyr waypoint outside of the space on that bearing is 18.6 nm . 
  yeah but the thing is that if you hear a transmission on guard , and you are being a bit close to the fir whilst engaging in a bombing mission , you can guess a lot of it . 
  the odd bit is they did n't warn that they would be shot . 
  they did n't intercept them in the classic way . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that this recording came from someone who was recording 121.5 which is quite a common pastime , someone at 19,000 ft with the wx conditions of that day would have probably had a much clearer reception . 
  i did n't realise that they shot down the russians with another jet . 
  i assumed it was ground site . 
  i think it 's much less excusable to fire on a jet from another jet when you can give them much more of a warning . 
  i 'm guessing they will be using something that can carry the [ krypton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kh-31 ) anti-radiation missiles . 
  ( which as an engineer i find fascinating as can be , they are kind of cool ) . 
  this could be a dangerous escalation , russian jet enters turkish airspace , gets fired on , missile now in syrian airspace , escort releases radiation seaking missile ... 
    oddly slow for those planes  not really , no . 
  indeed , that is n't slow . 
  i 'm amazed at the arm chair aviator 's here . 
  ok as someone who does n't even have a complex endorsement on their ppl , i know i know little about fast jets . 
  but these guys have such thrust they can call on , that ` stall speed ' is n't the same thing to a fighter jet as it is most planes , recovery from 19,000 ft is going to be a peice of piss . 
  we do n't know their loading , their configuration ... what speed do people think these things land at after all mach2 ? 
  plus people are suggesting that 17 seconds is a fair time . 
  come on , they should be listening to 121.5 on a com box , but it wo n't be the active . 
  it has to be switched too etc. 
  it 's also illegal to shoot at someone who has ejected . 
  but i 'm not sure the rebels give a crap about that . 
  interesting that the trace there does n't line up with the fir on the charts . 
  it depends on their altitude , and how they were hit the video makes it look like they had some thrust capability . 
  if they were operating at say 10,000 ft which puts you close enough for precision munition dropping but high enough to stay out of most things the rebels have , then let 's say he had a power on glide efficiency of 10:1 , obviously this is just a guess , an airliner is closer to 20:1 without power , but fighter are aerodynamically bricks with thrust . 
  now it 's kind of easy that they might travel over 20 miles with some favourable wind . 
  my weather subscription loses all detail past turkey , but it looks like there is a 35kt gusting 60kt showing that would take you out of turkish space . 
  these are hypothetical performance numbers , made up entirely just to illustrate that you can land far away from where you were shot down . 
  ah yes those ones are , the easiest way to tell is by the fading of the ` blue ' colour where it has been exposed to uv from the sunlight . 
  the ones in the photo are the ` modern ' kind of outdoor led signs , they have a lower resolution but much wider viewing angles and fair much better in sunlight too . 
   it 's fun and full of people i dunno , the first and last time i went to winter ~ ~ auschwitz ~ ~ wonderland it was n't really fun . 
  things were expensive even by london standards and it was just far , far too busy . 
  gave my ex a near panic attack due to so many people squeezed in , it was almost as bad as the northern line at rush hour . 
  a few fairy lights and fake snow around a wooden guard tower does n't make it feel like you are in a winter paradise !, 
  led signs are much better suited to the kind of environment you find on a train platform than lcd signs . 
  the wider viewing angle and ability to work in direct sunlight are major benefits . 
  you just want your shitty old led signs replaced with newer fancy led signs . 
  not lcd . 
  that 's an led sign in the photo ... 
  the feed-in tariff changes were interesting . 
  i spent ~ # 14k having top of the line panels put on my parents house , this was at the ~ 46p rate . 
  the installer mailshot me about my home , after the feedin dropped to ~ 30p , guess how much the exact same install would cost , just a few months later ? 
  yup , ~ # 9k . 
  subsidies can create strange effects , they can just make it more expensive all round . 
  which can easily be used to suggest that is what happened , or something is likely . 
  if does not usually mean `` pretend for a moment '' , hence the ambiguity which i clarified . 
  as no one knows what happened to mh370 it would not be beyond the realms of possibility to be a terror attack , even if pilot suicide is more likely . 
   the commanding officer on history channel but at the moment it 's simply too hot a topic . 
  i would have expected he 'd be stripped off any rank and put on the front line of some forlorn hope very swiftly after . 
  no point keeping someone around who is both incompetent and knows something you would rather hush up . 
   af447 i appreciate you might have been using it as just a recent aviation disaster , but that was pilot error / pitot static systems failure / complete breakdown of crm . 
  [ guns do n't kill people , rappers do !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxc8cbsopsw ), 
  we should ban islam and americans . 
  it 's the only sensible answer . 
  i wonder why they are even talking to the press so soon after . 
   it 's also not just about compliance . 
  it 's also about agreeing on standards , investment protections , and lowering tariffs . 
  or a big company invests a lot of money in preparing to do something , and another nation changes it 's mind for protectionist reasons . 
  the ` big company ' actually deserves some protection from that . 
  ttip can help enshrine certain rights that help protect them . 
   hong kong is n't on the list . 
  it used to be , this is the point i 've been making . 
  if you ca n't understand my english , ask for clarification . 
   gibraltar is included besides the spanish claim . 
  you ca n't be so obtuse . 
  which again is why i keep saying the list is not relevant , historically it 's not been relevant . 
  the purpose of it originally was to prevent exploitation . 
  do you think the uk exploits gibraltar ? 
   you 're a nationalist who would go at war with spain for gibraltar , you ca n't expect too much about yourself . 
  i would go to war with anyone who threatens our citizens . 
  but let 's be honest , the reason this is needed is because spain has tried ( and failed badly ) so many times before . 
   your original comment still is , at this very moment , false . 
  gibraltar is a colony ; ceuta and melilla are not . 
  but you can try to mess around all you want , though . 
  i 've never excepted that makes any difference . 
  you try to paint me as a nationalist for protecting people from an unwelcome aggressor ( think argentina and the falklands ) . 
  that 's not fair at all . 
  you can check my post history , i was against scotland leaving , but if they voted to do so , i 'd wave them goodbye and wish them good luck . 
  the problem is you do n't understand this . 
  you 've got one idea , one perspective and pretend that is all that matters . 
  how can you ignore the un mandates i mention ? 
  you do , yet complain that i ignore an ( historically proven to be ! ), 
  irrelevant list . 
  what do you say to the people in gibraltar who have lived there for many generations ? 
  do you really say , * fuck you guys * is that really your plan ? 
  you ignore two referendums by saying they are not legal , whilst ** ignoring the un law on the matter **, 
   hong kong was a former colony . 
  absolutely , and it was on the list you hold so precious , but then it was n't because china decided it did n't want it to be . 
  they requested its removal . 
  some of us who remember the handover of hong kong have friends who live there share some of their concerns about the way the chinese government rules it now . 
   what you said on your first comment is false . 
  your wishes ca n't alter the reality . 
  sure it can , if you 'd bothered to read the bbc news link , which is quite balanced , hell it lists the very argument and claims you make , you would see both sides have legal claims under the un framework .
