  [ reminds me of this ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mnvwjpmhue ), 
   they ca n't get a good life . 
  they are poor . 
  not that poor , it depends which part you are in . 
  but what about the serbian or slovenian on even less ? 
  are you saying the solution is to not let them have a job , but instead subsidise some frenchman instead ? 
  but i 've got this brilliant idea . 
  why do n't we set the minimum wage at # 100 per hour , that way everyone will be rich !, 
  solves everything !, 
  not any worse than subsidising , to compete , that money has to come from somewhere after all . 
  the cruelness of theses subsidies , ever been to some of the poorest countries in the world ? 
  they get these ( and not just french ) food exports at a lower price than their domestic market can compete . 
  in fact by providing economic growth opportunities to the poorer areas , they over time will see an increase . 
  i 'm not saying i would ever wish the working practices of a chinese factory on someone . 
  but they are so much better than 20 years ago . 
  the quality of life is improving , outside money has helped this . 
  margins ? 
  i thought you where saying that it 's an issue finding the 20 eur per hour . 
  that 's not a profit margin in the english accounting sense of the word . 
  i agree with closing down the mines . 
  i strongly disagree with how it happened . 
  i do n't think that is right to blame her for that in isolation as the unions ultimately forced the battle line . 
  i have a theory as to why she invokes such vile behaviour in people who claim to be moral . 
  because frankly a lot of these people dislike that many issues have no perfect solution , do not boil down to right and wrong . 
  so then why do they need such a generous subsidy ? 
  no it 's not an oversimplification at all . 
  if someone can have a good life in germany on 7eur per hour farming . 
  then let them . 
  we european tax payers should n't be farming inefficient lifestyles for french farmers . 
  you think farming is the only labour intensive area that struggles with large differences in minimum wage ? 
   you could say that she is dead . 
  that is a good thing about her . 
  amazing . 
  the hatred for thatcher is peculiar , mostly because people who claim to have the true moral authority on matters openly celebrate the death of someone , decades after she left power . 
  i disagree with many of her policies , agree with many others , but to celebrate death , when her actions live on mostly unchallenged . 
  i do n't think you are a good person at all . 
  i struggle to see how he can say this , when during the negotiation he forced an extension of the deadline to have a pointless ballot the result of which was ignored . 
  that is ** not ** how you behave if you wish to claim the moral ground in a negotiation . 
  you are aware of the cap right ? 
  it 's terribly unfair , it amounts to * we were rich first * . 
  you need to think about the kind of minds you are dealing with , my favourite quote in the article :  then they turned to the fire prevention system . 
  smoke now channels upward through chimneys , in accordance with the laws of physics . 
  they [ used to have electric fences ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-27239849 ) designed to stop rabies . 
  a problem is that these desperate migrants receive no help , no incentive to stay in france . 
  as we have to be human , we can not simply allow them to die trying to enter the tunnel . 
  so we have to cut power to the rails , stop the trains . 
  which is the tour price , if you where there for worship , it 's free . 
  it 's over 2m people that come as a tourist , the small churches will all let you in for free , but want to go to the most famous ones , for a purpose other than worship , they will charge . 
  if you wanted to go some place for free , why not visit some of the best museums in the world for free instead . 
   even for going into their churches one has to pay entrance fee well that 's not true , they are always trying to get more people going into them . 
  unless you mean a tour around the top of st. pauls , in which case it 's a bit like the vatican in that one can get away with charging . 
  london eye is essential , it keeps a large number of tourists out of the way . 
  if those dumb asses realised that they could spend half the price of their tickets on a bottle of something nice at the top of a tower twice the height of the eye , they would be getting in my way . 
  i also find it odd that people think there is only one ` victim ' in this kind of scenario . 
  i watched a man i used to know crumble emotionally , as after their second child , his wife stopped any sexual activities . 
  he started behaving in a manner that is very insecure , he also drank a bit much ( and i 'm a brit who thinks nothing of sinking 6 pints ) whilst wanting to do cocaine every night . 
  his wife refused to talk to a therapist about it . 
  he was caught up in staying together for the kids . 
  just because your views align with the far right , does not mean you should hide your valid views . 
  in the uk people ignored certain sexual gangs because they where of an ethnic group and people did n't want to appear racist . 
  this is the worst bit , without cutting the unfunded spending . 
  the situation will only get worse . 
  working very briefly in amsterdam made me hate my fellow countryman . 
  if i met a brit there , urgh . 
  utrecht on the other hand had no such issues . 
  not in something like the uk , where the cost of living in london is far greater than the cost of living in say cornwall . 
  looking at just say the 20th percentile as a result is n't really a good definition . 
  or like the minimal legal requirements for easa demand you mean ? 
  because i 'm assuming greece has been following those . 
   ever heard of metal fatigue ? 
  yes , but i have faith in the a&p lot to do their job well , as they have faith in me to do my flying the damn thing job . 
  i have flown a 83 year old plane , it flies just fine . 
  of course most of it is replaced over the years , but this is my point . 
  these fire fighting planes are a good design , so long as the maintenance crew do their job they will keep flying for many more years . 
  try not to compare them !, 
  one is a workhorse , pressurised short haul , making maybe 6 landings a day , every day . 
  the other , gets used mostly for pilots to keep their currency or type rating . 
   our planes are 50y old they are still some of the best ones to use . 
  just because the airframe is old , does n't mean it needs replacing . 
   airlines clearly were as dumb as me in not figuring out the threat here although i think they should have been more wise considering it was their job and all . 
  no it 's really their job is it . 
  they pay taxes , to countries which sign treaties , accords and conventions to state the use of their airspace . 
  when these authorities do n't issue notams then it 's a bit much to blame them . 
  a commercial jet will pass in range of maybe 100 different group controlled anti-air weapons on a long flight . 
  it 's the states who signed these acts that have the legal obligation to provide safe passage . 
  true the safety ultimately lands on the airline , but it 's not as if anyone in any authority was saying that the airspace was unsafe . 
  i 'm flying tomorrow , i 've checked all the notams , and i 'll check for updates just as i take off , but i am not to blame if someone launches an anti-air missile at me when i was following the rules and advisories of the authority controlling the space . 
  not really , at the time people did n't realise the rebels had the weapons to get that high , they also assumed that anyone who did , would notice a trip seven from a mil craft , not least because of the mode sierra transponder . 
  these jetways are normally considered to be sacrosanct . 
  only after the incident did we get notams !, 
  makes me proud to be a brit , two people arguing only to both apologise to each other . 
  sorry if off topic . 
   nevertheless i believe that it should be prosecuted . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't . 
  just that we must also take into account our own psychology and behaviour . 
  if we deny these traits exist , we shall be doomed to repeat history . 
   it was pretty much obvious that this ` work ' violated principles that are higher than a ` current ' law at that time . 
  but was it ? 
  what about the milgram experiments and the like ? 
  i worry we try to pretend that ` we ' are not evil , that it 's only ` other ' people who can do such evil things , rather than realising , 65 % of us would have probably gone along with it .
