  it 's ok , he is a peace envoy now . 
  * sigh * . 
   religious schools where a religion is actually taught as a lesson are a whole different matter , and appear to be an actual problem in the uk . 
  yet another reason [ tony blair ] ( http://www.secularism.org.uk/blog/2015/04/even-the-chief-architect-of-the-expansion-of-religious-schools-is-now-having-doubts ) gets my vote as worst uk prime ministor in living memory !, 
  i 'm sure his ` faith ' foundation is also doing lots of good ... 
  then how can countries which are far more sophisticated have open borders all the way to countries that are so inept ? 
  the problem is also the alternative . 
  in the uk after the last election there was the predictable * my team did n't win * riot and fuss because a left wing party did not win . 
  that 's nothing compared to how some feel about their religious inspired , tribe/regional leader . 
  they will be upset their team did n't win outright and they will pick up arms as protest . 
  this is why whilst [ some silly canadian girl was singing ] ( http://www.songfacts.com/detail.php?id=27202 ) about the brave democratic uprising , other people with a bit more pragmatism were wiping away the tears . 
  if you plan to take them to germany , you do it almost in secret . 
  you do not announce or confirm that you are axing dublin , otherwise you encourage more . 
  otherwise you could help hungry manage the processing of refugees , the filtering of economic migrants on their ground . 
  it 's a good candidate for dunning kruger style effects , my personal favourite is geospatial data . 
  the classic cancer from nuclear power plants jumps to mind . 
  to someone who is ignorant ( edit : lacking in education , not as in 80 iq ) it appears there is a correlation a pattern that must be explained by their theory . 
  they will run with that rather than realise the flaw is with them :(, 
  nope i remember and learn from my failures !, 
  the reason i use that term is before i 've had people , especially on the / r/uk sub tell me that simply i 'm wrong because they are on the second year of their economic degree ... a willful desire to block out the devil in the detail . 
  sadly that is the exact sort of shit i 'd have said ~ 10 years ago too . 
  when someone is excited , they do n't take kindly to someone making them think the details through , it 's incongruent to their emotional state . 
  there are also recognised cognitive dissonances , these slumps in which someone who is at best a lay person does n't understand enough to realise how little they know . 
  statistics are a brilliant example of this as we 've some helpful biological trait to try and see patterns where none exist !, 
   also last month eurostat announced that greece despite the economic crisis , shows the highest rise in food prices among the european union 's 28 member states . 
  that 's not overly surprising . 
  i remember reading a paper ( i ca n't find right now :( ) that was suggesting indicators such as pmi can be used to predict change in efficiency of production . 
  thus when their government resulted in people being scared production and even future imports would be reduced , as people would not be willing to risk investment . 
  you would n't want to be on the hook for some new farming equipment anymore than you would for a few shipping containers of baked beans . 
  so no investment , no pre-orders , efficiency decreases , prices rise . 
  i wonder if it was n't for the euro if greece would be in high inflation territory right now ... 
  yes , absolutely , as the ideas they have been exposed to are very different . 
  take my father for instance he will * tolerate * homosexuals but conflates them with pedophiles if they are near young adolescent boys . 
  he will oppose adoption . 
  that was after all the media narrative he was exposed too , not to mention for much of his formative years it was illegal , so if you are going to break one law , face social ostracism , you might as well another ... 
  so he has very different views that i do , having grown up in an environment where homosexuality was ( for the most part ) completely tolerated . 
  there will be some progress , it 's just i was putting some bathos in my pathos . 
  inasmuch as someone young might feel that the old people are anti-progress . 
  many young people are downright ` naively idealistic ' . 
  a nice way of saying very dangerously stupid , as they do n't realise how much learning they 've still to do . 
  going by my observations people tend to become more entrenched beyond a certain age , less open to any new ideas . 
  * you ca n't teach an old dog new tricks * but equally the younger people have this arrogance of thought when it comes to changing the entrenched systems , they 've yet to have their spirit crushed by failures , they do n't appreciate the complexity and often the reasons why something is how it is . 
  obviously i 'm in between those zones so radiate unbridled cromulence in everything i think . 
  but there are only 50 ~ people there according to the last census wikipedia has ? 
  ( am i being a bit daft and missing the joke ? ), 
  * edit : shit . 
  wow . 
   never going to happen . 
  but it does !, 
  just look at the very controversial crime stats by race / economic breakdown . 
  think of it this way , i see a small old granny in the street with the newest iphone . 
  why do n't i steal it ? 
  we could argue it 's because i 've morals or empathy , those are a product often of the environment , learning by example for most people , but it 's probably because i 've a great job , i earn good money have a nice lifestyle , i do n't need to rob to have the nice things , this lifestyle would be ended by committing such a crime if ever i was caught . 
  my fear is that by allowing weapons on both sides , it 's going to be more likely to let criminals commit more crime , than it will be for people to protect themselves . 
  i 'll use guns as an example !, 
  when i was in florida i joined a gun club , and i 'd go every other day . 
  my target shooting was ok . 
  i 'd get all my rounds in ring 1or2 at 90ft and all in 4 at 150ft , which was very good but not competition good . 
  i picked up a gun the exact model to the one i used to use after not firing a gun for 2 years . 
  it took about 10 rounds before i got something inside ring 4 at 90ft . 
  i 'm aware that despite a glock 18c being a brilliant bit of engineering and a great force equaliser it requires continuous training , something i ca n't be bothered with . 
  same is true with cs spray , i 've played about with this stuff before , i would n't have any idea how i 'd use it under stress , how i 'd use it against someone who had a spray already pointed at me i 've no idea . 
  i think we need to understand if the criminals who commit such crime do so just from opportunity or premeditation . 
  i 'd argue that many of the knife crime people do so from a culture of carrying a weapon for their * protection * which when opportunity permits it is used offensively . 
  if we let people carry cs legally , who would do so ? 
  what percentage of the criminal population would do so , vs the regular population ? 
  the ideal situation is of course me allowed to carry every weapon , and everyone else banned !, 
   the reality is they do anyway . 
  and the reality is people are victimised as a result . 
  those stats show it 's an incredibly low rate . 
  the question is , would increasing the number in circulation result in lower or higher crime ? 
  that 's a hard one to say as there are so many variables in it . 
   but good luck to them i guess . 
  no because the protection is people not doing it . 
  someone is far safer in london than they are in many places that allow concealed carry of firearms for example . 
  the best deterrent is ensuring that those in the society have something to loose , the desire to mug someone is then decreased . 
  i do n't understand the people who claim we need more weapons , that only works when the ` victim ' is always ready to fight , that is n't an environment i want to foster . 
  thankfully our policy makers agree . 
  i too have easy access to them . 
  the criminal and i alike are not allowed to carry them in london . 
  i think that is a better option . 
  for instance cs/pava can create problems for people with breathing issues such as asthma or even just allergic rhinitis , which i believe affects a growing sizable minority of the population now . 
  the way to keep our streets safe is not by increasing the weaponry . 
  as in my other comment i told you about a previous mugging attempt i 'm not a wimp , i 'm not a coward , i 'm calculating and premeditating . 
  i do n't want to ever call a place my home that i need to arm myself to go outside . 
  if i live in such a place it would be more than just cs spray i will carry . 
  instead i believe that criminalising all such weaponry is the best idea , if found the police can immediately remove that person from the streets . 
  think how much harder policing notting hill carnival would be if those people were allowed cs spray !, 
  with the background of all [ personal robberies decreasing ] ( https://www.police.uk/crime-prevention-advice/theft-and-robbery/ ) i hardly think allowing more people to carry weaponry is a good idea , nor is it needed , it 's demonstrably not whats reducing crime . 
  i 've had a similar experience . 
  it 's a reason why i do n't want improved access to better weaponry in my home city . 
  if i can buy it cheaper , so can they . 
  as it stands anyone with a knife can be arrested by the police , and even prosecuted with custodial sentence . 
  given how low our murder rates are , how low our theft from person with violence are . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem . 
  i also do n't like the idea of my home city being a place you need to ` arm ' yourself , giving me a weapon is n't the answer i want . 
  if it was , i 'd have stayed longer in the us . 
  you are absolutely right , sorry , i really phrased that wrong , i did n't mean it as an immutable truth . 
  something that still irks me a little is how i stopped an attempted mugging a few years back . 
  a kid , maybe 14 years old , directly threatened my life , i knocked him to the floor , using my dslr camera as a club , then tried to break his neck when he moved .
