  he climbs well before the bridge and the power pylons , and stays far right when the power pylons run along the left side of the road . 
  the uk bribery act 2010 , this created some concerns . 
  all of a sudden this big multinational i 'd consulted for could n't find a uk resident manager willing to be responsible for the operation in st. petersburg . 
  this reminds me of some of the cries people gave about rbs and compensation . 
  rbs was a troubled bank that was largely bailed out by the uk government , as a result populist press started to complain . 
  rather than recognise the good performing elements , that is those making a profit , from those that were making a loss , they press had a field day talking about high wages or bonuses . 
  as a result rbs could n't retain the key staff , people complained about the bonuses being paid , they were poached by competitors . 
  i ca n't imagine many people who have the demonstrable track record you want for running something like the efsf doing so for not much money . 
  if you want those people you have to pay . 
  it 's one of the reasons why the [ lcy flight stops in ireland . 
  ] ( http://civilianglobal.com/journeys/review-british-airways-club-world-review-london-to-new-york-london-city-london-heathrow-shannon/ ) doing your ` landing ' at shannon is much better than doing it in jfk . 
   and total objectors get 180 days that they can use their home playing playstation like other potatoes . 
  do the objectors get offered non-violent roles ? 
  medical training , no obligation to fire a weapon ? 
  only if we pretend that it was idealistic , 
   explaining the actual event is not a priority . 
  true , but when you see a video like that , one of the first questions i immediately have is how ? 
  how did this happen ? 
  this is because i 'm not exactly going to be any use in helping those people trapped or injured . 
  i 've also mixed feelings about the use of drones for filming , i hope that the operator was on frequency . 
  if any air ambulance or police helicopter wanted to operate in that area , and saw it , under the operating rules we have ( airport in the uk that has a couple based here ) those pilots would have to leave the area . 
  wow , can someone familiar with the situation ( or who can read the dutch new sources ) explain what is happening here ? 
  the crane on the right takes turns more , is that because they where trying to rotate the bridge piece ? 
  if you are having polonium slipped into your tea , i doubt any city is going to be a safe haven for you against putin . 
  i was making a glib remark about idealism triumphing over all realities . 
  from an outsiders perspective it appears that many greek voters are desperate for a solution , they are willing to buy in to anything that has the right sales pitch , regardless of how infeasible it might be . 
  it was n't just the whole * running out of other peoples money * . 
   so i do n't understand why the trojka side thought it should be pissed about it . 
  because it exceeded a deadline ... one that had been known and agreed for months . 
  actually , it 's sort of ok . pmi should be centred around 50 . 
  above 60 is a boom , below 40 is a bust . 
  are you honestly trying to say that having a referendum helped expedite such agreement ? 
  which happened because someone decided to have a referendum . 
  the deadline date had been known for some time . 
  clearly needs more socialism . 
  reduces capacity . 
  it 's probably just tired , maybe overworked ? 
  a holiday in the ukraine is all that it needs . 
  i 'm not atp , but i was under the impression that slipping in a larger craft was considered bad , due to comfort but mostly due to the correcting rudder requiring some opposite aileron , which now means you are lifting that wing slightly . 
  given that the trip 7 is boeing , rather than airbus , i 'd imagine they would let you enter a slip , a friend of mine has the type rating , i 'll ask him next weekend . 
  ultimately you 'd need a bit of systems intelligence to stop you entering a slip , rudder after all normally makes the craft bank a little in that direction , requiring opposing aileron to correct which is something the system would do on it 's own for small control inputs . 
  so only the fly by wire systems would be smart enough to stop you doing that , and frankly i ca n't see why they would . 
  it 's like the beanie baby craze all over again !, 
  i do n't know which incident we are talking about , my comment was in reply to this generally touted myth that planes are often landed with no fuel left , normally meaning 30 + min . 
  yes , fuckups happen . 
  but normally those fuckups result in everyone getting down safely with the better part of an hours fuel still in the tanks . 
  flying is still just about the safest mode of transport and also great fun  i think it was the economist who had the fun statistic that you could fly for 120,000 years before you would die in a plane crash , but you could only be on the train for 5,000 before you would die . 
  people see a cross wind and assume it 's dangerous , see a go-around think they will die etc. 
  that 's really not the case . 
  yes , but i would describe that event as a series of fuck ups !, 
  it is not remotely normal operation procedure for anyone to have enough fuel for only one attempt . 
   so you would n't applaud a pilot landing a plane fine in difficult weather like this absolutely not . 
  landings such as the one in the video are ` fun ' rather than difficult . 
  most people do n't appreciate what is a difficult landing . 
  a micro-burst , or wind that was perfectly gusting down the runway at 50kts suddenly dropping to 0kts , resulting in your kias dropping by that much , and your aoa now been a stall . 
  most people do n't notice that and the effort required to get a good go-around . 
  just last week i was pax on a lh flight who really messed up his approach , far too fast and as a result had to do a go around . 
  people applauded his landing afterwards . 
  way to really rub his nose in it !, 
  what always amazes me , is all this was elegantly written in stick & rudder by wolfgang langewiesche in 1944 . 
  flaps change the cordline . 
  that 's it . 
  changing the cord will affect drag , thus acting like a break for the same attitude , but this is not without consequences , some of which may not be wanted . 
  do n't , it 's fucking embarrassing and should only be used for when they 've fucked up ( ie missed approach because they were too fast ) . 
  you turn your aileron into the wind , it 's drummed into you from day when , even when you are taxing on the ground , aileron into the wind . 
  this means if a strong gust comes at a perfect 90 degree angle to you , it slams the nearside wing into the ground . 
  obviously if the pilot allowed that wing to generate lift then the plane could flip over , so we do n't let that happen . 
  when we approach a cross wind landing , we 've a choice , [ crab , decrab or slip . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crosswind_landing ) slip is more fun , but then the self loading freight complains , so de-crab is normally favoured due to the ability to keep more aileron into the wind . 
  now remember that the main gear ( not the nose gear ) are designed to be more than strong enough to strike the ground on their own ( but this may result in a service/inspection being required ) . 
  so so long as you 've got enough force on the wing , to prevent the windward one from rising up , then everything is safe . 
  worst case is the plane requiring some work afterwards . 
  what 's more common is pilots skidding off the runway afterwards because they are n't on the rudder enough !, 
   and another plane that had run out of fuel and could only attempt landing once . 
  errr , that situation can only happen ( legally ) after a series of fuck ups . 
  you have to carry a suitable amount of fuel for a reserve , this includes enough to go to a different airport should the destination be closed due to bad weather . 
  myself , i 'll never fly with less than 1 hour as a reserve . 
  the problem is that you want a nice big of open space to act as a safety zone . 
  putting an object that would be big enough to have any real effect would be problematic to say the least . 
  the better alternative is to design and build your airport where the winds are almost always in the same direction and add cross runways for when it 's not . 
  but for the most part , these things are fun . 
   have some compassion . 
  this is the crux of the matter . 
  you think i 'm not being compassionate by suggesting something is not feasible . 
  if the cost of having a minimum wage is that people ca n't afford to buy those products , then that 's a problem . 
  if by raising the wages , you end up hurting other people more , then that is a problem . 
  so you suggest solving that by subsidising one group . 
  subsidies have this terrible habit of advantaging only one group at the expense of others . 
  they also pervert the labour market . 
  i good give some good examples of uk subsidies that boggle my mind . 
  also , seriously , i grew up in cornwall , it 's all objective-1 eu there . 
   they are human beings , not animals . 
  they are the ones who grow your food for fuck 's sake . 
  so just to be very clear , you support not buying from say serbia , where wages are lower ( buying from there more would increase those wages ! ), 
  because someone should be subsidising french people to do the same work for 10 times the money ? 
  maybe i realise that most actions have consequences , externalities too . 
  maybe i think about those . 
  or you can just dismiss my points complete by saying i do n't have compassion because i fail to favour one group at the expense of the wider populous . 
  that 's a strange spelling of stilton . 
  but you are right , stilton is the only cheese better than stinking bishop .
