  as historical radicalism became absorbed in the development of political liberalism , in the later 19th century in both the united kingdom and continental europe the term radical came to denote a progressive liberal ideology . '', 
  you see : `` progressive liberal ideology '', 
  some polls even show fn at 24 % but in my opinion they wo n't come first . 
  fn voters are less likely to vote in eu elections . 
  they do n't like it but they do n't hate it enough to be motivated enough to go vote against it , and most of them are not even enough interested in politics to know that elections take place tomorrow . 
  the ump electorate is full of old and motivated people . 
  so i see ump first , fn second , ps third ( closer to 14-15 than 17 ) . 
  hollande , a communist ? 
  hahaha . 
  he 's not even a social-democrat . 
  hollande is a social-liberal , he 's the more centrist candidate the socialist party has ever presented . 
  napol\u00e9on was not elected . 
  he organized a coup in 1799 , proclaimed himself consul , and eventually emperor . 
  but napol\u00e9on iii was indeed elected , as president of the republic in 1848 , but he also organized a coup in 1851 , proclaimed himself emperor and kept power till 1870 . 
  well , the monarchy really returned and was opposed to the bonaparte . 
  during the restauration ( 1814-1815-1830 ) , with the bourbons ( louis xviii , charles x ) and the july monarchy ( 1830-1848 ) , with louis-philippe d'orl\u00e9ans . 
  louis-napol\u00e9on ( nephew of napoleon i ) was elected president of the republic in 1848 , organized a coup in 1851 and proclaimed himself emperor . 
  in 1870 he is defeated and captured during the war against prussia . 
  in paris the republicans mp take power and create a new republic . 
  everyone is good with that because napol\u00e9on iii was not very popular ( context of defeat ) . 
  republicans obviously want to end the empire , and monarchists ( very numerous ) want to organize the return of the kings . 
  elections are organized in 1871 : large victory of the conservatives ( monarchists , and a part of the bourgeoisie ) who opposed the pursuit of the war . 
  the monarchists are sure that french did not only vote for them to end the war , but also to reinstall the monarchy . 
  so , they chose a weak president and organize the return of the king . 
  problem : the monarchists are divided in two factions . 
  legitimists , who support the bourbon heir ( and a strong monarchy ) and orleanist , who support the d'orl\u00e9ans heir , and a more liberal monarchy . 
  they finally make a compromise : the bourbon will become king , and , as he had no child , the d'orl\u00e9ans would become the new king after his death . 
  new problem : the bourbon heir , henri d'artois , is very intransigeant . 
  he opposed the `` drapeau ( flag ) tricolore '' of the revolution and empire , and wants to use the white and gold lys flag of the monarchy . 
  huge opposition of other politicians and henri d'artois can not become king , as long as he would oppose the tricolore flag . 
  next problem : the monarchists are pissed but think that they only have to wait for henri d'artois death , and then would reinstall the d'orl\u00e9ans , who did n't give a shit about the flag . 
  but the opinion has shifted , the majority of the french now wants a true republic . 
  in the next election the republicans won the majority in the house , the monarchists became weaker and weaker , and so dit the hypothetical return of a king . 
  tl ; dr : france would have become a monarchy again if the potential king had accepted the flag of the revolution . 
  he did n't , public opinion changed , and the republicans won . 
  marie-antoinette never said `` let them eat brioche '' . 
  and france was a constitutional monarchy from 1791 to 1792 and from 1814-1815 to 1848 . 
  it did n't prevent revolutions . 
  most french people are n't aware of the situation , and many strasbourgeois too . 
  strasbourgeois that are aware generally want to keep the parliament , because it brings money , and participates to the identity and popularity of the city and do n't really care about the money , time and efficiency that is lost with the two parliaments . 
  personally i really like having the parliament here , i think it 's a good thing for strasbourg . 
  but honestly i know it 's a big problem for mep and eu employees and that objectively we 'd be better with one parliament . 
  yeah , i think all our dialects , at least in metropolitan france are endangered . 
  we ca n't do much about it unfortunately , those languages are quite useless and young people are rarely taught local dialects . 
  fortunately , thanks to our glorious efforts to use it for eurovision results , french will never die . 
  take that , germans !, 
  hey , this year we were n't the only ones to sing in our national language !, 
  italians and montenegrins sang in their language . 
  and slovenes , spaniards and poles sang partly in their language too . 
  we learn and speak english , just like everyone else in the world . 
  but french is one of the official language of eurovision contest , so i guess they use it because it 's simpler and they like to remind people that french is official too . 
  and do n't make generalization about things like the eurovision . 
  nobody gives a fuck about the eurovision in france , it makes poor ratings and we usually just find it kitsch and laughable . 
  and it certainly is n't representative of our views concerning french . 
  french people are very aware of the fact that french is not widely spoken . 
  you can hear very often in the media that we have poor results in language and that we need to improve , everyone knows it . 
  there might be some discussions about the `` invasion '' of english words in french , but you will never hear any public figure say that we must always speak in french with foreigners and do n't make any efforts . 
  ** france ** * the stranger * ( * l'\u00c9tranger * ) by albert camus arguably one of the most important piece of french literature of the 20th century . 
  it tells the story of meursault , a french living in colonized algeria , that seem to be constantly unaffected by the events and people surrounding him . 
  enterrement demain . 
  sentiments distingu\u00e9s . 
  in english : `` mother died today . 
  or , maybe , yesterday ; i ca n't be sure . 
  the telegram from the home says : your mother passed away . 
  funeral tomorrow . 
  deep sympathy . 
  which leaves the matter doubtful ; it could have been yesterday . '', 
  note that the english translation is sometimes criticized , but read it anyway , this book is incredibly powerful . 
  france : everybody 's depressed and complains about everything . 
  it 's been like that for centuries though , so we 're quite used to it now . 
  i would n't compare snails and frogs . 
  frogs is extremely uncommon , and most people have never eaten one , while snails , though not being an every-day meal , are not that rare and are frequent for special event , particularly in bourgogne and northern france . 
  and for our national meals i 'd say things like `` blanquette de veau '' , `` boeuf bourguignon '' , `` steak frites '' . 
  there 's also all the `` gastronomie '' stuff , but they are too expensive to be really available to the population . 
  the article is talking about `` humanities and social sciences '' , nobel prizes are not really about those fields ( except literature , perhaps ) . 
  actually it 's just * royal cheese * . 
  the article is about rugby ( 2015 world cup will soon start ) , not about football . 
   i more often speak spanish than english with them . 
  100 % of french children learn english ( very often as their first foreign language ) while it 's only like 20 % for spanish ( very often as their second foreign language ) . 
  now lots of french have bad english skills ( or feel insecure about speaking the language ) but i highly doubt that you 'll find so many people that are more fluent in spanish than in english . 
  they are neutral , and clearly not `` to the left of the ps '' . 
  they never write opinion papers or things to express political views . 
  all their articles are satirical articles about current events and politics with investigative journalism , and they target every party . 
  in france all universities are supposed to offer more or less the same courses with the same level . 
  generally people just go the university that is the closest , except if they want to study something very specific that is not proposed by their local university . 
  universities can not practice selection at bachelor level , except for dual-bachelors and some specific diplomas . 
  now , in practice , all universities are not on the same level , at least in some specific fields . 
  if the level and kind of licences ( bachelors ) they propose is very often the same , they do distinct themselves when it comes to masters degree as some are very demanded and very selective ( in specific domains of law for example ) . 
  so for example , a student may do his licence ( bachelor ) of law at the university of bordeaux and then try to get a place in a selective master in universities like paris ii panth\u00e9on-assas and paris i panth\u00e9on-sorbonne that are quite reputed in law . 
  there 's also the question of research , some universities tend to attract the best academics and are better ranked internationally . 
  ( upmc in hard sciences , paris i and paris iv in history for example ) . 
  now rankings are inconsistant , paris i ranks very well in qs rankings , while in the shanghai ranking the university of paris-sud or the university of strasbourg ( very good in biosciences ) do better . 
  but on a national level we do not rank our universities like american or british do , there might be some newspapers that ranks masters in specific domains ( like which universities offer the best masters in finance or law ) but rankings and fight for prestige is really something that concerns the grandes \u00c9coles , which are smaller schools that are very selective . 
  grandes \u00e9coles include business schools , engineering schools , institute of political sciences , the 4 ens ( \u00e9coles normale sup\u00e9rieure , they form the best professors ) and some other schools in specific domains . 
  business schools put a lot of efforts to be the best ranked and more reputed . 
  the best business school has consistently been hec ( and it has also been the best or second best in europe for years ) . 
  the best engineering school is polytechnique . 
  and the best in research in humanities , social sciences and hard science is the \u00c9cole normale sup\u00e9rieure ( especially the one in paris ) . 
  i 'd say that the ens is the more prestigious school : entrance exams are insane and the school have produced lots of fields medal recipients ( all french recipients but one ) and very reputed philosophers and historians . 
  actually the `` sorbonne '' does not exist anymore , at least not in continuity with one of 1257 .
