  i do n't even understand what party you are talking about . 
  udi is clearly center-right and is mainly composed of former associates groups of the ump . 
  modem was more centrist ( bayrou supported hollande in 2012 ) but today the party is in shambles ( almost non-existent ) and bayrou clearly supports jupp\u00e9 ( les r\u00e9publicains ) . 
  yeah but no one in france use eu to refer to the united states . 
  we generally use usa or , rarely , \u00c9-u . 
  what an original joke !, 
  except unions are incredibly weak in france compared to other european countries . 
  france has the smallest share of unionized workers in the western world , less than 5 % of workers in the private sector are unionized . 
  no , sarkozy had troubles with his wife before he was elected and it culminated during the campaign . 
  she left him soon after he was elected . 
  as far as we know he never cheated her . 
  he then met former top model and singer carla bruni , whom he married a few months later . 
  do you have a source for these numbers please ? 
  the party has `` socialist '' in its name , that does n't mean it enforces a socialist policy . 
  the party is center-left , social-democrat ( like psoe , spd , pd , etc. ), 
  and the government is widely considered to have largely betrayed their campaign promises to enforce an even more economically liberal policy . 
  imf and wto , not what you 'd call `` socialist '' organizations , had ps members as their leaders . 
  also , unions have traditionally been very weak in france compared to other countries ( 5 % of unionized workers in the private sector , one of the lowest rate in oecd countries ) and independent from political parties . 
  you 're making a confusion between names and ideologies . 
  the french government is social-democrat/social-liberal , very close to spanish psoe or german spd ( and danish social-democrats ) . 
  they 've had `` socialist '' in their name for decades but their ideology has evolved to be center-left . 
  it has nothing in common with the danish socialist party ( french equivalent would be the left front ) . 
   your countrymen yeah , because all french users of this sub behave like dclauzel ... 
  he 's the only one to do that , do n't generalize please . 
  not exactly true . 
  hollande and the ps were against the iraq war as well . 
  sarkozy , on the other hand , is reported to have been in favour of sending troops there at the time . 
  i 'm glad he was not yet president !, 
  fine , they could probably tell us what was chirac doing during his 12 years as president then , because nobody in france has any clue ... 
  http://www.terraeco.net/l-immigration-ne-fait-pas-beaucoup,47860.html according to this demographer fertility rate in france would be 1,85 or 1,9 without immigrants instead of 2 . 
  fertility rate among immigrants is far lower than most people think and tend to get closer to the fertility rate of french-born mothers . 
   massive amounts of immigrants 200 000 immigrants enter in france each year , it 's fewer than many countries in europe . 
  and not much compared to the 800 000 births per year . 
  `` in the southeastern french city of bordeaux '' http://www.floatingsuns.com/udayarya/where_is_bordeaux.jpg yeah , not exactly . 
  alsatian here , i would n't say that male never kiss male friends . 
  it 's clearly not as common as in the south , but it may happen between males of a certain age . 
  you wo n't often see two 20-year-old friends kiss each other , but you might see two 50-year-old friends kiss each other . 
  i 'd say men kiss each other only if they are close friends , whereas people in the south do it with all their friends . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm so tired of hearing this bullshit , the amount of people that does n't understand the difference between the money that is actually spent and the money that is redistributed is insane . 
  actually strikes are very limited these years . 
  and unions in france are amongst the weakest in europe , less than 5 % of workers in the private sector are unionized , and the total figure is around 6-7 % . 
  same in french : majorit\u00e9 , majorit\u00e9 absolue and majorit\u00e9 qualifi\u00e9e . 
  yes but with 2 turns , so that diminishes the distorsion a little bit . 
  but it still largely favors bipartisanism and there might be some proportional seats in the next election ( perhaps around 10 % of the seats ) . 
  however support for proportional elections is not very big in france because the legislative elections are held just after the presidential election , so the results tend to be similar and in the end the parliament is pretty much useless in france , the president of the republic has the real power . 
  and yet france has the second lowest rate of unionized people in europe with [ only 7,7 % ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=un_den ) ( and less than 5 % in the private sector ) of the workforce being unionized . 
  it shows you how strike are mainly organized by a very tiny proportion of workers . 
  it 's not a widespread phenomenom , it really concerns some public sector workers and some industrial workers . 
  you seem to believe that there is a sizable community of people that have alsatian as their primary language and only know french as a second language , like flemish people in brussels . 
  but it 's not the case , everyone in strasbourg have french as their mother tongue ( except if they are immigrants ) , you might find people that speaks alsatian but they clearly use it marginally and would n't call it their mother tongue since they use french to speak with everyone and do everything ( you ca n't do anything with alsatian , it 's an oral language ) . 
  the only places where you could find people that use alsatian on a daily basis and more often than french would be with very old people in small villages , so the situation is strasbourg has nothing in common with the situation of dutch-speakers in brussels . 
   both cities have probably an equal percentage of french speakers but in brussels case the rise of french has probably reached its maximum while strasbourg will continue to latinize and alsatian will continue to die out . 
  hahaha , 100 % of strasbourg speaks french . 
  people that speaks alsatian also speaks french . 
  also , most alsatian-speakers live in rural parts of alsace and are old people . 
  yeah , and i 'm alsatian and we do n't speak german here :(, 
  exactly the same thing with articles about france . 
  according to anglo-saxons newspapers , we 're all well-dressed people living in paris west bank , smoking cigarettes and conversing about existentialism all day or a third world country being destroyed by a bolshevik government . 
  i 'm from alsace and this is bullshit . 
  standard german is taught as a normal language ( along english , spanish , etc. ), 
  in * coll\u00e8ges * and * lyc\u00e9es * ( and also very lightly ( like 1 hour a week ) in * \u00e9coles primaires * , at least in some place ) . 
  and alsatian is taught as a regional language ( optionally ) . 
  oral alsatian is quite different from standard german , but it 's often written in a more common german . 
  no , the rafales made in india are part of another deal . 
  this deal is about 32 rafales made in france that india want to buy immediately . 
  til france is not an oecd country . 
   and yeah , because many industries with huge unions have had it good all along when the politics , whatever their party , try to do reforms the unions do massive strikes , blocking the country until the gov ' t shelves the proposed reform . 
  unions are very weak in france compared to other country . 
  actually [ france is one of the oecd country with the smallest percentage of unionized workers ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=un_den ) , far behind uk , us , germany , etc. 
   leek symbol leek is one of the symbol of wales , though arguably not the most important ( people rather think of the dragons or the feathers of the prince of wales ) . 
  but in french , the welsh national rugby team is nicknamed `` le xv du poireau '' ( the xv of the leek ) , just like the english team is nicknamed the `` xv de la rose '' ( the xv of the rose ) . 
  so i guess people tried to understand the origin of the leek being associated with the welsh rugby team . 
  well , compared to others `` what x think of europe '' ours is somewhat educated ( quite surprised that french people know that sweden refused euro and care about that ) and respectful . 
  nothing too offensive , stupid or strange , well done folks !, 
  i 'd really like to see a source for your numbers . 
   so the leading candidate is ` far-right leader marine le pen ' . 
  the telegraph article strangely does not talk about the most likely candidate of lr , alain jupp\u00e9 . 
  he is currently way ahead of sarkozy in every poll for the lr primaries , and in the general election he would be ahead of le pen ( 34 % vs 32 % ) according to the survey the telegraph is using . 
  cahuzac was actually minister of budget , not economy, 
  * you see , it 's still very unclear, 
  * you see , it 's still very unclear, 
  hmm , this explanation is thrown around a lot these days but nothing actually confirm it . 
  we have very little information on the intended meaning of this expression , your explanation is quite romantic but it 's very uncertain that it was the original meaning . 
  edit : look at the [ wiki page on la marseillaise ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_marseillaise ) it is clearly stated that historians do not agree on wether it 's about blood of the common people , the blood of the foreign enemies or the blood of all the enemies of the revolution . 
  you have to remember that it was a war song , written in an endangered part of france and in a short time , it 's note sure that rouget de lisle did really put a lot of thoughts about the real meaning of impure nor imply racist things by talking of the impure blood of their enemies . 
  an historian also argue that the notion of `` sang bleu '' ( higher blood from the * noblesse * ) did not exist yet back then so he could n't have mentioned it . 
  the left lost way more votes to abstention than to the fn . 
  i use facebook messenger a lot personally ( a lot more than sms actually ) . 
  i know people who use whatsapp but i 'd say it 's far less prevalent than facebook messenger here . 
  in france , university teachers also do research , but they are often published in the cnrs , and there are also a lot of researchers who work only for the cnrs . 
  so , do n't worry students are not disconnected from research . 
  it 's incredible to see how murder in france went from 1119 in 2002 to 430 in 2012 . 
  do you know why it decreased so much ? 
  they did . 
  and muslims were more favorable to their children marrying catholics than the global population was with their children marrying muslims . 
  63 % of muslims are favorable to their daughter marrying a catholic while only 44 % of the general population is favorable for their daughter marrying a muslim . 
  ( 71 % and 48 % for son marrying a catholic/muslim ) . 
  they were n't socialists per se but hated giscard and clearly supported mitterrand in 1981 ( and even had a strange attitude towards the khmer rouges ) . 
  and yes today i 'd say that le monde is on the left on social issues and somewhat pro-business .
