  it 's about vilnius and the regions that where polish during the interbellum . 
  patriotic in style but i would n't say it 's hostile towards lithuanians , belorussians or ukrainians . 
  it 's more about just keeping the heritage in mind . 
  there is a full 1-year course at the umcs in lublin if i 'm not mistaken . 
  tourists * , 
  wait , you mean 10k in krakow is ` quite ' good ? 
  i want to live in krakow after i finish my study here in the netherlands and my polish family always tells me 2k is the avarage salary . 
  i do n't expect myself to make much more than that so am i f * cked so to say ? 
  good to see that defence is not being cut on these times ( putin , trump , isis ) and that these units are for a big part domestic products . 
  i hope other eu countries will also try to meet the 2 % of gdp line that was set by nato so that we do n't have to constantly rely on the us to back us up , especially with trump and so that putin sees that the eu is also perfectly capable of defending itself even without the us if needed . 
  christmas is foremost a christian celebration so try to keep that in mind and try to respect it . 
  catholicism is very important for poles , because it has long been the only way we could express our polish nationality in times of occupation ( 1795-1918 , 1945-1989 ) . 
  i 'm just saying this based on your username so i dont know what your real opinion about the matter is of course  . 
  enjoy your stay and happy holidays !, 
  8695 and you should really buy the witcher 3 mate , 
  yes !, 
  lost +10 kg myself in since september and it was all due to my diet . 
  i go to the gym , but i never do cardio , just weightlifting to keep as much muscle as possible . 
  just look up on google what your daily kcal maintainance is and than just eat less than that , thats all !, 
  2 must haves are myfitnesspall to track those kcals and a kitchenscale for food that doesnt comes in serving size packages , this only sets you back a few dollars . 
  it 's really as simple as that !, 
  mate , i have lived in holland all my live and visit poland regularly and i can assure you that when it comes to appearences it 's a hard fact that polish woman are just better looking than their w-european counterparts . 
  after seeing video 's like the ` manspreading ' one from buzzfeed i 'm 100 % sure this a big factor . 
  i 'm all in for equal rights as it should be but some feminists have really lost their minds ... 
  yeah , she also really grabbed my attention in the clips , but was quite disappointed when i saw those tats and piercings . 
  make that even 3 million , no nation suffered as much because of ww2 as poland , evsn not the ussr as many claim . 
  my english is quite a bit better than my polish , bo nie jestem z polski ale z holandii ;p, 
  jezus mate , hitting that nail right on its head . 
  i live in holland myself and i \u00b4 m really no rascist but there is such a huge problem with turks, 
  maroccans etc. 
  even the 3rd generation born here still does not speak the language properly , don \u00b4 t intergrate because they live in their own neighbourhoods , and are verry criminal . 
  immigration on such a scale with non-westerners is just not possible . 
  thanks mate , will certainly begin those coumpounds . 
  will training muscles 2 times a week not compromise the rest though , or does 2 times a week really speed up muscle build ? 
  thanks , will check the wiki for one !, 
  thanks man , will beginning a ppl next week , did n't know earlier that 2 days rest is enough . 
  the diet is indeed the foiundation of it all , gave me the best results . 
  why is that ? 
  could you tell us a bit more about your diet and what training program you used ? 
  nice gains btw !, 
  thansk for the advice . 
  the cables are hard to implement because we have only 1 of them at the gym and there 's always a line to use it , but i have switched the shrugs to the pull day !, 
  will get some lunges in there , thanks !, 
  first time squatting . 
  i have no weights because i feel like i would fall backwards , it 's even hard for me to do the ` third world squat for more than a few seconds ( maybe because i 'm quite high ? 
  ( 190cm/6 `` 3 , 85kg , 21y ) ) what can i do to improve this ? 
  aah thanks mate , did n't even know it excisted , done now !, 
  thanks mate , will get that sorted out !, 
  thanks mate !, 
  what , your iphone * froze * ? 
  i was in krakow 2 weeks ago with -20 degrees celsius but i never heard something like that :p, 
  pijalnia w\u00f3dki i piwa is nice for drinking , everything is 1 eur and all food is 2 eur , it can be crowded on some evenings but the price is worth it . 
  definitely would recommend the warsaw rising museum , lift to the top of the palace of culture and science and the \u0142azienki park . 
  have fun !, 
  wheather permitting you could rent a bike and go to the tyniec monastery and youi could visit the nowa huta neighborhood if you 're interested in the communist past . 
  history is irrelevant ? 
  i think that history is what has ultimately made us as we are , our biggest accomplishments like landing on the moon and our biggest lows like the 2nd world war . 
  and this is especially the case with the polish people/nation . 
  history is to teach us who we are , where we from and to let us learn from our mistakes so we wo n't make them again . 
  many of the worlds conflicts can be easily understood if you even briefly look at the history of the people involved and is thus very important when wanting to come with a solution . 
  that 's just little boy being dropped in hiroshima, 
  success !, 
  i 'm also of polish descent and grew up in the netherlands i will be leaving for poland in a year . 
  do n't let yourself get down by negative stories of poles , whining is a national sport in poland  just try it , otherwise you will wonder ` what-if ' for the rest of your life . 
  come to poland and see for yourself , 
  youtube link ( lower quality ) it 's a official movie called ` powstanie warszawskie ' from 2014 . 
  more info about the biggest resistance operation of ww2 and its huge effects on the post-war climate in europe : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_uprising, 
  i 'm in !, 
  `` eastern europe is the russian sphere of influence , period . '', 
  nobody there wants their influence . 
  they have had 45 years of it after ww2 . 
  why should russia have influence in those countries , because russia borders them ? 
  not russia nor the us ` should have ' countries that are in their sphere of influence . 
  those countries are independent nations who should decide themselves who they want to align with . 
  no nation , how big it may be , is entitled to a ` sphere of influence ' . 
  they should respect the integrity of other sovereign nations like every other, 
  could you explain ? 
  too much , too low ? 
  edited to show my routine, 
  160 gram a day, 
  thanks . 
  1900 kcals because i mostly see the advice to cut to around 10-12 % body fat and to start the bulk from there so you wont get fat . 
  i try to cut a little bit till the summer vacation and start my bulk during the summer . 
  i eat 160 gram protein a day and have edited my post to show routine . 
  i will probably switch to the reddit ppl one once i start my bulk, 
  ai n't real, 
  does this downtime affect my 3 day xp boost ? 
  when it comes to value for protein , protein powder from a cheap site like myprotein has the best value . 
  other than that eggs , chicken breast and peanut butter are loaded with protein . 
  try to buy in bulk if you can . 
  your biggest priority will be the language . 
  this will be your base from which your knowledge about history or current news will grow . 
  besides that language is very important for national identity because of it being banned during the 125 years occupation , making poles ` proud ' they can finally speak it without repercussion . 
  it 's not like the us where language has no ties with the national identity ; poland is a country based on ethnicity and thus also language . 
  america is multicultural and more based on ideals and such . 
  learning the language will be hard but it 's doable ; i study the language at my university so i talk from experience  focus on basic vocabulary , cases , conjugation and try to get your head around the concept of ` grammatical aspect ' . 
  good luck !, 
  good luck , mate !, 
  do n't let yourself get down by negative comments . 
  you live just once , make the most out of it !,
