  are you polish ? 
  i 'm against same-sex marriage myself , does this make me a damn medieval clerg ? 
  it 's all just a matter of opinion . 
  please stop saying that people who are against it live in some kind of backwards 18th century state of mind : /, 
  because we conservatives are xenophobic nazis who are blocking the world in its path to the ` perfect world ' ? 
  because she is anti- same-sex marriage ? 
  its a damn disgrace how people on the left attack those who hold other believes than themselfs , just the thing they acuse them of themselfs ... 
  if you see marriage as something between a man and a woman and/or in a religious perspective i think it 's not as strange . 
  maybe you could keep in mind not everyone here is from the usa and speaks perfect english ... 
  and if it 's muslims living in poland that 's the problem , then that 's just stupid bigotry, 
  i live in holland an can assure you that its not terroriat being the biggest problem but the different cultures that do n't mix and create huge gaps between people in society . 
  more than half of al maroccans have been in contact with the police before the age of 18 and non-western immigrants are very overpopulated in crime stats , something even the most left dutchman will admit . 
  this clash of cultures has created huge gaps and made society polarised . 
  my school was very multi ethnic and all friend groups where always based on ethnicity because its human nature to hang out woth those who we share the most values with . 
  its this immense tension and polarisation which inevitably comes with mass migration from other cultures thats the real problem . 
  krakow , our cultural and historical centre . 
  loads 5o do in the city and in its vicinity ( wieliczka salt mine , auschwitz , trip to zakopane ajd much more ! ), 
  the whole demographic decline worries me , i hope it wo n't be that bad : /, 
  i 'm half polish myself and visit the country often , wanting to live there permanently after i finish my studies . 
  please learn him the language !, 
  it 's truly crucial and makes things so much better . 
  it 's a pain to learn at an later age , trust my personal experience . 
  but other than that he will most likely be accepted with open arms . 
  that \u00b4 s it . 
  we are not so catholic because we are so enourmous religious , it \u00b4 s just very much tied to our national identity . 
  a pole is almost by definition a catholic . 
  history is to this day very important in everyday life . 
  on the contrary , recently it was shown that dutch christians earn more , and are happier that their atheist or other religious countrymen . 
  the red/neck christian is mostly something from in-land us, 
  you also have to remember reddit is barely used in poland and the polish user are generally quite liberal/progressive compared to most poles . 
  thos from r/thedonald do give you better insight into the minds of ` normal ' poles instead of the ` reddit ' poles to describe it . 
  hi , are you maybe polish , i can hear a slight accent , 
  fot those interested here are some more links :, 
  i have lived in the netherlands all my life and no way you can ` just save 50-100k in two years ' 95 % of poles work in agriculture where they get paid the bare minimum or sometimes even less . 
  besides living expenses are also far greater than those in poland . 
  poles probably earn ~ 1400 eur . 
  a month in the netherlands . 
  even if you live verry frugal ( living with others in 1 room and nothing more than the real basics ) you will only be able to save maybe a few hundred at most . 
  i really do n't get why most poles think they will immediately be offered a 5k/month job when crossing the border . 
  even with a degree it ; s hard for poles . 
  avarage dutch salary is around ` 1900 eur so 50-100k is impossible for 95 % of the dutch , let alone for poles . 
  most poles i know who came here want to return or allready have because it became clear that this is not ` the promised land ', 
  what you are expecting is something that coulb maybe be done by a dutch couple , both with degrees and no children . 
  as i said most poles work in agriculture for ~ 6 eur/hour . 
  but even with degrees you have less change because of language barriers ( dutch and english almost always required ) or the ` polish stigma ' . 
  i 'm not saying they should n't do it , if 1000 pln is a lot of money for you than maybe it could be profitable to work for ~ 2 years in ` holland , but just do n't expect to save tens of thousands . 
  it 's from belgium and unfortunately staged :(, 
  what are your bulk kcals ? 
  and what programs where you mainly using ? 
  maybe you prefer socialism ? 
  as a pole i can assure you that my countrymen have had enough of that to know which one is better . 
  not saying shit like this video is acceptable . 
  it 's just that there wo n't be any alternatives that could suddenly change all this . 
  beautifull country , nature people and culture . 
  i 'm migrating to poland next year . 
  and i 'm doing this from holland so no financial reasons whatsoever . 
  plus it 's a nice bonus that i wo n't be harrased anymore by my muslim ` countrymen ' when i walk through their neighbourhood, 
  i 'm a european without a strong opinion about us politics ( as long as they keep the russians behind their borders ) but the amount of anti-trump shit is just frustrating . 
  it 's in every sub and reddit is comming off like a little child unhappy it did n't got what it wanted . 
  both sides should just stfu and accept the situation or deal with it on a more balanced/mature manner . 
  everyday it 's the same shit on the front-page ... 
  you may feel smaller but you actually look bigger / more muscular because of thw more defined muscles, 
  maybe if we europeans would n't neglect our own military as much the us would n't have to guarantee our safety . 
  only poland , greece , estonia and the uk meet the nato 2 % . 
  almost all others spent less than 1.5 percent of their gdp . 
  because of this we are still afraid of russia even though we have the biggest economy in the word ( eu total ) and a population of more than 500 million ... 
  can anyone recommend me any good monitors in this price range ? 
  i do n't necessarily need the best response time or things like that . 
  ips would be nice though . 
  so i 'll be building my own pc for the verry firs time and i have a question . 
  i got win 8.1 as a download and i want to install it on my new pc . 
  how should i do this ? 
  should i copy the . iso file on a usb ( what kind of usb ? ) ? . 
  my new pc does n't have optical drive so burning it on a cd wo n't help . 
  i got a hdd and a ssd in the pc i want win to be installed on the ssd . 
  thanks in advance . 
  so i wanted to try out the new wooden bow , but when left clicking it 's not loading one of the arrows i made . 
  what is going on ? 
  i see everyone else on youtube having no problems at all , am i using a wrong key or is it something else ? 
  i 'm at day 5 and till now , every night a horde walks passes my house and breaks in , while hordes that come in day time just walk by and do nothing . 
  do the hordes ` sense ' me because i got candles lighted , or is it something else ? 
  so since alpha 11 it seems like * every night * i get a horde or a bunch of zombies attacking my house . 
  they know that i am in here although i am not sensed . 
  why is this ? 
  it 's super frustrating and i 've allready begun several new games with houses in city 's and in the middle of nowhere . 
  still every night it gets attacked by angry zombies who just know that i am in it even if i just sit in a corner doing nothing ... is this a bug or are zombies just always attracted to me whether i am sensed or not ? 
  so i 've just installed the game and have played for around 3 hours . 
  i 'm * totally * new to the gta games . 
  is there some kind of quick guide or overview to what exactly the ` purpose ' of the game is and how things like earning money etc. 
  work ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  so i 'm completely new to gta , i 've never played a gta game in my life . 
  is there a guide or something like that that explains me some of the game mechanics ? 
  i would for example like to know whether a car that i stole from the street is really mine and if i can sell it , etc. 
  thanks in advance !, 
  so i 'll be visiting gdansk this summer and i would really like to visit some military places of interest . 
  are there any military ships to see and musea etc. 
  that i can visit around the area of gdansk ? 
  i 'm no russian spy , 
  i 'm trying to learn a bit about polish politics and would be interested whether you guys could point out what each party 's main ideologies are and whether you could tell me what guys personally think are positive and negative points of both parties .
