  i know that poles can whine about everything * especially * politics so i am normally only getting biased information from people who just truly hate or just worship certain politicians , 
  you should definitely go to the bialowieza forest and rent a room in a rural village / small town . 
  it 's not viable for these 5 days but maybe next year . 
  it 's so unbelievably calming and absolutely stunning . 
  you 'll come in contact with some very old polish traditions and some of the most beautiful nature in the world , including the wisent !, 
  this village would be a perfect rural location and has many rooms for rent , 
  bus , definately !, 
  train takes ages . 
  there are many different firms and private buses going every few minutes . 
  i would personally recommend to buy your tickets one day in advance at the ticket office at the bus station , right next to the train station.i usually go with the firm szwagropol , here 's their time table : http://www.ezakopane.pl/zakopane.php?info=prywatne, 
  in the first table you can see their hours ( the other tables are other firms ) ` odjazd ' means the city from which you depart . 
  so krakow to zakopane is the darker blue part of the time table . 
  i would strongly recommend to take the bus of 6:40 . 
  you could also take the one 7:40 * but absolutely no later !, 
  * , even 7:40 is a bit on the late side  you can see that the last bus from zakopane departs at 20:50 but i would recommend taking the one at 20:15 because the last buses are always packed . 
  so the summarize : ** go to the ticket office at the bus station ( next to the train station ) one day before departure . 
  there you buy a ticket for szwagropol bus to zakopane . 
  departure at 6:40 or 7:40 and a return to krakow at 20:15 ** but feel free to take another firm or time , 
  in zakopane you should definitely go up guba\u0142\u00f3wka mountain with the train . 
  gives you a super view of zakopane and the tatra 's . 
  when you come back for a second time ( because you certainly will ) you should visit ` morskie oko ' lake , named one of the five most beautiful lakes by forbes . 
  besides that you should climb mount ` giewont ' or go up ` kasprow wierch ' with the cable line . 
  i do not live there , but there 's a cave just outside prague , czech republic that could hold * enormous * amounts of gold , art and even a ( not completed ) nuclear bomb . 
  jewish prisoners who worked there have seen the the nazi 's bringing in huge amounts of equipment and other things before they blew the cave up . 
  some entrances are still open but you wo n't get far before being obstructed by the debris . 
  keep in mind that until ww1 czechoslovakia was the only know source of uranium in the world . 
  poland is also still full of undiscovered underground places which probably hold enormous amounts of gold , art etc. 
  just like the legendary ` gold train ' they recently found . 
  just shows that even old legends can be true . 
  another thing i want to mention is that some nazi 's claimed they conducted research on the subject of immortality ( ` nazi zombies ' so to say ) in which they allegedly had some kinds of success , but no one ever wanted to elaborate on this . 
  the program was probably started in 1941 and ended in 1943 due too the situation on the eastern front . 
  i did n't even know we had palm trees :d, 
  and still in poland we are not getting shot and less than 0.1 % of the population is immigrant . 
  just wait , in 10 years time we will get millions of people from western europe fleeing from their own country because of islam . 
  i do n't have anything against islam as a religion but i can tell you from experience that most conflicts come from differences in ethnicity/religion/culture , just look at the current conflicts 90 % has to do with ethnicity and not things like political ideals or resources . 
  different cultures being mixed creates polarisation , as simple as that . 
  the horns would indeed be unpractical but this does n't mean they did n't wear them at all . 
  for example , polish winged hussars had winged helmets : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/44/98/b9/4498b9c18b87bf10a412fd2cbce86546.jpg which look cool and and all but also not very practical, 
  grozny , could you explain ? 
  i 've almost no knowledge on the war there . 
  what happened with those tanks , what did they do ? 
  thank you so much man !, 
  really interesting read . 
  i have always wondered what the future for tanks would be . 
  rpg 's and ieds are cheap and can be massed produced and used without training while stingers and other more advanced equipment can take out even the most modern tanks , but on the other hand the tank fulfills a role that just ca n't be done by other vehicles or equipment . 
  some countries , for example in western europe are reducing their amount of tanks and are focussing more and more on lighter and more mobile platforms while countries like russia ( armata ) , poland ( pl-01 ) and china are even producing new types of tanks . 
  i think that the more wars will be fought against loose organisations ( terrorists etc. 
  ) and not between big entities the less tanks will be used . 
  still i think and hope that they will still be in service in mostly the bigger armed forces for a long time to come . 
  thanks mate !, 
  sounds really cool , love the fact that it 's a futuristic 1950 's . 
  will try to buy new vegas or fallout 3 . loved the trailers for the new fallout so i 'm very much looking forward to the game , 
  exactly nailing it on the head there . 
  i iron my socks and underwear , i really thought that that is just a common thing to do . 
  am i seriously so strange ? 
  please do n't come here and think that is the case . 
  yes weed is ` tolerated ' and prostitution is legal but you would n't believe how many foreigners get arrested or even lose their lives because they think everything is legal in amsterdam . 
  besides the weed , which is technically not even legal , and some soft pills there are now other drugs legal . 
  some months ago 5 young tourists died and many more became very sick because they bought white heroine thinking it was cocaine ... 
  so please be aware of that , 
  ` pijanlnia wodki i piwa ' is the perfect bar for in the evening , every drink is 1 euro/4pln . 
  they have bars in every major city . 
  check out the local ` milk bars ( bar mleczne ) ' for good food and low prices , do n't expect luxury though , 
  in krakow i would recommend ` pod wawelem ' good prices , big portions of good food and great atmosphere . 
  they also have a restaurant in the cloth hall right on the center of the main square . 
  otherwise you should check out the smaller streets around the old town . 
  good luck and have fun !, 
  same director as miasto 44 and one of the best movies of the warsaw uprising . 
  all original footage , colored and audio added . 
  sometimes hard to believe you are actually watching real footage of the uprising . 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with politics . 
  yeah the number of 2-3000 was what i think i will earn once i am am a fair bit older and maybe have a family or something . 
  believe it or not but i study slavic languages and cultures with polish as the main language . 
  i know that it sounds like poor choice but i really did n't want to study something like economics or chemistry because it would earn me a lot of money . 
  i wanted to study something that interests and motivates me to study it . 
  so yeah ... no fancy it jobs that will earn me big money i 'm afraid . 
  it 's 100 % certain that it will be krak\u00f3w though . 
  all my family lives there and i really love the city and the fact that it lies close to the mountains . 
  warsaw is also a beautiful city but krak\u00f3w is where i really feel at home . 
  i plan on moving to poland as soon as i finish my study ( 4 years ) . 
  i have no real profession that i aspire to become . 
  i would be open to try many kind of jabs as long as it could pay for a modest living style . 
  i really hope their will be some opportunities for my field of study , or maybe that i can do something my with my dutch language ... 
  it can really make me nervous to think about things like these . 
  have you found any luck after finishing the study ? 
  currently only dutch but my mom is polish so citizenship would n't be too big of a problem ( plus it 's eu ) . 
  i will certainly follow the situation closely . 
  fantastic website btw , been in krakow more than 30 times but never had i been to the plac ibramowski till i saw it on your site , 
  thanks for the in depth advice . 
  i live in the netherlands and go to poland 3 times a year by bus ( 100 eur ) so i 'm already quite familiar with traveling between the two countries . 
  it 's nice to see that dutch is in such a high demand . 
  i do n't think there will be many other people there that speak mother tongue dutch . 
  the winter weather is actually a delight for me  i rather have a real winter than cloudy wet weather and 18 degrees throughout the whole year . 
  thanks , 
  my penis wields extraordinary powers that will conquer modern civilization . 
  what ? 
  that 's total bullcrap . 
  i 'm also not born in poland , do not live in poland currently ( although this will chage when i finish my study ) and do n't speak fluently ( but i 'm studying polish right now ) . 
  my mother is polish and my father is dutch and i 've been born in holland . 
  still i deeply consider myself to be polish and not dutch .
