  when i 'm in holland it 's not uncommon to see woman go to the grocery store with their training suit or something comparable . 
  in poland however , even a trip to the grocery store is something to put your make-up on for . 
  it 's just more important to look good on every occasion than in western-europe . 
  besides that woman are also far more ` woman-like ' so to say . 
  clothing and accessories are just more womanly than in western-europe . 
  i spend much time in holland and poland alike so i can really tell . 
  and i can also tell you that while in some big cities in holland almost 50 % of woman dress quite ` trashy ' ( think chav-like ) , woman in poland dress far more elegant . 
  hmm , they numbers for poland seem quite low . 
  i hope it will be easier to get them up, 
  no you wont :d, 
  such is life, 
  is there some kind of space where they sat during lift off or where they just hanging on to the plane for dear life ? 
  poland fought enough wars to know who to let in their country . 
  poland is not yet lost !, 
  more about the soldier bear :, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wojtek_ ( bear ), 
  and here is a small animated video about him :, 
  yeah i saw it on the news , looks really cool !, 
  poland 1936 , build up that industry and fortify my western border . 
  i will ally myself with france and the uk and i will befriend the baltics through my national focus . 
  i keep building my armies till the nazi 's attack and after resisting their initial attack i will destroy them with my allies . 
  after hitler is dealt with i will build my intermarum empire by annexing my baltic friends and the balkans . 
  after that i can start my holy crusade against the bolsjewik scum :d, 
  and take revenge on the spanish ofc , 
  yeah , nice going mate . 
  insulting people because of their beliefs . 
  you 're doing exactly the same thing that radical religious people do , making you no better ... 
  5500 pln gross is normal for an entry level job ? 
  i 'm not living in poland but i would like to when i finish my studies . 
  why is it that people always tell me that i must prepare myself to earn about 2000 pln gross if i 'm lucky , are they just exaggerating ? 
  poland, 
  build up industry and army like crazy till 39 . sp 39 hang on till the frenchies and english put some pressure on mr kraut so i can counter-attack . 
  after hitler is dealt with i annex central europe and prepare to take moscow :d, 
  well , does n't seem so strange they refused access as the soviets tried to bring their revolution to poland just 20 years earlier and ` succeeded ' in ' 45 . . 
  poland - firstly turn krautland into my own backyard and than i can destroy the bolwjewik scum so i can use kazachstan for my spaceprogram and destroy the meme once and for all . 
  poland 1936 , kill of the nazi 's and than prpare my crusade against the bolsjewiks !, 
  sure , the poster says : `` strong , united , ready war bond for the air force '' . 
  here are some ww2 [ posters ] ( https://imgur.com/a/66ult ) and [ here ] ( https://imgur.com/a/yuif7 ) are some from the 1920 war with the bolsjewiks . 
  you could say that [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/sg8nyoq ) is me , 
  everybody will get the free polish dlc when they buy the game ( does n't need to be pre-order ) here is their blog about it : https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/hearts-of-iron-iv-development-diary-57-poland-united-and-ready.935191/, 
  i think it has to do with the partisan activity in the region, 
  jeez mate , congratz with the view . 
  many would kill to have a view like that :p, 
  build maybe 3 civ factories and from then on only military . 
  train as much inf div as possible and forget about navy/air/armor . 
  i firstly go after the extra research slot and when i get that i aim to get polish revanchism asap ( after this you should try to get the focuses that give you defenses in silesia and danzig , they will finish just in time for war ) . 
  this enables me to conquer the 3 baltic states at the same time before the allies can guarantee them . 
  in the mean time you should 've also improved relations 1 time with the uk , fr and ussr . 
  when it comes to production you only produce inf eq and supp . 
  you can try go through the first 3 years on fast speed because not much will happen besides conquering the baltics . 
  once the war will be not far away ( spring 39 ) you should 've 3 armies : 1st army of ~ 15 divions around prussia , 2nd army of ~ 20 divisions on the slovak-hungarian-romanian border ( the hungarians tend to join the war and romania can sometimes also join in later on , but the main focus is slovakia so keep your mountaineers in this army . ), 
  and a 3rd ( main ) army of around ~ 100 div if possible but can even be something like 85 , stationed on the german border . 
  once shit hits the fan you pause the game and immediately turn to war economy !, 
  you also let the prussian army take prussia immediately and let them join the german army after they are finished . 
  you should try to let the german kill themself by letting them attack your dug in divisions and forts ( keep an eye out on poznan !, 
  the city may not fall ) . 
  after a bit you should let them attack the german front to the first line of rivers and than to berlin ( the north tends to be their weak point ) . 
  meanwhile the slovak army should not be moved , the mountainous region is a though nut to crack so try to deal with germany first . 
  after germany is finished you can take on slovakia/hungary ( maybe earlier if you see the oppertunity ), 
  try to improve relations with the soviets in the meantime , a back stab from them can be lethal ( although the tend to send their soldiers to the german front if the declare war instead of attacking your exposed east side . 
  i think that joining the allied faction can piss them off so i usually avoid it till i killed the nazi 's or just make my own faction , but try to do it when you can handle the soviets because it pisses them off . 
  good luck and for more info you can ask away , 
  born and raised in the hague , netherlands . 
  my mother is polish though and i went to polish school when i was young . 
  i know study polish language and culture at the university in amsterdam and my dream in life is to live in krakow , the city where my family is from ;p . i plan on leaving after i graduate , salaries are lower but that wo n't stop me . 
  i 've never been in mazuria though but it 's really on my list for the coming years , 
  no , my father is dutch but he has always been fascinated by the slavic cultures . 
  i understand almost everything in polish but speaking is quite rusty ( especially grammar ) but i can make myself understandable in polish  it 's changing though , now that i study the language and get proper lessons concerning grammar , pronunciation etc. 
  i 'll even be going to a summer course polish language at the umcs lublin in july :d krakow is indeed a very nice city , polish history and culture are my passion so i really feel like that 's my true home . 
  it 's also nice that it 's close to the mountains as i just adore mountain hiking ( something i ca n't do in a country where the highest ` mountain ' is 300m above sea level ;p and i 'm sure i will be able to find a job somewhere . 
  i 'm do n't need many possessions as long as i 'm able to walk through the stary miasto in the evenings and can hike through the mountains in the weekends . 
  besides it 's not like the poles themselves are massively starving or something like that so i think all will be fine , 
  got some some nice titties , how do you rate them ? 
  i 've allready beaten the nazi 's and commies in every game and i 've never joined the commies . 
  yeah poland , it 's history , culture etc. 
  are really my passion . 
  krakow is a really nice city and has very nice surroundings as well . 
  the language will be a pain in the ass :p but i 'm very passionate about learning it so i 'm sure i will get the hang of it sooner or later . 
  using those cases when talking can sure be challenging though . 
  my english is n't as good as it looks , i can make pretty bad mistakes when i talk to others in english , but being raised in holland has quite some benefits when it comes to english . 
  dutch and english have quite some similarities and english is very prominent in everyday life in holland , 
  jesus , gave me chills ... 
  witcher for sure mate, 
  just wait . 
  in a few months eu citizens will not even be able to take a dump on their own toilets without putin claiming it 's a provocation . 
  and do n't forget that the ascend has to be made in underwear only , while carying the holy trinity on his back : painting of jan pawel ii , painting of pilsudski and a bottle of wodka . 
  a previous comment i made :, 
  as a foreigner doing excactly this during my vacation ( when i visit my family in nowa huta ) i can fully agree . 
  never felt such acceptence in my life , 
  oj mate , it 's dutch , no scandinavian and i do to make sure he knows i 'm also dutch because my username is polish ;p, 
  oj mate , here you can hsave a go at one of our famous sentences , 
  greater netherlands ? 
  so ... with vlaanderen or something ? 
  it 's one of their big left-overs from the soviet era and the tank is also one of the main symbols of ww2 . 
  they are reluctant to let them go but they probably will have to make big changes if the current trent of more and cheaper at-rockets continues ... 
  waauuw great progress mate , can you elaborate on your diet ? 
  one of the best, 
  thanks for the advice man , the hair is what everyone tells me to change so i will be looking for advice asap and change it . 
  when rome defeated the king of dacia many poor roman farmers went to romania because they could n't compete with the big farmers in italy who had many slaves at their disposal . 
  the slavs and magyars had some influence after that but romania kept speaking the roman language .
