  and * please * no bashing etc. 
  try to be serious . 
  i know he once was a singer but that 's all . 
  why did he began a party and what are the ideologies of that party ? 
  would be nice to hear some background info . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  these are pictures of the car in a recent motor show in the polish city of poznan . 
  i 'm looking for the name of a tango that can be heared several times in the movie ` miasto 44 ' . 
  it can be heared at the time marks : 1:23:50 , 1:27:00 i 1:29:40 . 
  thank you guys verry much !, 
  i 'm looking for the name of a tango that can be heared several times in the movie ` miasto 44 ' . 
  it can be heared at the time marks : 1:23:50 , 1:27:00 i 1:29:40 . 
  it took me a long time to figure out the name of the song ` chryzantemy z\u0142ociste ' so it would be nice to get some help of you guys for the next song , 
  he praised them for promoting polish culture and products abroad as `` 95 % of sales are from abroad '' this shows that even a video game can have a huge impact on a country of 40 million . 
  i bought a prima guide while i did n't have a account . 
  when i finished the buy they said that they made a account with my mail of which i would get a mail on how to activate it . 
  i got mails confirming the purchase but no mail concerning the activation of my account . 
  when i try getting my username with the `` i dont remember my username '' button i do n't a mail . 
  has anyone experienced a similar problem or know the solution to it ? 
  i ordered it from a dutch site btw and are there any good alternatives ? 
  preferably from corsair . 
  here 's the text :, 
  thanks for the help !, 
  please people , explain to me how polish woman can be so beautifull ? 
  is it something in the water , genes , or magic ? 
  i 've been in many countries but never have i seen so many good looking girls . 
  in western europe people always talk about the french , italian or swedish girls , but probably none of them have ever seen polish girls . 
  i live in the benelux but visit poland 2-3 times a year and i see far more good looking girls on a average day in poland than that i see in a whole year in the benelux . 
  they also look far more approachable and ` normal ' than in the benelux , i see almost no bitchy-looking girls that are constantly looking at their phone like their life depends on it . 
  i see young people in the age-group of 18-25 just enjoying the wheather by going outside for a picknick or just a stroll along the river . 
  the grass around the wisla in krakow is filled with these people just enjoying life without constantly checking their facebook , something that is verry differently in the country i live in ... 
  it 's just such a differnece . 
  can some people that actually live in poland confirm that 's it like this or am i just imagining things ? 
  short intro : i 'm a 20 year old male born and raised in holland . 
  i 'm living a very comfy life and do n't have many things to complain about . 
  my mother is polish but this did n't really affect my life significantly until the last 6 years or so . 
  in those last 6 years i 've really gotten interested in the country and it 's history and culture . 
  i visit the country about 2-3 times a year and would really call it my second home . 
  now i 've become so interested in the country that i would definitely call it my passion . 
  history , military , folk culture and just about everything about it deeply interested me . 
  my whole room is full of things like posters from poland , sabers , ww2 stuff and just everything polish i can get my hands on . 
  i 'm even beginning a study slavic languages and cultures with polish as main language this year . 
  after visiting the country more than 30 times and becoming very familiar with it 's culture and people i have come to a conclusion : i want to emigrate to poland after i finish my study . 
  besides the finances i ca n't really think of any major thing that is better in holland than in poland . 
  i just do n't feel at home here , while i really do in poland . 
  although i 'm a 100 % sure that i will be emigrating i would just like to ask : ** am i really that mad for wanting to live in poland ? 
  ** many poles called me crazy ( including my grandma  . 
  yes , i do understand that i will probably make no more than 600 euro 's but does the average pole really live such a stressful live ? 
  i will emigrate no matter what but some people tell me story 's that just give me nightmares :(, 
  i played the tutorials and watched the video 's but when playing against normal ai i get my ass handed to me . 
  i tried watching rommelsempire youtube video 's but he just goes so fast . 
  i need to really get the basics down before i can play for real . 
  are there any youtubers or guides that you guys recommend ? 
  thank you all, 
  so i 've been studying polish language and culture at my university for the past 3 weeks now . 
  i 'm really having fun and find it very interesting etc but i 'm really having problems with the cases . 
  i have just no clue how they work and how i can see in which case a word is written . 
  my native language has no cases at all . 
  does anybody know where i could get a good explanation about how those cases work ? 
  it would really be appreciated !, 
  i have a bug where i get periods that i ca n't see the heads of any enemy infiltrators . 
  i have had this for as long as i remember playing 2 + years . 
  anyone got a solution ? 
  how do i know what kind of ending a word has when its writen in a particular case . 
  so when for example agnieska is writen in the genitive , how do i know whether its agnieski , agnieska etc. 
  sorry for my english , 
  no , i 'm not shitting you . 
  i genuinely never played any fallout games but fallout 4 looks to me like a lot of fun , so should i invest in one of the previous games ? 
  so i 'm a half polish/dutch student who would really like to move to poland ( krak\u00f3w ) on a permanent basis once i finish my study . 
  yes i know that i will probably make only 2-3000z\u0142 a month and many have already called me crazy but the country and everything having to do with it is my real passion in life and i would really like to at least try living there . 
  are there any things i should be especially aware of when moving ? 
  or are there any people who made the change themselves and would like to share some tips ? 
  i 'm studying polish language so language would n't be a problem for me . 
  i 'm still in the first year of my study so i still have quite a lot of time to prepare for things . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  well title says it all ... 
  could anyone tell me what the name of this folk art is ? 
  : http://thumbs3.jigidi.com/thumbs/h4moghmw/l, 
  i see it everywhere on bags , clothing and decorative furniture but i ca n't find the name . 
  would anybody also know whether there are any shops in poland selling these kind of decorations ? 
  so last summer i wanted to do something ` adventurous ' and decided to climb mount giewont . 
  i had never walked a mountain before and was ill prepared . 
  i left krakow early in the morning without breakfast and only had a bag with a poncho for the rain and a 0.3 l waterbottle . 
  i wore short jeans , a t-shirt and my all-stars . 
  i began walking up the mountain at 11 in the morning and half an hour later i already ran out of water while it was 27 degrees . 
  the next three hours where a * beautiful * sight but very hard because of the burning sun , lack of water and the steep path . 
  after that the worst part came ; having to use chains to climb the last few meters plus the fact that everybody wants to stay at the top for at least 10 minutes while there is no place for more than 15 people , the last 100 meters consisted of a line where i had to wait 2 damn hours in arctic winds while not having more than a short sleeved t-shirt and shorts . 
  never had i thought about the fact that it could be very cold at almost 2000m ( duh ) . 
  everyone had warm clothing with them , except me . 
  at least 6 people offered me some clothing . 
  at this point i also got very hungry ( still had n't eaten yet ) and really felt the lack of water demanding its toll . 
  after a total of 5 hours i finally reached the top which was really breathtaking and made all the pains worthwhile . 
  after that i still had to climb down . 
  this is where i realized why everyone had those thick boots . 
  it felt like i was constantly stepping on knives and i slipped constantly . 
  finally after a total of 7 hours i reached the bus stop and was * dying * to drink and eat . 
  i can honestly tell i never had such thirst and hunger in my life ( i 'm only 20  ) after having a triple g\u00f3rale christmas dinner i took the bus back to krakow and here i began to fell the worst pain of the day . 
  the inside of my chest/upper back and ( left ) arm began to hurt like f * ck . 
  that bus ride was honestly the hardest part of the day . 
  i was seriously scared that i had a heart attack or something like that and even thought about going to the hospital when i arrived in krakow .
