  it 's hard to come up with a country that has such a interesting history as poland . 
  i can spend whole evenings just browsing the web about the history and learn new things every time !, 
  last summer i visited warsaw for the first time ( i live in holland but i have a polish mother ) and i just got so emotional when i visited places of which i read about a hundred times at home and that i could now see for myself . 
  visiting places in warsaw ( and poland ) knowing that on this exact spot a important battle took place , a event unfolded that would change poland for good or where a hero was born just gives me the most amazing feeling in the world . 
  it also makes me thankfull to the millions that died defending this country and that it 's because of their sacrifice that i can now enjoy this beautiful land . 
  secondly : culture . 
  every province , city and village in poland has it 's share of unique traditions and cultural herritage . 
  the polish cultural herritage is something that has a special place in hearts of every pole . 
  almost all poles grew up learning a folk dance or song etc. , something that 's not verry common anymore in modern day europe . 
  here in holland for example there is almost no interest at all for dutch cultural herritage . 
  folk events which are held regularely in many places in poland are virtually non-existent in holland . 
  ask a dutch person to only name a dutch folk song or dance and no one will be able to give you a answer : /, 
  thirdly : cuisine . 
  it may not be the highest-standing piece of culinary experience in the world but i would not want to trade it with that of any other country . 
  i would choose my 5 zloty pierogy from the local ` bar mleczny ' over a dish made by the best chefs in the world any day !, 
  finally i would like to say that i think these things are not appreciated enough by many poles . 
  although complaining is the national sport of poland , i still think that poles could complain a bit less about their financial situation and should be a bit more thankful for being part of such a unique and wonderfull country . 
  money is a materialistic thing that , although verry important , can be made everywhere and by everyone . 
  history and culture on the other hand is something that takes hundreds of years of hard work and bloodshed to develop . 
  we love you too < 3, 
  verry well done , also your other video 's !, 
  can i ask the name of the song ? 
  yeah i 'm not implying that everybody knows how to * dance * them but rather that they at least know that for example the krakowiak and oberek are folk dances, 
  sorry , i 'm not really familiar with this term , could you explain ? 
  it 's still more than in most countries :p, 
  besides , there are countless folk groups performing in poland and on youtube . 
  it 's something that really shows that it 's still a important thing for the polish people . 
  o wow i 've been subscribed to this channel for over a year or two i must have missed this one :p the channel has indeed some of the best folk music !, 
  yo yoo yooo , slow down man , i 'm not following your high class english :p please eli5, 
  ahhh , verry interesting . 
  thank you !, 
  great video and music man !, 
  i 'm really looking forward to visiting all those places myself . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  i live in holland , 2km from the coast and i visit krakow 3 times a year . 
  honestly i ca n't feel a difference . 
  air is indeed polluted but you wo n't notice a big difference , especially if you come from a big city in russia . 
  secondly i do n't think you 'll encounter problems with your nationality . 
  russia has caused some serious damage to poland in the past centuries ( as did we ) but there will be almost no one who will hold you responsible for actions from the past or those of stali ... uhhh i mean putin :p, 
  seeing that you personally feel ashamed for russia 's actions really shows that you will have no problems in poland concerning this matter . 
  i hope that will find happiness and remember that poland and it 's people will welcome you with open arms !, 
  i visit family who lives at the edge of nowa huta 3 times a year and i know the neighborhood better than my own :p . be sure to check out the nowa huta museum , which is only 1 plus size room but has some interesting stories : http://www.inyourpocket.com/poland/krakow/sightseeing/nowa-huta-museums/nowa-huta-museum_55464v, 
  another little museum is the museum of the armed act . 
  it 's dedicated to the people who fought and died for poland and where born in the area of now huta . 
  there 's no english translation but it still interesting enough if you like ww2 history . 
  i can see that you really took your time to visit the other important places and landmarks and did n't just skip through it all . 
  keep up the vids !, 
  i got advice an was helped verry fast , it 's a good buy !, 
  thank you guysssss . 
  now i can finally enjoy alpha 11 :d, 
  wow , my uncle and aunt are named andrzej and ania :p, 
  hehe, 
  option 1 : if you do n't want to stay in krakow for the night , i would go early in the morning with the train to krakow ( glowny ) , apr. 
  2,5 hours , 40-50 pln ( 10-12 ,5 usd ) for 2nd class seat , one way . 
  then take the bus to oswiecim ( auschwitz in polish ) , they will depart every 30 minutes or so . 
  it will cost about 10-15 pln ( 2,5 - 4 usd ) and it will take about 1.5 hours to reach the camp.the bus departs from the bus platform at the same station . 
  be sure not to enter the bus too late or you will have to stand the whole journey  , you will be dropped of at the entrance of the auschwitz museum . 
  when you visited the museum in auschwitz i you can take the the free bus from the entrance of auschwitz i to go to auschwitz birkenau . 
  this is the huge terrain with the barracks . 
  after that you can return to the museum and take the bus back to krakow from where you take the train back to krakow . 
  note that it 's quite a distance , so depart * early * or you will have to hurry up the whole day . 
  option 2 ( i strongly recommend this one ) : you stay for 1 or 2 nights in krakow . 
  if you 're * really * on a tight budget , you can take the polski bus http://www.polskibus.com/en from warsaw to krakow but it will take 5 hours . 
  a ticket costs around 15-20 pln , one way . 
  still i would recommend taking the train . 
  other than that everything stays the same but now you will not have to hurry because you can return to krakow as late as you want . 
  in the evening you can visit the royal castle , eat at some restaurant and appreciate it all now that you know what kind of * hell * the country had to go through to come to where it is now . 
  the following day you can explore the city and maybe visit schindlers factory if you want to know more about the holocaust history . 
  do n't take the train to warsaw too early . 
  krakow is one of the most beautiful city 's in the world , so take you 're time while you 're there . 
  i hope you 'll have a great time in poland and remember that , just as / u/akeryw pointed out , poland is * so much more * than just holocaust and stuff like that so try not to ignore the other things , 
  note : be sure to check out the tour times at their website http://visit.auschwitz.org/ if you go before or after 10:00 -15:00 you can visit the museum individually . 
  between those times you will have to go in groups of around 20 people with or without a educator . 
  these groups are only in the museum , visiting auschwitz birkenau will be individually . 
  be sure to ask if you have any further questions !, 
  hey , i got a polish mother ( who has obtained dutch citizenship now ) , dutch father and i was born in holland . 
  i 'm 19 years old and want to emigrate to poland when i finish university . 
  would it be hard for me to obtain polish citizenship ? 
  i 've been looking through the internet but i could n't get a clear answer . 
  would it be something that can be done in a couple of weeks/months at the embassy in holland or will it be a process of years ? 
  thanks in advance , 
  thank you verry much man !, 
  the polish embassy is just 20 min on my bike , so i will certainly bring them a visit or make a phone call . 
  the part about the army will be no problem , as i 'm hoping for a carreer in the polish land forces , 
  for me personaly it is the best movie i have ever seen . 
  i 'm really interested in polish history , especially ww2 era . 
  many polish war movies and series did n't really show the true horror of war . 
  the saving-private-ryan-like style and grim theme really makes this film stand apart from other polish war movies . 
  other from that it has great special effects , acting and you can really tell how much work has been put in making everything look as authentic as possible . 
  there are like three ` artistic ' , unreal scenes but they do a great job at illustrating the feelings of the persons etc. 
  please give it a try , you will not be disappointed, 
  could you explain what that expression means ? 
  ogniem i mieczem is a slightly older film but a verry good movie . 
  certainly a must see when your interested in polish movies, 
  feral mode is off , so i am thinking that it 's the ` heat ' i am causing . 
  is there like a list of actions that produce heat ? 
  and do you know whether mining underground causes heat , even if it 's fairly deep ? 
  nice to hear that man , i live in holland but have a polish mother and polish history is my passion . 
  watching those films always give me that real ` polish feeling ' . 
  great help man !,
