  remember that weed and other drugs are strictly illegal in poland and punishment can be harsh . 
  my advice is to leave the drugs alone during your trip . 
  try the supreme polish vodka instead , 
  anyone knows when part 2 is coming ? 
  that 's like usa tonight , or eu tonight ? 
  i live in europe ;p, 
  i 'm * verry * interested in polish military history and it 's my real passion . 
  seeing that those easter eggs , really made me appreciate the game and devs so much more , take this gold !, 
  will surely do , 
  verry proud but those victoria secret seriously need to add a bit weight . 
  who 's first ? 
  wow , those sound effects on the website gave me eartyphus, 
  they do n't have a healthy waight while they have a * huge * influence on mostly teenage girls . 
  this !, 
  but seriously , what 's in the fking water that polish girls look soooooooooo damn good ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0yrqba1lkg , 
  no idea :p, 
  same specs , except i have 16 gb for that chrome browser :p . i think we will be able to play at almost ultra 60fps . 
  980 only performs 15 % better , so if we just disable hairworks and do n't take aa too far we will be set . 
  if you , like me , have use chrome and have 20 + tabs open at all times , than i think it would be a good idea . 
  if your just playing the game without any other big programms on i think you 'll be fine with 8 gigs . 
  btw . 
  is it hard and/or dangerous to overclock your cpu ? 
  i 'm thinking of going sli so some extra cpu power could come in handy . 
  seriously ? 
  in what way ? 
  history , and the cost of freedom . 
  far too many people , especially in the western world tend to forget that our freedom is not self-evident and that * many * people had to suffer and fight for it . . 
  that 's it !, 
  thank you sooooooo much man !, 
  me too ? 
  is this site really accurate ? 
  i compared the hague ( where i live now ) and krakow ( where i would like to live when finishing my study ) and it says that purchasing power is only 29 % less . 
  that would be verry good news , because i always get to hear horror stories of poles how bad it is etc in their country and that i am mad wanting to move there . 
  do you know whether you get a code for the e-guide when you buy the physical one ? 
  perfect, 
  me not !, 
  long live glorious europe !, 
  i 'm skipping this one , exploration is one of the biggest things for me and i have allready sinned too much :p, 
  buy it at the store than ;p, 
  i was always verry sceptic about a second monitor , but after building a new pc i finally gave in and bought 2 dell u2412h ips monitors . 
  i can say that is may be one of the best things i did in a looong time !, 
  it gives you sooo much space for multitasking . 
  whether it is gaming or working in word etc. 
  everything just benefits and it looks nice ad hell  i really recommend a dual monitor setup !, 
  the devs said that the witcher 3 is actually the best game to start with if , so you 'll have no problem with the lore . 
  i 'll be studying polish language for the next 4 years , this makes me feel confident, 
  i 'm on vacation 2 weeks and a 1000km from my pc . 
  to top it off i 'm on vacation in poland i cant walk down a street without seeing adverising of the witcher 3 :p, 
  nah , polish mother and dutch father , living in holland ; land of weed and hookers ;p i plan to emigrate to poland when i finish my study though . 
  i 'm on vacation in krakow , some 300 km from warsaw :p it would be posssible for a day but it would be quite a hasle . 
  i live in holland and always get strange looks from people when i say that i go to poland for my vacation , it 's a real shame ... 
  i am vissiting family though :p but it really bothers me how peoplw in western europe view country 's in central europe . 
  like we are some post-apocalyptic , 1960 's , gray , communist wasteland where every country is just the same . 
  i hope this changes soon , 
  visiting family . 
  but it really is a nice vacation spot . 
  cities like krakow and gdansk ( danzig ) are just as , if not more , beautifull as cities like rome and paris . 
  thanks , you enjoy work  i hope to work in poland after university . 
  i am thinking/hoping of a carrer in the polish army , but we 'll see ;p, 
  is the average salary really as bad as most poles say it is ? 
  i 'm not expecting 2000 euro a month , just bein able to live ` moderate ' life , 
  no , it 's based in warsaw , although i heared somewhere that they have small branch in krakow . 
  i think that vodka is a bit more known  many people think it 's russian but it 's not , they just abuse it the most :p, 
  like u/pappo66 mention i 'm indeed referring to the president , not the prime minister , who indeed is a she . 
  polish love in a bottle, 
  thanks !, 
  have fun playing the witcher :p, 
  yeah , the polish shore is beautiful but it 's no greece or italy when it comes to temperture . 
  yeah , but i 'm not going because of money , but because the country is my real passion , 
  money is n't everything , besides , it 's not like i wo n't be able to live a moderate life with a university degree , even if it 's a degree in polish language . 
  yeah , but iur os is ... not bought in a store . . if you know what i mean  i will certainly try that thank you !, 
  do you currently live in a western-european country ? 
  i also dream of living in poland ( i 'm a half-polish student , born and raised in holland ) but i get constant negative feedback from almost everybody because the salaries are awfull . 
  some people act like i will probably die within a month . 
  i know that i will not earn as much as i could in holland , but will it would it really be so hard for someone with a university degree and fluency in dutch and fairly good english to build up a modest life ? 
  i still dream of living in krakow after my study , but i am realy realy worried when it comes to money . 
  do you have any tips or do you know whether my fears are justified or not . 
  other than that i hope and allready know that you will feel at home in poland :p it 's absolutely gergeous !, 
  i think about it in the same way ; it may be a risk , but i will regret it for the rest of my life , if i do n't at least try . 
  i can always return to holland if things would not work out . 
  returning to holland is also a real pain for me when i visited poland . 
  poland has indeed a verry bad name in holland . 
  people associate it mostly with communism and think that it is just a country with grey flats ' like the rest of the eastern block ' . 
  i hope that one day that will change but after all it 's just * them * missing out on such a country . 
  i admire your courage for following your dreams and i will certainly follow that exampl , most people just stay behind their deskjob and spend every year thinking about that one week of vacation in the summer ... life is just too short for that !, 
  i wish you the best of luck !, 
  a copy of it , or maybe this one , stands in the saturn store in galeria krakowska mall in krakow . 
  it looks absolutely stunning !, 
  thanks !, 
  it was in my spam folder all along :p, 
  where ? 
  i live in the hague and will be visiting amsterdam the 1st of june . 
  the e-guide says so, 
  ahh too bad , but thanks non the less !, 
  aaah , your power button also just light up on one side . 
  i thought that i had a faulty case , but that i guess it 's not :p, 
  zielige koters, 
  i like the furiosity of you guys . 
  why would duda be so bad ?
