  whether my passport is dutch or polish does n't mean shit when i think about my identification . 
  it 's all about where you feel yourself connected with the most and not about what a piece of paper says . 
  for me it 's the fact that i do n't feel any connection with the country of the netherlands . 
  i was born and still live here but i have no specific connection with it 's history , culture or people which would make me say that i 'm part of it . 
  even many people who are 100 % dutch could n't care less whether they are dutch or lets say english . 
  there is almost no feeling of national identity here . 
  i do n't know why because there 's plenty to be proud of for the dutch ... 
  on the other hand i feel very proud when it comes to polish culture , history folklore etc. 
  why ? 
  i do n't know , but that 's just how it is . 
  when i wield the combined powers of my huge penis and mighty ballsack i will conquer the world and enslave all of mankind , for my genital powers are limitless . 
  spoken like a true poet . 
  me too , why start a addiction ? 
  it costs money and can be unhealthy so we are just doing great , 
  i think thee is only good for you . 
  the brother of my grandma actually lost his legs because a cloth of blood became stuck in a vein in his leg , although he drank a ridiculous amount of coffee to be fair . 
  thanks , will watch it tonight . 
  you have to switch them off right after you click ` shut down ' . 
  when your computer is turned off they will switch to power saving mode during which they ca n't be turn off . 
  just try turning them off and on now that your pc is also turned on , you 'll see it 's no problem . 
  it 's just when they switch to power saving mode that they do n't react , 
  i have them on my graphics card in my pc , should i remove them ? 
  yeah try turning off your second monitor first and after that your main monitor . 
  when you switch your main off first it will switch your desktop to your second monitor during which you ca n't switch it off . 
  teach me , oh master . 
  they worked with people who are specialized in lip-reading etc. 
  all shots have been analyzed and they added 100 % accurate sound to everything and everyone that makes sound . 
  there was a whole behind-the-scenes video about the process with english subtitles but i ca n't find it now : /, 
  i 'm jealous ;d, 
  i 'm not keen on doing in it in the winter . 
  i have almost no experience and every year some people die when trying to do just that without the knowledge they need . 
  i was planning on doing it in the summer . 
  rysy would be incredibly nice and is certainly at the top of my list , but i think i will first try some easier mountains , 
  thanks for the in depth respond . 
  i will certainly take a look at those two hiking trails . 
  it would indeed be really nice if i there would be some place to rest at along the path . 
  it was a real pain that i could n't rest much on giewont because you would hold up the hundreds op people behind you . 
  the cable car is also a nice extra , although i do n't plan on using it , but just in case . 
  the line for that thing at the bottom is huge . 
  i spoke a couple that waited 6 hours in line to buy a ticket . 
  that almost the same amount it would take to climb and descent the mountain ... 
  hiking is indeed freaking fantastic because of the scenery and the added bonus that its healthy . 
  where i currently life ( holland ) there are no mountains at all , really a thing i miss , but i plan on emigrating to poland once i finish my study , so that wo n't be an issue in the future i hope , 
  yeah look up the video 's on youtube mate , it 's now normal to wait in line for 2 hours . 
  morskie oko can also get thousands of visitors during the vacations . 
  thanks mate , found it, 
  thanks mate !, 
  yeah i know , but i would like to have seperat e containers for eacht category . 
  like a crate for weapons , one for ammo , one for appearal etc. 
  is that possible in safe way ? 
   poland might not have had a stronk warmachine, 
  poland actually had the biggest allied fighting force during wwii after the big three ( usa , gb , ussr ) . 
  hundreds of thousands of soldiers in the armies in the west and in the red army and they had the biggest underground state ; ~ 1 million at its peak, 
  alright , thank you so much mate !, 
  loving the wood, 
  wow !, 
  thanks so much !, 
  would give you gold if i was n't a somewhat broke student ;p i 'm certainly planning on following you advice . 
  i did some further research and the trail looks really nice . 
  you helped me tremendously , thank you so much :d, 
  whoaaaa thank you so much man !, 
  yeah , i 'm no native but i 've always spoken quite a lot ( polish mom ) and now i 'm studying polish but i have a really hard time understanding them, 
  you know him ? 
  the polish rapper in holland ? 
  ahh , so you too live in holland ? 
  1612 and 1920 the good ol' times, 
  you have to take in account that most soldiers of the turkish army are conscripts . 
  not saying they could n't stop is but it is an important thing to remember when comparing with professional western armies in europe, 
  and even then , it 's becoming less of an effect with tech progressing so quickly . 
  child watching in the left corner ... 
  i hope is burns in hell . 
  those kids are already doctrinated, 
  thanks !, 
  would i still get missions from the brotherhood if i refuse to join or will they just cut off communication with me ? 
  damnn 10.000 plus you get to live in krakow . 
  i would have allready packed my bags . 
  that salary will have you live like a king in the royal city . 
  can i ask what sector this is ? 
  yeah pollution is certainly there , but it 's not as bad as many will tell you . 
  i live in holland , just 2 km from the coast and i ca n't feel the difference between krakow and holland, 
  oscypek is the cheese you probably mentioned . 
  it 's really nice , especially when it 's from the grill and you get some jam with it . 
  definitely try it !, 
  to really experience the best zakopane feeling you should visit one of the many traditional restaurants in the main street . 
  they have huge grills with loads of meat and other food . 
  be aware though that zakopane is one big tourist magnet , so the whole city will be packed with them . 
  still it 's one of the best wintercapitols of europe . 
  have fun !, 
  could i ask what the reasons for you are to want to emigrate ? 
  i am 20 years old and want to live poland after my study ( i now live in the netherlands ) but i 'm really worried by all the young poles going abroad . 
  are perspectives there really as bad as people make them seem ? 
  yeah it 's like our national soup . 
  it mainly consists of a potatoes , egg , saudage and sour rye . 
  it 's delicious , especially after a cold winters day . 
  further more you * have * to eat pierogy , it 's the main national dish of poland . 
  these are dumplings that can be filled with anything , so will have enough to choose from . 
  the traditional ones are those with cottage cheese or the pierogy ` ruskie ' which are filled with potatoes , onion and cheese . 
  you will probably also see a lot of stands with hungarian flags which sell these vase shaped snacks : http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-2p9x6iggvce/tmsrkakryzi/aaaaaaaabu8/l52gaitchl4/s800/page.jpg, 
  you should definitely try one if you see them . 
  other than those things i would just try something you think sounds nice and try it , the polish cuisine can house many surprises although you can always be certain of one thing : meat = live .
