they can both be used , only the pedantic people will point out the technically incorrectness . 
  holland now pretty much means nl and has penetrated in culture , sports , business etc. 
  economists deal with the future more than the present so in their predictions brexit * has * happened . 
  this issue was [ discussed in the treasury select committee ] ( http://data.parliament.uk/writtenevidence/committeeevidence.svc/evidencedocument/treasury-committee/the-uks-future-economic-relationship-with-the-european-union/oral/34854.html ) , it 's the first question asked ( q67-q79 ) . 
  tldr : in practice the efta court has given itself the obligation to align its own case law to the interpretation of the european court of justice . 
  fwiw , even the uk 's own judicial system is going to rule against the uk government if they do n't uphold treaties they signed . 
  i agree that it 's a good thing for the uk , company and labour taxes from foreign companies are a big source of income for the uk . 
  what i 'm saying is the uk is depending on foreign companies here who can put up big pressure in the negotiations and will take nothing less but 0 % tariffs on cars and parts . 
  that is apart from the bigger picture where car factories will be one of the first to be fully run by robot production , and the fact that the car industry in the next 2 decades will completely change with self driving electric cars . 
  i agree it 's a shitty situation , but triggering it unprepared would not be in anyone 's favour and would only create more uncertainty . 
  1st half 2017 looks to be a soft deadline because i do n't think the tories will want to go into 2020 elections for uk and eu parliaments without article 50 negotiations being done . 
  range rover is indian , as is jaguar . 
  bentley and rr are german . 
  aston martin is the only uk car manufacturer but to think that 's an alternative in the luxury car segment is a bit far fetched in my opinion . 
  though in fairness i have to say that would be an awesome sight to see because aston martin is my favourite car brand . 
  maybe this means my dreams will be 10 % more expensive :(, 
  i do n't think they can do it later because that would mean it wo n't be done before 2020 which has both uk and eu parliament elections . 
  not being done with article 50 by that time could really mess things up . 
  can you imagine a change of government when finishing negotiations . 
  considering their entire automotive industry has been sold off in the 90 's and is completely in foreign hands , including germany and france , they wo n't have much choice on this point with the threat of possible relocation . 
  i think the banking arrangements will be a much bigger factor for the car industry future because they need to be able to flow the money around . 
  this whole idea of increasing car exports to the rest of the world is bizarre , it 's not up to the uk to decide and one of the main reasons they have car factories is because their geographical location in europe . 
  it 's certainly not their bargaining chip , or to put it in populair terms : they need us more then we need them . 
  i am looking forward to juncker and boris meeting as well , should be some good banter  good to see the initial shock has calmed down and pragmatics prevail again . 
  to me it looks that triggering 1st half of 2017 is the consensus all around . 
  this article is so detached from reality in general , but one suggestion really takes the cake . 
  his plan is to open up the uk for 3rd countries ( the wines from australia example ) to force eu countries to open up the single market , which is basically saying we are going to switch to australian wine till france reduces tariffs because they want to sell in the uk , then we can switch back to french wines . 
  his idea of trade negotiations is divide and conquer , i wonder how that plays out diplomatically . 
  not to mention there wo n't be any tariffs on goods because the eu and uk production lines are so interwoven that tariffs are no option . 
  i just ca n't understand how such prominent politicians can be so ill informed and keep on preaching these rainbows and unicorns . 
  take that eu , the ceo 's of the uk are going to drive mazda 's now !, 
  no way they are going to pay 10 % more on a mercedes or audi , and expect to see boris swapping his bmw for a toyota soon . 
  brutal , but probably not as far from the realpolitik reality as some people might think . 
  elections in germany , france and the netherlands next year , and if polling shows a tough stance on the uk is favourible among the voters then good luck in the article 50 negotiations . 
  the great alaska - california border !, 
  when some politician in europe says something it is not ` the eu ' that is talking . 
  the message from politicians who have real clout in this ordeal has pretty much been ` no talks before article 50 is triggered ' . 
  i could quote 10 uk politicians with 10 different interpretations of brexit but the one that really matters is the one from the government . 
  edit on article 112 :  professor dougan : sure . 
  to be honest , entering into international negotiations with 30\u2011odd countries for an agreement , when it is absolutely clear as day that full free movement of persons is an integral part of that agreement and must be respected in full , and then securing the national agreements and ratifications of 30\u2011odd countries , and then trying to rely on a provision that is intended for emergency use in exceptional situations relating to very specific criteria so as to fully -- but even partially -- exempt ourselves from those types of obligations , would do nothing for our international credibility , would do nothing for this country on the international stage . 
  article 112 is an emergency safeguard provision for highly specific situations . 
  it comes with obligations as well as opportunities . 
  the idea that we would use it to somehow exempt ourselves from the normal regime of free movement of persons , wholly or partially , that applies under the eea is , to be cruel , an armchair lawyer 's argument . 
  dutch workers automatically pay part of their salary to the pension funds , which are private companies . 
  the amount of money they manage is over 1.2 trillion euros . 
  this is invested in shares and bonds to try and grow the money , so big economic hits seriously hurt the funds . 
  every pensioner in the netherlands gets the basic state pension , the money from the pension funds gets payed on top of that . 
  so there is a bottom line for people who did not build a pension - if you are self employed , on welfare , work abroad etc. 
  you do n't build pension because it 's attached to your payroll - and during your working life you build up extra . 
  however that extra is not a fixed amount but based on the solvability of the pension funds since they manage * everybody 's * money and need to keep the future in mind . 
  i guess the advantage but at the same time the risk of the dutch pension fund system is that the large amounts of money can be used to speculate . 
  hope that clears it up a bit . 
  yes , an unfortunate side effect of our time with massive access to news and social media . 
  some people are willing to stir up some extra shit for some internet fame or to further their agenda . 
  as if it is n't bad enough already :(, 
   19:05 graphic / nsfw : first images from inside the shopping mall the tweet you linked to says the photo is a hoax and it 's from a johannesburg shooting in 2013 . 
  [ the future is electronic !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnyg-xu-7sq ), 
  it 's already been said that the process can be cancelled if * all * parties agree to it , so the uk can not decide to cancel on it 's own . 
  they would likely have to make concessions on their current arrangements like the rebate , and their influence would also take a hit . 
  this scenario does not look politically viable to me though . 
  article 50 is a very short and vague piece of text , and with the national governments calling the shots in the process - not the commission - you can expect a lot of flexibility and practicality , and less being stuck to rules and formal procedures . 
  food is more then just a product though , it 's a strategic resource and being dependant on other countries is a great risk . 
  there is a geo political reason that countries like the us , china , japan etc. , and the eu protect their food chains . 
  another factor to consider is health and safety and what regulations you set , loosening rules could impose more risks . 
  the uk is already massively lagging behind it 's competitors in scientific funding , state and business investments are about half compared to countries like germany , france , switzerland , singapore , hong kong , japan etc. 
  some of that is made up for by the uk being very succesful in getting eu grants , so more state funding is really needed to compensate . 
  i guess the best word to describe it is ` smooth ', 
  good list , though i 'd argue erasmus definately needs to be on there . 
  other people for me would be christiaan huygens - groundbreaking physicist and mathematician of his time , thorbecke - father of the 1848 dutch constitution , abraham kuyper - the mind behind the 1917 political deal which constructed the political landscape that lasted till the 70 's / 80 's ( pillarization ) , and anne frank because she 's anne frank . 
  the average premium for dutch health insurance is around $ 90 per month , which is fairly high , but there is a lot of compensation . 
  if your income is low you get subsidised , to the point where someone on welfare basically gets the $ 90 back each month in subsidies . 
  the political science department in leiden the netherlands has a high international reputation and good programs for international students . 
  the city is great , nice architecture , canals , bars and restaurants , tons of museums , and the city centre is like one big public campus . 
  very active student community . 
  location is good as well , 15 mins by train to the hague , 30 mins to amsterdam and rotterdam so nice opportunity to see the country . 
  biggest problem would be to find housing but maybe the programs have options for that . 
  it 's also not unusual for a dutchy studying abroad for a semester to rent out their room for those months to international students . 
  and you 'll need a bike , leiden is bike city . 
  as a child of leiden university and the political science department that 's my plea for you !, 
  i 'm curious , was this printed on the frontpage or somewhere more in the back ? 
  and so the quest to world [ cake ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mvzytx5zg ) domination begins !, 
  this is one of those ' i used to deal with the eu bureaucrats when i worked in brussels 20 years ago , and blimey i could tell you some stories ' guys . 
  i ca n't believe they put someone stuck in 20th century ideas in this position . 
  i thought of him as one of those grumpy old dudes that you keep hanging around and who gets to tell stories about the old days once in a while , not someone you actually want to put in some diplomatically sensitive spot to plan negotiations . 
  the car industry and many other industries in the uk and in the eu are very dependent on eachother , parts and half products flow over the continent all the time . 
  i do n't think there will be tariffs on any of that because it would just slow down the economy on all sides . 
  you mean juncker is not getting extracted from brussels by an sas squad and held as a pow in the tower of london ? 
  yet your entire future economical plans seem based around it . 
  ai n't that something huh with the irish economy and all ... 
   us is 39.1 % third highest in the world . 
  i have no idea what this comment means yet it feels really convincing . 
  if the us and the uk keep bombing the middle east we 'll be back to 500 million in no time !, 
  do n't be a pessimist man . 
  should n't this be part of the negotiations ? 
  who knows how much they are going to charge us for using it . 
  what if they put on massive tariffs , then we 're fucked . 
  i would advice the people who backed boris , then switched to gove after the backstab , and then switched to leadsom after gove dropped out , to not play the lottery for a while . 
  it also has to do with their electoral 2 party system . 
  this means winner takes all instead of the give and take politics which is much more widespread in the rest of europe .
