  buy a cheap old lorry for a few hundred pounds , print some flashy plates for on the sides and let the internet do it 's thing . 
  ah yes you 're right . 
  the insecurity for them is whether they 'll get to keep their free spanish healthcare or have to switch to private healthcare , which they ca n't pay for . 
  maybe a deal could be made where the uk pays say 350 million each week to the spanish healthcare system in exchange for the pensioners retaining their entry . 
  i expect mr farage to pop up with a new party in the near future on a nationalistic agenda based on ` the establishment is floundering uk interests and not listening to the people , lets make britain great again ! ', 
  then why make so much trouble over free movement ? 
  48 % voted to stay in , and if just a tiny fraction of the leavers would n't be against free movement that basically means there is no majority for actually restricting free movement . 
  it 's the winner takes all process - which is also part of the uk political history with fptp elections - which make it hard to work on consensus basis and encourages confrontational politics where the losing party is basically silenced and shared interests do n't come to light . 
  yes , this whole using people as a bargaining chip and not giving them certainty is really stupid tbh . 
  i can assure you every uk migrant will be welcomed with open arms in the eu . 
  it 's a core principle on which the eu is build . 
  but i guess it also shows the fairly ruthless negotiation tactics the uk has always used . 
  playing political games with the lives of millions of people could backfire on them though , we 've already seen massive backlash to these statements . 
  my guess would be they will be allowed to stay no questions asked . 
  main problem for a lot of pensioners is losing the european health insurance card . 
  these people are not super wealthy , they live of a basic uk pension , and they simply could not afford healthcare anymore as costs will rise tenfold . 
  i think the eu stance will be very lenient and welcoming towards uk citizens who want to live in the eu , and not spiteful at all . 
  it 's a core principle of the european union . 
  the tories wanting to use european expats as a bargaining chip looks very silly compared to the eu telling uk expats not to worry because they wo n't be used as a negotiation tactic . 
  we should not play political games at a negotiation table when dealing with the lives of millions of people , all uk expats should know their future is secure . 
  we shall prevail with the power of love !, 
  the reason why the romanians are so pro eu is they have a history of corruption and bad politics , and the eu prevents this from happening with all the anti-corruption and democracy regulations . 
  it provides political stability which the people like . 
  these are some of the conditions for joining  stable institutions guaranteeing democracy , the rule of law , human rights and respect for and protection of minorities . 
  yes but if france ends le touquet agreement that does n't apply anymore , and after the uk has left the eu neither does the dublin agreement . 
  if that 's what you take from it . 
  i guess business closing down is a small price to pay for keeping those migrants out , rather have no jobs at all than them taking them . 
  [ the dublin regulation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ), 
  uk citizens can find those same jobs in the uk if they are willing to relocate , work for competitive wages and have competitive work ethics . 
  if the pay is n't good enough raise the minimum wage , do n't blame the people who are willing to work hard for that money . 
  question is are these companies still economically viable if they have to pay higher wages . 
  it 's protectionism which which is bad for competitive business . 
  there are minimum wages in place so same opportunity . 
  if you are willing to relocate and work hard there are plenty of low skilled jobs like fruit and vegetable picking . 
  a lot of unemployed in the western countries feel they are above those jobs , while the eastern europeans work really hard and are loved by their employers . 
  they are not competing on wages , they are competing on work ethics . 
  it 's pretty disheartening reading comments like yours shoving hard working people who are essential for some of our economical sectors to the side with these degrading comments . 
  they are also in for an increase in illegal immigration . 
  andrzej from poland is still able to come to the uk , he has an eu passport . 
  however he wo n't be able to do legal work because he did n't get a working visa . 
  now dave from the pub has a little house renovation business . 
  he used to have some poles on the payroll , but due to the restricted movement he is no longer allowed to work with them . 
  now however he can 'em ploy ' andrzej who 's a good diy'er , and he only has to pay half because andrzej is illegal and has no rights on minimum wage or anything , but is still willing to do the job . 
  dave from the pub fudges a bit with the books so nobody knows this stuff is happening and his business is doing really well , so well andrzej 's friend is also coming over . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  trying to battle this will cost the uk a pretty penny . 
  edit : andrzej and his pals also wo n't be paying taxes on their wages obviously , so less money for the coffers as well in this scenario . 
  it would not be illegal , the only thing stopping it now are eu regulations from the dublin agreement . 
  those will not be valid anymore so a new deal needs to be made , though in all fairness france would probably just rather have them gone instead of having a new deal . 
  but what is the benefit in that ? 
  these people are willing to live under brutal and dehumanizing circumstances at the moment and are not willing to leave , what makes you think they would want to leave if you put them in jail ? 
  they would get food and a bed which they do n't even have now . 
  i 'm not defending this or think it 's great , but you ca n't just put these people on a plane and drop them some random place in africa . 
  unless you check every truck or ship arriving in the country some people are going to slip through the cracks , and doing that would be an economic and financial disaster . 
  reality just sucks really hard some times :(, 
  the calculations i have read it will probably be about even with what they are paying now . 
  the non eu members pay less contribution , but losing the rebate would negate that . 
  they might however lose their passporting rights if they do n't 100 % commit to the single market . 
  a lot of cities are very interested in taking over these financial services . 
  they ca n't be send back , these people have n't applied for refugee status because they do n't want to be in france , they want to be in the uk and apply for refugee status there . 
  we do n't even know who they are , they are illegal and not in the system . 
  the only thing france could do is arrest them for being illegal but that would solve nothing and would cost them tons of money . 
  so instead they leave them be in their own build camps so they do n't cost money . 
  that 's the sad truth , but as long as these people do n't apply for some official status there is not much you can do with them . 
  you do n't know who they are and where they come from if they do n't have any documents . 
  you ca n't exactly torture them in to telling who they are . 
  well that 's for the uk to sort out how to handle them . 
  it would actually be illegal to hold these people against their will on eu territory . 
  france has just as much interest in these people as you do , they just happen to be in the unlucky spot where these people who want to go to the uk set foot on their land first . 
  they are refugees who are desperate to go to the uk , the only reason they are held in calais is eu regulation . 
  another thing to learn from it is the eu needs to be sold with a positive message on all the good it does , not on scare scenarios about what could happen after leaving . 
  if you engage in negative campaigning with the eurosceptics you are fighting a lost battle , they are way better at it . 
  yet a norway deal would be totally unacceptable for many people in the uk . 
  freedom of movement , paying the same amount in contributions as currently with less benefits , incorporating 3/4th of eu law . 
  norway is basically an eu member without a seat at the table . 
  if you hate using the / s tag you can do a triple dot !, 
  this is my totally relevant contribution to this thread ... 
  yes but the new pm is going to be elected by 150.000 tory party members . 
  in the campaigns the candidates have nothing to gain by promising stuff for the regular people , and all to gain by making promises to the tory establishment . 
  those interests are n't often aligned . 
  to be honest i do n't think most eu members are that eager to keep the uk in anymore . 
  the whole brexit ordeal has made it pretty much impossible to keep continueing as it always were , not to mention the risk of outcry all over europe if this referendum is ignored . 
  a norway style deal looks much more likely , it would remain the status quo for the uk as much as possible while still having left the eu and upholding the referendum . 
  as i understand it euroscepticism in poland is more concerning the direction the eu is going than against the eu itself . 
  support for being part of the eu is high . 
  we do n't have more jobs than people , we have no people who want to do those jobs . 
  just like the uk who cope with the same problem . 
  you can have a look at [ seasonalwork.nl ] ( http://www.seasonalwork.nl/working-in-the-netherlands/what-kind-of-job ) to see jobs , wages , regulations and put in your application . 
  we are always looking for people who are willing to put in good work . 
  the thick of it vs borgen :(, 
  that 's what happens with a referendum like this though . 
  you distill complex material to a simple yes or no question where the winner takes all and is not accountable by elections afterwards . 
  it 's a procedure in which being confrontational and hyperbolic is unfortunately the best strategy to win . 
  well let me put it this way . 
  if you are unemployed in the uk and willing to travel abroad to do hard work i can guarantee you a job here in the netherlands fruit & vegetables industry . 
  our own unemployed are n't willing to do it and if you force them they are only killing the employers business by calling in sick all the time and ruining the spirit on the workfloor . 
   no one knows whats going to happen . 
  this is the mess . 
  the uk voted to leave and then told the eu ` see you in three months , we 're going to have some tory party politics fun now ' leaving everything in uncertainty . 
  meanwhile those tory candidates are publicly doing negotiation promises which create even more uncertainty of what the future will bring since you have to wait months to see who 's going to win .
