  the language of love of course !, 
  these tests were done behind some computer during normal day to day life , while the brexit vote took place after a massive campaign where people got all hyped up and the whole thinking about the eu got reduced to a binary question . 
  uk very happy with their government confirmed !, 
  it 's not a race to the bottom , there are minimum wages which apply the same way to all eu citizens . 
  they do not compete on wages , they compete on being good workers . 
  it 's fairly ironic that you mention a race to the bottom since with the whole brexit ordeal it is likely that will happen in the uk . 
  you have just given the tory party the power to slash all human and worker rights they do n't like . 
  yes , but paying higher wages is obviously not good from a competitive point of view , especially not in a market which already works on very thin margins . 
  a problem in in a lot of the western eu countries is finding workers for certain jobs depite the unemployment numbers . 
  people just do n't want to work in those jobs . 
  they can be semi-forced by governments to take the jobs but what you end up doing is forcing businesses to take on unmotivated employees who are unproductive , call in sick , are bad for the spirit on the workfloor etc. 
  on the other side you have the eastern european folks who are in fact very loved by a lot of employers because they work very hard and are trustworthy . 
  that 's why free movement is so good for business , having motivated workers without having tons of overhead costs . 
  they would use article 7 on the basis that the uk government is not upholding its promises made to the public about the status of the referendum . 
  there have been made public promises by the pm about invoking article 50 the day after the referendum , and the official uk document on the procedures also states that they will uphold the result . 
  eu law rulings have always been much more in the spirit than to the letter and a case could be made that the uk government does not uphold its promises to the voters . 
  it is certainly possible these things trump the advisory status of the referendum in eu court . 
  if you read closely you 'll see that they speak about ` uk 's post eu future ' and ` after article 50 negotiations ' which would imply that the uk needs to have left the eu first . 
  to be honest it 's impossible to think this whole ordeal will be dealt with within 5 years , so the question is will the uk remain an eu member all this time by extending article 50 year after year , or will they leave in 2 years and continue negotiations from there trading under wto rules while a new treaty is being hammered out . 
  thank you for your well written and polite reply . 
  as for how the eu leaders and the commission approach it at the moment the message is pretty unanimous . 
  they all say there will be no negotiations untill article 50 is invoked by the uk , and they want the uk to do it quick - which likely means shortly after the new pm is in office . 
  we can only speculate on how the eu will approach the negotiations after a. 50 since nobody has said anything on that . 
  a norway style deal would indeed be the easiest to do , but you have to realize it would still take years to implement . 
  first you have to negotiate - payments , free movement , schengen - and then all that stuff has to go through eu parliament and all member state parliaments . 
  this stuff alone will take at least 3 - 4 years , lawmaking is a very slow process . 
  then the uk has to sell the deal to the voters which will be pretty hard i 'd imagine , and likely something for an election which will slow things down again . 
  all these years you will be under wto rules . 
  while the document is prepared by the uk government it was made for parliament to inform what the implications of brexit are . 
  it 's not a pamflet , it 's an academic document on the regulations , made by the civil service who are going to deal with all of this for the uk . 
  the paragraph you quoted is indeed one of the most interesting parts of the document . 
  it is also exactly what this thread is about , according to the commissioner they ca n't enter negotiations for the new deal ( the hypothetical norway deal ) until the divorce negotiations are done and the uk has formally left the eu . 
  so no parallel divorce and new deal negotiations . 
  this would mean a smooth transition into the single market is impossible . 
  the uk invoking article 50 does not mean they have left the eu , it only starts the 2 year departure procedure and during those 2 years the uk is still a paying eu member . 
  have you ever read the document i linked ? 
  it spells out entirely how the procedures are and debunks pretty much everything you are trying to convey in this thread . 
  as for the stuff they are talking about , what the commissioner is saying is that negotiations on future uk-eu ( trade ) relations are not allowed until the divorce is settled . 
  if that is really true they would by default fallback to wto rules until the new deal is there . 
  this could take a decade ( two elections ! ), 
  and would royally screw the uk as it means a massive blow to their economy if they have to leave the single market all those years . 
  \u2022 unspent eu funds due to uk regions and farmers ; \u2022 cross-border security arrangements including access to eu databases ; \u2022 co-operation on foreign policy , including sanctions ; \u2022 transfer of regulatory responsibilities ; \u2022 arrangements for contracts drawn up in accordance with eu law ; \u2022 access to eu agencies that play a role in uk domestic law , such as the european medicines agency ; \u2022 transition arrangements for uk exit from eu free trade agreements with third countries ; \u2022 arrangements for the closure of eu agencies headquartered in the uk ; \u2022 departure from the single european sky arrangement ; \u2022 access for uk citizens to the european health insurance card ; \u2022 the rights of uk fishermen to fish in traditional non-uk waters , including those in the north sea ; \u2022 continued access to the eu 's single energy and aviation markets ; and \u2022 the status of the uk 's environmental commitments made as party to various un environmental conventions and currently implemented through eu legislation . 
  source : [ hm government : the process for withdrawing from the european union ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/504216/the_process_for_withdrawing_from_the_eu_print_ready.pdf ), 
  that is for the disentanglement procedures , the ` divorce ' so to say . 
  the new relationship between the uk and the eu after the uk has officially left the union are a seperate deal and not part of article 50 procedures . 
  this new deal needs unanimity and if the new deal is comprehensive ( eg not just a simple trade deal ) it even needs to go through parliament in every member state . 
  before you can apply for a visa the company has to prove first there are no equilly skilled workers available within the eu . 
  basically if you are not unique/exceptional at your job you 're screwed . 
  as an easy to understand analogy for you , you do n't want those folks from eastern europe in your country and keep the borders closed . 
  the farmman needs his crops harvested but no proper brit is going to that kind of work obviously . 
  after trying to find folks for some time and seeing it 's impossible , he can now place ads in eastern europe and folks from over there can apply . 
  he then brings his candidates to the visa departments so they can have a few weeks of bureaucracy fun and earn their salaries while the farmman makes sure the housing , health insurance and other regulations are met so he can have his permit for his eastern european employees . 
  now the german it company needs a new guy . 
  there 's a choice between the dutch guy who can be lured over and is ready to go , or the uk dude for who the company has to make an application and get a visa , housing , health insurance which will take weeks . 
  guess who he 'll go for . 
  other countries will postpone negotiations with the uk until the uk has a deal with the eu since a uk in the single market is much more attractive to them than a uk with only a simple free trade agreement . 
  can you link me some of those interpretations ? 
  all the ones i 've seen , like the one from the now famous professor , state that the rules are indeed exactly like the commissioner says . 
  the 2 years are for disentangling the uk and the eu . 
  even if these rules were to be laxed it would still be huge bargaining chip for the eu . 
  the eastern european countries do n't do that much trade with the uk and on top of that the uk has just snubbed them pretty hard with the whole immigration part of the debate . 
  you make it sound like you are negotiating with an eu which has a single interest , but the reality behind it is you need to please 27 countries . 
  you could check out the video of the law professor linked in this thread , looks like he has quite a few ounces of knowledge . 
  just wait for the arguments you 'll see in a couple of months when reality starts kicking in . 
  expect something in the line of how reality needs the uk more then uk needs reality - eventhough that would explain their current way of operating . 
  every uk citizen will obviously drive an aston martin after the freedom pounds start raining from the sky . 
  they can always go to the european court of justice , i 've heard the rights to appeal and have a fair case are pretty solid in the eu . 
  are you going to do those negotiations amongst yourselves in something like those model united nations they do for kids , because no real country is going to negotiate with the uk before they have a deal with the eu . 
  thing is , how interesting you are to third countries depends on how good a deal you have with the eu so they need to wait you out . 
  i could refer you to the experts but my guess is you would n't be that interested . 
  jeez man we 're talking about the agreed upon rules of how to act in case a country wants to leave the eu . 
  your argument is that those rules to leave should only apply to countries who want to stay , and not to those who want to leave . 
  these people lived in a communist country during their entire working life which was not especially known for its retirement saving funds . 
  having a political vision does not automatically imply you lose objectivity and bend facts in your favour . 
  just as i do n't agree with their political vision yet i still hold their journalistic quality in high regard . 
  enjoy it while it lasts finland , we all know the uk is going to surge to the top now that they have gained their independence !, 
  i think his column in the telegraph is where he threw away his chances by making promises he could not keep . 
  doing so during the campaign is one thing , promising things after the result is far riskier . 
  i thought ` clusterfuck ' as in op 's post was quite apt . 
  yeah , just look at these glorious days where 150.000 tory party members get to decide who will be the next pm in the most turbulent period in recent history . 
  at first i thought this was quite a low number but then i realised that these tories are obviously a proper representation of the average uk citizen . 
  look at the magnificance of the uk parliament , another perfect representation where the people can decide if they want to have the tories , labour , or throw away their vote !, 
  that 's how you do national democracy , not that silly proportional stuff the folks in europe do . 
  the duty of the people is to provide a platform over which the political parties can play their political games like ` article 50 you 're it ' where the objective is to not be the one to trigger it , or ` you did n't see that one coming ' where you say you got someone 's back but at the last moment you suddenly stab him . 
  jolly good times , it is a wonderful time to be alive . 
  the ideals of the uk are so inspiring that scotland is very eager to try it for themselves . 
  that 's really nice of them because it will provide another awesome game for the uk parliament for the years to come . 
  the people need to be kept entertained and the blood must keep flowing , how else do you suppose to keep them politically engaged . 
  obviously the poor eu folks still have a long way to go , going back a century is not done overnight , but the uk has got our back because believe it or not , the uk still loves us !, 
  they are just too kind and in the long run we will thank them . 
  the eurocoaster : we promise an even better ride than uk politics after brexit !, 
  fair enough . 
  the main point i wanted to convey is that france is in a really good negotiation position because it is now the main focus for the eu to fight euroscepticism . 
  they are likely to have the backing of germany for plans that help the eu message . 
  a norway deal seems the most obvious indeed , not only because it 's in the best interest for the uk and the eu in general but also it 's easy to implement compared to going into years of negotiations and uncertainty . 
  it would mean current business and other deals can go on as it were and there will be no troubles about what to do with the students , pensioners and expats etc. 
  there might be some cap in place on free movement for a few years so the uk can sell it to their voters . 
  the price the uk are going to pay for leaving is losing their passport and euro clearing rights . 
  eu has to show that leaving has consequences to not risk its own existance . 
  ecb wants clearing out of london and paris wants those juicy banks .
