  this should be something you shake hands on the day you start negotiating , not something to keep hearing in the media . 
  now the issue is made part of the public domain and it will keep popping up in questions to candidates and opinion makers . 
  it makes you look like playing with peoples lives in the eyes of many europeans , and infuses the view of the uk doing negotiations based on threats . 
  it 's diplomatically dumb . 
  * i am the wisest man alive , for i know one thing , and that is that i know nothing * - socrates, 
  not only that , the type of deal third countries will make with the uk is massively dependent on the relation between the uk and the eu . 
  if they are not in the single market they are far less interesting , so some certainty about which direction the uk is heading needs to be there before you can even start drawing up a raw framework . 
   eu rules force it 's members to run surpluses or  brussels renews criticism of german trade surplus i know you guys are good at cognitive dissonance but this one is really stretching it . 
  you would think of all people those from the uk should understand the concept of using force to get what you want within the eu best . 
  it 's been linked before , but for those who have n't seen it [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxhcltsq_1e ) is a very interesting discussion about the background of the brexit vote . 
   for my intents and purposes it is . 
  ftfy, 
  i think it 's way better to not polarize and work towards the future together as pragmatic adults . 
  give the uk a few months to sort out their internals and decide what direction they want to head . 
  acting spiteful is only beneficial to eurosceptics , not to the best futures of both the uk and the eu . 
  if this new guy actually goes to environment department i think that 's really smart because that is definetely an area in which we want to keep working together in the future . 
   not all printers do that . 
  yeah i keep hearing that and it 's just sensationalism by the press after brexit . 
  keep on denying dude ... 
  well only dave has a printer , but he 's a pussy and did n't want to join so instead we just cut some letters from pile of suns and daily mails we have lying around . 
  this is good stuff . 
   not surprising , i left plymouth . 
  yeah mate that was a shitty thing to do , things all went downhill after you left :( why did you have to take the commas with you ? 
  it 's been two weeks , and after initial shock and some tense words i believe things have calmed down and pragmatics return . 
  it 's in nobody 's interest to have a hostile atmosphere . 
  the uk is going to get some time to sort things out for themselves and decide what direction they want to head . 
  if you start hurting eachother you also hurt yourself , which is incidentally one of the reasons the eec was founded back in the day . 
  the eu taking a spiteful stance would also feed euroscepticism in the uk and all over europe which they certainly do not want . 
  that 's why juncker got a smack on the head from the national leaders , they want to defuse the situation . 
  basically it 's the pragmatic lets act as adults mentality that has returned . 
  this is the right answer . 
  states do n't automatically get fined if they do n't make the 3 % . 
  they get fined if they are not making policies to work towards the 3 % . 
  the rule is for pressure on countries to make a stable budget , not for countries to just blindly get punished . 
  though i guess that 's a way less exciting narrative for some people . 
  daily mirror headline tomorrow : ** germany rape law ** * ` no means no !, 
  how do you figure the chances for farage popping up with a new national party in the near future , based on ` establishment not listening to the referendum results ' , ` we can make britain great again ' and ' i know i said i left politics , but many dissapointed people have asked me to voice their concerns ' ? 
  this was what i was thinking right after the referendum . 
  leaving the eu was accomplished , now focus on national politics . 
  the combination of all promises being made and them not being achievable together is basically a petri dish for growing dissent which i 'm sure ol' nigel is willing to channel . 
  imo one point where the uk is overestimating it 's power is on the size of the economy . 
  it 's obviously huge at the moment , but a lot of companies are in foreign hands . 
  for instance the car manufacturing industry is not going to deal with tariffs , half of their carparts are made in the eu . 
  same for a lot services , having access to the single market is more important than being located in the uk for them . 
  this gives the uk a weak negotiation position , propelled by the need for the uk to have a good deal with the eu in order for them to remain interesting to the rest of the world . 
  guess we 'll have to wait see , it 's going to be a long process . 
  also 1 liter is equal to 1 cubic decimeter , a cube of 10 x 10 x 10 cm . 
  not the poster you 're asking , but one of my big fears is when the wind blows really hard those propellors are going to turn so fast the whole thing will take off never to be seen again maybe flying over to iceland , they are very friendly to windmills i 've been told . 
  so my valid reason is why should we pay for icelands windmills . 
  was der fuck !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilqc3ylefgk ), 
  the euromast is a building of 186 meters high and has a restaurant high up and a ride to the very top . 
  as an actual public building , not an antenna , chimney or turbine , i would say this is the highest building . 
  also interesting is that a lot of high buildings we have are in one area in rotterdam . 
  you can google wilhelminakade if your interested to see it , rotterdam is developing quite an impressive skyline . 
  another interesting one is the markthal , a giant market building with apartments curved over . 
  ps i am from rotterdam , so some bias may be weaved in  we are developing real estate very well though . 
  one reason is rotterdam got bombed very heavy in ww ii so we do n't have that much old stuff to preserve . 
  the main problem is there still is n't any idea of what the future might bring , we are waiting on the uk . 
  meanwhile their economy gets hit and it effects our stuff . 
  for instance , the netherlands pension-funds manage over 1.2 trillion euros and use that to speculate and invest . 
  the brexit uncertainty means the dutch pension funds get hit , indirectly playing with peoples livelyhood after their well deserved retirement . 
  this is like a football game where one is ahead then the other . 
  i predict it will end in a penalty shootout after overtime . 
  jeez man he 's a fucking robot from the future , you are seriously underestimating him . 
  international war means nothing to him , he 's here to destroy our entire planet ffs . 
  well he 's pro eu and part of the commision , that 's all some people need to know . 
  he is also one of the most intelligent people of our country which also does n't always roll well , being a know it all . 
  he had a very high approval rating when he was minister of foreign affairs , especially after [ this speech at the un ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcgcbhnckyi ) after the mh17 disaster . 
  then he was appointed to a fairly important role in the commission and in one of his goodbye interviews he kinda tripped . 
  the gist of it is he said in his speech at the un ` were they holding hands , were they looking at eachother when the plane went down ' . 
  the interviewer said that was impossible because the story had always been they died instantly . 
  instead of saying something like it was a metaphor , he said someone was found with one of those breathing things you have on planes . 
  this was true but in non disclosed documents ( because of ongoing ivestigations ) , so he knew and the public did n't . 
  basically his pride got in the way of him being called someone who made up a story . 
  this of course called for some public outrage and he lost his hero status so there you go . 
  you have a career politician ( he had been an mp for many years before he became minister ) from the social democrats , pro eu , stigma of being a liar and leaving to ` fill his pockets ' in the eu commission . 
  that is a pretty good recipe for not being liked by some people . 
  hope that makes clear why he is controversial . 
  i guess peoples stance on him has more to do with their political views than the man himself . 
  at least for me it is . 
  though i think you had already guessed as much just did n't know the story behind it , 
  yes , i think the perceived euroscepticism in the netherlands is way overblown and based on loudest shouters . 
  wilders support is much more based on his anti-muslim stance and his eu agenda lifts on that . 
  in many studies the netherlands scores very high on eu support in comparison to other memberstates . 
  all in all i think we are people who are generally indifferent to most things , we are happy with stuff rolling smoothly without too much fuzz . 
  but those are not the interesting stories to tell in the media . 
  not an argument but a different light ; i like the man . 
  he is very outspoken though hence he 's more controversial . 
  the referendum suffered from the same problems the brexit referendum had , lots of people saying it means this and it means this and it means that , in the end it lost all meaning . 
  it went from anti eu vote people to people who are very pro eu but have problems with the situation in the ukraine . 
  it was a disaster imo . 
  this is so delusional . 
  your country is a mess . 
  you did your brexit and told the eu ` hey we 're leaving you guys , see you in 3 months when we hopefully have some idea what we want to do ' . 
  your leader of the opposition is running from camera 's and seen in front of some inquiry . 
  you need a new pm because in hindsight you had a pretty decent chap but he resigned . 
  backstabbing all the time , still going on in mp 's selection for the new candidates . 
  you 'll get one with massive backing and one who most think isnt up for the job , but hey we 're a democracy so the tory establishment needs to decide who is going to be pm . 
  there are some great promises made in the next weeks to win the vote of the members , some harsh comments are made , no worries , it 's still like the good old days and we 'll have a jolly good time while we leave the rest of the continent in uncertainty .
