  been hearing too much about the awesomeness of british democracy lately , but one referendum does not change their very unrepresentative democratic system which will continue as business now . 
  well soon . 
  i hope . 
  that was some horrible spelling by me haha . 
  dutch as well btw . 
  sorry again , have an upvote !, 
  this sounds so delusional to me . 
  your country is a mess . 
  you did your brexit and told the eu ` hey we 're leaving you guys , see you in 3 months when we hopefully have some idea what we want to do ' . 
  your leader of the opposition is running from camera 's and seen in front of some inquiry . 
  you need a new pm because in hindsight you had a pretty decent chap but he resigned . 
  backstabbing all the time , still going on in mp 's selection for the new candidates . 
  you 'll get one with massive backing and one who most think isnt up for the job , but hey we 're a democracy so the tory establishment needs to decide who is going to be pm . 
  there are some great promises made in the next weeks to win the vote of the members , some harsh comments are made , no worries , it 's still like the good old days and we 'll have a jolly good time while we leave the rest of the continent in uncertainty . 
  guess who wins in the end , the one that was unsupported by the mp 's !, 
  now the tories are ready to conquer europe and win the best deal ever because they need us more then we tho them . 
  it 's about time we could start cutting some of those labour rights , we are afterall elected in our world standard democracy !, 
  everyone knows we have the best interest of the people at heart and they know we 'll do the right things to keep our economy boosted we even have business friend who are very specialed in this stuff who are going to help us . 
  and the people love us , they are still cheering for brexit all the time afterall . 
  it 's just so incredibly unbelievable i sometimes wonder if it 's really happening . 
  i ca n't imagine any country letting this uncertainty simmer for so long . 
  if you want to shoot yourself that 's up to you but your hurting the entire continent without giving any clue about your plans . 
  well except for the fact that you want to use your eu citizens as bargaining chips . 
  then here you are telling us how we should aspire to your democracy and there 's milk and honey in the future while your economy starts crumbling around you and brexit is n't even in the news because hey we have tory elections , labour intrige , and an irak report that 's going to cause more upheavel to deal with first . 
  brexit has to wait a bit unfortunately because hey , democracy . 
  jeez man i could go on and on how incomprehensible this is for the rest of europe , and you still think you are going to be the populair dude when you return . 
  you 're like the man who tries to smell us smokedetectors while his shop is on fire , and instead of killing the fire that threatens to spread over to us you say well i 'm entitled to my lunch break now , deal with it . 
  peace . 
  edit : sorry for rage , got a bit riled up there :( edit2 : here 's a little thoughtplay . 
  your next pm lady arrives in brussels in a couple of months to finally start negotiations . 
  here she comes representing the 5th largest economy in the world !, 
  well maybe 6th cause it 's been a couple of weeks . 
  then mama merkel politely tells her hello , how 've are you doing , it 's been a while . 
  oh btw , we had some japanese , german and french car companies over here who were very concerned about their business and they could n't reach you because well , you know , the whole selection campaign . 
  grats on winning btw . 
  now you see , 40 % of the parts of their cars are produced in the eu and they were worried they would n't be able to deal with all the import and export costs of their cars should the uk fall back to wto rules . 
  we understand the uncertainty , we 've been having it ourselves haha !, 
  but they were very willing to find a solution and in the end we came to an agreement and decided to build new factories in romania , poland and other memberstates in combination with the eu development funds . 
  it 's a massive deal for the eu tbh , and the car manufacturers were very relieved i must say . 
  ah yes i 'm mumbling again , why would you be interested in eu business , you are here to negotiate your departure . 
  still sorry to see you go :( but please , continue ... 
  thank you , i 'll have a peek at that . 
  it 's amsterdam 's best internal export product . 
  you talk about exporting cars , but nearly your entire industry is in the hands of foreign companies . 
  what makes you think japanese car companies are going to make their cars in the uk instead of their own country ? 
  or any of the other countries that own the uk factories . 
  also your car industry is massively dependant on parts manufactured in the eu . 
  you sold off your entire car industry since the early 1990 's to japanese , german and french companies , even including the rights to brands like rover , austin and triumph . 
  thinking you 're going to sell cars all over the world is a pipe dream and frankly you should be praying that these companies do n't decide it would be more economical for them to build their cars in another eu country . 
  the uk is not a goods economy , it 's based on banking and services . 
  this means no major country is going to negotiate a trade deal with you before there is a deal with the eu , because if you do n't have a good deal with the eu you 're way less interesting to them . 
  not to mention banks and services are not location dependent and could relocate to other eu countries . 
  we are already seeing early signs of this happening . 
  though i guess you could always go and dominate the world [ cake ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mvzytx5zg ) industry . 
  cake, 
  well the cake is not a lie , which unfortunately ca n't be said about a lot of other stuff he told us :( edit : there must be some joke about how you ca n't have your cake and eat it too somewhere hidden in there . 
   incompetence to deal with refugees [ sure ... ] ( https://i.redd.it/acj2hsk4vv4x.jpg ), 
  they also help those who want to look deeper , at the end it says ' * get the facts , visit voteleave.uk * ', 
  great post , thanks . 
  one other essential part of the developement programs is they are invested in areas that are not interesting for politicians , eg 1 billion invested in london could result in 10 seats compared to say 3 in wales . 
  school tv dokter corrie , available on youtube . 
  the ` my first erection ' ( mijn eerste erectie ) episode is pretty good , though opinions may vary depending on gender . 
  edit : just to be sure : this show is not satire , this is actually shown in our schools . 
  i 'm not going to type all the current signals because people seem to do n't want to hear it anyway , but if you are interested you could check the speech mark carney from the bank of england did today . 
  basically he 's said the risks that were posed are beginning to crystallize . 
  the signals of what 's happening now are identical to what happened with the 2008 financial crisis . 
  some signs : investors are pulling out of investment funds and fear is the funds do n't have enough money to pay everyone back - which can cause panic . 
  pessismism in the city about the future has doubled from 25 % to 50 % after the referendum , and projections by banks and institutions for the uk economy next year have been adjusted from slight growth to 1.5 % shrinkage . 
  take it as you will , these are the market 's thoughts . 
   edit : if only all you lefties voting down my comment had left your basements to vote down brexit : ^ ) we are on / r/europe dude, 
  you do understand that these people can still come freely to the uk as a tourist right ? 
  they are eu citizens so they can freely travel . 
  free movement does n't mean entry , it means the right to work and live . 
  if they no longer can do that legal , they are going to travel in as a tourist and start working illegal because there will be plenty of employers willing to employ them . 
  just like in the past before free movement existed . 
  well what i 'm trying to convey to you is that those eastern european folks you do n't want to freely move in your country are still going to come and work in the uk , only now illegal because they are no longer allowed to do it legal . 
  so you 're getting less income taxes and have to invest a lot of money trying to counter illegal immigration and labour . 
  how is that good ? 
  i have another nice one for you . 
  illegal immigration and illegal labour is going to rise massively in your country . 
  those poles and romanians can still freely access your country with their eu passports . 
  they just ca n't get a working visa and have a legal job , but there will be plenty of employers willing to exploit them with low illegal wages . 
  one of the great benefits of free movement has been the diminishment of the number of illegal labourers in western europe . 
  well let 's just keep it at time will tell ... trust me , a lot of us are eagerly awaiting that moment when reality starts sinking in with folk like you . 
  their income is n't really that high and is based on not having to pay for insurence because of free nhs entry . 
  currently they get free spanish care , and spain gets compensated with eu funds . 
  if a couple lives on 1000 euros a month you can see it would be a massive part of their budget , and they are likely to have to pay high fees since older people are much more expensive for the system . 
  we are also very compact which combined with the excellent infrastructure means you have easy and quick access to all the universities and big cities in the netherlands . 
  that and we make stroopwafels for bribes . 
  yeah fuck people for caring about their future , sore losers . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
   ... i ca n't comprehend the abysmal stupidity . '', 
  christoph waltz sums op the reaction of people all over europe quite apt . 
  maybe he could resign as mep and stop getting a salary if he intends not to show up anymore . 
  that may be true , but it was n't big enough an issue for them otherwise they would have voted leave . 
  what it does show though is that nobody knows what was actually voted for in the referendum apart from ` leave eu ' . 
  that comes in many different flavours and now the tories of all people get to decide what flavour you 're going to get . 
  numbers have gone down from 10000 a day to 50 a day after the turkey deal was made . 
  controversial as the deal may be , it did solve a massive problem . 
  from a marketing point of view this is pretty genius .
