  guess who wins in the end , the one that was unsupported by the mp 's !, 
  now the tories are ready to conquer europe and win the best deal ever because they need us more then we tho them . 
  it 's about time we could start cutting some of those labour rights , we are afterall elected in our world standard democracy !, 
  everyone knows we have the best interest of the people at heart and they know we 'll do the right things to keep our economy boosted we even have business friends who are very specialized in this stuff who are going to help us out . 
  and the people love us , they are still cheering for brexit all the time afterall . 
  it 's just so incredibly unbelievable i sometimes wonder if it 's really happening . 
  i ca n't imagine any country letting this uncertainty simmer for so long . 
  if you want to shoot yourself that 's up to you but your hurting the entire continent without giving any clue about your plans . 
  well except for the fact that you want to use our eu citizens as bargaining chips . 
  then here you are telling us how we should aspire to your democracy and there 's milk and honey in the future while your economy starts crumbling around you and brexit is n't even in the news because hey we have tory elections , labour intrige , and an irak report to deal with first . 
  brexit has to wait a bit unfortunately because hey , democracy . 
  jeez man i could go on and on how incomprehensible this is for the rest of europe , and you still think you are going to be the populair dude when you return . 
  you 're like the man who tries to sell us smokedetectors while his shop is on fire , and instead of killing the fire that threatens to spread over to us you say well i 'm entitled to my lunch break now , deal with it . 
  please leave . 
  most is invested in creating new office spaces . 
  investors want to pull out because they think there will be less demand for office space in the future . 
  since most of the money is in the actual buildings these funds do n't have enough cash in the coffers to pay back the investors who want to pull out , hence the freezing . 
  the risk is people will start to panic and think they ca n't get to their money so everybody starts to try pulling out asap to not be too late , that 's when things start crashing . 
  adam or eve only options for leaders :(, 
  they also do n't play that much civ so less market implications when sellin in tenochtitlan . 
  we are discussing payraise for the low skilled jobs , not for every person that works in the uk . 
  but if they increase their prices it will be the buyers that have to pay . 
  less buying power for consumers . 
  less profit for the businesses that buy the services , so those businesses need to up their pricesas well . 
  etc , etc. 
  it trickles down the entire economy and means you are less competitive internationally . 
  `` are you saying bananas are not yellow ? '', 
  `` no , i am saying oranges are orange ! '', 
  nobody is denying the tories do n't have a big part in the brexit . 
  what you do n't seem to grasp is that they never would have arrived at this point without farage seeding his anti-eu sentiments into the disenfranchised old-labour voters for over a decade . 
  there is no scenario in which companies being forced to pay higher wages is good for an economy , if it would we would all be earning 1000 an hour . 
  it 's a form of protectionism in which the bill is always payed by the government . 
  according to the companies that employ people ... you have 3 flavours : - paying higher wages meaning less profits and lower taxes for the government . 
  - subsidies by the governemnt to the business to counterbalance the higher wages , meaning more government spending . 
  - selling their service for higher costs to their customers , which trickles down the entire economy , ending up with lower tax income the brutal truth is it 's economically more viable to let the labour market do it 's thing and just pay benefits to the people who ca n't find a job . 
  not that it necessarily refutes your point , but the working hours opt outs are exclusive to the uk and not according to eu law . 
  in fact the uk has been trying to negotiate much more lenient worker rights or scrapping them from eu regulations alltogether . 
  if anything they want to remove workers rights . 
  [ they indeed have perfected their ways in the drug trade . 
  ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/watch-16bn-drugs-gang-using-8346923 ), 
  do n't forget to get some popcorn . 
  the political pressure he created ultimately lead to cameron promising to hold the referendum . 
  i loathe the man but have to give him credit for being at the base of this whole ordeal . 
  you make it sound like these people are being slaved out . 
  they are perfectly fine with doing these jobs , and if they 're not they are free to leave . 
  it 's simple job competition which is a good prerequisite for a healthy economy . 
  swiss economy is based on extremely highly educated citizens . 
  medicines and medical equipment , chemical industry , high quality watches and jewellery . 
  not to mention switzerland is close to being an eu member in all but name , you know with the whole free movement deal and all . 
   sex , services , and sales oh thats 's awesome !, 
  sounds like i need to start working on my tourist visa application !, 
  edit : i fully agree with you btw . 
  this is what i replied to someone who said the uk was going to dominate the world car industry by exporting to china and india ... you talk about exporting cars , but nearly your entire industry is in the hands of foreign companies . 
  what makes you think japanese car companies are going to make their cars in the uk instead of their own country ? 
  or any of the other countries that own the uk factories . 
  also your car industry is massively dependant on parts manufactured in the eu . 
  you sold off your entire car industry since the early 1990 's to japanese , german and french companies , even including the rights to brands like rover , austin and triumph . 
  thinking you 're going to sell cars all over the world is a pipe dream and frankly you should be praying that these companies do n't decide it would be more economical for them to build their cars in another eu country . 
  the uk is not a goods economy , it 's based on banking and services . 
  this means no major country is going to negotiate a trade deal with you before there is a deal with the eu , because if you do n't have a good deal with the eu you 're way less interesting to them . 
  not to mention a lot of banks and services are not location dependent and could relocate to other eu countries . 
  we are already seeing early signs of this happening . 
  though i guess you could always go and dominate the world [ cake ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mvzytx5zg ) industry . 
  their business model is based on paying the minimum wage . 
  it 's not like you can just stop cleaning offices or say garbage collection is a luxury we ca n't afford . 
  killing of the food industry and becoming dependant on third countries would be even more stupid , there is a reason the us , china , japan etc. 
  protect their food industries . 
  if you do n't have food you have a massive dependancy problem . 
  what if the country you buy food from has a bad harvest . 
  who are they going to feed , the uk or their own people ? 
  they can still come in easily , they are eu citizens . 
  free movement is not about entry , it means the right to work and live . 
  now that those rights are gone , plenty of them will still come but now work illegally . 
  it does n't solve a problem , it creates a worse one . 
  out of curiosity , what industries do you think have the potential to make britain thrive ? 
  there are hardly any goods made in the uk , it 's mostly a services economy highly reliant on them being part of the eu . 
  what is going to make the uk ` the place to be ' ? 
  that is based on the assumption that employers are making enough profit to be able to pay higher wages . 
  do n't forget to mix in a bit of increasing numbers of illegal immigration and illegal labour by eastern europeans . 
  they were always able to take these jobs but they think the pay / minimum wage is to low . 
  eastern europeans willing to work for minimum wages are seen as undercutting them , neglecting the fact these companies would not be economically viable with higher wages as they 're already working on very thin margins . 
  do n't worry uk companies , these people will still be willing to do their hard work for you . 
  unfortunately now they can no longer do it legal so they 'll have to travel in as a tourist , but on the upside for your business it means they have no rights so they 're fairly easy to extort !, 
  do n't forget to fudge the books to not get caught and those pounds you used to use for salary taxes can now roll back in your own pockets . 
  never waste a good opportunity . 
  this is the gist of how these parties operate , one of their main pillars is the anti muslim agenda which is a shared interest with the jewish people . 
  for instance there is speculation of wilders receiving high amounts of money from jewish groups in the us , though it ca n't be checked because his organisation is a one man party without membership so his finances are n't public . 
  anti semitism hurts you way more then you could possibly gain in modern western politics , it 's political suicide . 
  that 's why it should be much more important to win the trust of the voter , they should trust you that you have their best interests at heart and make the right decisions . 
  proportional representation helps as well since it forces parties to cooperate instead of being standof to eachother . 
  a referendum leaves politicians unaccountable , everybody can keep piling on promises and if they stick then they are part of the agenda where people believe they vote for . 
  add a bit of anti establishment sentiment and being able to make a decision that shows the finger for feeling unheard for decades and you have a scary cocktail of people making a decision which has no longer anything to do with what might actually be good for your country . 
  i think a crucial point was the fall of the iron curtain . 
  after they 'd seen the eu had been able to turn the dictatorships of spain and portugal in to healthy and prosperous democracies , they made the decision to try that in the east as well to prevent some new iron curtain splitting europe and threatening our economies into a race to the bottom . 
  this made the eu as much political as it was economical , but i am really glad they chose to go that route because the political climate in europe would be way worse if they would n't have imo . 
  then the western countries need to explain there are many benefits depite being a net contributor , and that it 's also not as simple as ` we pay more then we get back ' considering the influence the eu has on our economy . 
  it really should n't be that hard to explain how great it is to have stable non corrupt democratic countries in eastern europe thanks to the eu which allows those people to grow towards our levels of wealth while our businesses get more stuff to sell because there is a stable environment to invest and the people have increasingly more to spend . 
  apart from economic reasons it 's just good for us to have stable countries there , and eu democracy and anti corruption regulations mean so much more to keeping peace than the nato could ever do by threat . 
  as for what it means to leave as a net contributor i guess we 're going to find out once brexit starts rolling further . 
  my reply does n't make much sense then and you have a valid point .
