  then you have a leader of the opposition whose main contribution to the debate is running away from every camera that is put in front of his face . 
  you are the laughing stock of europe and making diplomatic mistake after mistake , with the intention to continue this for a while before actual negotiations start . 
  then on top of that you are trying to tell the europeans how they should follow your example . 
  you are basically trying to sell smoke detectors from a burning store , and instead of putting out the fire you leave a threat of it burning down your neighbours with you . 
  that is why it 's a mess . 
  it 's incomprehendible how bad this shit is being managed . 
  i think you just unintentionally made the argument why a referendum is a horrible thing to use for such massively impactful decisions . 
  well obviously if they want to change that image the best thing to do is explaining why they did what they did and hope people understand and change their opinion . 
  that is not making excuses , that is standing for your policies . 
  it 's easy standing at the sidelines yelling everything is wrong , it 's much harder to actually have a plan and solve problems . 
  i have no illusion you can be convinced , but there are plenty of people who are willing to listen to reason . 
  i also fail to see what turks have anything to do with it , they are not among the refugees . 
  and as for them not filling open jobs , they are n't even allowed to work for the first couple of years until their asylum procedure has been finished . 
  people are saying he has no power , but while he has no formal power i can assure you he has a lot of influence on how things are going . 
  he has by far the highest name recognition out of any uk politician and has become a voice for millions of disenfranchised people . 
  these people think they have achieved democracy after the referendum and when they realise things do n't turn out as expected nige will be there for them to channel their outrage and stir up some shit . 
  now he has made leaving the eu happen he will shift his focus to the uk . 
  i expect him to pop up with a new nationalistic party sometime in the near future based on how the government is not representing the leave wishes and breaking promises , and that many people have asked him to step up for them to enforce the power of britain . 
  he 'll have a jolly good time further dividing the country . 
  the only positive i can see coming from this is pressure that a proportional representation system will be implemented over fptp , but it will come with horrible timing in regards to the political landscape they 'll have . 
  revolution is a bit far fetched , but i guess they 're in for a class divide that they have n't seen in 40 years . 
  farage already resigned from ukip earlier today because the leave eu goal has been achieved . 
  take a wild guess who is going to pop up with a new nationalistic focused party in the near future . 
  the reason most countries chose the opt-out was to get good regulations in place first , the uk chose a different path . 
  for germany an added reason was they were still in the process of absorbing an entire eastern european nation of 17 million people into their country . 
  as for the refugees if you think germany loved doing this you are delusional . 
  there was a humanitarian disaster happening on european soil and they were not going to let that escalate further . 
  instead of doing nothing they chose to actually attend the problem , got rid of all those dehumanizing images that reached us every day and worked out a deal that has reduced the number of people trying to cross the sea from 10000 a day to 50 a day . 
  you might not agree with that , but sometimes making a bad decision is better than making no decision at all and letting stuff simmer . 
  british people working in the eu do n't have much to worry about i think , they 'll get a chance to stay no matter what the uk does because it 's a perfect opportunity to show what the eu is all about . 
  all those pensioners in spain is a different question though , they have to hope really hard that the uk is able to make a good deal because without it they simply ca n't afford to live in spain anymore with health costs rising tenfold . 
  that early openness now is part of their downfall . 
  you have to realize they did not do this because they are so good hearted , they saw a chance to grab a lot of talented people before any of the opt-out nations got a chance . 
  this actually worked except for the part where they massively underestimated the amount of lower skilled workers that would want to work in the uk by a factor of 10 . 
  they were greedy and did not think it through , got the talented people they played for but did n't realise their vacuum would do the same for the eager lower skilled eastern europeans . 
  so something like making a deal with turkey to take the refugees and cutting the number of people trying to cross the sea each day from 10000 to 50 ? 
  i do n't know how up to date on syria you are but they under sanctions and getting bombed by us so we do n't have that much leverage left to force them to take their people back . 
  it 's fairly ironic that the eu exactly did what you are suggesting . 
  well i can raise you one !, 
  where i live there are a lot of people that if you would ask them to name five international politicians they would name trump , farage and le pen because they are their favorites , merkel because she is evil , and ` that greek guy leaching our money ' when he pops up in the news again . 
  i 'm not counting wilders because i 'm from holland so everybody knows him . 
  there is a growing gap in different countries and while i hate to be one of the people pointing out problems without coming with a solution , i have no clue what to do about it . 
  if i would i probably would n't be on reddit at this time of night , 
  even worse they gave a man with no responsibility whatsoever massive amounts of ` soft ' power to influence the country . 
  farage has the highest name recognition out of any uk politician i can assure you , and he 's going to keep stirring shit and dividing the country . 
  remember they live in a democracy now after the 24th where the people are listened to , and listened to they will be . 
  meanwhile any human and social law are free play for the tory party now that they no longer are protected under eu law , and while the people will be angry and upset the tories will just wing it with their next fptp election . 
  add a mix of unforseen consequences of the brexit and an economic recession and they 're in for a massive ride . 
  i apologize , i misunderstood and thought you were talking about free movement . 
  take that uk , the rest of us are ascending to the cloud !, 
  i can assure you he has the highest name recognition out of any uk politician , not even just in his own country but over the entire continent . 
  it 's scary how irrelevant he is :(, 
  you mean downsides like science flourishing because of it , business filling jobs westerners feel above , or the close to 1 million uk pensioners enjoying their old age in the south . 
  these comments are so degrading to a lot of hard working eastern european people who are loved by their employers in the west . 
  a lot of jobs would n't even be filled because the unemployed in the wealthier countries are above these jobs and prefer to hate on the people who are willing to travel half the continent to do good work . 
  for instance ask any fruit grower how he feels about the work ethics of east vs west and the importance of free movement . 
  a lot of those scientists are very mobile , they need to be able to get there - or other countries for that matter - in a whim if needed , bring an assistant with them or the new hired guy . 
  not having to do paperwork or planning months in advance for visa etcetera provides them more freedom and flexibility . 
  basically you are cutting a lot of bureaucracy to let people work more efficiently . 
  while there are a lot of reasons , one really good one is cern . 
  tons of scientists work from their own countries but can travel there with ease to convene or experiment . 
  it 's because the eu is not run on the basis of ` what does the uk want , let 's do that ' but on the basis of finding consensus between 28 ( to be 27 in a few years ) members to improve the welfare for all . 
  the more important question is why are you still here ? 
  i really do n't see the need to try and tell the rest of europe what to do , especially after you have decided te leave . 
  it 's ironic considering your remarks on juncker . 
  the whole paternalistic attitude is annoying tbh , especially seeing the entire uk politics in shambles and your people divided . 
  you 're trying to sell us smoke detectors from a shop that is on fire . 
  the ads you see are catered to you on the basis of your browsing behavior . 
  have you been reading and searching on europe recently ? 
  asians are immune to hypocrisy . 
  til . 
  we are moving to a world of much more durable energy , wind parks , solar panels , bio energy etc. 
  not to make it worse for you but here 's how the dutch do it . 
  if you travel by public transportation the employer pays all travelling costs , if you use your own car you get a compensation for every km travelled . 
  how much per km differs per contract , but the first $ 0.19 are tax deductable for the company . 
  the compensation per km people get is a lot higher though , $ 0.35 - $ 0.40 per km is very common . 
  to make the dutch story complete , you can also opt to use a bike . 
  you get an excellent high quality bike from your employer every so many years instead of the cost compensation . 
  again tax deductable for the employer . 
  there are quite a lot of people using this arrangement , especially in the civil service . 
  we just love our bikes . 
  but the gist of it is employers here pay for all your travel costs and people would be shocked to hear it 's not a given . 
  accept cookie popups !, 
  thank you . 
  to be honest i am really surprised this document is n't far more known , it 's an official publicly available uk government document made to inform the mp 's on how things will go should leave win the vote . 
  it clearly shows it 's not as simple as people think and it will be a process that will take many years . 
  i 'm not an illusionist that thinks every voter needs to be well informed about their vote , that is never going to happen and feelings and trust are just as much part of the deal . 
  i do however think for anyone mildly interested in politics and the referendum this document is not that long a read to digest a lot of useful information . 
  i agree , it 's a bit hypocritical to point at not everything going well in eu governance while that ignoring their own governments might also not always make the most efficient decisions . 
  i 'm also curious how the uk people are going to react when take back control means the tories cutting something like payed maternity leave because it 's bad for business or those billions that were going to be spend in wales are better spend in london because that could give them 25 seats instead of 10 in the next elections . 
  also if you live and work in another country . 
  for instance a lot of european pensioners living in southern europe with excellent healthcare , mobile people travelling between a lot of different countries having constant healthcare , students studying a few semesters abroad not having paperwork , going on a weekend trip and having an accident not having to wait 4 hours before getting care because insurance needs to be checked . 
  even though healthcare might have different quality in different countries , not having to worry about health stuff is pretty awesome for everyone . 
  well written argument , you have made a reasoned decision . 
  i 'm curious if you have also read the [ government document on the withdrawal process ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/504216/the_process_for_withdrawing_from_the_eu_print_ready.pdf ) and what your opinions are on it . 
  some things i find real scary like the civil service under a tory government reimplementing the entire human rights and worker rights charter , free to cut any current rules they do n't like . 
  the candidates to become the next pm have some harsh opinions on these things . 
  heh , that 's awesome . 
  thanks for linking , 
  [ look what popped up today on fruit pickers ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/jul/02/royal-norfolk-show-brexit-vote-farmers-food-producers ) .
