   subreddits are n't representative of life . 
  fortunately so , otherwise we would have had nukes pointed at us at the moment and juncker would have been extracted by an sas squad and held as a pow in london . 
  got ta love reddit , 
  yes but this means signing that right away to the executive , eg override the standard procedures . 
  basically the entire uk law needs to be checked and rewritten for references and crossreferences for laws that do n't apply anymore . 
  it 's just to massive a task to run through normal parliamentary procedures . 
  she does n't have children . 
  grats uk !, 
  she seems to be a kind and lovely woman . 
  yeah the new deal will certainly not be done in the 2 years , but it will be a part of the departure talks because if say the uk intends to go for an eea type deal in the future the departure will be different than if they go for a simple fta . 
  agriculture policy will be a national thing for the uk after leaving the eu , so national policy needs to be made parallel on sectors like these . 
  fwiw one of the experts thinks an eea deal is not the most likely future for the uk , he does n't see it politically feasible . 
  he foresees a bunch of bilateral agreements between the eu and the uk , where the uk will higly focus on some economic sectors and kills of a lot of others . 
  raoul ruparel : this comes to the point about the elections next year . 
  there is a good chance that if we trigger it at the start of the year , much of the year is spent waiting on the french and germans while they are going through their electoral processes . 
  it limits how much discussion and detail can really be got into . 
  as we have already heard , the member states will be setting the broad political agenda , and without the two biggest member states being able or willing to commit to firm positions , it will severely limit the scope of the negotiations . 
  that is an uncertain trade\u2011off . 
  we do not know how much can really be done in 2017 if we do trigger it at the start . 
  i guess it also depends , coming back to this point -- a lot of this depends on the separability issue . 
  are we negotiating ? 
  are we talking about just the transition arrangement ? 
  are we talking about the fta or whatever comes next , or both together ? 
  you might be able to make more headway on one than the other , but together it would be hard to see much being done when neither france nor germany are really able to call any significant shots . 
  tying it to the domestic political process though , is waiting another year or year and a half realistically feasible post a referendum ? 
  that is a big unknown as well . 
  marrying those two is going to be the challenge . 
  source : [ the uk 's future economic relationship with the european union ] ( http://data.parliament.uk/writtenevidence/committeeevidence.svc/evidencedocument/treasury-committee/the-uks-future-economic-relationship-with-the-european-union/oral/34854.html ) / [ video ] ( http://www.parliamentlive.tv/event/index/cb083c53-3998-4f3a-8eca-e114e3dbdf0b ) . 
  `` after intense deliberations over the past weekend i 've come to the conclusion that the job of prime minister can not be combined with being a mother . 
  i therefore think theresa may is the right woman for the job . '', 
  and you know the thing with negotiators ? 
  they are really hard to contract because they are masters of negotiations and know you need them more then they do you , 
  for what it 's worth , in the dutch debates for ep elections the blocks and candidates for each block were discussed . 
  interest in watching these debates is very low though even though it 's on national television . 
  most people are n't even interested in national politics , let alone european . 
  i do n't even think most care , their stance on europe is aligned with their national party choices . 
  if you do n't have a seat at the table you tend to be the one on the menu . 
  technically yes , but one part of the departure talks is discussing the future relations and setup a framework . 
  what it comes down to is that article 50 is a very vague and short text which gives some freedom on how to act . 
  it would be silly to not take future relations in account in the departure talks . 
  of course what the economy does with the uncertainty is major . 
  they are academics so they did n't exactly say ` we 're fucked ' but it came pretty close . 
  i think it 's triage between negotiation position , keeping the economy in control and dealing with national turmoil . 
  aye , i think the gist of it is shots will be called by the national governments , not the commission . 
  the actual people who will do the negotiation will act on a mandate of the council . 
  uncertainty was not discussed a great deal , basically everybody is waiting to see some sort of direction before any sort of prediction can be made . 
  guess you could say things are so unknown at the moment that it even trumps uncertaincy . 
  i believe this weeks meeting will be focusing more on economic predictions and chances . 
  this is an earlier post i made . 
  the video is about 2.5 hours long yet interesting every minute of it . 
  edit : to your question , the expectation is that the council will appoint a negotiation team and not let it be done by the commission . 
  it 's deemed to important , and article 50 does n't state the negotiations have to be done by the commission . 
  if you are interested enough to put in some time i can recommend watching the meeting in the house of commens on [ the uk 's future economic relationship with the european union ] ( http://data.parliament.uk/writtenevidence/committeeevidence.svc/evidencedocument/treasury-committee/the-uks-future-economic-relationship-with-the-european-union/oral/34854.html ) / [ video ] ( http://www.parliamentlive.tv/event/index/cb083c53-3998-4f3a-8eca-e114e3dbdf0b ) . 
  your actual question is asked at 11.32 it 's paints a pretty grim picture . 
  some stuff that stood out to me : * parliament has to sign away the rights for law implementation to the civil service , the transfer from eu law to uk law would eat up two years of parliament work just doing that if they would n't sign it away . 
  and it has to be done otherwise there will be a legal vacuum open to all kinds of abuse . 
  * the unique situation in these negotiations is the uk will be working on damage mitigation . 
  normal negotiations are done for gains but now the uk negotiates trying to lose as least as possible . 
  * it 's in the uk 's best interest to stall as long as possible on triggering article 50 . 
  the earliest it should be done is late 2017 - early 2018 . 
  triggering earlier would seriously harm uk position since there are elections in germany and france next year which will take their attention . 
  * anything more then a simple fta ( which is about 1 % of the entire thing ) would mean it has to be ratified by 27 member parliaments and europarliament . 
  if efta add switzerland , if eea add norway / iceland / lichtenstein . 
  eg , negotations in which over 30 countries have to be pleased . 
  * just ratifying a deal will take 2-3 years before it will be in action due to all these parliamentary procedures . 
  * trade deals with some 50 or so countries will cease and need to be renegotiated . 
  likely not before 2018 even . 
  the exports say triggering before german and french elections are done would be a bad decision because those countries wo n't have time and focus for negotiations . 
  but then there 's the public pressure to deal with on the other side . 
  it 's always easy to link numbers to show things are bad . 
  i do n't dispute things are hard there . 
  but you always have to ask the question what the alternative would be , and if the alternatives are worse then you have to make a hard choice . 
  the uk has not explored what the alternatives are and have manouvered themselves in a position where they only have choices between bad options left . 
  well thank fuck for that . 
  now the uk can start governing their country and start on some planning instead of continuing this shitshow for 2 more months . 
  they thought it would destroy their country and were brave enough to protect their people from a bad decision despite it being a much harder choice to make . 
  uk parliament is going to take the uk out of europe against their better judgement . 
  nato peace is based on threat , eu peace is based on bringing stability which is 100 times more valuable . 
  just imagine the direction some eastern european countries could have gone without all the anti corruption and democracy regulations from the eu . 
  if you make people your friends instead of your enemies there is no need for threat . 
  that 's why you ca n't simply say nato does it . 
  to be fair it 's not as bad as the 250 billion pounds the bank of england needed to reserve for the brexit fallout . 
  not doing the maths but it 's a bit more than $ 450 per capita . 
  the repair party . 
  do n't give up man , there is still 2 moths to go !, 
  who knows what surprises the future still has in mind for us . 
  we have only just begin , ca n't judge a show on the first few days . 
  we 'll see how it pans out , i 'm expecting a few trainwreck of weeks . 
  day one she was elected i already saw leadsom 's campaign manager bringing up guy marriage talking about moral values , which has nothing to do with intentions of changing policies but is just for pandering to the 150.000 tories . 
  another example of making an issue that is n't there . 
  what happens when you end up with a labour situation with a pm who has the backing of only 25 % of her backbenchers , and then heads into one of the most important negotiations in uk history . 
  they should have just made theresa may pm and actually start governing instead of letting this mess spin out of hand even more for 2 months . 
  anyway that 's my view on things . 
  i will sure be watching !, 
  she 's a tory politicion , she should be expected to be able to dodge a question . 
  though i agree that 's hard because it 's for a campaign and winning the vote . 
  which makes this even more diplomatically dumb in my opinion , because you are going to have two women who are publicly going to pen out their negotiation plans , upbid eachother on promises , and they wo n't be able to dodge questions because the public needs to know . 
  meanwhile every major eu politician can sit back , watch the show and answer any question with ` well they have n't even triggered article 50 yet , we need to first see if they are actually going to do it . 
  of course that 's fair , it 's so fair it 's almost a given . 
  that why it 's not smart saying it each time because you look like the one making an issue out of it .
