  we are on the fifth ? 
  year of ` cuts ' and that fund still has n't been touched, 
  we should have bought aapl stock when we could . 
  i mean , steve jobs was just so convincing ... 
  yes , still , is the lesser of two problems . 
  but overall i agree with you . 
  we 're now on the window of a 100th floor , and the govt . 
  just decided to climb just one more floor . 
  maybe the risk is worth it because falling from the 100th or the 101th floor has the same consequence . 
  i know it should be more diversified , but what 's the alternative ? 
  geting low interest from german aaa bonds ? 
  at least the higher interest ( 5 % ? ), 
  of the spanish bonds will be paid back to some sort of national institution if spain is not able to repay their bonds ( which i think it can , not that i agree with either mr rajoy , mr montoro or mr de guindos way of governing this country 's economy ) that social security fund will not be the biggest problem . 
  like the international brigades on the spanish civil war, 
  parent comment was joking guys , sigh, 
  abuse as in physical abuse, 
  video is pretty graphic . 
  soldiers beating a defenseless detainee on the floor . 
  article uses the verb `` maltratar '' which means `` to abuse '' , i used `` to torture '' in this headline . 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm not correct or if i mislead someone . 
  let china have siberia, 
  thanks , i hope in the future those deposits contribute to greece 's economy . 
  for the downvotes i got i understand everybody thought i was dismissing greece or the greeks , or greek environment . 
  poor greece , if someone needs any type of hypothetical boost like this would be greece . 
  eur is going up against the usd too . 
  good for importing oil . 
  bad for exports , right ? 
  move on !, 
  it 's just a viral campaign for grand theft auto 5, 
  turkey in 1997, 
  these were very big in spain as well . 
  the ones with the body , history and such, 
  ohhhh, 
  i figured as much from the youtube title/description . 
  i meant what 's she saying or what 's the show about . 
  context ?? 
  i stayed up late till 7am in 2008 elections , today i 'm going to bed, 
  well explained, 
  `` censorship '' is a strong word . 
   when the role of the banking supervisor is finalized , it would enable troubled banks to be refinanced directly from eu bailout funds `` eu bailout funds '' is the `` ecb printing '' or `` tax payer money '' ? 
   still up in the air is the scope of the banking supervisor . 
  berlin supports a scenario where only the eu 's biggest banks would fall under the supervisor 's jurisdiction , while others say all 6,000 of the eu 's banks should be included . 
  must be all banks , right ? 
  i mean , we must protect every citizen 's money deposited in every bank in the euro zone the same way , not give different regulations . 
  honest question : what are the reasons for germany to propose that ? 
   another issue is how to incorporate the 10 eu members who are not a part of the eurozone , which includes financial powerhouse great britain . 
  dont include them, 
  yes . 
  you are right . 
  still poland is # 5 on votes in the europarliament , as many as spain and a little short of italy and france . 
  their economy is going to get a big boost these next years . 
  7:1 ratio will go to 6:1 , then 5:1 ... 
  the other day i learned that dutch anthem names `` the spanish king '' , that 's nice . 
  i dont know . 
  i was just wondering because of the eastern rates . 
  awful . 
  does morning pill count as an abortion in these maps ? 
  thanks . 
  a lot . 
  that seems a nice alternative idea ( alternative to : `` yeah , let 's go for this united states of europe , thing '' ), 
  wow , thanks for the links !, 
  we need : * 1 ) a constitution * 2 ) a federation ( edit : or co-federation , i dont mind ) * 3 ) a president i 'm sick of 20 voices talking nonsense . 
  merkel says a , draghi says b , then german parliament says `` a with a but '' , german constitutional court says `` a is not constitutional '' , sarkozy then says b , monti says a+b - c. . . , cameron talks a bit more ... barroso , monti , juncker , olli rehn ... everybody talks ... everybody with a different opinion ... everyone looking in a different direction and with different goals ... also , having leaders elected by all of us wont hurt ... instead of this . . van rompuy guy , who is he ? 
  where did he come from ? 
  i didnt vote for him !, 
  did i miss an election ? 
  and who 's this baronese ashton ? 
  is she my president ? 
  and what the fuck does barroso ? 
  i mean . 
  come on . 
  so , if i bought an iphone in a paris apple store , would apple fix it to me on madrid 's apple store without hesitating on the 2nd year ? 
  ( without applecare ), 
  q : can i get my apple device to any apple store ( ie : when on vacation ) on the eu and get the same warranty ? 
  haha, 
  and cows per inhabitant, 
  it 's not about knowing , it 's about 10 seconds of googling . 
  nobody knows every single capital , but wikipedia does . 
  also spain from aa - to a, 
  well ... haters gon na hate and all that . 
  what the fuck ? 
  is this from an israeli rightwing channel or something ? 
  watchout !, 
  a king is in your money, 
   it have n't worked so , catalonia is , with 17 % unemployment , still one of the most rich areas of europe . 
  something must be working . 
  on both sides i mean . 
  also , i 'm not antagonising here the independency movement , it 's there , but i still think that catalonia should be in a somewhat con/federated way , as should all spanish nations be with one another , instead of the autonomous community experiment . 
  from more cohered ( is that the word ? ), 
  to less : * french way * spanish way * german way * swiss way i do n't know where to put the uk way , but . 
  anyway , i think the german model is right for all of nations in spain . 
  i think the rest of spain is sort of a economic scape-goat and catalan culture ( which is strong , and powerful , and different from south french , castillian , basque , andalusian & other neighbor cultures ) is used as a excuse in general terms . 
  link http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_independentism#polls as you can see , from 2007 to 2011 , the pro-indepentism growth is severe . 
  that 's caused by the economic crisis . 
  it stayed in the ~ 31-37 for almost two decades and then , in four years rised to 41 % . 
  ** and in the ` against-independence ' remains over 45 % for two decades and with the current crisis goes down to 22 % ** . 
  is economic . 
  maybe somewhat politic . 
  but not cultural . 
  also , the independentism swings with the ruling country spain .
