  it means `` i '' . 
  you can even read it as the roman numeral 1 . 
  it also cares a lot less about political correctness than the us . 
  probably a roma herself . 
  gypsy is not a race , it is a culture , the traveler culture . 
  there are good roma , there are good irish , but i 've yet to find a good traveler . 
  uhm . 
  migth i ask why ? 
  i did n't mean to offend anyone . 
  okay . 
  seems i misunderstood the spirit of the subscribers of this subreddit then . 
  fair enough . 
  but okay , i sha n't insist , i have no intentions of getting banned from here , i quite enjoy the content posted . 
  i understand this very much . 
  i ca n't say i have tremors ( except after exercising ) , but my hand-sight coordination is relatively bad , and my aim is terrible because i also tend to move my mouse a bit everytime i click . 
  no idea why , i just do it ... 
  i tried to train against it , several times , but to not much avail . 
  it took me months to get to gen 4 , and i gave up on the sniper challenges . 
  i also love parkouring and doing that and aiming at the same time gets unbearable at times . 
  so , in titanfall , where movement is king , i do use the smart pistol . 
  i have tried not to ever say anything here because i know that in this subreddit people really hate the smart pistol users , but i always wished i could tell you not all of us do it because we 're lazy , cheap bastards . 
  for some , the smart pistol is the very reason we play this game , because we literally can not play another fps well enough . 
  that said , for the most part i play frontier defense because it is perfect for players like myself , so i 'm not hurting any of you , 
  no , as people with a relaxed sense of humour . 
  take that as you will . 
  that 's some nice changes to the hud . 
  it 's good to see you play with your dad . 
  can never have enough dad jokes . 
  til you spell it niky . 
  / r/keming, 
  the caravel was not a warship , it was a scout ship . 
  it was used for exploration and fast travelling , mostly , but also served as escort for heavier , less maneuverable ships . 
  they 're so real , i thought someone was behind me clapping !, 
  russia migrating to ukraine ... 
  parkouring is where all the fun is anyway . 
  probably not . 
  how can anyone believe that obama is the most known person in the world is beyond me . 
  even in the current times , i 'm willing to bet sportsmen like cristiano ronaldo and schumacher are much more well-known , let alone in the whole of history ... 
  i 've never been in any place they do n't recognize obama because i 've never asked . 
  but everywhere i 've been they recognized cristiano ronaldo . 
  this is called anedoctal evidence and has no meaning whatsoever . 
  i can probably speak for my own country , portugal . 
  if i go to the countryside and ask an old person who obama is , some will know , but plenty wo n't . 
  some will even probably ask if he was the guy who blew up the towers . 
  in fact , i can think of a few old people i know , in the country side , who i can say 100 % sure wo n't recognize him . 
  i think this sort of ignorance probably comes from the topic at hand . 
  a politician from another country ? 
  meh ... not really interesting . 
  there 's plenty of those around , ours are bad enough as it is . 
  but a good footballer ? 
  or someone infamous for something so evil ? 
  that 's different . 
  that 's news they care about . 
  i 'd wager this goes for a lot of countries , especially the less educated and developed they are . 
  poor people do n't care for politics , they care for bread and games . 
  maybe i 'm missing something because i do n't know much about computey stuff , but why did n't you use print screen ? 
  i suggest new players try out frontier defense . 
  i have honed my parkour skills and mini-map awareness immensily doing so . 
  ah , right , new laptop , fair enough . 
  that spooked me a little actually , because no one said anything , i thought i was really dumb for missing something . 
  and in a way , i was :d, 
   seriously , cute guy with a cheeky cephalopod ? 
  sounds like japanese porn . 
  when did the hulk get so huge ? 
  when link beats one off . 
  northern portugal , yeah ? 
  viana do castelo even , i think , but not sure . 
  helps that i am portuguese , 
  what about cnn international version ? 
  looks like a great titanfall map . 
  the costume looks amazing . 
  i want one :(, 
  that works !, 
  tiras do baralho ou serve de joker ? 
  if he 'd been half a second slower , he would 've been splattered . 
  also , the titan entering animation still makes me feel funny inside . 
  awesome video :d, 
  i guess that 's as good a pick-up line as any . 
  similar in portuguese . 
  that 's an upgrade from the last `` duck mr. president '' post . 
  play frontier defense for many hours . 
  in time you 'll develop every skill you need to enjoy the game . 
  it 's easy to beat the ai as it is predictable . 
  black pig , even . 
  i do n't think any modern roman does that . 
  then again , it is italy ... 
  is it me or the guy screws to the left [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpzvaqypav8&amp;t=1150 ) , loosening the bolt ? 
   usanda, 
  i think you meant a g , not an s. 
  what are the colours ? 
  redditing in the bathroom are we ? 
  this might be one of the most elaborate and well written piece of garbage i 've ever read . 
  why are those eggs so white ? 
  diversity . 
  cria\u00e7\u00e3o do estado da palestina e do saara ocidental . 
   double agent is a burn card in titanfall . 
  this card makes all enemies outside of enemy pilots and titans ignore you completely . 
  it also causes smart pistols and archer heavy rockets to not be able to lock on to you . 
  enemy titans will not be able to see your health bar or lock onto you . 
  this is n't correct , is it ?
