  i do n't understand the joke . 
  well , is that what you learn in america ? 
  a bad guess , but i 'm not american either . 
  we learn the allies won the war , not the us or any particular country . 
  not only the industrial machine but also flat out dollar power to help other countries . 
  no one denies the us were fundamental in winning the war , but the human cost was very low compared to pretty much every other country , and that is something that is hard to recover from . 
  i think teaching your children that the us won the war ( if that even happens , still not sure ) is a total lack of respect for everyone else that died in there . 
  to be fair i always thought it was a ` murica-rulz joke , they were just kidding , that they actually learn that america was the sole responsible for victory has never crossed my mind because it 's so absurd . 
  a psa for new people like me :, 
  watch out for the tab key while opening your game . 
  if you do n't pay attention , it will delete your save file . 
  i lost 10h of gameplay because of that . 
  i was n't connected to the internet while playing it so this is the most bullshit thing i 've ever seen . 
  que pena . 
  hey , what do you feel about a good , big , cheap portuguese dinner in a restaurant i know about ? 
  pm me about what day is best for you and we 'll see what we can do !, 
  edit : in lisbon !, 
  it is the same for portuguese , except for the ` ario ' part . 
  we do have ` santuario ' , but i never knew what it actually meant , a place for saints . 
  cool stuff . 
  shame you did n't put this in / r/portugal rather than this half-dead subreddit : /, 
  would have loved to have done something with you . 
  i hope you enjoyed your stay !, 
  credit where [ it is due ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/civ/comments/2is1tc/uhhthanks_ragusa/cl4zb96 ) : / u/soupjuice in / r/civ . 
  i 've tried posting it ( after waiting some hours for someone else to do it ) . 
  was not very successful , unfortunately . 
  was n't at american peak hours , though . 
  why would you use luxuries in the sea , would rather have fish for food , 9/10 would not use . 
  neither napoleon nor hitler invaded russia as winter started . 
  they did it as summer started , in fact . 
  most of the international one . 
  wednesday is the only day it would work out for that friend of mine . 
  is it okay with you ? 
  if so , let 's talk !, 
  if you have a contact i can reach you easier with , that 'd be great . 
  pm me . 
  demoraaado . 
  the amount of people that does n't know this is amazing ... 
  they are assuming an army goes from the russian border to moscow in a few days . 
  it 's true that both hitler and napoleon were pretty much defeated by the russian winter , yes . 
  but they entered russia months earlier and had to fight their way in . 
  that these are hand-drawn gifs make it all the better , then !, 
  til i am no redditor . 
  correct . 
  that arrogance was their mistake . 
  but that 's not what these memes ever say , it 's always about them actually invading in the winter . 
  i wish you had a source for that . 
  it 's actually very believable , or at least it 's easy to assume the difference has something to do with the moorish conquest of the peninsula which never happened elsewhere . 
  it does , actually , if you had an inch of respect for your friend . 
  but columbus was indeed a rapist and a murderer and not really a great explorer . 
  i do n't know about you , but if someone invites me for something and i say i am going , i do everything in my power to actually go . 
  if for some reason i am unable to go after i say i will , i always try to make it up for them afterward . 
  it 's a matter of respect for the host and upholding your word . 
  if you do n't do it , that 's your problem . 
  does not mean everyone is the same . 
  sometimes i wonder how reddit chooses its thumbnails because that 's an awful one . 
  i am not voting on you at all ( [ proof ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m5flabl.png ) ) , which not only shows how flawed your point is , because your so-called proof is null , but that you also assume things that are not true . 
  there are shitty people in the world , indeed , and it is clear by your arguments that you are probably one of them , which is sad , but not everyone 's an asshole , which is pretty much what you are implying . 
  also , stop editing your posts and start thinking before hitting save . 
   just because you are n't does n't mean others are n't . 
  that works the other way around too , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  you begin by stating that you do n't really care about agreeing to an event because you may as well not show up , to which i respond that is a lack of respect for your friends . 
  afterwards , you go on about how the world works and all . 
  that 's quite the scale raising there . 
  it 's true there are shitty people in the world that lack basic respect for other people 's time and efforts , but there are also good people who will uphold themselves to their friends . 
  in fact , if we would use reddit votes in this small chat of ours as evidence for numbers ( let 's not ) , i 'd say there are more people who 'd agree with me than with you . 
  so while you can say that there 's no point in asking people to confirm , people some people are assholes , i say it is the opposite , there 's a lot of point in asking people to confirm because some people are not . 
  and you can just filter out the assholes eventually . 
  but i agree with you on something : there 's a lot of misuse of downvote/upvote on reddit , unfortunately : /, 
   i was so terrible when i started playing ( in july ) that a guy messaged me to leave !, 
  you know , that also happens to great players . 
  here 's a quick answer to why they 'll never ban the smart pistol :, 
  the game will sell less . 
  there 's a 48h free game trial on pc , there 's videos , a little bit of research and they 'll find out . 
  they can also tell friends , etc. 
  are you kidding ? 
  an easy mode gun for people who 've always been bad at fps games ? 
  it most certainly does . 
  edit : would someone explain the downvotes , please ? 
  [ full video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5umgrjgerpm ) . 
  how popular are the power rangers , still ? 
  interesting thumbnail . 
  i may be reading this the wrong way , but how are guys showing them their junk with text messages only ? 
  mind you , i 'm not american so i do n't know what exactly you call text messages ... 
  was n't that an april 1st joke by some guy editing the video ? 
  i live in europe too and no bank charges for atm use at all , even from other banks . 
  queen elizabeth the immortal . 
  now i need a lordship and to forge a lot of rings so i can also call myself the lord of the rings . 
  it 's so sad everyone around is watching it either from their cellphones or the giant screen . 
  why did you stop with the tau jokes ? 
  i liked those . 
  or dig sites . 
  why does the auto-titan sometimes go and run off away from you ? 
  is there a meaning for # 3 or is it just unreasonably insane ? 
  what the heck , you make it sound like it 's some really hard thing to do . 
  without bankrupting your family , even . 
  a carolina torres . 
  i have used [ this ] ( http://www.gimmegoody.com/desktop-earth-wallpaper-screen-saver/ ) for years , and ca n't get tired of it . 
  i love the earth , and am a meteorologist . 
  this wallpaper not only shows the weather in any major city i wish , it also shows the sun rotation along the day , both in real time .
