  they 're going to do what they 're doing now : get their cheap university education sponsored by the state and get the fuck out of the country . 
  are you talking about war refugees or southern european young men ? 
  rectilinear borders are so unnatural to me , am just not used to it . 
  it 's a lake in scotland . 
  would work better with , say , a ship and a mythological person . 
  is n't it in soda companies best interest to find a cure for diabetes ? 
  more like between land . 
  til i 'm not white . 
  looks like tesla logo . 
  or so i wish . 
  unfortunately i have n't had the tim $ to get some delicious looking done and post there . 
  but there are some interesting recipes there . 
  i 'll have to add some more now that my thesis is done . 
  i guess that the more detailed a country is , the more powerful it was . 
  or , at least , with more information . 
  when did that happen ? 
  how is soda hard to give up ? 
  i can understand fast food , it is convenient , but there are no excuses for soda , zero . 
   `` it 's my son 's birthday , it 's my son 's birthday , '' he was heard to say as he lay wounded . 
  this probably saved the man 's life . 
  okay , can i ask a serious question here ? 
  it might be downvoted but i hope it is n't . 
  i am really curious :, 
  everytime there 's a bullfighting scene from anywhere outside america , no matter the context , there 's a lot of anger and comments about wishing the death of other human being . 
  yet when there 's a rodeo , the speech is entirely different ... 
  what gives ? 
  i could understand if all bullfighting was demeaning to the bull , but not always , yet the comments are always violent against other people . 
  that is not always true for bullfighting . 
  there are dozens of different bullfighting traditions , most do not involve the bull getting killed but just played around with before being released to a field full of cows so he is full of testosterone and mate with them . 
  allright , i guess at least that shows consistence . 
  dunno , it 's nyc we 're talking here as well . 
  then again you would get the feeling of experiencing the smell of wet soil in another planet . 
  one side values human life , the other one does not . 
  i will let you understand which side is which . 
  depends on the country . 
  i do n't think most work , maybe some 20 % , really . 
  probably . 
  statistics has really never been my strength . 
  i 'd like the code if you would n't mind , could learn a thing of two , 
  \\  [ mfw ] ( http://economico.sapo.pt/public/uploads/articles/1_novo_site/nunoribeirodasilva.jpg ), 
  thank you !, 
  mowgli and bagheera , roles reversed . 
  you 've gotten it the other way around . 
  socialism is caring for citizens trough ownership of the means of production . 
  and in some countries ( one in particular ) , eating or even harming cows is a really nasty thing . 
  there is enough for everybody , but there is n't much . 
  that is only true twice a year ... 
  the sun is only exactly above you , in the equator , at noon ( when sextant measurements are made ) only twice a year , no ? 
  ... that 's the english flag . 
  what does that have to do with relativity ? 
  there 's nothing relative about it . 
  yes , but i think the op was putting it into an american context . 
  there 's still time !, 
  i ca n't tell if there 's a banana for scale or a giant grasshopper ... 
  to be fair i 'm not really surprised at all the americans have an eye in everything . 
  it 's one of the most obvious things ever to be revealed . 
  why , to save the environment ? 
  that url describes you . 
  because there are several branches of mathematics . 
  it is a plural word . 
  maths makes the most sense . 
  here 's a frame showing a few , they dim a bit in time :, 
  had to google to make sure that was n't something out of lovecraft ... 
  o que \u00e9 tb ? 
  oh , he just ca n't wait to be king . 
  would n't getting side effects from suggestion also be a placebo effect ? 
  nocebo happens when an effective medicine does not work at all due to suggestion , afaik . 
  edit : nevermind , a bit of google corrected me . 
  you are right . 
  is there a name for a drug not functioning due to suggestion ? 
  i guess that would also be a nocebo . 
  it is my understanding that americans take a lot of pills during their lifes ; i could be wrong - it is just what i see in a lot of movies ( yes , not reliable ) as well as on normal day reddit stories . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-17963222 ) article states the us has 80 % of the world 's painkiller drugs ' comsumption . 
  you seem to treat your pills like you treat the food you eat , or the water you drink : a normal occurrence from your wee ages . 
  could this ( if it holds true ) be related to the cause somehow ? 
  a moon this close could very well abide the end of humanity . 
  one way to notice this is to close a nostril and breathe in , then close the other and repeat . 
  one of them will feel significantly easier to breathe with . 
  if you repeat that a few hours later , it will be the opposite . 
  you mean [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_african_rift ) ? 
  i think it is the opposite . 
  from the abstract . 
   these results suggest that an increase in the copy number of tp53 may have played a direct role in the evolution of very large body sizes and the resolution of peto \u2032 s paradox in proboscideans . 
  in other words , having the genes is what allowed elephants to grow big and , since they do n't have cancer , old . 
  i guess that 's one less lamborghini in his lamborghini account . 
  how heavy is that wind ? 
  this is a [ scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffcxhr8akdk&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=144 ) from noah . 
  you can see the seasons trough the owner 's shoes . 
  ca n't help but notice that broken hand . 
  this is an awful joke . 
  hey bot , / r/funny is n't in your list for a good reason !, 
  that kick in the end . 
  a radio broadcast warning you not to look outside , without any further information . 
  to be honest , most comments even in / r/new are trash . 
  do people call you richard ? 
  how long is your commute ? 
  do the horses have those at all time or only when a fire 's incoming ? 
  could be risky on an emergency ... 
  there is n't a single thing in that list that a toyota hilux ca n't do . 
  except for interior space , which it has exterior space anyway .
