  were those camels like in fags ? 
  that 's a shitty banana for scale . 
  no , they 're potatoes . 
  was it any good ? 
  told to tow tu youyou 's toyota to you . 
  sorry for your loss , i hope he had a good life and brought you much joy !, 
  as if white girls do n't yell loud enough at their phones already . 
  sorry for the confusion !, 
  i keep what i said about the joy though , 
  using the bot to say this , as i have zero photoshop skills :, 
  warning : loud yelling at the beginning for no reason whatsoever . 
  my ears ... 
  is this a feedback wave ? 
  what is happening ? 
  i came to this subreddit to ask exactly this ... no way to get to the entire thread when linked to a single comment . 
  oh well , guess i 'll have to wait . 
  sugar in everything plus indoors entertainment . 
  from where ? 
  i have n't seen anything 6 hours old . 
  but i will remove it if it has been posted already . 
  depends on her personality . 
  the femurs seem a bit disformed . 
  reddit gave out gold to everyone who posted on something a few months ago , ca n't quite recall what it was anymore . 
  to be completely fair i saw it [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/starwars/comments/3nyfrz/he_saw_his_chance_and_he_took_it/ ) , so it is a crosspost , but not from 6 hours ago . 
  sure , but it 's also five times cheaper or something of the sort . 
  which is why it is so popular in poor countries . 
  ah [ bom ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?&amp;v=ifkvhge8lw0 ) ... 
  that 's not why it is popular ... 
  there are loads of sports that only require a ball ( if any ) and a field ( if any ) , and it 's not like you only play expensive sports in the us . 
  it 's popular because it 's fast-paced and it 's part of the culture now . 
  i mean , it 's not like it is n't popular in other rich countries around the world . 
  edit : would anyone be so kind as to provide an explanation as to why i am being downvoted ? 
  that does n't help any discussion ... 
  what the hell is with the traffic rules in that place ? 
  that 's a rogue . 
  rather one post than an awful lot of them . 
  that 's the last one . 
  sempre tens o / r/portugal para mais portuguesices . 
  talk about a sandy vagina . 
  is it that common over there ? 
  that 's okay , i do n't think we 'll lose anything important . 
  was about to ask , it was the damn last bridge of their walk !, 
  good woman ? 
  what the fuck ?!, 
  is it even legal to shoot someone not attacking you in the us ? 
  bitch be crazy , dudes !, 
  is that hondo ohnaka as well ? 
  the photo is so black my dirty screen makes for a beautiful star view . 
  told to tow tu youyou 's toyota to you . 
  that migth be true once in a while , but not this time . 
  was i a victim of poe ? 
  to be fair it fits very well into the american stereotype we make fun of here . 
  it absorbs visible light . 
  that does n't mean it wo n't radiate its energy in other wavelengths . 
  edit : i actually went and googled some :, 
   vantablack is a substance made of carbon nanotubes [ 1 ] and is the blackest substance known , absorbing a maximum of 99.965 % of radiation in the visible spectrum . 
  [ 2 ] it is composed of a forest of vertical tubes which are `` grown '' . 
  ** when light strikes vantablack , instead of bouncing off , it becomes trapped and is continually deflected between the tubes before eventually becoming heat . 
  yeah , good thing pizza is a vegetable . 
  light is only the visible part of the entire electromagnetic spectrum . 
  absorbing it does not mean it ca n't lose energy elsewhere , by means of radiation in other wavelengths or heat transfer with its surroundings . 
  that said , a simple wikipedia search brought me this about vantablack :, 
   vantablack is a substance made of carbon nanotubes [ 1 ] and is the blackest substance known , absorbing a maximum of 99.965 % of radiation in the visible spectrum . 
  [ 2 ] it is composed of a forest of vertical tubes which are `` grown '' . 
  ** when light strikes vantablack , instead of bouncing off , it becomes trapped and is continually deflected between the tubes before eventually becoming heat . 
  i ca n't really answer that as i do n't have the technical knowledge ; it would depend on how fast it would heat up versus how fast the item cools down to get back to its thermal balance temperature . 
  i 'll leave it to someone who knows the stuff . 
  well , they do . 
  it 's not like they 're forced to , anymore . 
  except maybe for the uk and its overseas territories . 
  he could have said they 're in the business of developing better medicine and still get his real objectives done . 
  you know , that 's basically socialism , or at least as far as basic human rights go . 
  another $ 5 will buy you a tank . 
  the one guy coming out behind the truck makes for the whole gif . 
  space sloth , or ss for short . 
  that 's a brave comment to make on reddit , an american website . 
  while i very much agree with you , the truth is that basically anything unfettered is bad anyway . 
   between 1492 and 1914 , europeans conquered 84 percent of the globe , establishing colonies and spreading their influence across every inhabited continent . 
  how you know something is american : 1492 . 
  portuguese discoveries started more than fifty years before that . 
  i did n't ? 
  that i can say , it 's quite hard to criticize capitalism on reddit , outside of specific subreddits . 
  not at all , i welcome it . 
  that was extremely hard to read . 
  such savagery , what are we , americans ? 
  not really , it 's about 5.6 x 10 ^ -16 n , that 's not a lot . 
  landing at the euroports . 
  so , what , 50 % of the world 's population + 1 live there ? 
  my foot . 
  i 've been trying to understand forever what o7 means ... is that a salute ? 
  how do you get charged for overages ? 
  i think old people already pay too much for their medicine , and once in a while i do indeed wonder why there is n't an age limite for some things like driving or having an opinion , but i think charging for getting old is a bit too much ... 
  because they are almost ubiqutuous and do not fight or run . 
  no , that would be british parents . 
  is second world even used in an economical sense ? 
  is n't it just first and third world countries ? 
  what do you mean about brasil ? 
  why did you not continue your wikipedia quote to an also relevant part ? 
   a socialist economy is based on the principle of production for use , to directly satisfy economic demand and human needs , and objects are valued by their use-value , as opposed to the principle of production for profit and accumulation of capital . 
  please do n't make assumptions like that .
