  but just so everyone knows , it is not a mixture of either . 
  it is a different variation of latin altogether . 
  it may have a few words borrowed from them , but it 's the same the other way around . 
  just like english and german . 
  their roots are similar , but they are different , with words borrowed from one another . 
  heck , there 's also words in english that come from portuguese , yet they 're not the same at all !, 
  havias de ver os acampamentos no hospital de santa maria . 
  claro . 
  up to what age ? 
  my father bought one too and we all made fun of him for it . 
  but truth be said , it is actually really nice . 
   introvertidos, 
  all that is required for this is for one guy to have two accounts on his wii u and play dual-screen multiplayer with both accounts . 
  matches will be based on player 1 , which is why everyone is high ranking and then there 's that super low level which probably does n't race at all . 
  i 'm guessing he 's doing it for the lulz , but on the other hand , if the other account is player 1 , then those are the matches you get . 
  i could be wrong or misinterpreting it , but when i was at 3500 vr , my sister created an account and insisted she was player 1 , we faced 1k rating guys , despite my own vr . 
  so maybe he 's exploiting it . 
  i ca n't see the map , but i 'm guessing europe did n't go full nazi there . 
  ca n't you control the amount of water you flush with ? 
  i have the opposite experience , venice stank the three times i 've been there . 
  once for the carnival , even . 
  you know what they say . 
  if everyone around you is an asshole ... 
  fireman is a gendered word . 
  it 's not the talking that bothers me , it 's the standing around looking at each other part . 
  feels like a waste of time somehow , even if i have nothing better to do . 
  i can do conversations no problem if i 'm doing anything . 
  but my hands feel sweaty and i feel lost just by standing around talking about the weather . 
  which sucks because i 'm actually a meteorologist . 
  i do n't . 
  e-books are n't tremendously popular here , there 's still a decent paper market . 
  i see you still have dial-up . 
  i have to slightly correct you . 
  it is not the roma that are hated , any honest roma who works and gives society his/her due will not feel hatred except from racist people who will also hate other races , and exist everywhere . 
  as one example , i know of a town where there are roma families that have lived there for centuries and are an integral part of it . 
  no , it 's not the roma . 
  it 's the gypsy culture that is hated . 
  and there are gypsies , or travellers if you will , that are n't roma . 
  ... but nothing , there is discrimination for sure , but it is not so much against the roma as a race but rather against the gypsies as a culture . 
  i know . 
  i do n't see where in my posts i 've said otherwise . 
  that said , it is slightly different than what the nazis had . 
  not trying to justify it , still a shit thing . 
  what does 1-5 mean ? 
  so if i try teleportation i 'll know what anesthesia feels like . 
  got it !, 
  hypothesis . 
  to be fair , she probably felt too bad to say anything , not even sorry or thanks . 
  being single . 
  i just ca n't seem to stop doing it !, 
  `` constipado '' means having a cold in portuguese . 
  everytime i read about someone being constipated i am surprised by the context . 
  placing a knife in the trash is n't dangerous ? 
  interactive-art director , not interactive art-director . 
  water bottles . 
  people who have n't really read my comment and respond based on the topic . 
  the datapad is awesome . 
  i loved it . 
  tells so much about mordin , how he even fucked aria , good man . 
  genuine question from an esl : is n't the feminine form of actor an actress ? 
  literally hitler . 
  what about wine ? 
  what are the isolated counties in texas and north carolina ? 
  os dentistas . 
  i do n't know the context for either of those names . 
  half-life 3 . 
  the portuguese were friendly enough . 
  so op is still 8 ? 
  no , i 'm guessing it was the balkans . 
  clapping does seem really weird in a bar , but a bunch of drunk people being happy about it is n't really that unbelievable . 
  it 's a tight dress for trees . 
  it does , but it can also be in a number of other countries , no reason to be european or slavic at all . 
  maybe the emigrants , there 's a lot in that area , especially in newark . 
  that said , i did have pork chops for lunch today ... 
  i 've read a lot more ignorant stuff on reddit than this . 
  world 's first global empire capital . 
  i know , i say it myself . 
  i did n't mean to say you are wrong . 
  you are n't . 
  do n't know about that , but you can probably find out my toilet paper orientation . 
  i 'm portuguese , and my name 's the one brazillians always associate with portuguese men . 
  but they always spell it wrong , so it can be annoying . 
  it is also a relatively rare name nowadays , more of an old people 's name . 
  i may be slow tonight . 
  why a blue hammer ? 
  damn it , that simple ? 
  could n't find anything about it using mobile google , all i get is complaints about the ending . 
  thank you . 
  i did leave mordin alive for me3 , shooting him then and the incredibly heavy cutscenes after were quite hard to do . 
  i wanted to leave the galaxy with as much destruction as possible , destroying colonies , extinguishing races ( geth , quarian and rachni ) , nearly obliterating some ( krogan , humanity - earth got burnt ) , i even let the bomb explode on tuchanka just for that effect . 
  you just have to stick with being a heartless evil bastard . 
  or maybe i just am a reaper spawn . 
  still , i think the hardest thing i did may have been sending dr. chakwas completely alone trough the collector 's base . 
  poor old woman . 
  ca n't link as i am on mobile , but check out the wiki on the sidebar , it has a link that helps you get started with lisbon . 
  hope you enjoy lisbon , and be sure to try our food . 
  some of it has indian influence !, 
  i can do both , but i 'm much better at inward whistling , much louder , nitid and controlled . 
  i can also do a third whistle that i have yet to find someone who can do it where , rather than using my lips to form a gap , i shut my teeth and , while gently pressing ny tongue to the base of the top middle teeth , blow air out , then using my lips to control the sound . 
  this does n't give nitid or loud sounds , but it gives a lot more control than the normal way .
