  that is your issue . 
  you 've probably had bad experiences in the past . 
  one is doing 6 / ( 2x ( 1 +2 ) ) , the other is doing ( 6/2 ) x ( 1 +2 ) . 
  that 's brilliant , but would that work over ipod headphones and music ? 
  i might have the best : i never had one in my door . 
  has religion up to her neck . 
  i always ended up making the green-bearded mushroom or the pointy hat face . 
  phonetics , i 'd wager . 
  i 'm confused , are you okay with the ichthys proclaiming itself as truth and eliminating evolution ? 
  we used homeless people as sailors to navigate around the world and start the world 's first global empire . 
  the field locationid from first table matches the field location from middle table . 
  again , the field titleid from third matches title from middle one . 
  the purpose is to find data that is compatible with both tables . 
  eg , with an employees first name from second table you can retrieve his adress from first table even though it has no name field . 
  i 'm sure i had a brilliant , well-thought reason that took me more than it should to think of . 
  but i ca n't remember it at all . 
  i do this everytime i create a new internet account wherever , i just ca n't stick with one name & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  [ / r/ionlyfucksmartpeople ] ( / r/ionlyfucksmartpeople ) . 
  actually , you should also read what sanchopandaren said . 
  the symbols mean something too . 
  a guy ? 
  a guy ?!, 
  that 's the fucking jesus !, 
  starcraft 2 is worth trying if you 're into strategy . 
  broke with girlfriend ? 
  my plan , still due to change , is to donate valid organs for medical and scientific purposes ( in that order of priorities ) , then cremate the rest and have one part sent to my family 's farm ( this part does n't need to be ashes , but that 's just more humane to whoever is carrying it out ) , one part into the high sea , one part into the insides of an active volcano , one part into the high atmosphere and finally , one part into space , hoping space travel will be cheaper in 50 years . 
  also , if your birthday means june 7th ( can never tell , not being american on an american site ) , that is mine too , although i 'm from 85 , 
  it 's written all over them : [ socialist federal republic of yugoslavia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia ) . 
  travel the world . 
  wait , can you actually lan sc2 ? 
  i 'd say this is a matter of culture , not species . 
  there are many human cultures where people actually interact with strangers . 
  so , another negative karma account incoming . 
  what does it say on the screen ? 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  to increase immigration . 
  the us has done such campaigns for century and a half , but nowadays germany is probably a better place to live in . 
  where is this posted , anyway ? 
  scumbag woman : goes to rome , wants upvote , makes sure the world knows it was with the ex . 
  fuck off , nobody with half a brain believed that . 
  so by trolled did you mean she got mad at you ? 
  [ quite a few ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lisbon ) . 
  building 20 overlords vs building 20 phoenixes that wo n't do anything the rest of the game . 
  well ... 
  dogs are caring , loyal , protective , playful and beautiful . 
  some , at least . 
  an astronomy book . 
  i had the exact opposite situation : as an astronomy student , was given a gastronomy book . 
  you know , as a joke . 
  plus , stars are cool !, 
  it means that if you were to drink water from the sink , you 'd better flush out all the toilet water first . 
  so , uh , did her mother failed to abort her , did she abort and not die horribly , or did she fail to abort ? 
  if you mean the flame , it is indeed a mixture of very hot gases , but if hot enough it can turn into plasma . 
  that 's what happens in the sun . 
  american civilization ! = western civilization . 
  just thought i should point it out . 
  i was n't talking about religion . 
  oh , okay , thank you . 
  was n't sure what it meant . 
  it 's arguable if buddhism is a religion or a philosophy of life , though . 
  i understand that , but let me rephrase it . 
  atheism is related to the existence of a deity ( or well , lack of ) . 
  if a religion is the belief and worship of a higher level deity , then it is arguable if buddhism is a religion , considering buddha was never proclaimed a deity . 
  that said , most people definitely consider buddhism a religion , but it really is different from all the others . 
  as said below , if it is a religion , it is the exception that proves that deities are actually a bad thing . 
  one can clearly see it is supposed to show a thin africa as to represent the hunger that devastates that continent . 
  ah , the wonders of modern art . 
  of course i was . 
  should i add / s after my post or something ? 
  at first i was sad at you not loving her ever again , but reading the rest made me understand . 
  this is overall a really sad and desperate letter , i am sorry for you . 
  nevermind that you 're her daughter and that you are alive , all she cares is what happens after you 're both dead . 
  sigh ... 
  how can people who do n't speak english answer this ? 
  actually , that is pretty accurate . 
  as esl , i can attest to it . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and guess it was during cold war , because commies ai n't free . 
  everytime you hear the expression ` the world is in shock ' on american tv , chances are the world has no idea of the news itself . 
  i reckon you swapped a w with a t. . . 
  atheism is the default position , too . 
  if agnostic is accepting that you ca n't explain it and inteligent is being able to explain something , how did you come up with such an awful argument ? 
  is your uncle a crime investigator marine ? 
  of course . 
  english is n't special or anything . 
  no , agnosticism specifically says you ca n't look at ways to explain it . 
  every land on earth is taken already . 
  so unless you can convince a country to give you a piece of land , you ca n't . 
  it scares the beasts away . 
  or not american . 
  would [ deism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deism ) fit your belief ? 
  no need to be a jerk . 
  well , you need money to live . 
  be witty , but do n't be a smartass . 
  in other words , try making jokes but do n't try to make yourself smarter or better than them . 
  when you 're dead . 
  that i do n't live there . 
  you should first learn what scientific laws and theories actually are . 
  to put it very simple , a law tells us how things works , a theory explains us why things work like that . 
  a law of gravity tells us how to calculate its effects on bodies . 
  a theory of gravity would explain why it works like that .
