  one day i just got tired of all the whining , and i got tired of all the grinding , all the farming , everything required to be a proper high-level raider . 
  i got tired of doing absolutely nothing with my life but get virtual gold for what i eventually realized was useless . 
  so one day i just gave up . 
  i quit the guild , quit the game , found a guy who would buy my character and sold it for a decent price ( $ 500 ) , not even looking back or regretting it even though i had spent years of my life working and perfecting that character ( it had pretty much every burning crusade and wrath of the lich king pve item it could have ) , got some help and i am now considerably better , having lost a good amount of weight ( 40 + kg ) , and increasing my grades considerably , all the while making my family , who always supported me , happy . 
  i have n't replaced this addiction with anything at all . 
  i do n't feel i 'm addicted to anything . 
  i can choose what to do with my time without giving priority to anything , although i 'm rational about it . 
  to finalize , i 'd say i was selfish . 
  i did n't care what my family suffered for it . 
  my mother had cancer , and i 'm sad to admit i did n't really accompany her or even cared much . 
  luckily she made it , and i am now very happy to still be able to be with her , and genuinely scared of what could have been if i lost her during that time . 
  this is a simple version of my story . 
  i hope it helped you . 
  it always feels good to share and know it is in the past , forever . 
  tl ; dr : world of warcraft , man . 
  do n't play it . 
  they were also from the south states by the look of it . 
  the uk colonizes north america . 
  without gravity it would n't have been a very good freefall record . 
  i 'm european . 
  we 've slapped most conservatives into reason a few revolutions ago . 
  this . 
  a friend just asked me the exact same question and i just showed her . 
  use the telephone . 
  because obama is black , therefore bigger dick . 
  what 's wtf about this ? 
  why did the muslim in the back lose her glasses ? 
  / r/trees, 
  sincerely , the best advice i can give you is to be patient . 
  the shield is n't likely to go anywhere , so just work for a few weeks/months , and buy it then . 
  do not be hasty in spending money , it 's seldom a good idea . 
  `` you 're right . '', 
  move to a country with healthcare then . 
  or cook meth . 
  it really does n't like either angry or serious . 
  handicaps . 
  i ca n't see the part where he 's crazy . 
  my guess is that it used to switch on a heater or something like that , and the light was there to indicate it was on . 
  i suppose said heater or other such device has long been removed , but the light and switch are still there . 
  i did use to have something like that at home . 
  today is a long , long day . 
  / r/civ or what am i missing here ? 
  i guess this is why americans build their homes out of wood . 
  it 's not legal . 
  you just do n't go to prison if you 're caught with minimal amounts . 
  is that a courageous rocket or a penis with a blister ? 
  american tests . 
  edit : for the downvoters , we call multiple question tests the american tests in my country . 
  i was being serious , not trying to be funny or anything . 
  not here they do n't . 
  how it works here is that we elect a guy from one party . 
  four years later , we 're not happy with what we did , so we elect someone from the opposition . 
  but again , four years later , we kick this last guy and elect someone from the first party . 
  and so on . 
  i mean , from another perspective you could say our candidates have 95 % chance of victory , yes . 
  a loan . 
  looks like she 's about to kiss you . 
  you still need to cut trees , though . 
  i 'm assuming that 's what he meant with effects on local environment . 
  not that it is a problem if you have a country house in the middle of nowhere . 
  one or two trees per year is not an issue ( number will vary according to where you live , of course ) . 
  and who does n't love a good fireplace ? 
  the only reason i clicked that link was to see if someone else in there had noticed it is n't an iphone . 
  was not disappointed . 
  stay smart , reddit . 
  so i 'm not the only one who names my saves `` link '' , right ? 
  what am i saying , it 's reddit , most people here probably do it . 
  that , or `` turd '' . 
  did you have to instagram the frame ? 
  did he hit him with the planned iphone 6 ? 
  grain of salt ? 
  i 'm actually lost here , have n't kept up with creationists lately , what the fuck is that about ? 
  r'hllor , the red god , i suppose . 
  it 's caf\u00e9 in french and spanish too . 
  hey man , for what it 's worth , you helped someone else find out the name of such marvellous music . 
  thank you for being curious !, 
  i 'm from the 80s and what is this ? 
  i ca n't see any sheep . 
  what snoutmol is saying is , how can you be introspective while browsing reddit ? 
  on an unrelated noted , english question ( not first language ) : is the comma correct in the above sentence ? 
  well , now i know there 's / r/clouds too . 
  can someone explain me why there 's always a lost shoe involved ? 
  ca n't people tie their laces or is there extra force coming out of their feet ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  it means there 's something wrong . 
  also , you could post a text post and just put the image in it . 
  because someone else is going to ... 
  the bible . 
  i read it fully when i was about 13 and have n't believed a thing from it . 
  i 'd enjoy imagining his fall all the way from the airplane that was flying him to/from the us . 
  ` murica . 
  your lack of commas is puzzling . 
  besides , what would reddit be without the obvious unwitty post ? 
  neither is the mayan calendar anywhere close to that age , for that matter . 
  edit : i 'm wrong . 
  disregard . 
  or am i ? 
  so i did , and found [ this site ] ( http://ephemeris.com/history/mayans.html ) stating this :, 
   the mayan timeline began on 13 august 3114 b.c.e. 
  ( very near the start of the egyptian old kingdom ) .
