  we would . 
  after all , the europeans did a lot of good work in the 19th century . 
  it 's just the conditions that would n't be as good for scientific proliferation . 
  how many bastards have you sired ? 
  not ambition , greed . 
  i do n't know , but whatever the top story is , it 's going to be made in the usa . 
  i have no idea . 
  i 'm not american . 
  i just thought of the most ridiculous thing you could do in an hospital . 
  keeping in mind , of course , that if you do get charged for bandaids in the states , it 's probably some $ 100 or something for wasting the staff 's time . 
  i 'll be the one saying no . 
  it may be because i live in a sunny country ( portugal ) , and i absolutely adore feeling the sun 's heat . 
  even indoors . 
  what about it ? 
  i did try to say that conditions in europe were not bad either , but they were better in america . 
  perhaps i did n't explain myself well . 
  funny how the shooping made the background look cloudy . 
  i 'm surprised portuguese is actually portuguese !, 
  no money begging on that game . 
  holy shit , i need context . 
  `` where are your security guards ? '', 
  i just finished my dinner . 
  it was vegetable soup . 
  americans . 
  nipples , obviously . 
  no , it just knows you 're male . 
  at least it is n't black & white ... 
  prostitution . 
  are you getting paid to browse the internet ? 
  what 's the pro part about ? 
  who gives a shit ? 
  curious here , why ` they ' ? 
  is it because you do not know their gender , and it 's fine in english to do that ( when it 's clearly one person only ) , or am i overthinking and you just have no reason at all ? 
  mal-capone had answered already , but i do appreciate the link . 
  i was n't aware of the concept of singular `` they '' , so thanks for it , the examples seem to be good . 
  it 's always nice to learn a bit more of a foreign language . 
  of course we do chant it ( well , not usa , my country ) once in a while . 
  i mean , it 's not every time someone farts , but on occasional patriotic events . 
  we just do n't have a lot of proud moments , that 's all . 
  work to live , do n't live to work . 
  europe has strict gun laws . 
  the us does n't . 
  where do most shootings and death by firearms occur ? 
  i 'm surprised the us actually has a labor day , it being pretty much a socialist holiday . 
  i 'm glad , to be honest . 
  edit : s\u00f3 agora reparei , submitted 14 days ago , porque raio estava isto no new ? 
  if you are quite calm indeed , do carry on . 
  oh man , why do the illiterate assholes get the girls ? 
  please do n't have the child , they do n't deserve you . 
  well , quite slim , because having a degree is pretty much a huge bonus not only to knowledge and experience , but also to actually getting a job to get you started . 
  now , you can try and be a self-made man by finding something in your area that has not yet been done ( for example , if your town lacks a candy shop , be a candymaker . 
  but you 'll have more chances if you take a degree . 
  that being said , having a degree is also not the only thing required to be successful . 
  if you are a natural entrepreneur , it helps a ton !, 
  you , home , now !, 
  might not be what you want to know , but it still may be interesting :, 
  the english alphabet is pretty much the same as any european alphabet , bar greek and cyrilic . 
  that said , the sounds are very much different . 
  take the letter ` a ' , for example . 
  i 'm portuguese , and to explain the sound of my letter ` a ' , i 'd have to use a word like , for example , alphabet . 
  that high pitch ` a ' in alphabet is how i say ` a ' in my language . 
  it 's all entirely different , really . 
  tintin in the congo is very well known as being a horribly racist and abusive book . 
  tourism . 
  it 's like god is kill . 
   i just joined reddit ( ... ) hilarious parts of reddit culture that never get old ? 
  i did n't know lad was an average american word . 
  those are your preying instincts kicking in . 
  i hate it when 12 years old think they 're funny . 
  you did n't . 
  the trevi fountain was not built at the time . 
  it was finished in [ 1762 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trevi_fountain#commission.2c_construction_and_design ) . 
  they 'd run out of playmates fairly quick , to be honest . 
  you should remove this picture , it 's got his number in it . 
  also , this is n't really funny , show us something really silly and oldtimer-like !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's not like all hippies were born in the 60 's , yet that 's what you think of when you think 60 's . 
  know wat . 
  should have had a crown to actually nail it . 
  ca n't get more classy than a token black guy . 
  feel free . 
  if you 're curious , rex means king - tyrannosaurus rex means the king of the tyrant lizards . 
  that 's a young tree , that 's how . 
  i 'm not . 
  i wish i could , though , compared to the republican crazy , but not being american is quite the impediment . 
  that is very young . 
  the tree was planted inside of it , that 's all . 
  i 'm confused at the picture for that game tester ad . 
  if i was a theist , i would simply tell you that god made camels ugly to make sure his middle-eastern , bronze age followers would not rape them . 
  think of it as a camel-burka . 
  ca n't tell if badly photoshopped penis or awfully photoshopped bacon & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  this is an old myth . 
  there are virus for mac . 
  you 're just an good user . 
  and you decided to post it on the internet ? 
  what 's the point of this post ? 
  in conclusion : the fahrenheit scale is retarded . 
  the same thing that happened to me before i was born - unconsciousness . 
  fucking feet , how do they work ? 
  you could have googled it ...
