  oh man , as a death knight knowing those lines by the lich king are amazing !, 
   of course , should you fail to survive , know that i shall claim acherus for my own . 
  arthas may have sought revenge on the citadel , but i have ... other plans . 
  oh man , what do you reckon bolvar 's plans are ? 
  repairs and trash items . 
  o jurassic park . 
  i do n't get it . 
  curiosamente \u00e9 o que est\u00e1 no wikipedia . 
  having so much hair makes this great . 
  how does drw help with necrotic ? 
  do you party more or what ? 
  huh i did n't actually read that part of the tooltip ... 
  maybe you have a / cast [ @player ] gorefiend 's grasp macro ? 
  kings and emperors were known to do that , why not a god ? 
  this is a stretch but what if there 's a twist in all this and they 're referring to n'zoth ? 
  that 's deathwing flying away from draenor , right ? 
  oh , right . 
  was wondering why this was sas , flew right over my head . 
  is this in portugal ? 
  unfortunately there are a lot of miserable dog owners who feel next to nothing about them , but you can report them for it . 
  quick note about your hidden question :, 
  the city 's name is porto . 
  however , there 's a ` glitch ' in the portuguese language where we always use the direct pronoum before some city names . 
  for example , you could refer to the city of caracas as `` la caracas '' . 
  now , this is rather irregular and no one really knows why we do this , but it is indeed the case for porto - when we refer to it , we will always say `` o porto '' , and this is where the confusion stems . 
  so , porto . 
  pronto , i estou corrected . 
  so i just got one of those 860 with a gem slot . 
  still , it 's a good stat stick despite no stamina . 
  all ships are floating . 
  why is every top guild horde ? 
  nothing against it , but are alliance racials really that bad ? 
  you will all burn . 
  burn . 
  burn and die . 
  smolder . 
  i reckon the fight will have a lot of adds , perhaps a legion of them . 
  saving is easy , it 's investing that should be taught in school . 
  i suck at it whilst being good at saving . 
  `` these tears ( ... ) embody the dream of what our world could be '', 
  is that not the very definition of the emerald dream ? 
  could this provide clues to as what exactly elune is ? 
  perhaps elune is a manifestation of the original blueprints of azeroth itself ? 
  mergulhadores franceses . 
  i 'll give acherus to bolvar if death knights can keep a giant frost dragon as order hall . 
  the cinematic is very much a nod to [ wotlk intro video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcr7y4slhck ) when arthas gets his sindragosa mount . 
  you should add `` 890 '' to it since we 're looking at keyboard input . 
  hey man , are you the same binkenstein that helped me get realm first everything back in wotlk with your awesome theorycrafting ? 
  kudos if you are !, 
  what exactly is a transform boundary ? 
  will we get to ride lara croft ? 
  your name reminds me of wotlk . 
  children can only count to ten because that 's how many fingers they have . 
  computers are the same , except they have a lot more fingers . 
  how else do you prepare chicken broth ? 
  what about its shadow ? 
  i thought if mages cast their portal inside the order hall they would get back right to where they cast it in the first place , much like dks , monks and druids ( and maybe some more ) . 
  on the other hand , not a single one used dks and warriors , as it seems . 
  this blows my mind way more than it should . 
  just yesterday i realised that pope john paul ii died in 2005 . 
  that 's 12 years ago . 
  why is time always running so fast ? 
  what are we looking at here ? 
  we 're not evil , we 're just empty inside and do what the living can not . 
  dks are lawful neutral . 
  sure . 
  slaughtering paladins is n't evil , just ask the priests . 
  it 's not hate , it 's sibling rivalry . 
   substantivo masculino, 
  substantivo masculino, 
  ( equivalente no portugu\u00eas do brasil : bibi . ), 
  o tempo verbal . 
  o uso do ger\u00fandio ( tempo verbal ) . 
  that 's just the occasional darkness . 
  for the most part we 're killing the enemies of all . 
  i do n't get it . 
  \u00c9 o procedimento usual . 
  thank you , but i still do n't get it . 
  sorry , i 'm not updated with nintendo news , is the latest console 's command called joy ? 
  allrigth , thank you . 
  aparentlly , not being up to date with nintendo news is frowned upon here ... 
  it should be noted i came from r/all . 
  drogado . 
  your request is very confusing , but perhaps have a look at the offset formula . 
  `` volutold '' is a great word !, 
  you ca n't take the sky from them so you took the floor !, 
  where is it now ? 
  [ as respostas de exames mais engra\u00c7adas # 5 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq7v-1rs_uu ), 
  everyone has their followers cheering for them , but death knights go to the desolate frozen wastes all alone . 
  suffer well . 
  and 60 \u2105 parry so that 's pretty much all the pre-pull mitigation you 'll need . 
  should n't the halls of valor be considered a part of ulduar ? 
   `` if you move to portugal because you like fado or vinho verde , or love the climate , then you should be able to do it . 
  but if you 're moving just to avoid taxes , then i think you should look yourself in the mirror and consider if one really wants to make that decision . '', 
  i do n't know how to feel when i read this , as an european from a medieval city ... 
  misreading sucks . 
  the instagram comment thanks the isp company for good connection and it reads like an ad , but the image shows skype warning for bad connection . 
  while the meme did originate on reddit ( along with the safe fad for a while ) , it went far beyond that . 
  so no , i do n't think it 's a reference to reddit itself but to that meme . 
  there 's even a top raiding guild ( method , i think ) , that stated that they prioritize gearing their dps because it is that important .
