  i have never heard sombrero in anything other than related to the actual sombrero mexican hat , but gorro i 've heard . 
  i do n't think they 're even in the same order of magnitude in the sheer number of people that know them . 
  if i tell you ronaldo must be known by 5 billion people and obama by some 500 million-1 billion , i really do n't think i 'm too off . 
  ronaldo is a football superstar , he is known by pretty much every single village there is in the world where two kids play with the thing . 
  obama is just the latest president of a big country , but nobody outside the first world really cares . 
  i tried to google lethal penetration but i got less than clarifying results . 
  what would that be , on a tree ? 
  i still feel awe when i enter my titan . 
  uhm , maybe it does , i 'm not anglo-saxonic so that 's not what i assumed you meant at all . 
  i , on the other hand , would feel sad not to find different people on a short drive , if i lived in a giant country . 
  i feel it kinda sucks to travel for hours and find little to no diversity . 
  like [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnamese_dong ) ? 
  portugal . 
  why is n't germany blue ? 
  also why is the us exempt from being fully painted red ? 
   american seamanship was and is second to none . 
  that 's a bold statement . 
  i 'd say the portuguese had better seamen back in their time . 
  all puns intended . 
  that 's portuguese discoveries for you . 
  a few smart men , the occasional ( forced or not ) help from locals and a lot of dead peasants . 
  you can see the same route [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/caminho_maritimo_para_a_india.png ) . 
  this is a map of vasco da gama 's first discovery of the maritime trade route to india . 
  as you can see , you have a giant curve trough the equator to avoid easterly trade winds and you travel as south as you can till you start getting the opposite direction winds . 
  i have never heard that before . 
  but i guess it is possible , but not for the reasons you think . 
  the british did not have control of the slave trade , and thus they probably tried to keep their slaves alive further time . 
  i think it was more economic driven than anything else . 
  the british empire ( and , later , the us ) , could not get slaves from their source , as that was controlled by the portuguese . 
  thus , it was in their best ( economical ) interest to keep them alive as much as they could . 
  it 's 400 years , actually . 
  that means 20000 per year , and from more than just one port , and more than one ship . 
  say , for example , if you had two travels per year , with five ships , from four different ports , you 've probably hit the quota already . 
  it really is n't unfeasible at all . 
  to be fair , you were partially right . 
  it does represent the croatian town now , but it used to mean the sicilian town as well . 
  it even has a pew pew sound ... 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  corn is grain . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  it 's not old british at all . 
  good job misspelling nineveh and having everyone else who did n't read the article or has a basic knowledge of history to flock behind you ... 
  i was expecting portugal to be higher , to be honest , being the oldest allies and a very popular british tourist destination . 
  / r/europe, 
  / r/worldnews, 
  edit :, 
  how so ? 
  soa-me a disparate . 
  the odds are higher that he is not chinese than he is chinese , are the not ? 
  say a has 10 % chance of occurence . 
  p ( \u00c3 )  p ( a ) , where \u00c3 is not a. 
  do you understand now ? 
  ftfy, 
  the precision is irrelevant . 
  if you were raised using imperial , you 'll always find it more precise than metric because you 've established in your brain how much an inch is . 
  likewise , if you were raised in metric , you 've established in your brain how much a few cms are . 
  same for fahrenheit and celsius . 
  there is zero logical reason that either fahrenheit or celsius are better . 
  but since celsius is decimal , directly linked to kelvin , used by pretty much everyone and , more importantly , has a much easier name to write , it is superior . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpge_0lea3o ) you go . 
  i do n't think he had blue eyes ... 
  believe it or not some people have chat disabled . 
  are you comparing spartan warriors to us marines ? 
  thank you , captain obvious . 
  / r/cringe por favor . 
  are you guys taking the shit on all of us ? 
  where the fuck are you reading anything at all ? 
   that thing is called fat acceptance . 
  it benefits all women . 
  i do n't think benefit is the word you were looking for . 
  `` can we take a second '' -  20 seconds video . 
  music ? 
  allright , thanks . 
  was enjoying the beginning of that second one . 
   self portait [ 7 ] - vincent van gogh, 
  does that mean you drew facial hair on polandball ? 
  i 'm not sure if this was what fixed it , but try disabling origin in game . 
  go to titanfall in origin , right click , game properties , check box . 
  easy stuff . 
  ep\u00e1 . 
  frontier defense . 
  i enjoy it . 
  now do one for europe . 
  seems like most european colonial empire tried to have the prime meridian at their capital , but only one succeeded . 
  why would you put it there ? 
  it 's arbitrary , as much as any other meridian . 
  correct , but as far as i know one of the reasons they choose greenwich was because there was no one relevant ( at the time ) on the other side of the world . 
  in a way , they may have done exactly what you said . 
  you need to play only 7 more games to get the 1337 games played number . 
  then give up forever . 
  fucking hell , i had [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/agbxtou ) open and read your comment ... 
  probably not . 
  they talk about narnia in the notes , actually . 
  you wo n't lose it . 
  it grants you a random card to use and resets to a new one after a few minutes , used or not . 
  i do n't understand the reflection . 
  what 's there below the snail , in the reflection , that is not in the real part ? 
  or is that a fish in the water ? 
  maybe he means no deaths . 
  i too am confused .
