being portuguese , i fear we 'd get submerged completly , under a wave not even mcnamara would dare surf . 
  well , is n't it more rewarding to achieve and earn happiness rather than being given it by something ( including god ) ? 
  since rewards are one part of happiness , feeling more rewarded should mean feeling happier . 
  i guess they use boners as a perfectly plausible tool to detect offensive stuff in saudi arabia . 
  wait a minute , if they say you need to be born a religion , does that mean they 're implying atheism is n't a religion ? 
  because that 'd be a new one coming from them !, 
  this will forever give me the chills . 
  i misread it as `` pray for the poop while i 'm sitting in my golden throne '' . 
  i liked it better my way . 
  i would talk to him about how important it is that he fixes his own life , instead of hoping it 'll change , and only after bring the whole `` you did n't need a god after all '' issue . 
  `` oh , no , i do n't believe in gods , but that 's no reason not to help a fellow human being , is it ? '', 
  first cause argument . 
  so old it 's in the [ faq ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/faqs/atheism#firstcauseargument ) !, 
  funny , mine always go `` herp god derp '' :(, 
  i guess we need to start making chuck norris expendable . 
  i actually thought that way too , but i am a sucker for the human race so i gave it the benefit of doubt . 
  too much le in there :|, 
  i see you can undo/delete when you are doing it , but can you do it any time afterwards , ie correcting something you misheard a few minutes later ? 
  fair enough , that does seem to be exactly what i need . 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  it 's the opposite for me , i was aware americans have really big issues with religion becoming a main power , but it was only when i got to reddit that i noticed all hope is not lost as there are still tons of intelligent average americans . 
  i 'm just a bit puzzled as to why you just do n't unite and create your own lobby , like the jews ( which you outnumber ) , but i can certainly understand it . 
  i like how the guy at the bottom right corner is just counting his money and not giving a fuck about jesus . 
  gorilla stole my bike !, 
  hopefully , renewable energies . 
  i am an atheist because i have no need for a deity : i 'm a morally good human being , marvelled by the wonders of natural world , and i am quite happy without the need of spiritual expansion . 
  no god would ever fill a niche in my view of the world , therefore i do think they exist at all , because the universe abhors useless stuff , according to the present scientific laws and theories . 
  actually , it 's saturn day . 
  you know , the same guy they stole christmas from . 
  fuck 's sake , why is this so hard to understand for many ? 
  to be honest , i do n't think using the fires of hell as a background is gon na help religious people agree with you . 
  i reckon this is incomplete : you have subservient people who will work so their boss can keep his luxury car , while being content with food for their childs . 
  that is religion , regardless of its validity . 
  if i judged something on appearances , i would n't be much of an open minded person , would i ? 
  why are pharmaceutical companies donating the most ? 
  til you can download drugs . 
  i do n't understand how is that related to online piracy though :|, 
  it 's not like you get advertising for generics everytime you download a movie . 
  his existence is not really denied , his divinity is . 
  if he existed , he was probably just a tool used by higher powers ( no , not god ) . 
  i 'm sorry for the silly english question , but what exactly do you mean with bold believers ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.awf.org/files/3801_file_chimp_sholley.jpg ) is what i see . 
  i 'd say the completly random words unrelated to anything . 
  eg , gaggle and skein . 
  english grammar is piss easy , really . 
  i do n't know if any of this is true , but here 's how i think of it :, 
  both knowledge and faith are belief . 
  however , knowledge uses evidence and logical sense to increase your belief in a scientifical ( or other ) theory , wherehas faith requires leaps . 
  obviously , i have no faith in anything , but i do believe in evolution in the very same way i believe that pushing a mass will increase its acceleration . 
  in the same way i believe you 're using the internet , because you 're posting this online . 
  or the very same way i go out of my way sometimes to help a complete stranger , because i believe they 'll be happy about it . 
  i do n't require evidence to act like that , but if the situation were to be analyzed , evidence would be found . 
  i think this is actually what common sense is about . 
  just a small correction , for your future knowledge , the kids saw mary on a tree , it was the thousand-numbered crowd that `` saw '' the sun dance out of religious fervor . 
  just like any other miracle , there are plenty reasonable explanations for the phenomenon , mass hysteria included , but just like most miracles , there is not enough scientific documentation to properly analyze it . 
  not quite , the children were told by mary that at a specific date ( october 13th , five months after her first appearance ) she would appear to everyone and do a miracle , so they went and told every soul about it . 
  when the day arrived , what probably happened was that somebody yelled a `` omg look up '' and people freaked out . 
  i 'll just copypasta my reasons for being atheist from some other post :, 
  i am an atheist because i have no need for a deity : i 'm a morally good human being , marvelled by the wonders of natural world , and i am quite happy without the need of spiritual expansion . 
  no god would ever fill a niche in my view of the world , therefore i do think they exist at all , because the universe abhors useless stuff , according to the present scientific laws and theories . 
  antheistica ? 
  on a side note , us rest-of-the-worlders are counting on you lovely american free thinkers to hold back the creation of a christian pole that would eventually and inevitably clash with the musslesmen pole . 
  funny that the holy god of israel is actually the very same holy god of arabia . 
  did they give rerus a tree for returning to heaven ? 
  what kind of argument are we talking about here ? 
  the `` u no get xmas presents ! '', 
  kind or a more fulfilling one ? 
  this looks better if you think of bruce willis . 
   to this day many protestants refuse to acknowledge catholics as `` christians '' , except of course when citing statistics to prove that america is a `` christian '' nation . 
  as an european , this confuses the hell out of me - it 's , uh , obvious that catholics are christians , and i just can not understand why call them otherwise . 
  saying it 's a blanket term does n't really explain it to me . 
  is there any possibility they do it to give the impression they 're not idol worshipers/pedophiles/repressed / whatever stereotype they think of when they speak of catholics ? 
  he 's australian , i do n't think they 're used to nutty cults !, 
  you just stopped being naive . 
  that was brilliant of you , well done !, 
  my favourite part of this is how often they stop to think before speaking . 
  because obviously 99.99 % of us do n't believe in god because there 's evolution . 
  geez , man . 
  here 's a hint : everyone 's born an atheist . 
  yes , i understand where the whole ` catholics are evil ' thing comes from . 
  i guess , in the end , it 's just a language shift and there 's no real objective meaning of catholic vs christians . 
  mind you , it 's probably the same as we , in europe , call catholics christians and every other branch protestants . 
  i know , astonishing !, 
  indeed , because original state is non-existance . 
  are they being treated like assholes , though ? 
  most people just ignore them as much as they can , in fear , and they get loads of government help . 
  this exact same thing happened to my parents , except all gypsies were children and the baby was a doll . 
  needless to say they got mugged hard . 
  shall i get my desert eagle replica then ? 
  shit man , you 're right , it 's just been too long :(, 
  i 'm sure that 's just a `` to '' too many . 
  it was also in rome , close to the colisseum , a very turistic zone with lots of people . 
  they did however wander off into a less populated area and bam , no money , no documents , no nothing . 
  luckily we 're european so apart from the loss there was no much problem . 
  yes , i was convinced they picked up dwb because of this friendly contest with [ / r/christianity ] ( / r/christianity ) and [ / r/islam ] ( / r/islam ) , so they went for a completly neutral and good-doing organization . 
  unfortunately , the whole stem cell research is not neutral , on the religious side . 
  keep in mind most peoples are americans/europeans , that 's why you hear a lot about crazy christians . 
  but indeed , we should work on revealing the horrors of all religions . 
  here 's an example :, 
  [ bet shemesh - ultra-orthodox jews gather at the gates of a local girls school , screaming abuse ] ( http://privateinvesigations.blogspot.com/2011/11/bet-shemesh-ultra-orthodox-jews-gather.html ),
