  that is n't balanced eating . 
  what your body ends up doing is keeping more reserves for those periods you do n't eat . 
  i love the chat . 
  what do you mean ? 
  so it looks sciency , as in , actual scientists went and checked the sounds of all these animals . 
  i wo n't advocate against holding animals captive versus letting them stay in the wild , but the lisbon zoo holdings are actually big and most of them are with open sky , but fenced . 
  as far as i can remember there has never been any news of an escaped animal from there , which may be indicative that they are at least content . 
  furthermore , the lisbon zoo has a ton of investigation and conservation programs , including reintroducing endangered species into their habitats , and has been so for 130 years . 
  not everything is bad about a zoo . 
  we all live in the past , so i guess they do . 
  i 'm assuming left-handed . 
  huh , this is my phone 's wallpaper , i got it while browsing zedge . 
  do you play with wsad or arrow keys ? 
  caesar had a recent precedent to his attack on rome , sulla did the same to depose marius whom caesar was serving at the time , iirc . 
  well , what exactly are you supposed to feel as an adult ? 
  it is when you have a problem and grab whatever you have at your disposal at the moment and fix it . 
  there 's a cracked article about it that compares us to macgyver . 
  ca n't link it right now as i 'm on my phone . 
  we 're practically raised into it . 
  some europe , not all of it . 
  ` murica, 
  this confused the shit out of me until i realised you 're probably using an american keyboard , or at least different than my own ... 
  i did , someone else linked it !, 
  to be completely honest i was about to cross the border with spain and lose internet access , so i did the next best thing : had someone else link it !, 
  i should 've add we 're also rather lazy . 
  which is probably why we 're desenrascados . 
  no offense to the hard work and good policies of the american people , but if you want an hard-mode , faster rise to world power , you should look at germany . 
  they rised from war ruins into world power in about 20 years not once , but twice !, 
  all without huge territories and being watched by its peers . 
  america is a great nation , but its role as world power is hardly surprising and not mind-bogling at all , imo . 
  there are about 20-30 countries i would choose before i picked the us to live on . 
  i do n't have to go far , there is n't a single european union country i would n't choose over the us . 
  i wonder if the large , easy to drive streets in the us versus the smaller streets of sweden would have anything to do with such a disparity in numbers in the two countries . 
  actually , it 's an avenue , it was probably named after a dead person . 
  the man posted that [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/2hk0zu/zone_18_dlc_raw_pc_gameplay/ ) himself five days ago :p, 
  me neither , i 'm not american so i have no clue . 
  i 'm sure i 've heard it before in movies and whatnot , but i ca n't identify it . 
  now southern accent i 'm guess i do know , it 's awesome . 
  i do n't understand , how do you go from tin to aluminium ? 
  only if we can get multititan rodeos . 
  maybe they 're considering the iberian union . 
  but yes , i agree , i do n't think whoever made this map knew much about it . 
  you 're not intelligent enough , that 's why you 're naming that dude that never existed !, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  yeah nevermind , i never knew what tin foil was when i read it around , thought it was just something made out of tin . 
  fuck , i knew i recognized the name from a game today from somewhere . 
  i just got raped by you and your penguin friend after joining a late game of attrition . 
  but it 's the british who kidnap their own children !, 
  it do what they do n't think it is like , ba-dee-doo . 
  nothing wrong really , you were low on health and then got shot in the butt . 
   arc mines can be seen and defused . 
  wait , what ? 
  how do you defuse them ? 
  and does it work with satchles ? 
  she is n't dead , got her shoes on . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  okay . 
  `` defused '' . 
  idiots will be idiots . 
  i have n't had the time to watch the movie ( will do now !, 
  ) , but i loved how the first few seconds is you sending missiles accidentally into a wall , 
  get better soon !, 
  major roads only , like highways , right ? 
  a moving one at least . 
  it 's easy to rodeo a titan , wait for him to get out , jump up and call your titan on top of his and watch as the pilot jumps back into it and gets crushed . 
  e que tal as mo\u00e7oilas da terra ? 
  it tastes better !, 
  but that 's a samurai ... 
  the roman empire ? 
  okay guys , this dude pointed it out at last . 
  last clip 's an atlas , not a stryder :p, 
  as redes sociais . 
  i would just have laughed out loud . 
  that 'd probably offend them more : /, 
  we have to introduce a new word for neutral gender . 
  this is from quinta da regaleira , sintra , portugal . 
  [ shot from down below in their website ] ( http://www.regaleira.pt/regaleira.aspx?aid=100035&amp;pid=100017&amp;sp=1 ) . 
  in english . 
  we have to go deeper , immediately assuming someone speaks english is offensive , too !, 
  revolve , not rotate . 
  maybe he 's working on titan of war ? 
  i think frothy used shitty quality videos from twitch in the past for one of his videos . 
  you should send it to him !, 
  well to be fair he already did a lot of helpful videos explaining pretty much every weapon and technique there is . 
  what else can he do ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/2hm36f/my_key_bindings_will_confuse/ ) you go . 
  this casual wear is how we easily identify americans on this side of the big salt lake . 
  ooooh , i get it . 
  you 're family !, 
  is it supposed to be bad ? 
  because it made me love the man even more ( i did n't know it was possible ) . 
  well , at least you 're somehow blood related , yes ? 
  as a portuguese man : meu deus !, 
  que dilema . 
  claro . 
  this is interesting . 
  i have a friend that lived in ukraine just before the crisis ( he did an ama here ) , i 'll have a talk with him and maybe we can arrange something cool . 
  we both speak english , he speaks a bit of russian . 
  it was fixed rather than nerfed . 
  it did n't even show on the mini-map , it does now .
