  i 'm pretty sure the fear of others holding your baby is not common at all . 
  although , to be fair , it may be increasing , at least in the developed countries . 
  or you can create a custom game . 
  opinions . 
  i too think paris does n't live at all to its reputation . 
  and i 'm not the [ only one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome ) . 
  edit : shitty double negative ... 
  works better if there 's an old lady or an old man at the counter , the doses are usually bigger . 
  he 's been sketching for a while now . 
  well at least you can use titans . 
  relevante much ? 
  the ainulindal\u00eb . 
  the guy in the back , on the ground , has the correct reaction at the right times . 
  you should know you 're going to love it . 
  this is / r/4chan , no one here is even close to getting an african virus . 
  a computer virus , on the other hand ... 
  i thought that was pretty obvious , but i guess not : /, 
  please no . 
  i have nothing against brazil ( < 3 irm\u00e3os ) , but your gamers have terrible reputation !, 
   interesting how europe 's favorite sport is to scold and condemn america for their questionable decisions , but it turns out they have some really ugly and spooky skeletons on their closet . 
  why yes , it beats baseball by miles !, 
  favorite sport , wtf are you on about ? 
  : / you managed to both stereotype and be wrong about an entire continent in the same sentence . 
  and it 's funny you speak of those countries . 
  do you not see what is the difference between those you listed and all the others that got colonized ? 
  it 's simple : its native populace was all but exterminated or overwhelmed by white , relatively homogeneous people . 
  compare it with the large miscegenation of south america and the many different cultures of africa . 
  now , this might sound racist to the poor reader , but keep in mind what i said about cultures . 
  the british-held territories that gave no voice to the native people managed to held a relatively peaceful and stable government trough a vital industrial age era . 
  india is a whole other ordeal because it was a fully developed nation and society which the british controlled with politics more than anything else . 
  the other colonial territories , though , although most spanish america had some nasty slaughters ( and portuguese america barely had any ) - and most people died from diseases , they had different people and cultures all over the place that did not get such an easy chance of a stable and peaceful transition from european-held power ( which more often than not helped the country develop , unlike what you 're trying to say ) because all the different people immediately started fighting each other because they were different people . 
  so do n't go say that people were trampled into shit because you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about , and you 're patronizing the native and mixed people of those countries , like they 're some sort of abused children and just did n't know better . 
  if the decolonization process could have gone better ? 
  yes , a lot better . 
  but most of it was way too fast for different people to give their opinions about their future . 
  that does n't mean it is the former colonizer 's fault alone that those countries went to shit . 
  it 's probably the other way around . 
  so what you 're saying is that it 'd be socially acceptable to have big toenails , and the shoe industry would thrive with new ingenious ways for us to show them off . 
  but then / u/wolfir would not clip it anyway or he 'd be out of fashion ... 
  you do n't have to be an immigrant for that . 
  before sunrise ? 
  he mentioned pounds , baristas do not get tipped . 
  that said , i would not mind giving an extra to a mechanic indeed . 
  which is why i eat it together with something else ( a piece of meat or rice or whatever ) . 
  it is not the [ first time ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2014/07/25/israel-brings-up-brazils-world-cup-humiliation-and-calls-the-country-a-diplomatic-dwarf/ ) either :, 
   `` this is not football . 
  in football , when a game ends in a draw , you think it is proportional , but when it finishes 7-1 it 's disproportionate . 
  sorry to say , but not so in real life and under international law . '', 
   what about the american revolution ? 
  i mentioned that :, 
   the british-held territories that gave no voice to the native people managed to held a relatively peaceful and stable government trough a vital industrial age era . 
  i meant it after independence , mind you . 
   i do go say whatever i want about my people ; i am ecuadorian born and raised , and i know my history well enough . 
  i am aware of the inca disputes that facilitated the spanish conquest . 
  i am not even implying they were abused children , but as you said it , they endured a brutal conquest which obliterated their civilization , forced a different culture and religion upon them , and enroll them as slaves to shape the colony ... 
  i am so sorry that does n't count as being trampled into shit to you ; probably things have to go full genocide for such expression to be suitable , huh ? 
  you misunderstand me . 
  i did mention that the spaniards did some nasty slaughters and , yes , they destroyed an entire civilization . 
  but some of its culture remained , as well as others , different , and that is a big reason of why , once the spaniards left , the countries did fell into some bad crisis , as opposed to , say , the us , where the natives had no say at all and everything was ruled under one culture only . 
  penis ? 
  some speakers are just dirty . 
  english speakers *, 
  the world does n't hate you . 
  indeed . 
  i find it funny that their supposed sad face is nothing more than a whine face . 
  not whine ... how do you call it in english when a baby cries loads because mommy wo n't give back the candy ? 
  that . 
  it is ? 
  not better or worse . 
  the same , at least . 
  why would n't it ? 
  did you just say that , comparatively with the us , poland is a wealthy country ?!, 
  but shitty adjectives ( all of them ) aside , yes , yes they should . 
  the size of the country is n't the issue , its politics are . 
  tv cabo . 
  out of curiosity , where are you from and when are you coming ? 
  this week ? 
  that 's not true for most of europe . 
  the biggest difference are the waiting lines . 
  those can be a pain . 
  what if it is the spanish flu ? 
  this is why i created this . 
  thank you very much . 
  out of curiosity , was there any way i could have known about them ( ie , a reddit wiki page or so ) in the first place ? 
  i did try google but that was n't very helpful , kept getting articles and whatnot . 
  also , happy cake day !, 
  culture . 
  as someone from southern europe , the very thought of disowning a family member makes no sense . 
  family is family . 
  it is unique . 
  however , it does n't hold as much sway in northenr europe or in , i hear , much of the us . 
  walk of shame . 
  transition from where ? 
  why is n't the portuguese coat-of-arms centered in the first one ? 
  i know that 's how it goes in the portuguese flag , but not in the spanish flag . 
  edit : [ nevermind ] ( http://www.theflagshop.co.uk/ekmps/shops/speed/images/spain-state-flag-210-p.jpg ) , i suck . 
  apologies , op ( or whoever the creator is ) . 
  `` deu uma '' roughly means `` got laid '' . 
  it is n't about intelligence at all and that 's a really retarded thing to say . 
  family is family .
