  tl ; dr : innocent little girls were called sluts and whores by ultra-orthodox jews merely because they were n't fully covered up . 
  do n't you worry , we are all very aware that the religious cancer is everywhere . 
   in nature everything is food or a competitor . 
  true , but nature balances around itself . 
  that is , too many predators means too little prey which in turn means predator death . 
  point is , do not use nature as an argument when men are the predators , because we can survive prey extinction . 
  we still destroy ecosystems with it though . 
  and that 's quite dangerous . 
  agreed , but do the japanese people pratice that ? 
  furthermore , notice the petition reads that dolphins are being killed and sold as whale meat . 
  they 're doing it on purpose . 
  the borg race is a pretty solid explanation of religion , so it makes sense . 
  silly me was about to ask what currency this was & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  sometimes i really wish god existed so i could say , oh lord !, 
  yeah , it says your hate speech is quite normal . 
  because religion uses charity has a path into people 's minds , indocrinating them into believing they 're being helped by god rather than by human beings . 
  for example , wasting thousands printing bibles which serve no purpose in helping the poor and sick , rather than spending it on food and medical supplies . 
  hey man , i see no sight of god in that site , but i still have to ask :, 
  i would have no desire to have money spent on useless stuff like bibles and indocrination , so it 's an absolute must that those charities do not do that . 
  so far it seems they do n't , have you learned otherwise ? 
  those are maxwell 's equations . 
  basically , they explain how and why light behaves like it does . 
  in a nutshell , when a particle emmits energy it creates an electrical field which will then create a magnetic field , and the conjunction of both will propel the wave forward ad infinitum . 
  you use `` i '' too much . 
  if you are really butthurt because people fadded their way into donating sixty thousand dollars worth of food and medical supplies to people who need it , rather than doing it your way , you 're far worse than them . 
  nobody was harmed , and people were helped . 
  there is absolutely no reason to complain about this . 
  it was some 70k yesterday . 
  look how much it is know . 
  that 's all the proof needed donations were made . 
  to be honest , this was all just a fad triggered by a fake ( i think ) homophobic letter . 
  do n't get your hopes up about getting people actually upvoting for donations outside of said fad . 
  that 's a nice way of putting , specially because self.posts get no karma whatsoever . 
  tithing is n't giving to charities . 
  any kind of pledge for anything other than humanity itself and planet earth makes me sad . 
  but that 's our world . 
  this proves fads are great for charity !, 
  publicity is such a strange force . 
  they 're raging because they 're seeing it as kharma-whoring , not as life saving . 
  it 's quite sad , really , not only because you do n't get karma from self posts but also because lives were fucking saved . 
  what do you feel when somebody talks about something that happened before you were born ? 
  you feel nothing . 
  you do n't remember it . 
  it never happened with you . 
  that 's exactly what 'll happen after you 're dead . 
  you will not feel it , you will not experience it . 
  same in / r/islam donations . 
  i understand what you mean , it would be much better for , say , a charity race to use that human energy and build a premade school to be shipped to africa than just race for money , which will partly go to whoever 's organizing it anyway . 
  but still , money is an useful tool for sending real resources to other parts of the world . 
  it can be the shittiest , most corruptive thing ever , but it has its uses . 
  hello slowpoke . 
  what did you feel before you were born ? 
  look at it the bright side , you probably saved people from dieing or being opressed by religious fanatics . 
  war is terrible , religious or otherwise , but you 're doing some good there . 
  to be fair , both religions have loads of donations by atheists . 
  go check the comments on their donation sites - [ christianity ] ( http://www.firstgiving.com/fundraiser/redditcharity/rchristianity ) & [ islam ] ( http://www.firstgiving.com/fundraiser/ahmed-m/rislam ) . 
  ca n't really calculate said donation per head unless you go and count every member . 
  ... i guess i deserved that . 
  but , do you remember the time before you were concieved ? 
  heck , before your parents even met ? 
  you do not . 
  but it existed . 
  your parents existed before you , their parents too . 
  everything that happened before you , you never experienced it . 
  that is what 'll happen to you after death . 
  you will not experience it , you will not feel it , or remember it . 
  your existence as an individual will be over . 
  okay , to be fair , i can not say any of this for sure . 
  what i can say for sure , though , is that the only certainity is what you do while you are alive . 
  do n't bother thinking about death if you 're not sure of anything . 
  you 'd do better to try and make the best of what you can with your life and leave a good legacy . 
  i 'd rather celebrate the birth of a god who never had any problems with admitting to killing people , like odin , or ra , or baal , or jehov ... wait a second !, 
  i do n't see anybody talk about the nun much . 
  i 'd just like to say that even if i disagree with her choice of life , it is a terrible thing for anyone who dedicates their entire life to something to be completly denied it . 
  she must feel really bad now . 
  i 'll try to be more clear . 
  when people consider death , they consider two things :, 
  death is scary , because nobody knows what happens next . 
  everything i 've done has been in vain . 
  you already saw what i did for 1. , but i did add a little something for 2. : it will not be in vain , if you live a good life and leave a mark upon others who will miss you . 
  i know it 's scary to think that all we feel now will disappear , but , in a non-romance way , it will stay in the memory of others . 
  basically my point is , do n't think of yourself as just an individual but also a small part of the entire world . 
  you are absolutely right , but seeing all the `` what 's this upvote bullshit '' posts makes me wonder if people really do n't care about karma . 
  does n't matter if they check it , they 're just being bitter . 
  but it 's obvious that , as an argument , it completly pales before `` lives were saved '' one . 
  atheism is not believing in deities . 
  ghosts are n't deities . 
  it 's rather ilogical , yes , but some people believe in an afterlife without believing in a deity whatsoever . 
  looking at the present , i 'm gon na assume he failed . 
  shame . 
  is this x-post from trees ? 
  well , is n't one of the prime characteristic of a deity that it is worshiped , or looked-upon ? 
  household gods are indeed worshiped , but ghosts are , at best , revered . 
  it 's not an easy line to discern , i 'll give you that . 
  animal cruelty !, 
  good idea , to be honest . 
  but , with no attempt to lower your work , why is this in / r/atheism ? 
  i would say satanists worship satan , actually . 
  an evil deity is a deity nevertheless . 
  true enough , a deity is not so much a being that is worshiped , but one that has the potential of being worshiped .
