  but she 's family . 
  never . 
  likewise , old parents have every right to ask for shelter from their children . 
  this a famous cultural issue . 
  to cultures where family plays a fundamental role , most of this thread is just weird . 
  is there carnaval in america ? 
  first global empire . 
  a sign would be nailed into a post for the first time , politely asking people to ignore it . 
  it 'd attract a crowd . 
  by americans . 
  if i recall my history classes , americans were seen as wild opportunists that could n't do well in the old world . 
  two sides of a coin . 
  why are you writing with your face ? 
  i wish . 
  i am pretty much immune to music . 
  in fact , it is usually an annoyance . 
  which sucks because the works is filled with music , and it seems like such an easy source of joy for so many people . 
  the bidet world still uses toilet paper . 
  til people name their cars . 
  that 's the best way to make them wonder what the duck us wrong with them . 
  use my ruler to finally comprehend what a feet measures . 
  manboobs are hotter too , because men produce more heat . 
  cars . 
  manboobs are extremities !, 
  right ? 
  i come from a large family ( nine ) and i 'm one of the youngest , more often than not i had to wash all the dishes ( we also eat soup everytime before the main course ) . 
  that means that i 'm more than happy to wash the dishes for two , as well . 
  you must n't drive in a large european city , then ... 
  it 's all but peaceful . 
  who does n't ? 
  test post , please ignore . 
  except the mirror would call you a liar . 
  there 's no winning . 
  i clap very loud . 
  you mean like , a lift lifts ? 
  wtf , why would you spell bologna as baloney ?!, 
  how do you spell bolognese ? 
  third . 
  with my foreign accent , i ca n't help but pronounce it as turd ... stupid th sound ... 
  would n't that depend on what environment you usually live on ? 
  a desert guy would survive longer in the desert than a polar guy , and vice-versa , is my impression . 
  you forgot ` rip in peace ' . 
  i never gave up my dream because i 've never really had one . 
  i love brunettes with light coloured eyes . 
  let the shitty , noisy tourists stay down south . 
  the travellers , however , you 're all welcome anywhere in the country . 
  i do n't know anyone who had a diary . 
  i guess that 's the worst they 'll say . 
  or the best : /, 
  not sure if you got the point of this thread or you 're just extremely attractive . 
  is n't ball pronounced like bowl ? 
  foot-bowl . 
  it 's not like saying there 's someone for everyone is in anyway logic , it 's just wishful thinking . 
  i 'm with you , posts like that annoy for how condescending and false they are , even if the intention is good . 
  i find it at the same level as telling a child they 'll be special . 
  there 's no logical reason to say it , and without adding that they 'll have tremendous amount of work , it is borderline evil . 
  i also agree telling someone who ca n't get anyone that there 'll be someone for him/her is awful , as the logical reaction is immediately assuming that if they have n't found anyone yet , there 's something wrong with them , which is a big part of the problem already . 
  cravens make great crows . 
  just look at sam !, 
  when can you be reasonably anxious ? 
  fuck anxiety in all its forms . 
  tell an us veteran he 's full of shit . 
  genuine question here : i 'm from a metric country and i have never used miles . 
  do you ever use km ? 
  if you do n't , your trick , no matter how cool , is kinda useless . 
  imaginary numbers make no woman happy . 
  new askreddit questions . 
  this is something you can only do as a teenager ... 
  i had two francesinhas once . 
  women . 
  `` redditors who had their teeth removed , how did you do it ? '', 
  they turns to you , somehow . 
  rip in peace . 
  airport security . 
  it 's not hard at all , there 's always so much stuff to look at . 
  my mother . 
  must be some really big spiders to scare out your duck !, 
  in one word : adolescence . 
  he 's a dalek , what better place is there than exterminated ? 
  i thought it was erin . 
  isis ? 
  the vatican ? 
  the vatican ? 
  the vatican ? 
  i guess nobody else does get it . 
  strangely , this does n't affect me at all , i do n't care about leaving an impression in the world . 
  everybody saw the escalation leading to wwi . 
  it was a derogatory term used for centuries by white people . 
  disapproving of it is n't bad luck , it 's knowing a bit of history . 
  they would n't . 
  ca n't say the opposite , though . 
  why are you repeating what he said ? 
  maybe in america that 's true , i have no idea . 
  it is n't here . 
  if i went to goa i would actually go to a portuguese restaurant to see how the locals would `` improve '' it . 
  it 's an interesting experience , provided you also try the local food in another meal . 
  after so many generations , no . 
  that 's not evidence either . 
  i say the americans would n't attack russia because they had no reason ( and chances to win in russia were n't great ) . 
  i can easily see the russians trying to annex alaska , though .
