  france and spain want to be considered central europe , portugal has no problem being different and uk is always different !, 
  it 's probably just an old law nobody bothered to change because people do n't give a fuck about it , really . 
  we have loads of those here in portugal . 
  i mean , does this status give any special powers to churches/religions ( any or all ) , or is it only merely descritive , as a part of your ancient history ? 
  does n't have to be nuclear . 
  all that dark material makes me consider this to be a coal based thermoeletric plant . 
  no , not at all . 
  they 're based on meridians . 
  those are the lines perpendicular to the equator . 
  starting on the greenwich meridian as the 00 hour . 
  you know that other . gif that 's going around of the player who sneaks into the camera in front of an interview ? 
  i reckon this one needs it , badly . 
  i eight sum pi, 
  where 's my goddamn award now ? 
  oh , apologies , english is n't my first language and somehow i misunderstood that , thinking you said the other way around . 
  quite right , it is based on the horizontal position . 
  that said , the uk actually is horizontally alligned with both spain and france . 
  i need to see more of this tardim . 
  well , was it good ? 
  while the individual should be allowed to believe what he desires , the whole population should not be subjected to irrational decisions . 
  are you still in the line ? 
  this seems like the kind of question someone would ask out of boredom . 
  i mean , it 's one person ... 
  it 's ok to return the favour and wait 5 more minutes in the line . 
  it 's often the noise that bothers people . 
  yes , if you discard the eyes and beak and consider its tail as antennae . 
  ... i 'll be honest , i did n't notice they were birds untill you said it & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  how can people do this to themselves is just beyond me . 
  i am no cat expert but that cat seems pregnant rather than obese . 
  / r/spacedicks, 
  not that i am subscribed , i 'm just considering your question as implying i 'd be subscribed to everything . 
  do n't click the link , by the way . 
  while i understand your sentiment , please do n't say that the moment you loved your heritage the most was when someone threw rocks at an unpopular music band ... 
  i know this is hard to believe : i 'm white , and not greedy at all . 
  cork oak . 
  i typed this whole phrase using nothing more than my left hand index finger . 
  what the fuck is a ` mwau ' ? 
  why do n't you play your big brother role and support your sister ? 
  it 'll only be a couple of hours , really . 
  no idea about your place , but here in portugal the patch of land is sold for 100 years . 
  after that , the remains are disposed of elsewhere ( common grave , incineration , not sure ) . 
  perhaps you could sell the area for a certain ammount of time as well . 
  you mean ... moi ? 
  like in french , le moi ? 
  are you american or something ? 
  stop being a douche and think of them as people rather than food . 
  they would look the same without them . 
  why would the titanic be a defining moment of that generation & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  yeah , i think world war i did a much better job at that . 
  what is this , lag on the internets ? 
  i would still say it was n't a defining moment at all . 
  it was somewhat a big happening , sure , but i do n't think it changed anything at all in society . 
  well , we do n't really know anything about canada , we just think you 're nicer americans . 
  i thought it was because we do n't really use our toes , while we keep using our fingers . 
  something we old folk used to have back then !, 
  article 1 : you would n't download a car !, 
  i would understand if you said her arm may have a bit of fat in it , but morbidly obese ? 
  she just has a lot of hair !, 
  hah , i 've been there just last weekend on my weekly trip !, 
  azenhas do mar. 
  lovely place . 
  so you have short of 3 friends in facebook ? 
  i do n't think that 's it , actually . 
  i think it 's rather that if you find an individual that does not obey a rule set for a determined characteristic of something and you notice that fact , then all the others must obey said rule for the first one to stick out and be noticeable . 
  prostitute at $ 200 ? 
  what ? 
  serious question : are you attractive ? 
  because if you are , you 'll probably be hit on a lot . 
  fair enough , i stand corrected . 
  tl ; dr - got lost without moving a meter . 
  that 's allright , if you show them you are competent and hard working , you will be respected as such , but men hitting on you is a possibility . 
  you can always refuse politely , of course . 
  i 'm in a small country , yet i think i can find at least one shirt with tacky national pride in it . 
  bit of a silly question ... 
  but fine , best i can do to give a better answer is to mention football shirts , to support our national team . 
  she went after the first snake she saw . 
  not enough duck face . 
  do n't take this for granted , but i 'd say turkey . 
  or greece . 
  maybe ciprus . 
  edit : reason i say this is because the bottom man is definetly a [ greek dancer ] ( http://in-and-around-columbus.com/images/greekdance.jpg ) , with the clear hellenic bust above . 
  the curved point would show me as more of a [ turkish dagger ] ( http://www.oriental-arms.com/photos/items/01/001501/ph-0.jpg ) , so i ca n't say for sure where exactly . 
  i pointed out ciprus because it 's both greek and turkish . 
  same reason we still have tailbones and the appendix : vestigial structures . 
  looks like mario kart to me . 
  other than fat cheeks and trimmed eyebrows , i like it !, 
  edit : let me rephrase that - i love it , but i do n't get the fat cheeks , perhaps too much makeup , and the eyebrows look strange . 
  that is what i think , as requested !, 
  wikipedia entries are actually pretty simplified versions of the usual problem . 
  no demonstrations are done , etc. 
  it requires some learning to read it , though , just as it would require learning to read a different language . 
  i suppose this requires some explaining . 
  foca is portuguese/spanish for seal . 
  no idea why anyone 'd think this funny , but there you go . 
  i 'm guessing that was exactly when it stopped being called a jumpoline . 
  not mine . 
  not sure if it 's that cool , but [ saudade ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saudade ) . 
  [ your quote is interesting , tell me more ] ( http://www.paulgroverphotos.co.uk/images/war-and-conflict/550/starving-child-in-mogadishu.jpg ) . 
  they do . 
  we have a specific type of music that is actually based on that feeling , and it is the defining music of our nation : [ fado ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fado ) .
