  was n't as impressive as this , though . 
  not a mod , search multiplayer for [ official ] unit tester online . 
  do not blink . 
  that 's the tallest . 
  this one seems to be the largest , in volume . 
  bring up my post , the myths say . 
  beats [ this ] ( http://markosun.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/rednecks1.jpg?w=360&amp;h=541 ) !, 
  if it was an accident , the marks would be going down in a parabole . 
  i wonder how large would a tree be if it had a billion rings inside . 
  that still scares me . 
  it really does , i ca n't say that without feeling something . 
  i 've been an atheist for well over ten years now , too . 
  here you go : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=jy75jot6nfa#t=1378s, 
  i simply use firefox pretty much for reddit only . 
  everything loads just fine and it has tabs , which i ca n't live without . 
  i thought native americans had no beard . 
  how uncontacted are they really ? 
  because kids there still joke about women in kitchen , and other similar jokes that got old 5 minutes after being said . 
  i 'm thinking all native americans . 
  for example , one reason for the aztec easy acceptance of the spanish men was their beards , a trait they shared with the god quezalcoatl , which the aztecs did not . 
  considering the amazonian indians descend from them and from north american indians ( also beardless ) , and that there is no apparent evolutionary reason to grow a beard in a tropical jungle , and also that it is the first time i 've ever seen a native american with a beard , i would n't rule out the possibilty of that man having european genes . 
  i am likely wrong , though . 
  run in quick circles untill it dies of diziness . 
  because 99.9999 % ( rough estimate ) of said children are n't american , thus not worthy of attention and care . 
  you should center it in the middle of the pacific , or asia , or something , because of the usual north american/eurocentrism world maps always have ( and yes , i know it 's mostly due to the mercator system ) . 
  she could come to europe and pay for all her education and some more . 
  tried googling it ( you can drag the image into google images to search for it ) , all i could find was that some dutch commedian , paul de leeuw , was joking about some pedophily scandal that was going on at the moment . 
  i ca n't give you any specific link or anything , just random gossip i read once or twice . 
  i did n't say imigrate , just study . 
  we get spammed with invitations to work in the states , should n't be too hard doing the opposite . 
  that 's [ lenin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vladimir_lenin ) , for anyone wondering . 
  sorry bro , but not everyone reads cyrilic . 
  are you the one paying your bills ? 
  that 's ... horrible :(, 
  reddit enhancement suite . 
  i do n't think you understand what conspiracy keanu is for . 
  a little general respect for the rest of the world would be a good start . 
  as a supposed modern epithome of globalization , you are incredibly thick in foreign affairs . 
  it 's not really your image that is bad , it 's your actions . 
  i obviously mean you as in your politicians , not your average american . 
  not from where i 'm standing !, 
  i 'm a retard for asking , but how exactly do you link that using res ? 
  tried to do it but just gave up !, 
  right , that 's how . 
  thanks guys !, 
  i think they mean more of a complete removal of anything religious out of anything public , specially politics . 
  nobody that uses god as political propaganda in europe is taken serious . 
  nobody that does n't use god as political propaganda in the united states is taken serious . 
  that 's the difference . 
  everyone knows a hacker wears a hoody , not a tie and a ski mask . 
  there is also a murloc dancing in one of the levels . 
  i think it 's the secret level . 
  if you 're implying the uk is part of europe , you 'd be surprised to hear most british hardly consider themselves so !, 
  seriously though , there 's much more to europe than the uk ... 
  so , what [ jamesau ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/pz9j1/jessica_ahlquist_receives_40000_scholarship_faux/c3tqq1c ) said . 
  plus , a bright girl like jessica seems to be would consider it a healthy challenge to learn a different language , $ 40k would be more than enough to provide for her every need for some two years , much more if she got a job , and there are barely any religious issues around here . 
  dreamland i say !, 
  it 's the homeland of pizza and pasta , and you want hamburgers ? 
  vote ? 
  truth is n't a democracy , you know ? 
  this way : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=jy75jot6nfa#t=1386s, 
  in your case , you probably have a hot colleage you want to bone at your destination . 
  edit : typo , 8 hours late . 
  i 'm european , and i never heard about in-n-out . 
  it must be really good if you go to italy and choose hamburgers over proper italian food . 
  now you made me curious , damnit :(, 
  i 'm curious , where is this ? 
  i live in a catholic country and i 've never seen anyone with ash on their face . 
  pizza no longer a vegetable . 
  i 'm from an european catholic country , i 've never heard about giving anything up for lent other than eating meat on fridays . 
  true enough , i 've been an atheist for too long so i might just have forgotten , but i would n't be surprised if that was another american tradition and the pope does n't give up anything at all . 
  then again , the pope does n't strike me as the kind of person to give anything to anyone . 
  you mean like the puritans left because they could n't persecute enough people ? 
  i do n't remember fucking an asian girl on my high school 's church & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  you 're probably refering to [ this ] ( http://www.buzzhunt.co.uk/wp-content/2011/04/the-word-pineapple-in-different-languages.jpg ) image . 
  the name ananas comes from the indian ( american native ) word for the fruit , so the portuguese and spanish used it because it fits the language . 
  most other languages also adapted it because portuguese and spanish were the only ones trading it at the time . 
  why are english different ? 
  not sure , but i 'm betting the word ananas just does n't roll well in english . 
  it 's the same as maracuj\u00e1 , which is portuguese for passionfruit . 
  i ca n't really explain phonetics well , but it 's almost the same , except the last a is , uh , high pitched , like in car . 
  at least in portuguese . 
  mostly because of different cultures . 
  we portuguese are generally nice and do n't prejudice a former drug addict that is on the way to recovery , because we all make mistakes . 
  germans are disciplined and can be trusted to not be complete whackjobs . 
  they also do n't get their licenses easily . 
  can you say the same about , say , america ? 
  why did you wait 24 seconds to take that screenshot ? 
  as hideous as christianity is , islam is far more dangerous . 
  i 'd give that condom to muhammad 's father instead . 
  what would not signing the treaty actually prevent ? 
  i was under the impression the cold war was the reason for most of the scientific breakthrough after the fifties . 
  do n't bother . 
  it can be entertaining for one hour or so , but then you realise how much work you have to do to get anything done , considering leveling and gearing up to be able to enter instances/not be raped in pvp . 
  actually , the treaty was more of a negotiation than a dispute ; neither country had enough population to control all of their overseas territories , but they did n't want other powers to have them either . 
  it was pretty much a division of spoils , not much more . 
  taxes , i 'd wager . 
  games are expensive in europe too , because of that . 
  we 're gon na have so much confusion because the site uses dd/mm/yyyy . 
  objective , really ?
