  black mesa is the research facility from the half-life game , it was there that an experiment gone wrong created a portal into another universe . 
  you do n't have to be dyslexic in order to misspell supercalifragilisticexpialidocious . 
  rage comics , le and yolo . 
  what an awful troll you are . 
  you 're talking about [ eugenics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eugenics ) . 
  what are you , a borgia ? 
  that 's spanish ( except for that ` di ' ) . 
  `` puttana di merda '' is what you 're looking for !, 
  lms , uh , like my share ? 
  it took me so long to actually see the lumia ... 
  well , there 's a few countries without data . 
  i would not be surprised if in one of those has higher ranking than even the us . 
  north korea , for example . 
  that said , this is n't new to me , but that site is really interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  half life 3 . 
  you ca n't post images and text at the same time , post the image and then ask in a comment inside . 
  are there still first world countries about ? 
  i work to stay alive . 
  why ca n't we use a tamagotchi ? 
  what 's wrong with the moolah ? 
  it seems to be an age thing . 
  i do n't think most people over 25 give a rat 's ass about it , but the younglings grew up with it . 
  ` murica . 
  somewhere , in there , is a crowbar training center . 
  i 'm confused , what does that even have to do with morality at all ? 
  do you have an entry in wikipedia ? 
  yeah , distant . 
  more like in 15 years or so . 
  why would you use yahoo in the first place ? 
  quick google search : http://jes.ecsdl.org/content/74/1/271.short, 
  your rights where , abroad or in the us ? 
  so , now i need to wait for everyone else to post , or what ? 
  poor bear , it has a man stuck in its throat . 
  i 'm quite confused right now . 
  they did google it , that 's what they said , no ? 
  looks like soon-to-be-rape to be honest . 
  it 's the people that are violent . 
  culture and religion are just reasons to be so . 
  education , basically . 
  i do n't know how hard it is for americans to study abroad . 
  education is a lot cheaper in most countries in the world , and it 's just as good . 
  this is just an idea , i 'm sorry that i can not elaborate more . 
  i hope someone with more information and experience can help you . 
  not by me , i 'm sorry . 
  still , maybe some people have n't seen it , may as well just leave it . 
  neil degrasse tyson answered [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/mateq/i_am_neil_degrasse_tyson_ama/c2zg3lz ) on his first ama here on reddit . 
  we almost took over you ... what is he , canadian ? 
  i 'm not american , i 'm just curious what country could he be from . 
  thing about europe is that wherever you go , you 'll always be glad you went there ( as long as there 's historical stuff around , that is ) . 
  why ? 
  do you mean [ the princess and the pea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_princess_and_the_pea ) ? 
  i have no idea what her name is . 
  no idea to be honest . 
  probably not what you 're looking for . 
  maybe you 're thinking of anastasia romanov . 
  she was a real princess who lost everything ( and most likely her life too ) with the fall of the russian empire , and disney made a movie of it where she survived that . 
  edit : i keep forgetting how to properly format a link with parentheses ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anastasia_ ( 1997_film ), 
  what are you trying to say , that it 's their fault people died ? 
  because i think people died from maniacs . 
  what about the voting done by state rather than actual population , how does that work ? 
  as a non-american , it took me a while with google to realise mississipi and alabama are swapped . 
  that 's the joke , right ? 
  why infinite indeed . 
  posting on a phone with autocorrect , are you ? 
  i guess she 's an italian immigrant in copenhagen that noticed you are an italian that does n't look like a guido , and are therefore a capable human being !, 
  iberian lynx ? 
  is this a military access point ? 
  where are the fat american tourists ? 
  that said , happy birthday , i only wish someday i can spend mine in a gorgeous pacific isle . 
  goddamnit , every day i learn a new word from this strange and foreign american culture . 
  noted !, 
  actually failing at school . 
  not while the oil lords have a say . 
  well , it 's a canadian site . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  it 's just a demonstration , calling that a revolution is really stretching it . 
  maybe later there 'll be drunk people doing stupid things , though , can not deny it . 
  edit : also , what the text in that link says is that some woman knocked over one of those security barriers and some chaos ensued , but nothing serious and it 's controlled now . 
  / r/suicidewatch might be helpful . 
  i see . 
  does that mean that we can send our black young men to american as they are apparently born american ? 
  you should get yourself checked . 
  that sounds quite underweight . 
  when it is given to a woman . 
  good to hear . 
  i 'm on the other side of the spectrum , with 177 cm and 90kg currently , lost almost 30 lately and still working on it . 
  health is good amirite ? 
  good , because then you can pretend you do n't know how to play and show off admirably . 
  hah , i love the cherenkov radiation in the reactor shot , rather than that silly green colour !, 
  it 's certainly horrible that this affects you , one individual unrelated to all the protest . 
  my short beard is now shining . 
  i do n't think i 'm fucked at all . 
  wait . 
  i think he means the 911 upvote count . 
  at least i hope he does . 
  people are assholes , sure , but religion gives them a reason to be so . 
  they are supported by a higher authority , so they can do what said entity wishes ( or at least what they think it wishes ) without feeling bad . 
  furthermore , religious people simply refuse , more often than not , to learn any better or educate themselves further , specially in such backward countries . 
  sometimes because their religion tells them it 's an evil thing .
