  for him *, 
  they look so american i just found oil in my room . 
  i did too . 
  i am also ashamed to say i wasted too much time being a hardcore pve player . 
  i do not miss it . 
  i do miss my friends there sometimes , though . 
  is this hl3 or hl2 :3 ? 
  because it 's a different system than most other sites , where you usually like/dislike . 
  most people are n't aware of it , it is n't really intuitive , and requires reading rules . 
  cristiano ronaldo is portuguese , not spanish . 
  well , finding a dollar on the english coast is quite the achievement indeed !, 
  that happened to me too , i just reloaded the save and it worked . 
  one thing that may have happened is the security guard being slow , but i honestly have no way to confirm it . 
  and liars , too . 
  not really , no . 
  so you 're eating about 5 times as much breakfast as i usually do . 
  smart kid , you should be proud . 
  ca n't tell if serious , but ... [ magnum ] ( http://www.icecreamsource.com/assets/images/microdaries/magnum/magnum_classic_lg.jpg ) . 
  shit man , these are awesome ( although you should check the third one , it is n't working ) . 
  also , / r/spaceporn !, 
  punch line in the title , screenshot of reddit text , failing to censor op 's name in the bottom even though you did it in the top . 
  you suck , man !, 
  click the album , then check under album options to the right , add or remove images . 
  as for spaceporn , just post one image per day or something . 
  there is a convention for walking down a hall ? 
  really ? 
  edit : i mean , now that i think about it , what usually happens in sidewalks is that whoever is going towards the cars is closer to the road , as that person can see the danger . 
  i guess it could be logical that the habit goes to halls , too . 
  that would depend on whose book it is . 
  as one of the greatest sources of pleasure ? 
  of course . 
  where do you even get all these ? 
  picture a stereotyped hillbilly : he 's pretty much ignorant about everything , his only worries in life are which sister to breed with first . 
  he has no care about paying taxes , or bringing an helpful contribution to humanity , because he does not know better . 
  that being said , he does not need to concern himself with such trivial matters , and is therefore happy . 
  well your ego is in orbit , so why not try / r/spacedicks ? 
  what the fuck is going on in that gif ? 
  i reckon you lack a comma in that first sentence of yours . 
  but anyway , you need to look at it from said hillbilly 's perspective : he has no need to experiment with knowing more about the world , because he never did it in the first place . 
  he does n't understand how fulfilling it can be . 
  all his basic needs are taken care for - food , shelter and love - so he does not feel the need to be better . 
  anyway , take a dog , for example . 
  they 're the perfect example : if they have their needs taken care of , they will be the happiest creature on earth . 
  sure , they might eat their own vomit , but they do n't understand that they puked for a reason in the first place . 
  they 're just happy there 's food in the ground for some odd reason !, 
  you misspelled cheer . 
  not for you and me , it is n't . 
  but can you say the same for some people you know ? 
  if by real you mean does it have a scientific basis , then no . 
  but people do it . 
  i say some italian words when speaking to people , like buonasera , arriverdeci or va bene . 
  italian 's just a really cool language , no reason not to do it . 
  i do n't understand , does it live inside the internet ? 
  a shame morgoth was imprisoned , really . 
  on the other hand , the best way to create sadness is to throw your brother off a cliff . 
  go where ? 
  when was the last time the history channel did anything right ? 
  raising huffington 's quality , are you ? 
  read the [ silmarillion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_silmarillion ) . 
  it 's basically the history of middle-earth before the events of the lord of the rings . 
  if you 're into that kind of thing , this book is really interesting . 
  are you scandinavian by chance ? 
  yeah , by scandinavian i meant both being from there or descendant of . 
  well , perhaps you , or your friends , have scandinavian descent . 
  - son and - sen mean son and daughter of , as far as i know . 
  for example , eriksson is the son of erik . 
  ah , allright , i stand corrected and learned . 
  i remember when there was some fire in some new york refinery , and my bankrupt country sent some oil to the usa because , you know , charity . 
  you 'll love to know that french fries originated in belgium , too . 
  fuck 's sake , that guy 's a genius . 
  so brave . 
  stand in the soup line . 
  nothing is true , everything is permitted . 
  played world of warcraft . 
  you do n't need no insulting . 
  how exactly does pork fart ? 
  try asking in / r/samplesize / too , 
  edit : ah , you did !, 
  haha , there is so much meta going on here !, 
  edit : baco e etcs . 
  well , obviously , ask him not to eat your donut . 
  sometimes , yes , but not this time i did n't . 
  he killed whores . 
  how would you fit that into the game 's plot ? 
  i just downloaded it , was actually curious to see how close mole 's town is to castle black ... 
  there is no mole 's town . 
  yes , took me a while to see the lightsaber . 
  that 's because it is actually a sonic screwdriver !, 
  did you install [ source sdk base 2007 ] ( http://en.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/zvo61/black_mesa_torrent_file_with_updated_trackers/c686oox ) ? 
  because the fourth digit is 1 , not 5 . 
  he missed it . 
  africa is mostly off the scale . 
  the g-man sure looks scared of that advisor . 
  is n't the imprisoned one in the start of questionable ethics ( i think ) also not using any armor ? 
  is n't the flag inaccurate ? 
  i do n't know if you bought this as an assassin 's creed souvenir or it 's just a random tomahawk that seems to have the crest in it . 
  isolationist ! = oblivious . 
  are you even serious ? 
  why bother ? 
  if he 's calling real evidence inaccurate or largely a hoax , he wo n't really listen , will he ?
