  it 's 8:30 am gmt of the 2nd , where the heck do you live to speak of april fool 's day in the future ? 
  post it in the [ swf porn network ] ( http://redditdirectory.com/11839/sfwporn-network ) . 
  i 'm not quite sure which of these would recieve all those photos . 
  maybe you can post in all of them !, 
  paint is more than enough for what you wanted , if only you could be bothered . 
  anyway , [ related ] ( http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35un3o/ ) . 
  if it 's been there since you were born , does that mean your a guy and your parents wanted a girl ? 
  thus , the information age . 
  there is . 
  i do n't know what windows you have , so i can only show you the shitty windows xp my university 's computers have . 
  if you open paint , there is a cutout option shaped [ like a star ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m5unz.jpg ) . 
  that allows you to do a custom cut by moving the mouse around the hamburger . 
  it takes some time and patience but it can be done if you can be bothered . 
  would n't worry too much about it though , really !, 
  this might be the only time in my time of watching internet videos that i 'm glad i 'm from a small country no one gives a shit about , thus having no such ad problems !, 
  love the black british part . 
  no nonsense about african in it . 
  i 'm pretty sure it did n't happen at all . 
  is n't that what not having the balls to actually pull off means ? 
  because this is as old as water itself ... 
  why the heck is the image reflected sideways ? 
  smiles . 
  i eat beef and i 'd very much need help to get a cow out of the way . 
  did you search for it after watching wrath of the titans ? 
  i did , and found exactly this , which was something i did n't know about as well . 
  got to love greek mythology !, 
  plus the pope , apple and mickey 's hand . 
  [ another world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/another_world_%28video_game%29 ) . 
  my father was stationed at the military base that started the [ carnation revolution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnation_revolution ) . 
  there 's not a big story into it as it was almost deathless , so he never did anything special . 
  it feels that way , but it was nothing special because , like any other military operations that require a safe retreat , he was ordered , among others , to guard the base instead of marching on the capital . 
  thus , he never saw history fold before his eyes in that special day , even though he helped make it . 
  so we do n't talk much about it because it kinda hurts him a bit . 
  a ) yes . 
  b ) i guess he was bored . 
  goddamnit , before the image loaded and moved , i thought someone was sitting in the crapper & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  that 's wrong . 
  everybody knows you only draw a quarter of the sun in a corner . 
  that 's one unread . 
  i actually select all and mark as read , spam included , so i can see when i get new mail . 
  / r/trees is where you belong , friend . 
  air is a really bad conductor . 
  i 'd love it if my house smelled like a forest . 
  because they are not thinking of the impact their death has on everyone else they know . 
  your family will be devastated , your friends will be sad and scared . 
  it 's a terrible thing to do , really . 
  heck , if i was being followed by zombies i 'd have to keep looking back because , well , the dreaded zombie apocalypse would be upon me , and that 's just awesome . 
  well , mediterranic , maybe even cork oak forest , because that 's what i 've grown up with . 
  but i love nature , and would not mind variation over time to different kinds of forests . 
  live set of simpsons : the real movie . 
  what matters in life is doing what you like . 
  i have gmail for important mails , hotmail for site registering and other annoying spam . 
  why do i bother marking as read , then ? 
  because it takes 10 seconds , really . 
  i do n't get that many emails . 
  18 is not underage in most countries in the world . 
  i 've been thinking about an answer , and to be completly honest i have no idea what to tell you . 
  i guess what matters most in life is to stay alive , preferably with some dignity . 
  being unemployed because you took something you like ( eg , art students ) does n't really help it . 
  well that 's not very helpful . 
  i guess the terminator series are excluded , but , what else ... ? 
  what , the jews ? 
  it 's easter , it 's not really an atheist holy day . 
  do correct me if i 'm wrong , but i believe there is a world of difference between design students and pure art/philosophy ( and anything abstract enough ) in terms of income . 
  at least it is so in my country . 
  you got it . 
  what matters in life is being able to earn your own enjoyments . 
  untill you have children , that is . 
  the problem is n't will to do what you want , it 's the power to do so . 
  sometimes , you just ca n't do it because you have more important priorities , such as not starve to death . 
  i know many a people , too many , who i met in college , had great dreams , and now work some 50h per week so they can even afford the bills at the end of the day . 
  fuck , at first i thought it was a mirror , then i took a better look at the reflection !, 
  that 's just insane . 
  how does one keep the saliva in ? 
  building or repairing ? 
  oh , yeah , now i noticed , the teeth are way too low . 
  definitely fake . 
  yep , that 's pretty much how pledging allegiance to anything looks like anywhere in the world . 
  i guess that 's due to sheer number of fans plus american consuming culture , no ? 
  i had it the other way around when i first saw toy story . 
  ca n't tell if it actually touches him . 
  but damn , that 's some near death experience i 'd never want to have . 
  it 's peter dinklage . 
  i 'd bend my knee for him . 
  a simple google search would answer your question . 
  it is due to a phenomenom called [ rayleigh scattering ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rayleigh_scattering#reason_for_the_blue_color_of_the_sky ) . 
  i would understand it if it was n't in arabic . 
  at least i think it 's arabic . 
  her immense work and effort to overcome her problem is nowhere to be seen . 
  it 's one of the interesting things of the english language , that you can turn almost any noun into a verb . 
  that 's some proper and well done science right there . 
  possibly as often as americans travel out of their states . 
  the fool speaks with his heart . 
  a shame . 
  serenity is such a great word . 
  nothing says coming of age like a children 's cartoon . 
  no worries , i 'm sure her sister loved it , that 's all that matters . 
  til mcdonald 's delivers . 
  always good to see justice being served to all . 
  i do n't relate this to christianity at all , but with greed .
