  * the war of thrones ( which sadly is the franchise 's name here , tv series included , rather than the game of thrones ) ;, 
  * the ice wall ;, 
  * the fury of kings ( i suppose it means acok , although it does n't translate directly to that ) ;, 
  * the awakening of magic ;, 
  * the storm of swords ( although * tormenta * is a somewhat more fancy word for it , rather than * tempestade * ) ;, 
  * the glory of traitors ;, 
  * the feast of crows ;, 
  * the iron sea ( or the sea of iron , depending if you take iron as an adjective or a noun , respectively ) ;, 
  * the dance of dragons ;, 
  * the realms of chaos . 
  unlike angels , they would . 
  you could get in trouble for wasting their time , though . 
  again , unlike angels . 
  i 've always been confused by this : under the game 's rules , did you win or did you lose by not having your brain shot off ? 
  so it seems you ca n't carry weapons in berlin unless you 're german . 
  i may well be speaking for all of reddit when i say :, 
  yes , please . 
  i lulz 'd at jajas , goddamnit . 
  mayhaps shitty_watercolour is a nasa robot gone rogue ? 
  because i 'm not american , i do n't think i can fully understand the grasp of this until i actually see a walmart for myself . 
  what are you , communist ? 
  if you have internet access at all times , i suppose you could do is find yourself an online portuguese dictionary . 
  example :, 
  probably not the most helpful thing but your portuguese seems good enough for it as it is . 
  not wanting to nitpick , or maybe i do , but `` saudades '' is not specific to brazilian portuguese . 
  i may as well ask this too :, 
  if you did learn brazilian portuguese rather than its european version , and you say spanish is the hardest language , have you actually ever been to portugal or talked to portuguese people to try and see how it sounds ? 
  you may as well expand this question to all your other languages . 
  not trying to say ep is harder than spanish or bp , i 'm just curious really . 
  really ? 
  that 's a shame , britain has such rich history . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't think they were adjusting , there is no need , it is perfectly understandable . 
  in fact , brazilian people often have more problems understanding us than the other way around . 
  that said , no more questions , but i can only recommend you take a small look at some european portuguese , if you do enjoy languages , because it is as different from brazilian portuguese as american english from its original counterpart , if not more , in both accent , sounds and actual words . 
  if you 're american , that does n't surprise me . 
  you guys seem to be taught that colombus was some sort of paragon of a man of its time , when i , as portuguese , was taught that he got lucky and was a really bad sailor ( miscalculating the size of earth and all ) . 
  edit : yes , i 'm sure there 's a bit of bad manner influence on how we 're taught our history in that matter . 
  to be fair , when you say `` people used to think '' you may as well be referring to scholars and scientists of the time , not peasants or imbecile fundies like from that site . 
  that 's actually an interesting and possibly more historically accurate point of view . 
  i 'll have to start using that myself . 
  i like to think that old nan is the only one who can ever tell us who jon snow 's parents really are . 
  asimon 's foundation universe probably also had a lot of speculation , but it was some half a century ago . 
  oh lord , i am ashamed . 
  yes , it is a repost , it is the very definition of repost . 
  that does n't mean it is a bad thing . 
  as you say , there are high chances people have n't seen it . 
  just post the damn thing and do n't worry . 
  that 's assuming anyone outside the us gives a shit about fred phelps . 
  he 's your scumbag , you deal with it !, 
  shit , you 're right , i 'm like totally foreign and the thought of fred phelps angers me !, 
  manually wash it then . 
  it 's usually related to authoritarian regimes , so no , i live in a free country . 
  i think he 's saying how the imperial system , for the most part , does not divide in tenths but in rather something a lot more confusing . 
  if you need tools to eat rather than be a man and use a gun to shoot it into your mouth , yes . 
  everybody but rednecks from some backwater town in america is gon na name theirs . 
  british teen typing is so weird . 
  a place that steals internet works and brands them as its own , and where you really do n't want to read the comments , as it uses facebook and is filled with young teenagers . 
  i do n't think that killed the spider . 
  the uk borders are ever so confusing , but is n't scotland part of great britain ? 
  you 're basically figthing against gravity . 
  i was being humourous , but thanks for being helpful anyway !, 
  in times of war it can become mandatory . 
  we need one of those novelty accounts to draw us one super christian mom . 
  not in ireland . 
  ale 's the leading cause of drowning there . 
  spore . 
  i do n't get it . 
  they both look like castles from the british isles , but i do n't see how they 're the same . 
  if google is doing it so gay people get as much actual money as straight people , then no , i 'm not mad at all . 
  it 's a really nice policy from google to be honest . 
  i need to spend about 1000 $ every year to get a superior education . 
  i live in an european capital . 
  ca n't really say which one is the most popular . 
  suppose it 's the graveyard , where pretty much every tomb is a mausoleum . 
  grim , i know , but that 's the truth . 
   black police suv, 
  i was trying to understand why it mattered that the police was black . 
  goddamn i should n't read reddit so early . 
  i was 13 when it came out . 
  is this some strange way of reposting things ? 
  drug lord . 
  it 's worse than that , the girl is 10 or something . 
  how many times did you jpeg that motherfucker ? 
  move where , if i may ask ? 
  there 's a lot of different europe . 
  martin , i sincerely hope . 
  doors were on promotion . 
  indeed , * homo sapiens * is also a kind of odd ape . 
  i may be confused , but is n't petrichor the name of scent , rather than its cause ? 
  that said , that article does list what causes it , [ actinomycetes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/actinomycetes ) , a bacteria . 
  someone has to ask , is that a typo in the title ? 
  do you fill these balloons with anything special or is it just air from your lungs ? 
  as for the balloon request , i 'd like to see the simpson family . 
  i know what cthulhu is , what i do n't get is how did you blow up overnight . 
  edit : nevermind , i read it [ above ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/yl9kx/im_that_cthulhu_balloon_guy_i_blew_up_overnight/c5wl3nf ) , 
  make a minecraft block using balloons . 
  you 're a [ deist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deism ) . 
  i experience not getting laid all the time :(, 
  i really love how americans spell foreign words , it 's ever so awesome .
