  if you 're a minor , call the cops . 
  heck , call them if you 're not a minor anyway . 
  it was a guess . 
  i meant no offense , it 's actually not rare at all to find such mispellings by americans . 
  it 's a generic term to describe an environment rigged with cameras , watching everything and everyone all the time . 
  the tv show is just really awful . 
  talk about punchline in the title ... 
  your * and is not really funny . 
  you can be sure that if downloaded movies had watermarks and teenagers commenting , i would n't download it either . 
  it 's a shame i missed that thread . 
  but there 's one person that might be able to know as well : old nan . 
  i 'm not entirely sure about it , but bran does see a pregnant woman praying for a son to avenge her on winterfell 's weirwood . 
  if that is lyanna , then there 's a big chance old nan knows about the truth as she would be the one delivering the baby . 
  although , that would require a new thought on the whole tower of joy thing ... 
  i 've never done anything of the sort so do forgive me if it is not the kind of suggestion you 're looking for :, 
  make sure you exercise often !, 
  do you comprehend ? 
  to be fair it 's possible there 's a niche for that as advice on every single askreddit post !, 
  but i only said it because i 'm a former lazy gamer ( read : staying home a lot ) who only recently started doing actual exercise . 
  never let your body rot , all i can say . 
  when you upload to imgur ( example ) you generally get redirected to the page the image is hosted at , rather than the image itself . 
  people just copy that link and post it . 
  or use imgur own reddit shortcut . 
  i 'm confused : is it a flow chart explaining non-caucasians how to wear sweaters , or explaining them why white folk use sweaters ? 
  english is n't my first language , but is n't it freshmen ? 
  only if it also worked the other way around . 
  least he can play cs : go . 
  unsubscribe from / r/atheism . 
  do n't worry , you 're not the only one who thinks that way , i always said `` am a '' even though it stands for something else . 
  no joke , just honest advertisement . 
  and , in the meanwhile , fed a number of families for a number of months . 
  i 'll answer in english if that 's okay with you :, 
  there is a new [ subway ] ( http://www.metrolisboa.pt/informacao/planear-a-viagem/diagrama/ ) station in lisbon 's airport . 
  subway ticket is 1.25 $ per person , plus 0.50 $ for first time travels as you need to buy a card . 
  there are other alternate ways , like 24h or weekly ( i think ) passes . 
  from there , you can catch the red line and switch in * alameda * for the blue line , towards * cais do sodr\u00e9 * , exiting in the * baixa/chiado * station . 
  rua da prata is not far from there , you need only to go downwards . 
  ask around anyone in there , people wo n't charge anything to help you . 
  the whole trip should take around 20 to 30 minutes . 
  it may be faster by taxi , but you are probably carrying luggage so i doubt it 'll be cheaper . 
  well , there is the costa , but that is in the other side of the river and , indeed , a costly and boring trip . 
  an alternative is to catch a train in cais do sodr\u00e9 ( easy to go trough the subway ) and leave in a number of stations that have beaches just below them . 
  i 'll be honest with you , i 've lived in lisbon all my life and i 've never been to one of these beaches . 
  last time i 've gone to cascais ( last station in the line ) , it cost me 2.05 $ a trip . 
  hope this helps , and enjoy our city , 
  could i get a source on that ? 
  this , or if you were asking for celebrity amas , http://www.reddit.com/r/iamafamousarchive/, 
  i am the former king of nigeria , i 'll send you us$ 1,000,000 if you create the account kingabaeze for me . 
  give him more time , and learn what he likes from watching him rather than asking him . 
  he probably just does n't like to talk . 
  reading about american politics and the size of their nuclear arsenal . 
  i do n't really think it is sustainable with today 's technology and , most importantly , policies . 
  however , the energy from the sun that is actually used on our life is very little . 
  if we can find ways to use it much more , and stop depending on fossil energies so much , we will find ourselves in a much better situation . 
  obviously they did n't fit in the ark , and all ships are female so there was no male to pair them up with . 
  the logical conclusion of this is that pre-flood boats were something entirely different than post-flood boats . 
  what do you have left to become a cop ? 
  and why do you want to be one ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not american , so i hope you do n't mind me asking : what state are you in , and how old are you ? 
  or , if you prefer to stay anonymous , would there be a better state to be a police officer , and how long do you think you need to wait before you can become what you want ? 
  i did n't actually create it , but then again , no way to prove it . 
  shitty_watercolour is english , if i remember correctly . 
  so no rape needed !, 
  if you 're a minor , you 're not legally a person . 
  it 's okay , we just had the republican convention , we do n't really need more retarded american politics for the time being . 
  do you write factual stories or you try to be more appealing to your local population political/cultural preferences ? 
  if so , are you told do so or is there another reason ? 
  why ? 
  it 's quite a lot more than what i currently have :(, 
  funny enough , them silly americans already started it !, 
  smooth skin makes you more attractive under today 's society patterns only . 
  americans would go crazy because he 's not white . 
  that depends , if the kid is going into your crazy american penal system ( being 16 ) , then please do n't . 
  but if learns a good lesson by doing some community work or something , then it might be a good idea . 
  still , if you 're not pressing charges in order to protect your son , then how can he ever learn how to defend himself and that sometimes you do need to fight ( figuratively or not ) ? 
  you ca n't cure idiot indeed . 
  bull shit . 
  por alto . 
  edit :, 
  before people tell you to buy some pills , do you go to bed at a regular time every night , whenever you are sleepy , or just whenever the fuck you want ? 
  [ henry the navigator ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_the_navigator ) . 
  just because . 
  north korea . 
  because i have n't been banned from / r/pyongyang yet . 
  well , technically , australia country \u2260 australia continent . 
  hopefully , flying cars . 
  looks shooped . 
  but dude , if the usa did n't exist how would we know we do n't want the usa to exist ? 
  what 's with all the renaissance dates ? 
  search for a new job . 
  what 's the average hospital fee for , say , a bandage ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  call me ignorant , but how is this macro used incorrectly ? 
  goddamnit , i thought of that the moment i saw this posted 4 hours ago ( i browse new posts a lot ) , but i did n't risk it because i thought it was too obvious . 
  oh well , fortune favours the bold i guess !, 
  better imagination . 
  this , really . 
  the main good thing the us ever did to the world was to function as an haven for scientists all over the world to gather up and do great scientific breakthroughs in the 20th century . 
  not to say we would n't have technology .
