  if the moon 's around 2000 miles in diameter , the [ colony ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l99fe9e.jpg ) there must have around 500 miles in diameter . 
  that 's about the size of spain . 
  o top \u00e9 em absoluto , se fosse relativo ( ie , percentagem de upvotes ) , seria diferente . 
  that 's how you die a couple times while flying and muscle memory presses b which is now a different spell . 
  well yeah , he 's a bastard to the richest family in westeros ... 
  or a family ( saudi arabia ) . 
  at first i thought it was the tree ( druid ) that was tellign the otehrs to go resto ... 
  espa\u00f1ol is in no way used to describe any languages other than castillian and its american dialects . 
  certainly not portuguese at all . 
  uh , yeah , mine too . 
  just `` states '' , really . 
  is a tryant a variant of a guinea pig ? 
  what exactly is `` about half '' ? 
  it makes me wonder if the close coincidence of the brow and black line ( ~ 10 km ) is n't a construct because of that word . 
  because if it is n't , that 's a pretty curious and interesting point !, 
  i think the most wtf about uther 's clip is how kael ` thas , who was in the garden terror , was left behind against three enemies , managed to kill one and still escaped . 
  look for a neighborhood with plenty of old people . 
  those have about 4 hairstylers per block , one of them ougth to be cheaper . 
  good . 
  that means he can give more in the future . 
  falta o acento no `` e '' , '' \u00e9 independente '' . 
  your best option is to directly talk to the provider via e-mail and explain your situation . 
  if that does n't work , maybe find someone in portugal that could do it for you and you 'd pay that person instead . 
  i would get it , all of it , if there was a pc version . 
  no way i 'm ever buying an xbox ... 
  how is it condescending ? 
  i 'm not going to buy one , the only reason i 'd ever buy a console is to play with friends on local multiplayer , which is fun , but i do n't have gamer friends so no reason . 
  did you google class colors rgb code ? 
  i figured , did an essay once that had a land and sea map and picked warrior and shaman colours for it :d, 
  also , if you remove the red stone from his neck he will grow considerably older . 
  que browser do adblock \u00e9 esse ? 
  you could have checked the action bares :p, 
  what region ? 
  so is this norse mithology now ? 
  trolls , dragons , runes ? 
  will kratos become odin and will his sob be thor ( given the ligthning arrows ) ? 
  afaik it is also the artist 's initials . 
  samwise didier , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  yes , but the old bg marks were designed long before that ... 
  he had the rigth of way there , and you do n't really know if he could move to the left . 
  edit : why am i getting downvoted , am i wrong in anything ? 
  [ meninos ] ( http://www.adegadefavaios.pt/sites/default/files/styles/large/public/plastico_0_0.jpg?itok=jsifhiwk ) ... 
  we do n't use dryers around here so this is new to me . 
  mas paga as contas ... 
  but that 's not how you say it , is it ? 
  i get the hoke , i was only wondering if you say nine-tendo or nin-tendo , nin - like in ninja . 
  unless you also say nine-ja which will severly disappoint me ... 
  or portuguese . 
  so you know , past winners have taken a total of over $ 56,802 . 
  that sounds awesome , i love the elements !, 
  are those quests all done once legion comes out or will the story only be completed at the last patch of legion ? 
  hey i had n't noticed before that mei 's gun l\u00edquido goes down with each shot . 
  you see them all the time in portugal , those flyers . 
  it 's a tunning joke for the portugueses , but i guess some africans and brazilians really believe it ... 
  well it lacks the remaining 400 years of european colonialismo . 
  there 's christianity , for once . 
  i have the first one up all the time , but no real lag , with a 100 mb connection . 
  i used to lag a lot but it seems there is an issue with ow and rog laptops , if anyone knows a fix other than terminating one process i 'd live to know . 
  that would be l\u00facia . 
  no , acute accent is on the u. 
  like so : http://www.lucia.pt, 
  i learn new things every day !, 
  elite tauren chieftain has been around for some 15 years and it 's blizzard 's . 
  i love how you tried to kill the scooter while you were at it !, 
  for those who do n't get it like me , egg benedict seems to be an american breakfast of sorts . 
  i do n't get it . 
  english is n't my first language so it might be a pronuncation thing . 
  what is he saying ? 
  it 's a female . 
  para evitar encher o sub , por favor comenta na thread j\u00e1 existente . 
  can you give me some quick tips for her , please ? 
  shields just seem so weak , turrets die easily and so does she . 
  i dunno , she kinda looks like sort of a glass cannon but i 'm stuck in the glass part ... 
  i laughed . 
  sorry this post did n't get the apreciation it should have . 
  zen : `` eh in my cocoon '', 
  edit : a tal surpresa - apareceu-nos o fundador do reddit , / u/kn0thing, 
  i try to chance heroes for some variation but in the end i always go back to l\u00facio because there 's never any healer ... 
  marketing , ao que parece . 
  for sure , thanks for the beers !, 
  how do you even jump like that ? 
  well , where is it ? 
  hey , thanks !, 
  what i do n't understand is how often can i give shields to people ... 
  it seems i can only give them once and never again : /, 
  but ... that is not portugal : /, 
  mods ca n't change titles . 
   friend e : do n't forget your captain america tights, 
  is he calling him a hero ? 
  that 's what you do with a house . 
  same argument could be said for a car , albeit on a much smaller scale , and yet you still always sell our car for less than you bought it . 
   bananned *, 
  what a shitty title . 
  it 'll be even worse when america finally adopts the correct dating format , whichever one that is . 
  can you give an example or something ? 
  it 's a joke . 
  people always run away from mercy . 
  til a second soldier 76 ai will show up as soldier 77 . 
  for karma . 
  importa-se *,
