  there 's a few areas in black mesa where you can get simply stuck . 
  i got stuck in lambda complex transit area , or something , where there is a tank that is supposed to blow up a door , because i destroyed the tank before it could do anything . 
  making something illegal does n't completely stop them . 
  it just makes the perpetrators reconsider before doing it , but being religious they often have little issue with it , i suppose . 
  the ones with yahoo make them look like some hillbilly from the bible belt 's doing the search . 
  at least it 's still fast food . 
  that 's the thing with us men , sometimes half our brain gets an erection . 
   `` she responded by telling me to cover my eyes , which was very insulting to me , '' beheshti said . 
  why do you think security guards wear a helmet ? 
  i would force entropy to never increase . 
  the oil lords are actively preventing better energy research to be done , or at least to be put into the practical world . 
  two . 
  one for everything , other for the gym . 
  oh my god , half-life 3 is going to be released somewhen in the future ?!? 
  to the lady typing on reddit to some douchebag somewhere on planet earth ... 
  we know you 're not actually talking to said unpleasant gentleman . 
  [ miner ] ( http://www.dadwagon.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/dopey.jpg ) . 
  i hate to say this , because it 's still great to see them two helping each other . 
  but the girl looks quite young . 
  nice fail right there buddy . 
  does anyone ? 
  what the fuck . 
  why do you guys have all kinds of weird stuff and awesome stuff ? 
  the only paradigm you need to lose is that the bible is 100 % true . 
  keeping in mind that it was written by men and not your deity , it 's not that hard . 
  edit : ah , i wrote this before your edit . 
  unfortunately your fundamentalist friend will probably not accept this argument . 
  that 's a pretty common domestic statement , actually . 
  uh , congratulations on your son , but you should be aware of rule # 3 on the sidebar . 
  klingons are people too . 
  do you have children ? 
  more like my elderly aunt . 
  nope , i have n't heard of it , can i get a link ? 
  looks like ice tea to me . 
  it makes it look like the guy in the back ( top left ) is having a stroke . 
  hey kid , just a piece of advice , change your nickname . 
  you 'll regret having it in a few years , trust me . 
  what the hell , i do not recall that sound happening when i got there . 
  those mumbled dying screams scare the shit out of me . 
  to put it mildly , he studied and stopped with the immature jokes long ago . 
  because money gain is exponential . 
  the more money you have , the more you can make by investing . 
  if you have no money , you ca n't make any . 
  yeah that 's the thing , i ca n't tell if this is a troll attempt on 9gag or something , because of that exactly . 
  it certainly has global impact . 
  not only do you have one of the biggest nuclear arsenals , you also have importance in economic terms . 
  whoever gets to be in charge is prefered to not be a crazy . 
  plus , watching your presidential debates is funny as fuck . 
  everyone in here is saying gordan . 
  why ? 
  trough the whole game even . 
  the part with 15 energy is after you get the suit , you can get 15 energy . 
  polytheist religions tend to be more tolerant of other gods and religions because , precisely , they are polytheist . 
  furthermore , it was generally accepted that each region/civilization had its own gods . 
  the bible deity , however , explains very early that he is n't going to accept other imaginary beings sharing the glory of being worshipped , and that is the whole idea of spreading the good news : there is only one god , and he came down and had himself killed . 
  no refineries back then , thus no gas . 
  useless car !, 
  there is no nice way . 
  they know they should lose some weight . 
  you do n't have sisters , do you ? 
  what about the oven ? 
  actually , not true . 
   most of the mass of the human body is oxygen , but most of the atoms in the human body are hydrogen atoms . 
  fashion . 
  why ? 
  it sounds like a pretty normal theist prayer . 
  first thing i learned is that i spelt ricky gervais wrong . 
  `` all this time and i still ca n't spell . '', 
  he got one thing right : the bible is quite voracious . 
  not yet , it is n't . 
  sorry man , that 's probably one of the easiest . 
  by putting pressure you 're closing down the blood vessels and reducing the flow of blood . 
  blood loss is a very important thing to avoid , plus it also helps it clot faster . 
  can you open jar jar binks for us ? 
  what the heck is that # sign in the title ? 
  i 'm curious actually , what is actually taught in that course and why the fuck do you americans feel the need to have it ? 
  did you accidentally a word , or what ? 
  just making sure . 
  you could try talking to the woman . 
  to be honest , most of non-native english speakers taught themselves that , although on an introductory level mostly . 
  mind you , basic english , the kind needed for basic quotidian conversations , is very easy to learn . 
  but it 's a different thing to be a little bit more fluent . 
  english has a lot of difficult things , namely irregular verbs and many different words with equal meanings , or vice-versa . 
  i ca n't even begin to understand what jigger actually means . 
  although i 'm convinced no one can . 
  i was afraid i would sound ignorant . 
  actually , i was . 
  thanks for fixing that !, 
  i 'm pretty sure the lobster 's dead . 
  boiled even , being red . 
  one individual can be intelligent , but a big group of individuals seldom is . 
  thing is , for as long as parents can decide what to teach their children , it 's the parents we need to reach . 
  alien . 
  i certainly do wish you luck , high school love does n't often work . 
  be happy , brother . 
  if there 's even a remote chance he might drown for not knowing how to swim , then swim . 
  the `` reading is fucking fun '' face always makes me laugh . 
  poor girl . 
  the wheel of time repeats history . 
  there was a birth of jesus before jesus was born , so there was jews in india before columbus got there .
