  english is n't my first language but i do n't think they are : /, 
  how do you raze your own cities ? 
  that 's a very detailed spanish shield . 
  holy hear vs holy see . 
  i do n't quite get the joke . 
  great reader = great leader in eastern asian accent . 
  i think the humour here is how bad this map is . 
  it 's not columbus fault that the other word for native american , indio ( [ see second definition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indio ) ) did n't go trough in english . 
  in portuguese , we say * indio * for native americans ( both north and south america ) and * indianos * for indians from india . 
  it was still columbus who fucked up by calling them the wrong thing , but we just adapted to is usual fuckery . 
  ah yes , a scarred sole is a ruined shoe . 
   have wine with lunch . 
  you 're on vacation . 
  that is n't vacation , it 's just a normal day !, 
  i 'm really glad you and yours enjoy portugal , apparently it 's even a family thing given your step-sister 's honeymoon . 
  on a note , your pinh\u00e3o link leads us somewhere close to brasilia , in brazil . 
  i think you meant [ this ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/iqpbu ) instead . 
  finally , please consider x-posting this to / r/travel . 
  to be fair , the prices he mentioned make me consider he only went to touristy places where they are inflated . 
  $ 12 ( close to $ 9 ) for 2l of sangria seems high to me , for instance . 
  spain is n't in the scramble for africa scenario . 
  portugal is . 
  it even has its cute little nuke . 
  i ca n't be sure anymore . 
  from personal experience , it seems so , but that is because i know where to look in portugal ( the shittiest a restaurant looks , the better and the cheaper the food is ) whereas i have no idea where to look in other countries . 
  it 's shitty here , sure , but at least we do n't have student loan debts , which is nice . 
  and i pay it for everyone else , as does everyone else pay for mine . 
  portugal . 
  linkaste a mesma thread que o op ... 
  the way they are remembered differs . 
  you 'll be dead , you wo n't care after that , but before you die you might be interested in being remembered as a good person rather than a bad person . 
  why must you fall for trolls ? 
  portuguese are n't muslim eithers and yet we have a word that comes from that saying , * oxal\u00e1 * , which means about the same without religious connotations , ie , hopefully . 
  edit : \u00c9 / u/van _ zeller . 
  to be honest , the american empire is also rather tolerant and multicultural . 
  just not when the flag is around . 
   portugal is still suffering from post-imperial withdrawal syndrome, 
   these maps were produced in the last years of portugal 's dictatorship ( and empire ) , both of which ended with the so-called carnation revolution in 1975 . 
  that , and they have only recently undergone total industrialization , which is a period where you ca n't really afford more expensive energy . 
  they are now investing heavily in renewable and less polluting sources of energy production . 
  knights of new no / r/portugal ? 
  i was saying that the reason china 's co2 production shot up during the last decades is because of their intense industrialization , as well as their heavy population numbers . 
  the numbers will now tend to eventually climb at a much lower rate than right now ( albeit not for a few more decades ) because the chinese are investing in renewables . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what myth you are talking about . 
  you 're right that the west did n't have renewables then . 
  they do now , and the change of co2 production is not comparable to what it was in the 19th century ( although the production itself is much larger , evidently ) . 
  i do n't know , i had this shitty computer for nearly ten years , it barely ran anything on lowest settings . 
  then i bought a new computer . 
  the change was so drastic i ca n't even describe it . 
  czechs are n't gypsy , they 're white muslim ruskies who blew up boston marathon . 
  to be fair she could also be russian . 
  if you kill men , your k will rise . 
  if you fuck women , your f will rise . 
  that does n't increase the ratio . 
  they do know how to win : go to war with weak ( ened ) powers . 
  the same as with every authoritarian regime : security . 
  sure it would only be so as long as you abide to the strict rules , but you would be safe . 
  that blood texture reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_oyhuqiiou ) . 
  fine , he would get sore just thinking of how tiling that would be . 
  / u/user _ history_bot user_history_bot, 
  corredor ecol\u00f3gico : http://www.valongoambiental.com/files/corredorecologico.pdf, 
  percurso verde : http://www.valongoambiental.com/index.php?section=67, 
  percurso amarelo : http://www.valongoambiental.com/index.php?section=68, 
  percurso vermelho : http://www.valongoambiental.com/index.php?section=69, 
  the douro valley . 
  it 's absolutely amazing . 
  did you died ? 
  are n't those goblins ? 
  rip india . 
  this blows the mind . 
  excelente !, 
  jurassic park . 
  i was 8 years old when that movie was released and , just like any kid at the time , i was super enthusiastic about dinosaurs , so my parents took me to see that movie because i kept talking about it and they had no idea what it was about . 
  that was twenty years ago , and i still ca n't watch that movie without feeling a sense of utmost terror once in a while . 
  not old yet . 
  my life . 
  but alas , ca n't find anyone . 
  sun comes up , sun comes down . 
  although that 's not what really happens , it 's all matter of perspective . 
  well that did n't take long . 
  but i agree . 
  it is if you do n't leave your house . 
  i look at old pictures and realise i 'm doing the right thing . 
  the name was already taken . 
   i thought everyone knew that japan had 3 ( not counting romanji ) alphabets . 
  they do ? 
  eternal bad mouthing of everything . 
  it 's simple . 
  we kill the croc . 
  i would say north korea , but that is best country , not worst country . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  japan is in the east from portugal 's perspective . 
  and portugal was possibly the least violent of the european empires ( although still violent once in a while ) . 
  this is fantastic , and i kind of feel bad for asking , but take it as constructive criticism : it feels like you got the teeth 's perspective wrong , the way they are now seems a bit unnatural . 
  but otherwise this is amazing . 
  i wish i was good at painting stuff in paper , let alone in my self . 
  i doubt he was talking about portugal itself . 
  ... and that it was unfounded by the us . 
  this is n't actually wikipedia , you know ? 
  yes , i do seem to not recall that happening .
