  your hand is so steady ... 
  i wish i could do that :(, 
  oh god , no . 
  huehuehue , rsrsrsrs and ashuahahusadhuzofjkcopszdkjvop are all exclusively brazillian . 
  we just haha and lol in portugal like everyone else . 
  no thanks . 
  huehueing for cash is worse than sucking cocks . 
   tnt, 
  ftfy, 
  but he 's mimicking a chimpanzee which is not a monkey , but an ape ... 
  the librarian is an orangutang , still not a monkey . 
  i like how there 's an exclamation mark if you choose `` no brushing ! '', 
  in teeth brushing . 
  [ patriotismo intensifica-se ], 
  i have to say , that is an incredibly hard accent . 
  as a portuguese , i couls barely believe they were speaking portuguese and had to come to the comments for confirmation . 
  only way available at the time i wager . 
  moorish spain ? 
  that was a long time ago . 
  dude fell in the pit . 
  there seems to be a correlation between the price and distance to russia . 
  relative to what ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  neither of those is brazillian . 
   do you think universals exist as physical planes of reality or as artificial constructs ? 
  yes . 
  i thought the, 
  binoculars were a shotgun at first ... 
  esl here : is thunk a word ? 
  let 's hope this time they wo n't show some guy pretending to play what is an obvious scripted game . 
  that looked awkward as hell last time . 
  notice how he 's using a controller , then tell me if the demonstration does not seem scripted at all . 
  it sold me the game , i was just saying it 's awkward to have some dude standing there and pretending he 's playing when it is obvious he is n't :p, 
  i too live in portugal and i do n't experience junkies everywhere . 
  that for itself does not prove anything . 
  that 's what anedoctal evidencs means . 
  portugues or spanish sofia maria ? 
  think you messed up the units there . 
  si with mph ? 
  and you would n't get kilojoules . 
  but mozambique was never british . 
  none of portuguese former colonies ever had islam as a religion , and the only people that migrate to portugal come from said colonies . 
  spain , for example , gets a lot of moroccan people , as well as other northern african countries . 
  i like the maps , but i still do n't understand why you insist in putting relative in the title . 
  this is n't relative . 
  quick , place a dome around his farm !, 
  a bit confusing . 
  because of the legend for the grey colour , at first i thought colours meant time distance to the nearest airport . 
  why is orange juice not healthy ? 
  is this the bottle kind or actual squeezed oranges we 're talking about here ? 
  that said , i much prefer the oranges as they are anyway . 
  only if you add sugar , it wo n't magically appear out of nowhere , i think . 
  well [ here ] ( http://images.huffingtonpost.com/2015-04-02-1427977496-8837818-ziva_david_3-thumb.jpg ) 's one . 
  yeah if you are talking about the kind you buy at the supermarket , of course it is awful , but what about natural orange juice ? 
  reddit sure has a lot of people who advocates death of others . 
  but , like in many other things , it also has many people who respect life . 
  do n't take the opinions of the few to be that of the many , whichever it is . 
  it is controversial . 
  somewhere in the a, 
  settings there is an option to mark controversial comments with a cross . 
  boa sorte , espero que o encontrem !, 
  \u00c9 verdade , mas as low cost ajudam bastante . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people ? 
  what 's an oceanic tourist ? 
  another point of view :, 
  source :, 
  there are clearly a few bugs ( evident when you select tallinn , for instance ) , but interesting nonetheless . 
  not to be pedantic , but why do you say english rather than latin alphabet ? 
  and some do , yes , but nothing indicates it is english rather than other language . 
  ah well , it 's just a minor irrelevant question really . 
   `` i 'm a portuguese woman with a very northern skin . '', 
  / u/trollabot portugal, 
  in english , you mean . 
  it is known as gasoline in a lot of places . 
  that 's not fair . 
  that 's a bold statement . 
  truly shitty because it does n't include mexico , and let 's not get started with historical united states , like brazil . 
  i have this one too . 
  i 'm a nob and have no idea what the guy above me said , i just like it and it as cool side buttons that allow me to kick pilots in the face or punch them hard . 
  is gud , that 's all . 
  what i do n't understand is why you are coming once per month instead of doing a big trip !, 
  edit : n\u00e3o estou a defender a worten no caso do op . 
  being a brilliant physicist is far more valuable , in theoretical terms , than being an innovative engineer . 
  source : logic / s, 
  pay attention to the minimap ( play frontier defense to practice minimap awareness ) and ingame sounds , like footsteps , jump packs , stim and grunts yelling `` enemy pilot !, 
  '' , for instance . 
  sendo os gunas do mato de gondomar e os gunas do mar de matosinhos . 
  but which one ? 
  farturas . 
  mr. terminator , you would n't happen to have a high definition picture of you getting kicked in the head by bruce lee , like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jd9br9k.png ) one from the video ? 
  saying african-american . 
  esl here , what is the difference ? 
  that lion king theme when mufasa dies . 
  where in spanish do you read r as d ? 
  it does . 
  cork oak trees take around fifty years to mature and can be then harvested every nine , ten years . 
  they also last two , three hundred years . 
  source : i am from portugal and my father is a cork producer , every year i see this harvest happening ( trees are set in separate cycles ) . 
  any further questions , feel free to ask , i 'll try to answer anything . 
  other than the cork floor tiles ( which are made from cork scraps ) everyone knows about , cork is used to as a special seal of liquids , as it will allow for air to pass through but no liquid .
