  the us military , while big and technological advanced , can still be defeated . 
  it has had problems against guerrillas in many small countries all over the world . 
  and do n't pretend like it could easily defeat the pla in a war . 
  i think you are vastly overestimating the us military and vastly underestimating how hard it is to dominate a nation . 
  vietnam , iraq , afghanistan , much of the old ussr , they are all great examples of how even a big nation usually struggles immensely with smaller countries with a technological deficit , simply by means of guerrilla . 
  and , seriously , nukes ? 
  you do n't even know submarines do n't carry icbms , they carry slbms , let alone that one would not in fact wipe out three countries , specially one as large as china . 
  plus , the moment america would use unprovoked nuclear power would be the moment the entire world would unite against america , and there is no way it could win . 
  what a load of factless bullshit you said . 
  thank you . 
  nukes are indeed not an option . 
  that said , a stalemate is a defeat to an invading force , for the most part . 
  if it can not successfully control the country and fails to meet its objectives , as you said , then it has been defeated . 
  the us army does not really care about foreign human rights as evidenced by guantanamo bay and countless collateral damages . 
  what is stopping it is the fear of retaliation from the rest of the world , as it should be . 
  oh definitely , i 'm not going to deny that . 
  for all its wrongs , the us army is still a force of good in the world , and a very strong force , and hopefully it will stay so for very long . 
  but it is not invincible , and talks of wiping out entire countries by many users here are just evil . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/dxosj/what_word_or_phrase_did_you_totally_misunderstand/c13pbyc ) . 
  he does n't have to be european , just not from the usa . 
  i wonder what is going on in the iberian peninsula . 
  we used to have very strong family values . 
  thank you for your insight , but you seem to be talking about the us military and a defensive standing . 
  i have no problems imagining that an attempt to invade us territory would end in nothing but a defeat for the invader . 
  but i have the same feeling for strong armies like china , the combined might of europe or even russia . 
  what would say about the us military as an attacker against a strong force ? 
  we could talk about the world wars , where it took here for the allies ( keyword ) to defeat what was pretty much one single european country . 
  you 're right . 
  but that does n't mean you should ignore the weight of the other allies , which is something you see often when talking about the ww . 
  i did read your post , it is very interesting and it would be just rude not to read it after my request . 
  i think you do bring an interesting point , the us military does seem to focus heavily on mobility , with the gigantic navy and , indeed , all the bases around the world . 
  thank you for the new perspective and let 's hope this conversation stays theoretical , 
  luxemburgo is the word in portuguese and spanish . 
  what 's with the map ? 
  i mean , sure it is n't mercator but still ... 
  yes it has , there are many bible quotes about how other religions are false . 
  for example :, 
   john 14:6, 
   jesus said to him , `` i am the way , and the truth , and the life . 
  no one comes to the father except through me . 
  it can also be seen as strong family values . 
  that 's why they 're values . 
  different cultures , different values . 
  como ?!, 
  i also do n't think the us could successfully invade china . 
  on earth . 
  could an american please be so kind what is a pedro that the us government does n't have ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's the one on some debris , on earth , where you find a radio to call normandy . 
   after living in spain for five years you can apply for permanent residence , and after 10 years you can apply for spanish nationality or citizenship . 
  [ ... ] refugees only wait five years and nationals from spanish-american countries , andorra , the philippines , equatorial guinea , portugal and those of sephardic origin wait only for two . 
  [ ... ] if you 're the spouse/widow/widower of a spaniard or are the child of spanish parents ( even if born outside spain ) or spanish grandparents , then you only have to wait one year . 
  a private prison is something evil taken out of a bad science fiction movie ... 
  i am appalled they exist in real life . 
  what movie is it ? 
  it 's probably their fee or some hidden promotion in the registration . 
  but then it would have a capital p. 
  nope , because only in the us are they branded felons . 
  what monsoon ? 
  just because it translate it to it does n't make it the same thing . 
  sweden does n't even use civil law . 
  edit : but you 're right , nothing about the title mentions the us . 
  til batman is a tumblerina . 
  nah , someone else commenting about gold will . 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  do american road rules even allow him to be in the that lane in the first place ? 
  it seemed to be on the opposite direction ... 
  if not , how come the police did n't do anything before ? 
  i 'm sure someone said `` i hope it 's aliens !, 
   you do n't think there is any kind of loss that occurs when people are no longer forced to push themselves and make more money ? 
  what the fuck ? 
   assume i 'm intelligent and somewhat wiser beyond my years . 
  you 're not . 
  you are amazing at drawing hair/fur !, 
  ah , my bad . 
  not enough pixels to see it at first , i only saw the yellow lines and gigantic cars and assumed it was america . 
  so i 'm curious , those 13k , are n't they pure profit for the developer ? 
  kinetic energy weapons have been around for thousands of years . 
  where do you live that your mule would figth a lion ? 
  it would if you were using signed petitions or appropriate studies . 
  if done with money , it 's a plutocracy . 
  looks like a mosquito on skin to me . 
  you sure enjoyed that !, 
  they 're ubiqutuous , one of those things you no longer notice , like the road or the trees . 
  comedy is awful in portugal . 
  it 's really bad , mostly sarcastic comments about someone 's disability . 
  logo , a tua fn = m v ^ 2 / r ( ou fn = ( mv ^ 2 ) / r se preferires ) . 
  a reac\u00e7\u00e3o normal aponta sempre na perpendicular \u00e0 superf\u00edcie . 
  edit : ** derp ** . 
   oh , and certain newspapers and media would have a field day about this , a public agent robbing hard working members of the public ? 
  and a foreign one at that ... 
  please do all you can to fix this issue . 
  it is important that all small corruption gets handled so we can get better as a country . 
  certo ? 
  a reac\u00e7\u00e3o normal aponta sempre na perpendicular \u00e0 superf\u00edcie . 
  would have been interesting to see an overlay of the map on athens today . 
  in travels , something i really like to do is try out local food . 
  budget travelers usually eat a slice of bread and cheese you can get virtually anywhere in the world ... 
  if you go to a place where it reads `` authentic food here '' , chances are they invest heavily in looks and less in actual authenticity . 
  better search a shitty looking joint and eat there to be honest . 
   i feel like lots of people claim the mcdonalds is better than europe .
