  is khadgar king of dalaran ? 
  whatever you do , watch out for thieves , we landed in malpensa last week , rented a car and parked it in what we thought was a safe , big street ( via boccacio ) for 1 hour and when we returned all our luggage was gone . 
  luckily i always keep documents , money and electronics with me but it was no fun having to buy new underwear in italy . 
  at least i brought a lot of new t-shirts from each city we went to . 
  cereais , claro . 
  the catch with them searching for a good bank is that they 'll search for banks they usually work with and might skip a better option . 
  agora , como user :, 
  try tavira , there are plenty places around where you can rent a home . 
  check pedras d'el rei and praia do barril ( the beach ) nearby . 
  even has a cool little train your children would enjoy . 
  is there a mirror ? 
  i ca n't see that on mobile ... 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  how can mages function elsewhere in the universe ? 
  one could argue gnomes would have a better shot at dodging an attack . 
  apologies , but what 's a greek rock band ? 
  people can have low libido too , which even decreases with age and being tired . 
  regardless and for future reference , this is what they mean . 
  in any atm , you can choose payments ( pagamentos ) and you will eventually get this screen :, 
  curious question , considering it was also illidan 's interference that made sylvanas free herself when he weakened ner ` zhul by using the eye of sargeras . 
  but no , i do n't think they ever met . 
  but arabs speak arabic , it is persians who speak farsi ... 
  i do n't understand , why do you have a cake already if there 's still a week left ? 
  talk about popular , that 's a lot of repeated posts . 
  bugs many . 
  god damnit , it 's been 8 years or so and i still read that on his voice . 
  are those water values for american toilets filled to the top with water for no reason at all ? 
  warlocks were the original edge lords tho . 
  or rogues . 
  that 's the point of signaling hazard upon reaching heavy traffic . 
  you turn it off once you actually reach it tho . 
  what 's sat score ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but both the dream and the planes were created by the titans ( while neither wild gods nor elementals were ) , so i would assume there was some intelligent design that made them unkillable outside of it . 
  i do n't quite understand the twisting nether tho as it was not created , afaik , and it is indeed chaotic . 
  i guess , in other words , are they demons because they were created in the twisting nether , ie , is everything created/transformed ( eg . 
  eredar ) there a demon , and thus have that special link , or are there other kins from the nether that do not have it ? 
  in that regard , was sargeras transformed in the nether , too ? 
  i can get married online for free in portugal . 
  but that 's not a wedding . 
  i ca n't recall which book it was , or maybe it was from here , but i 've seen stories where the time traveller was adamant he was in a different country altogether because of the language , but it turned out to simply be the same , 500 years apart . 
  ca n't tell if serious ... 
  publicaste na thread errada . 
  ftfy, 
  arte . 
  the guy who did this only had 2 weeks , tho . 
  indeed , tides are but very long waves that go around the blue spots ( in the direction of the arrow ) and the white lines are the wave 's crest at a given time . 
   entre os 26, 
   e os 30, 
  are you a portuguese sculptor ? 
  op como tiras foto a todo o canvas ? 
  tirado do [ facebook ] ( https://www.facebook.com/places/things-to-do-in-moscavide-lisboa-portugal/107228492649805/ ) . 
  resultado final :, 
  e do outro lado do squirtle podiamos por as ilhas . 
  meti no sticky . 
  pus no sticky . 
  votem !, 
  done . 
  l = 15 , a = 14, 
  we in r/portugal would like to build this . 
  plans for ist ir others will come in the future . 
  we are trying to work something out in our discord , but there are many silly rivalries in the way . 
  would it be a problem if we adapt him ? 
  [ example ] ( https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/298049653814067211/298474472053145612/unknown.png ) of said modification . 
  \u00c9 o core deles . 
  do not take this the wrong way , the tiny tardis is still there , we have just been working together with our neighbours to try and mingle ( check heart with rainbowroad , worm with r/parahumans , etc. ), 
  if you do n't want to mingle then so be it , we will try our best to help you keep it that way . 
  yeah this is miscommunication in our discord , we are trying to make them stop , sorry about it . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  some plans , maybe ? 
  also , could we build a flag of our own somewhere in your area ? 
  please tell us what you think of this :, 
  we will not do anything without any of your consent of course . 
  very well , we will not change anything . 
  on behalf of r/portugal , thanks for the unnecessary change of colour !, 
  and just so you know who that is :, 
  i ca n't read half the shit you say in here but congratulations on your great work on behalf of r/portugal !, 
  on behalf of r/portugal , we apologise for having turned one of your avocados into our flag , but in our defense it was one of the last still standing and we thought everyone was doing it with your consent , and also that the original green colour has lived on forever in half our flag . 
  the island where super quim is standing on r/portugal 's panel should have no black , too . 
  thanks for the awesome work tho < 3, 
  got ta love that / r/brasil used cristo 's kamehameha to save their ass from the void ( circa 3m20s ) !, 
  other times a drought ? 
  that 's a pleonasm , but thanks . 
  he is saying `` metric '' and `` civilized '' . 
  that is a pleonasm . 
  also , my post is a joke . 
  isto \u00e9 surreal '' , acrescentou . 
  this is n't the final image tho . 
  not sure where you get the value , but you can use this to hide :, 
  = if ( countifs ( a$ 1 : a1 , a1 , c$ 1 : c1 , c1 ) = 1 , `` value '' , '' '' ), 
  edit : fixed formula because i noticed you could have the same item on different shipping numbers . 
  this should fix it . 
  like this :, 
  you can use the mod function to some extent . 
  like so :, 
  for i = 0:20, 
  end, 
  hey man , i hope this does n't make you feel bad , but i laughed my ass off thanks to you !, 
  iberian peninsula also looks rather derp . 
  what does hemisphere mean in your language ? 
  it comes from greek , it literally means `` half-sphere '' .
