  that would be just the united states . 
  i do , but if the other thread was filled with corrective stereotypes i may as well do it here too . 
  they just do n't like sad facts . 
  the axe effect . 
  any variation of ` wish you the best health ' . 
  no because ,, 
  a ) my facebook wall would be spammed ;, 
  b ) fuck that shit . 
  why do n't you just say cheers , then ? 
  it 's cultural , it 's not because of their race at all . 
  they just grew up like that . 
  i turn the ringtones on whenever i can , and vibrate whenever i can not . 
  i 'm 26 , and i do n't see why my name would be relevant . 
  `` change to metric ! '', 
  not much , usually . 
  am i failing to see something , or is this nothing more than a lulzfart with no irony involved ? 
  hard work has never been cool for children . 
  i guess the only freedom you 'd not have is guns . 
  otherwise you might have some more . 
  they 're neither pyramids nor flat triangles , they 're triangular prisms , like shown [ here ] ( http://endingb.net/images/triforce.png ) . 
  that 's what the picture shows . 
  have you ever seen raw pork ? 
  it 's pretty red . 
  she 's just venting her frustration at life into something else . 
  saying a fan stole it might be a little harsh on the poor fan . 
  i suppose you did try to contact him ? 
  exactly how i feel when americans complain about high gas prices . 
  < insert generic human group  can also be homophobic , you know ? 
  i am neither canadian nor from the us . 
  in my country , gasoline is about 1.75 euros per liter . 
  if my calculations are correct , that means about usd 8.75 per gallon . 
  edit : granted , though , that are our tuition fees are at least ten times lower . 
  morgan freeman series . 
  pokemon . 
  this should upset many a redditor . 
  it is under the technical definition of the word racism , discrimination ( as opposed to favouritism/preference , not the bad meanings of the word ) due to race . but it is nothing to be frowned upon . 
  you 're not supposed to find all girls attractive . 
  having to ask out rather than being asked out . 
  oh , i feel ignorant now , i had never seen pyramidal triforces . 
  til . 
  different cultures have different conventions for breakfast/lunch/dinner anyway . 
  my swedish friends dine really early for my standards , we dine very late for their standards . 
  it 's the quantity , not the quality , really . 
  i love hamburguers , but sometimes i get a goddamn heart attack just by looking at pictures from american burgers . 
  if you know the other person well and can guess his moves , then there 's skill involved . 
  but if you play a random stranger and have no way to guess what he 's going to do , it 's pure luck . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i know people who do n't give a shit about god but are n't confortable with two men kissing . 
  being atheist does n't mean you 're not homophobe , it just means you do n't say ` god dunnlike it ' and have other reasons for it . 
  they can still be retards even if not believing in any god . 
  oh , for a moment i thought you were going to meet your fiancee 's father . 
  your point being ? 
  any of the doctor 's future incarnations . 
  milk and child-bearing capacity . 
  ca n't tell if alice is a girl or not & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i have no idea , i have nothing against gays . 
  all i can guess is that they do n't like the idea of different people . 
  my point still stands : you do n't have to be a theist to be a prejudiced person . 
  why did you print all your porn ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about the topic , i just thought [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ofxp8.png ) was interesting . 
  same would happen if you bumped a bull . 
  to separate different stuff . 
  users go with / user / , for example . 
  why ca n't you people fucking spell check before you do anything ? 
  `` we have a betta god '', 
  call ` hem bobbies !, 
  i always saw a smile . 
  yeah , i could n't think of a decent name that would mock religion , but because it was the first time i saw the word betta ( english is not my first language ) , the pun kinda came naturally . 
  glad to be of use , if you do a banner or something i 'd love to see it !, 
  call , or consider ? 
  forgive me the silly question ; i do n't speak english natively , so i am wondering if it 's nothing but a language thing . 
  after all , the portuguese translation for brother-in-law , ` cunhado ' , shows no link to brotherhood . 
  hardly anything . 
  a small note about the independence war and how the french soldiers brought liberalism to europe due to that ( or was it the other way around , can not recall right now ) , american passivity on both world wars , entering only after european nations had been sucked dry by the war , and cold war . 
  you 're not the only ones having biased schools . 
  i wonder if showing the french statue of liberty in the first poster is intentional or not . 
  how being an adult sucks . 
  well , plenty of countries see what you called the americas as one continent only , rather than two . 
  i 'm not sure that would make any difference though because i think they still see north and south america as sub-continents , effectively giving the plural word enough meaning . 
  really ? 
  nothing better to talk than a tie ? 
  as esl , could you elaborate on that ? 
  it 's ... 
  it 's like they could actually see in colours back then ... 
  i wonder if anyone in this subreddit ever even thought otherwise . 
  still , it 's always good to see science being made . 
  i hope this can help alzheimer 's and other memory illness patients . 
  also , how long before we can transfer our memories into a hard drive ? 
  guns ai n't violent , bro . 
  that , or simple publishing rights have n't been purchased by the company . 
  is there anything other than water cats are afraid of ? 
  `` please do n't . '', 
  you 're attacking . 
  there 's more to war than defense , you know ? 
  we have those too . 
  because it makes more people believe in bullshit out of fear ? 
  the silmarillion . 
  well , which word should be used then ? 
  i understand the link between reason and rationaliy , it is the same in my language , but i have no other word to say it . 
  i guess ` he does it because ' would be correct .
