   english is not the only language in the world . 
  wat u say ? 
  dudelol is a really desperate name for a trend site . 
  sauron in his young adult years , in the back ? 
  i need to make a mental note that next time i see one of those ` what 's the thing you downvote on sight on reddit ' that mentions screenshots of reddit comments . 
  nope , just watched stephano vs jyp on the link above ( the twitch one ) . 
  sorry you missed it . 
  correction :, 
  1.2 + ( sqrt ( 1 - ( sqrt ( x ^ 2 + y ^ 2 ) ) ^ 2 ) + 1 - x ^ 2-y ^ 2 ) * ( sin ( 10000 * ( x * 3 + y/5 +7 ) ) +1 / 4 ) from -1.6 to 1.6, 
  no idea if it 's a [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) thing , but if you click the code button you can edit your op . 
  i 'll remove this after you 've done it if you want . 
  it 's america , murderers are n't news , wherehas easter happens once a year !, 
  [ / r/politics ] ( / r/politics ), 
  this is going to be a bit hard to translate and explain in english , but i 'll try my best :, 
  you know how german noble names are something like fritz von hamburger ? 
  von stands for ` of ' as far as i know . 
  the same thing happens in portuguese , where nobles were called something like miguel de pombal , again , de standing for ` of ' . 
  there is a plebs version of this word : if you know anything about romanic languages , male and female words have different endings , and so you also have two more variants of the word ` of ' , ` do ' and ` da ' , standing for ` of the ' , male and female version respectively . 
  that said , my name has such an word like that ( eg , miguel do pombal ) , because some ancestor of mine centuries ago was jealous of noble people . 
  this is probably a really old repost or something , but it reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www.smiley-faces.org/wallpaper/smiley-face-wallpaper-widescreen-001.jpg ) a lot !, 
  reasonably tech savvy , heavily proscratinators . 
  a better question : are there private jails anywhere else in the world ? 
  you misspelt months . 
  it does , if you make it so . 
  it 's probably a scam , one of those shady apps that share it automatically when you watch the video . 
  that 's a dalek & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  that would n't work . 
  what 's the point of a character everyone is expecting to die soon enough ? 
  hit log out . 
  did you try changing it to june 28th , saving , then attempting to change again ? 
  atheism is against the jewish religion by definition . 
  if you 're talking about israel , well , there has just been just too much conflict caused by religious nutjobs in there , for thousands of years . 
  actually , kids taste awesome !, 
  non-american redditors : it 's preposterous . 
  if both homosexual and heterosexual words are filtered , then chances are it 's the sufix - sexual that is actually filtered , and nothing related to orientations . 
  it 's a kid 's game after all . 
  holy shit , that looks awesome !, 
  did you do it from scratch , and if so , using what ? 
  that 's odd , this is what it shows me :, 
  redditor since : 2011-05-05 ( 11 months and 3 days ), 
  i 'm going to go ahead and assume it uses my local time ( gmt ) , while yours uses your local time ( gmt + something ) . 
  does the same have any effect on the cake showing/not showing for me when someone from a different time zone has it ? 
  why would such professionals put a fly on the woman ? 
  are flies a sign of fertility in the lands of the nile ? 
  england : awful food , rude hooligans , unattended kids , teen pregnancy , snob people . 
  scotland : kilts , awesome accent , avaricious . 
  northern ireland : ireland . 
  walles : no fucking clue . 
  i am portuguese , and not much into stereotypes at all . 
  dim cliw ffycin , according to google translator . 
  i ca n't even begin to read that . 
  why , thank you . 
  this will be so useful whenever i go to walles and start hailing random people in the street with it !, 
  i downvote reposts made by people with a lot of link karma , and that generally have as title something in the likes of ` this happened to a friend of mine ' or ' i did this today ' when i 'm 100 % sure i 've seen before . 
  i just do n't understand why some people do that at all . 
  just so you know , i never ask why someone 's a vegeterian . 
  it 's your choice , it does n't affect me , so i 'm good . 
  this was just a note on that always eventually thing you said . 
  it seems that in some places cops do n't know the meaning of ` to serve and to protect ' . 
  i 'm seriously trying to understand if those two in the boat are real or not . 
  which are kids from where i 'm standing . 
  now get off my lawn !, 
  actually , it 's gales in portuguese . 
  i thought the english version had two l , no idea why really . 
  as i said , and without wanting to be offensive to the welsh : no fucking clue . 
  it would make me feel bad , just as i feel bad when the opposite happens . 
  not all us meat eaters are insensitive gluttons . 
  when i hang out with a vegetarian friend , i do n't make it an issue of it . 
  he eats whatever the hell he wants , i 'm not his mother . 
  i still would n't ask why . 
  heh , that came out wrong . 
  i meant to say i 'm not his mother in a way that he 's an adult that does whatever he wants . 
  but still , to answer that : i 'm a rational person , but as a parent i 'd still need to make sure my child would be doing what is best for him . 
  so , armed with the knowledge that vegetarianism is in no way an inferior diet , i would indeed ask him why . 
  if his reasons are valid ( ie , his feelings are strong and his logic sound , rather than ` my friends dunnit ' ) , then i would not only allow it but also support and encourage it , so he would n't feel different . 
  if , however , he would be doing it because it 's cool , i would try to convince him not to be daft . 
  well , if it makes any difference , i 'm from a country with a very tolerant culture . 
  i mean , some people would obviously ask why , but most just would n't really care . 
  plus , our mediterranic cuisine is great : we love our meat just like most of humanity , but we also love our vegetables . 
  portugal . 
  i do not wish to sound cocky with this , but how would you feel if your mother actually baked something for you rather than buying bags of manufactured candies ? 
  certainly . 
  did you get her something as well ? 
  heh , maybe i should have added that i was looking more for a discipline that would allow me to do it rather than drugs . 
  besides , i do n't think adderall is legal around here , altough it probably just goes by other names . 
  what if the romans actually created christianity in order to control the plebs ? 
  conjoined easter eggs . 
  time for the new generation to step up and do what the old one can not !, 
  i am yet to understand that laugh . 
  or rsrsrsrs , or tioatsihdijuhasd , or anything they ever do . 
  if you 're american , start a religion . 
  studying . 
  time does n't stop for us silly non-believers . 
  as a lover of reason and science , i 'm not sure if i should be sorry or rejoice for reminding you to study ... 
  i 'm ever so flabbergasted people actually believe this shit . 
  this is wrong , for one reason : i 'd rather have people saying ` live long and prosper ' than ` god hates fags ' in politics . 
  reddit comics are bad . 
  there , that was n't hard . 
  that 's gnostic atheism he 's talking about . 
  at least please do have a clue of what you 're talking about .
