  same for old people . 
  indeed , that is one usage of dams . 
  in the low demand hours , you can use excess windmill power to pump water up the dam that can then be used in high demand hours to produce power . 
  very inefficient , but still better than fully wasting wind power . 
  why abstract ? 
  it is pretty much a meme in it 's very definition . 
  i 'm guessing that 's illegal . 
  do it , you do not die , have no downtime , do not get dismounted and those `` kill 10 mobs '' quests are done faster . 
  \u00c9 diferente . 
  third time 's the charm , ask archimonde . 
  he is nowhere near to azeroth . 
  also , he may be in love with her . 
  or something like that . 
  destro lock artifact quest hints to it . 
  sorry , not the questline itself but rather the lore you get from getting ak ... 
  he was enraptured by the eye he found inside of azeroth , so maybe calling it love may be a bit too much . 
  then again , it 's blizzard , so i would n't be surprised if azeroth and sargeras started having little young planets of their own . 
  there are probably even less death knights . 
  this may be why cashiers in europe can sit : they do n't have to bag anything , it 's up to the costumers to do it and be quick about it . 
  there 's no rule for it , it 's basically civism . 
  how exactly do i tank trash ? 
  i ca n't seem to keep my bone shield stacks for long in that case . 
  should i even bother with marrowrend or go full out d&d , bb and hs ? 
  should we even bother with checking our stat weights and use pawn ? 
  i thought it did n't really matter much for tanks . 
  then how do you objectively determine if something is an upgrade for you ? 
  i usually look if an item has haste in it then go for ilvl ( keep in mind i 'm still only at 840 ) , but is there any better rule of thumb ? 
  thanks for all the help !, 
  many thanks and best regards ,, 
  can we non-americans get an explanation of wtf is oddly satisfying about this ? 
  you can sum ifs :, 
  = if ( b18 = max ( b$ 18 : b$ 22 ) ,1,0 ) + if ( c18 = max ( c$ 18 : c$ 22 ) ,1,0 ) + if ( b18 = max ( d$ 18 :d $ 22 ) ,1,0 ) + etc, 
  what subreddit ? 
  i use it for r/earthporn . 
  i have rotgut for the extra gold and resources itens , and he only comes out to play when i let him . 
  you do get them , it 's for combat allies , not specifically bodyguards . 
  til kit 's a fox 's kid . 
  and yes , i know kid 's a goat 's spawn . 
  yeah , i remember our gm rogue tanking illidan back then . 
  keep in mind prices are likely to raise . 
  they 're at 100k for eu now , were at 60k about a month or two ago ... 
  can we get a reference size for everyone else ? 
  we all know everything 's big in america . 
  yeah this is great . 
  personally , only invincible is better to me because of all the chills and memories i get from wotlk , back when i was an hardcore raider . 
  i see you run with rune of the stoneskin gargoyle but i 've always read fallen crusader is just overall better . 
  what are your thoughts on it ? 
  also , i just ( finally ) got my first legendary , [ lana ` thel 's lament ] ( http://www.wowhead.com/item=133974/lanathels-lament ) . 
  you reckon it is worth using dnd all the time , even in single target ? 
  why only 1/10 ? 
  edit : oh , right - . - america !, 
  i still do n't understand why is it even legal not to vaccinate ... 
  not really , he 's just british . 
  this is simple british humour . 
  commenting code is indeed a great practice and one i wish was a lot better , but i get dragged by the heat of the moment when i 'm coding and just forget about it : /, 
  calling shit var1 , var2 and so on is also not very usefull unless you use some kind of eval which then again is not a good idea . 
  o autobot remove automaticamente posts com reports suficientes . 
  since nobody asked yet , do you actually have a contract ? 
  abre-a '' . 
  since no one is asking , what region are you in ? 
  i 'm assuming north america because you guys never mention the region . 
  what a child . 
  or ice , for that matter . 
  elemental managed to get buffed again ... 
  as an old wotlk elemental hardcore raider , this brings a tear to my eye . 
  indeed , this is hots fanart . 
  camones are the americans , englishmen go by bifes . 
  since it has the same s + f , i 'd say his name stinks too . 
  just putting this out here for shared files where colour filtering or conditional formatting may not work . 
  = if ( countif ( a$ 1 : a1 , a1 ) = 1 , a1 , '' '' ), 
  in op 's example :, 
  we can then filter out blanks . 
  i believe you want sumif function . 
  you just need three cells , one for each department . 
  = sumif ( range of departments , department , range of values ), 
  i earn double minimum salary in my country and i still earn less than american minimum wage . 
  help ... 
  70 % of my salary goes to basic life expenses . 
  i do n't own a car and have no debt except my mortgage , which i 'm lucky to get because renting would cost me about twice as much . 
  indeed , one of the reasons i bought the house . 
  that said i 'd rather also have some cash to spend on stuff i like to do , but eh . 
  for example , computers are about twice as much as they are in the us , as they are all imported . 
  anyway , i ca n't complain . 
  i 'm certainly a lot better than many of my countrymen . 
  wait , i can see humongris and ana-mouz , but what is the third one ? 
  or do you mean torm the brute inside nighthold ? 
  do n't get it , where is this from ? 
  i barely get 1 hour free time for myself after my job and chores are done for the day . 
  adulting sucks . 
  luckily i can browse reddit at work , but no gaming or movies : /, 
  yeah right . 
  that 's broken . 
  damnit reddit , stop downvoting a question . 
  the man did n't understand it at first and contested it , it 's perfectly normal !, 
  can you expand on what which class does in that area with all classes you mentioned ? 
  he probably did , he just did n't understand the part where this is programatically inserted into the game as that is not mentioned anywhere in the post he 's answering to . 
  i 'm not sure why you posted that , it does n't go against what i said : he probably misunderstood what is written there . 
  i got it on my second try , but it was 100 % drop back then . 
  wait , but as alliance blood dk i never saw minerva but rather her dwarven counterpart ... 
  i reckon that is why his heart skips a beat .
