  but unlike what the title says , i thought i was the unique guy ... 
  well it 's all music really , but it 's not black and white , more of a scale . 
  it depends on the circumstances * . 
  i 've even tried those neural-whatever youtube videos that help concentrating and i have to close it after a while . 
  \\* for example , i do get frission ( i think that 's the name ) , but that is due to either low pitch sounds ( i get them from trains passing by ... ) , and i get chills from great epic music but only if i associate it something ( eg a movie climax , a boss figth in a game , etc. ) . 
  again , not black and white , once in a while i do feel something , but it 's one good feeling amongst all the annoyance tbh ... 
  yeah i 've never been to a concert i enjoyed ( i tried ) , and the whole festival/concert scene is completely alien to me , i have a very hard time understanding in my skin how people can like it . 
  i can comprehend it to be sure , but it 's just not for me . 
  why ? 
  this does n't mean i do n't find joy in other things . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty you also do n't like that others do . 
  compreendo o sentimento . 
  sempre . 
  username irrelevante ? 
  foi banido por spam . 
  a liquid you mean . 
  sand is already a fluid . 
  latitude . 
  everything is permitted . 
  / camp for a while . 
  in my country , we have an id number , a fiscal number and a social security number , and they 're all different and unique . 
  why is argus visible in outland ? 
  conquistadores are spanish . 
  not really , the historical term refers to the spanish empire new world troops , not the portuguese empire . 
  eh , not all of us know what a federal reserve is . 
  even better if you 're a nelf . 
  go wherever you want grabbing everything on the way , shadowmeld upon arrival , or do n't , just kill everything . 
  yeah you should read about the first and second wars . 
  python is pretty great for random , why-not tasks , not sure what you 're talking about . 
  i understand you . 
  i have the same feeling about the some of the northrend areas . 
  uh , when were we ever considered non-white , and by whom ? 
  maybe you 're talking about those few centuries iberia was controlled by the moors ? 
  no no , you 're wrong , they 're emigrants , with an e as in entrepreneurs , not immigrant , with an i like isl ... 
  idiot !, 
  you should have said `` in america '' then , the retardness would have made sense . 
  yes . 
  i have almost 300 mounts ( lol nerd ) , many different types , but my favourites are still mimiron 's head and invincible because i got them the proper way and have the titles to go with it , so they feel a lot like i earned them ( lol nerd x2 ) . 
  no they were n't . 
  where do you get those maps ? 
  well , do n't forget the mid-term intermission to put an old god back to sleep . 
  we all die . 
  everyone talking about some twilight-level love story and no one mentioning this [ enormous ] ( http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2017/september/silithusphase01.jpg ) wound in azeroth . 
  sargeras ' final act seems to try and kill azeroth . 
  it seems this may be `` her third death '' . 
  oh i think we 'll see him in all his fucking glory . 
  he will deal a tremendous blow to azeroth before being imprisoned , that much we know already . 
  totems and overall buffing . 
  mages had to manually cast food for all the healers . 
  i 'm pretty sure single target buffs did n't require reagents , but i also do n't think aoe buffs existed in vanilla , iirc they appeared in tbc . 
  that said you did need runes for portals and teleportation , light feathers for slow fall and levitate , different seeds for thorns and rebirth , ankhs for reincarnation , poisons for rogues , etc. 
  if you raised as resto shaman on tbc ... all of them . 
  i have an asus transformer 101 , and so far all i could find was [ qpdf notes ] ( https://market.android.com/details?id=com.qoppa.activities.notes ) . 
  it pretty much does what i want , but because it does n't have undo , it becomes very annoying , and because i use it mostly in classes , i ca n't really lose the time to save before i write anything and reopen every time i make a mistake . 
  so , does anyone know of a better app ? 
  it does n't necessarily have to be free . 
  ok , so i know they can be affected by guardian shield , effectively lowering the damage to 8 , but i was wondering if it is affected by corruption , increasing damage taken to 12 , or it always stays at 10 maximum . 
  alternatively , if an unit with 9 damage ( say , a thrice upgraded marine ) were to shoot at an immortal with corruption in it , it would also only do 10 ( still a gain ) , or would it do a bit more ? 
  when i was about 14 , some guy came to me and asked about the mall . 
  because i never had much pratice with english at the time , i started pointing him out to the post office ( read : mail ) in my awful english . 
  it 's been over ten years now but i still remember the poor guy once in a while . 
  odds are , though , he just asked someone else ten meters later . 
  so , any funny story ? 
  i understand this is a long shot , as italy and portugal are just way too close to each other in pretty much everything that matters , financially and in climate , but it 's worth a try . 
  as of right now , i 'm in a somewhat dire need to sell some properties here in portugal . 
  as you most certainly know , there is no way i can sell it in the domestic market so i have to resort to go foreign . 
  that being said , i have actually no idea how to go about and sell it outside , but fortunately i do have reddit to ask for help . 
  so , i was wondering if anyone in / r/italy has any idea for sites or other things where i can start selling it in your country ( or if it 's worth the time , for that matter ) , as well as any helpful tips you can think of . 
  thank you in advance . 
  as of right now , i 'm in a somewhat dire need to sell some properties here in portugal . 
  as you most certainly know , there is no way i can sell it in the domestic market so i have to resort to go foreign . 
  that being said , i have actually no idea how to go about and sell it outside , but fortunately i do have reddit to ask for help . 
  so , i was wondering if anyone in / r/netherlands has any idea for english sites or other things where i can start selling it in your country , as well as any helpful tips you can think of . 
  thank you in advance . 
  as of right now , i 'm in a somewhat dire need to sell some properties here in portugal . 
  as you most certainly know , there is no way i can sell it in the domestic market so i have to resort to go foreign . 
  that being said , i have actually no idea how to go about and sell it outside , but fortunately i do have reddit to ask for help . 
  so , i was wondering if anyone in / r/norway has any idea for english sites or other things where i can start selling it in your country , as well as any helpful tips you can think of . 
  thank you in advance . 
  as of right now , i 'm in a somewhat dire need to sell some properties here in portugal . 
  as you most certainly know , there is no way i can sell it in the domestic market so i have to resort to go foreign . 
  that being said , i have actually no idea how to go about and sell it outside , but fortunately i do have reddit to ask for help . 
  so , i was wondering if anyone in / r/iceland has any idea for english sites or other things where i can start selling it in your country , as well as any helpful tips you can think of . 
  thank you in advance . 
  as of right now , i 'm in a somewhat dire need to sell some properties here in portugal . 
  as you most certainly know , there is no way i can sell it in the domestic market so i have to resort to go foreign . 
  that being said , i have actually no idea how to go about and sell it outside , but fortunately i do have reddit to ask for help . 
  so , i was wondering if anyone in / r/austria has any idea for english sites or other things where i can start selling it in your country , as well as any helpful tips you can think of . 
  i have been told this might not be a great idea as the markets are very different between our two countries , but i suppose there is no harm done in asking for internet websites . 
  thank you in advance . 
  as of right now , i 'm in a somewhat dire need to sell some properties here in portugal . 
  as you most certainly know , there is no way i can sell it in the domestic market so i have to resort to go foreign . 
  that being said , i have actually no idea how to go about and sell it outside , but fortunately i do have reddit to ask for help . 
  so , i was wondering if anyone in / r/sweden has any idea for english sites or other things where i can start selling it in your country , as well as any helpful tips you can think of . 
  thank you in advance . 
  could be anything , from a broken lift you rode a few days before , a jealous lover that almost killed you but decided not to , a stampede of emus that went around you while you were swimming a lake of sharks . 
  com windows . 
  hello . 
  i 've asked this on my country 's subreddit , and someone told me to try out this one as well . 
  i 'll start by filling out the questionnaire :,
