  it 's not that cool for some reason is probably due to your nationalism . 
  pick them up at bars/clubs ? 
  vise virsa , brilliant . 
  you did n't have to force her to wear a duckface & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  that 's an horrible reporter . 
  does n't even know why it 's called the god particle . 
   then god looked over all he had made , and he saw that it was very good !, 
  i swear , people in reddit do scare me sometimes . 
  he actually looks like god , too . 
  not at that age . 
  no , it 's not a coincidence ... 
  come on , even wikipedia can educate you on this . 
  link : http://www.ucatholic.com/catholic-articles/god-particle/, 
  black woman . 
  still had this in my clipboard :, 
  she wants to be australian . 
  oh , so that 's how they make water bottles . 
  well , she certainly did n't disconnect . 
  this is n't even funny . 
  poor women . 
  how exactly are you personifying science ? 
  are you doing that in your conversation or they just said that in response to that link ? 
  how is it ** brutally ** asymmetrical ? 
  they would blame the heavens for anything they could n't explain then . 
  now kiss !, 
  i hope i 'm not the only one who appreciates the effort put into carving that frame much more than whatever is going inside the head of the artist nowadays . 
  i 'm gon na be bold and say that 's an ape 's print . 
  funny , because it probably uses your search history . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm curious what he 's thinking ... 
  first thing that crossed my mind is that is some brazilian bloke thinking he 's a hunk . 
  p\u00e3o ( bread ) means that . 
  i hope that 's not it , because now he 's a turd . 
  they are willfully ignorant about everything . 
  and where was it ? 
  hot girl , books and medical help . 
  edit : wait , i read 20 points for some reason & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  hot girl - 13 ;, 
  books - 4 ;, 
  medical help - 3 ;, 
  gourmet food - 8 ;, 
  dartboard - 1 ;, 
  i think they both look like babies . 
  what the actual fuck ... ? 
  well if you compare those on the side with those in the middle , i 'd say it probably still holds . 
  unless you 're a supermodel . 
  yeah , they probably have bycicles to do travel around , silly europeans . 
  wait , i 'm not american nor do i know that much about american history , but is n't that the civil war uniform ? 
  however , that 's exactly how christianity works . 
   you can do whatever you please for you are forgiven since jesus died in the cross . 
  however , thou shall have no other god or you 'll burn . 
  it is no error . 
  it 's the tallest building indeed . 
  but notice the next sentence :, 
   it is also the second-tallest free-standing structure in the united kingdom, 
  that said , there 's taller structures in the uk itself , no need to go as far as mother russia . 
  is it illegal to forbid entrance to your private establishment due to creed in america ? 
  is that some guy in your friendzone pulling you ? 
  my shoes . 
  or the night 's king son . 
  he does ? 
  you are obviously joking , but unfortunately there are people out there who use this argument as if it held any ground . 
  best wishes !, 
  `` can it possibly escalate quickly ? '', 
  i am the a and the omega , and all the ebenezer in between . 
  oh well my fellow yorupean , now we learn how to spell european in english as well . 
  not sure if this is unbias , but it seems rather serious to me :, 
  would certainly explain the upside down . 
  if you 're like me and never heard this phrase before ( hey , english is n't my native language , okay ?!, 
  ) , google says it means spoiling someone 's plans . 
  i 'm sort of confused as why this is here . 
  i guess whoever had allergy in your country is dead from it . 
  really though , i 'm not from the us either and i know a few people with allergies . 
  how will you ever laugh at yahoo answers again ? 
  til danone is dannon in the states . 
  name rights , or just a more english sounding name ? 
  i 'm sure he 's just waiting for his mother to come and clean it up . 
  just curious , how much older are all the other games compared to pokemon ? 
  it 's sort of bugging me to see ancient games and then that and kirby which must be some 10 years younger . 
  yes , i figured as much , but was still curious . 
  i have no idea why people are downvoting me for asking a question , but at least you 're getting some , and my own . 
  thank you . 
  white atheists ? 
  well that 's new . 
  is it meant as an insult or is there a meaning i am not aware of ? 
  he was probably looking at a us map anyway . 
  it is not a belief , it 's the lack of a better idea . 
  to which they will respond `` goddinit '' , thus allowing one to set upon one 's elaborate trap and respond with `` i said better , lol '' . 
  no , really , that sentence is absurd . 
  no one believes that . 
  not in their sense of belief . 
  quite hilarious how such a hardened battle veteran like yourself says pee pee , to be honest . 
  given black christian history , that is so sad to hear . 
  engineer 's < something  ... what the fuck is this , 9gag ? 
  seems legit , i see no cat . 
  no reason to be paranoid . 
  there are still honest dog burning people in the world . 
  besides , what reason would they have to cheat you ? 
  keeping in the mind that the first letter in all titles , a or o , translated directly into ` the ' , rather than ` a/an ' . 
  in order , using this image with all 10 books :,
