  as far as i know , the earlier texts and morals of the quran are valid only untill something is said later in the book that contradicts it , and the latter are generally more vicious and unforgiving on anything muhammad did not approve of . 
  now , while i understand this was due to his life at the moment , being forced to flee from home , and becoming a warlord of sorts , i was curious of how exactly do muslims associate this and claiming islam is a religion of peace by using earlier quran statements . 
  in my opinion , armies are needed purely as a defensive measure . 
  there will always be violence in the world , and it would be naive to think otherwise . 
  that being said , wars are justified if you 're defending something valid . 
  wars based on lies and greed are never justified . 
  so , islam 's early military expansion into northern africa and the iberic peninsula , as well as any ideas of offensive jihad ( if there actually is such a thing ) are not supported by the book at all ? 
  we have a few peacocks walking around , but there 's an albino one who looks amazing . 
  for two seconds i thought tony the super engineer was the translator . 
  little did i know !, 
  because most people i know actually go to 9gag ( sad , i know ) , i tell them it 's almost the same except there 's a lot more things to see and there 's a lot of mature comments . 
  a small lie for a good cause !, 
  first time i 've noticed the goodbye wave at the end ... 
  we 've had those in portugal for years . 
  but then again this is a sunny country . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's credited to lao tzu . 
  there would be conflict between people and pe . 
  actually , many of wwii soldiers were not nazi at all . 
  but they were soldiers , they did what they were told . 
  ... a [ puppy ] ( http://www.snoopypictures.info/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/snoopy-images.jpg ) ? 
  uhm , can definitly see how hard it is to credit an ancient saying , but still , til . 
  i 'd think so too , but it 's incredible what pe can do in terms of guerrilla warfare !, 
  you need faith . 
  i still find it puzzling anyone reads yahoo at all . 
  they both look so american it 's not even funny . 
  not for him it is n't . 
  that would be monday . 
  where is the doctor ? 
  what the fuck , did you really think no one else would notice it ? 
  does it say how to shut mario the fuck up ? 
  i 'm all good for his philosophy and morals that did n't mention how the old testament is still valid . 
  however , it 's his self-proclaimed divinity i have a problem with . 
  worker 's day , independence day , etc. 
  someone else was going to do it , so i may as well : his name is n't who . 
  i do this . 
  it saves time . 
  i always look around the corner first though . 
  i believe those are just dead skin cells . 
  everyone loses millions of those daily . 
  there 's not much you can do , really . 
  when will people understand : they 're not saying an invisible man did the job , they 're happy that there were no unexpected problems because they were indocrinated that way and have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  the great a'tuin . 
  also , the gnningagsomething is an obvious myth . 
  do it on a tortilla and i 'll be impressed . 
  how can you think a panda is a raccoon ? 
  they will say that it was god 's plan , then sue the surgeon . 
  i did ? 
  i 'm not english native , so could you please point me out where i said that ? 
  i did n't link it with circumcision , i said that exposed glans lower penile sensitivity and used circumcision as an example . 
  it 's different . 
  as for erect penises being fully covered , well , as i said , i have really no idea . 
  so , a flashback ? 
  i 'm not sure , there seems to be a break in the gif between him disappearing inside and the accident . 
  perhaps there is actually some time between both events but they just cut it out for gif fun . 
  easter is the return of the lich overlord . 
  in other words , jesus ressurected on easter . 
  it 's not like he could worship so why let him live ? 
  he smelled all the hormones . 
  what the fuck . 
  why is the cat bleeding from the nose , what the fuck did they do to him ? 
  where the fuck is waldo/wally ? 
  i would have changed ` me ' into ` the man ' . 
  protoss . 
  that brings the notes in the back saying ` ure fat ' to a whole new level . 
  the only thing white_ra did was to read marineking 's lack of tech and spam colossi to obliterate his bio . 
  while i certainly love seeing him win , and that bio burn , that was n't a real good game . 
  i do n't know , it could be mind games . 
  white-ra is the kind of guy to not give a shit if you beat the crap out of him in any way in the game , so maybe mkp is trying something else . 
  what kind of cups are we talking here , american , european , or what ? 
  i drink one cup of coffee in the morning , another one when i need the energy . 
  but i 'm talking about [ these ] ( http://restaurant-catering.autogrill.fr/media/cafe-tasse-54-1.jpg ) ( that 's a coffee spoon , smaller than a teaspoon ) . 
  pretty sure 10 of those would kill anyone . 
  if i recall correctly , it 's the density of caffeine in the cups that is completly different . 
  i ca n't find a source to show you , but i can say for sure that drinking 3 cups around here is basically on emergencies , not normal at all . 
  i play without my elbows in the table as well . 
  all that is required is to get a good height on your chair so you find a confortable position for your arms . 
  on the contrary , i feel that having the elbow on the desk would be a bit worse because of friction ; my arms do not touch the desk at all when i 'm microing . 
  it can be tiresome , yes , specially on long games , but you can rest once in a while in the slow parts of a game . 
  laser pointer ? 
  it does n't seem to be either in the ground or mid air . 
  it seems to be in the camera 's protective glass . 
  someone 's pointing a laser pointer/powerful flashlight ( as said below ) directly into the camera . 
  seen it before on reddit , but ... santans face still makes me laugh !, 
  is it rare , or something ? 
  just do what she asks , it wo n't really hurt you and she 'll appreciate it . 
  sometimes there 's no point in arguing with loved ones . 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  you 'll get more upvotes after people read your username . 
  it 's really all a matter of habit . 
  i 'm not an expert in american history in anyway , but i thought what fucked over your people was pure white greed . 
  we could introduce the repost karma instead !, 
  link karma , comment karma and repost karma . 
  that 's reddit allright . 
  how do you feel having the most chances to find the tardis on your backyard one day ? 
  you ca n't post text and link at the same time . 
  one or the other . 
  so you like red manes ? 
  that 's not during wwii at all & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  word cracka !, 
  please tell me your name is alonso !,
