  what bothers me is the aftermath : there 's always spam from comment karma whores who know they 'll be upvoted because of an overused circlejerk . 
  it is n't funny , it 's just a word . 
  what gave it away , the esl teachers or the differential equations ? 
  yeah , i most certainly do , but it is still very annoying ... hope they 'd more than just remove it and shadowban the unfunny cunts . 
  maybe i 'm missing something , but that guy does n't sound american to me , at all . 
  now i 'm curious what exactly is portuguese cuisine to americans , knowing that italian is hardly italian at all ... 
  while that is true and the iberian countries actively fought muslim ( and jew ) settling for centuries , the main reason why countries like france and the uk have so many muslims compared to them is because many countries they colonized were muslim , unlike portugal and spain 's . 
  lisbon was not retaken by the moors , what are you talking about ? 
  honestly i would put the discovery of the sea route to india as the primary trigger because it allowed the europeans to circumvent arabic dominance of the trade routes . 
  not quite . 
  in the south of what ? 
  any american browsing / r/portugal would like to shed some light on what portuguese cuisine is like in those states ? 
  ** mente ** has two meanings , it is either * [ the ] mind * or the third form of the verb * mentir * ( to lie ) . 
  so basically , what is saying is akin to this :, 
  the mind is called mind because it lies every day . 
  yeah it does n't really work in english . 
  thanks !, 
  now i 'm hungry ... 
  and holy shit everything is so damn expensive , at least twice as much as we 'd pay here ... 
  this made me laugh out loud because cona is portuguese for pussy ... 
  yeah , he used as `` pun intended '' ... 
  there 's so much water in that ... 
  relevant username ? 
  in that recent music , `` it 's all about that bass , bout that bass '' , i ( as esl ) keep hearing `` it 's all in bangladesh , bangladesh '' ... 
  why have i never tried to search for titanfall on zedge ? 
  e na parte da estalada ( estalagem , estaleca ? 
  what about the titan ? 
  since everyone 's saying it anyway , it is the same in portuguese : camelo e dromed\u00e1rio . 
  maybe the car has motion sensors ? 
  that is a strange compass . 
  i do n't think people are unconcerned . 
  they just ca n't really do anything about it . 
  there are a few of us who do try and do something , but this is a team effort . 
  i 'm a meteorologist in training and i will try to contribute to fixing this problem by analyzing data and reaching appropriate conclusions , but i ca n't be the one telling the greedy fuckers to stop destroying our planet . 
  speak for yourself , i might watch for its comedic value . 
  til portugal is popular . 
  edit : am portuguese . 
  latitude is n't the only parameter of a country 's climate . 
  i accidentally hit the reverse button and was quite confused at this ... 
  love how he tried to do a slightly detailed wheel/shield/whatever for the first one and just decided he could n't be bothered . 
  why would you turn a global issue into an american issue ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  i was with you in saying that english is n't that simple to master , but ... 
   the only major world language that is arguably harder to learn is mandarin . 
  that 's just plain retarded . 
  english is very easy to learn , it 's very hard to master . 
  but for all effective purposes , it 's a good * lingua franca * precisely because it 's easy for day-to-day usage . 
  english is n't the only language with pronunciation ... also , pronunciation is actually relatively irrelevant if you know the context . 
  if i say that a boat is sinking , the way i say sinking does n't really matter , does it ? 
  and because it 's easy for day-to-day use . 
  why would you post that image ? 
  someone 's bound to post a steve buscemi til post now . 
  now i am confused , is it pronounced ` pronunciation ' or ` pronounciation ' ? 
  google tells me it 's the first ... 
  anyway , thing about english pronunciation is that it does n't really have a lot of different sounds , at least compared to other languages . 
  that a lot of words are written differently but spelt the same is a good example of that . 
  it seems to be the consensual opinion on those who speak it as well as another language . 
  to be completely honest and anecdotal , it really feels like only english native speakers find english hard . 
  you can believe all you want . 
  that does n't change the truth . 
  indeed , i said elsewhere in this thread : english is easy to learn , hard to master . 
  that being said , every language is complicated to master . 
  english is hardly the hardest , in my humble opinion . 
  ftfy, 
   now everyone else ( particularly in the developing nations ) wants to be just like us ,, 
  that 's really not true . 
  consumerism is the very definition of american culture . 
  other cultures are n't necessarily like that . 
  i think not . 
  it 's basically one of the main reasons the british got a hold of such an empire : they fuck like rabbits . 
  we just did n't have the population for a proper empire , so we resorted to small towns here and there . 
  hah , they all did an awful lot worse in exploiting than we did . 
  here 's hoping i can give a beautiful girl a great trip to london ... 
  off chance ? 
  i have a better chance at winning the reddit millionaire lottery !, 
  macaronesia , now that 's a name i do n't hear often . 
  i 'm trying to understand the iberian peninsula ... 
   all interactions are strange . 
  ftfy you beta faggot, 
  thanks , you too !, 
  i 'm assuming they just mean [ this ] ( http://pad2.whstatic.com/images/thumb/b/bd/plot-points-in-three-dimensions-step-1.jpg/670px-plot-points-in-three-dimensions-step-1.jpg ) . 
  it 's closer to douche than it is to touch . 
  and that makes me wrong how ? 
  oh man , you really are making a fool of yourself . 
  i never said it 's close . 
  i guess i 'm the only one who lost the momentum for the joke because juan is n't an egyptian name at all ... 
  i love the one guy doing several reddit comments on the video . 
  when were you my trousers ? 
  i know a few , some from the eu , some not . 
  that said , pretty much all of them has a job that allows them to use the internet ( ie , they are in portugal but earn a lot , by portuguese standards ) , or were transfered from whatever company they were working on in their homelands , and their salary is kept the same as it was there . 
  and a few retired with money to spend . 
  and if you have money , everything is great in portugal !, 
  tl ; dr : you can live like a king , but you ca n't earn like one . 
  not on a normal job at least . 
  that was intense , well done for your first week of titanfall . 
  man , egypt really is mostly [ inhabited desert ] ( http://fanack.com/typo3temp/pics/egypt_population-density_318px_4173588f71.jpg ) . 
  note to self : bring wax to australia . 
  yes , i know . 
  here , have a [ portuguese hug ] ( https://birdingbytrain.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/fotos-efrain-033b.jpg ) !, 
  easy fix .
