  so , a reason to be mean and wilfully ignorant , that 's what religion can do . 
  steven weinberg *, 
  i can see her in dr. phil a few years on :, 
   my parents swapped me for a video game . 
  unfortunately , there 's chances it 's probably truer than most stories those shows get . 
  ready go & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  sure , but it will probably be using some sort of an ark spaceship , because the trip will take too long . 
  either by cryogenics or a giant ecosystem capable of supporting life and where people live normally for as long as the voyage takes , be it days or millennia . 
  hope you 're not american or you 'll have to pay twice as much . 
  which , in america , is some 2 million dollars for a broken tooth . 
  check your transportation costs . 
  you can save some good money if you do it intelligently rather than just commuting like the average american . 
  why ? 
  an [ indio ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indio ) . 
  i know it sounds awkward in english , but for what is worth that 's what the spanish and portuguese , who first met them , call them , as opposed to actual indian which are those from india . 
  not that different . 
  people would just make up new prophets/holy men/crazy ideas to make them think we 're special . 
  i mean , can we really say for sure that any of those men actually existed , except for muhammad ? 
  i 'd spend it on euros . 
  i liked how the guard at the start calls gordon a sellout for cutting his ponytail . 
  eli vance said the g-man provided the xen crystal that started the resonance cascade . 
  this does n't help this particular situation , but it shows that the g-man has been treating with black mesa for a while , since teleportation to xen had been done often before the game . 
  well , you ca n't finish black mesa , so you wo n't know the ending . 
  would be a bit shitty to replay half-life just to see that . 
  you find it in the area where you have to activate four lasers in order to fire up the bigger laser , just before you find the scientists that open up the door , in the questionable ethics chapter . 
  it 's in one of the rooms . 
  strange you did n't find it , there 's a sort-of cinematic going on where you can hear a guard overcharging it and kills himself and a scientist . 
  me too , where is it ? 
  thanks . 
  the american continent really has some beautiful areas . 
  heck , the whole planet does !, 
  how is the bureaucracy ? 
  as you can see , it 's very useful and spread out . 
  [ redeads ] ( http://www.zeldawiki.org/redead ) , for sure . 
  i 'm not sure what was worse , the screams or the game stopping to make sure you notice the freaking zombie . 
  cremated , into four urns , to be released in different zones :, 
  one in the sea , one in the atmosphere ( by plane ) , one in a volcano , one in outer space . 
  edit : plus maybe a fifth to be released in some land i end up loving . 
  this way i can become part of the four elements and become captain planet . 
  is this what happened to that poor boar inside a cow ? 
  did you actually read it ? 
  how was it ? 
  lucky to have an american cardbox door . 
  ( d/2 ) ^ 2 / 2 = ( d/2 * ( sqrt ( 2 ) ) ) ^ 2, 
  so , for a/2 , you need a rope that is 2 * sqrt ( 2 ) smaller , or in other words , approximately 35 % of the diameter . 
  someone feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  okay , lucky to have a british cardbox door !, 
  is mine the only country where the basic things in life has no ads ? 
  oh , okay , then perhaps [ this ] ( http://mathworld.wolfram.com/circle-circleintersection.html ) can help you , as long as you understand the cow is doing a partial circle centered in where you put the rope , the bigger circle 's perimeter . 
  that 's basically how all cults work . 
  who is doctor who ? 
  i 've been here for 10 months , so i should know this ... 
  where 's the random button ? 
  i am truly embarrassed & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  / r/entwives and / r/airsoft, 
  huh , i suppose it 'd be a slow-paced airsoft game . 
  letting introverts be accepted as so . 
  you should be aware that half-life 1 has a bit more game after gordon teleports away from black mesa . 
  the usa is completely foreign to us . 
  while that is really interesting , do not try to compare the two countries . 
  to even understand them , you need to actually live there for a while . 
  the opposite is also true . 
  swap every car for a motor/bicycle . 
  would be awkward for families and commercial transportation , but hey , health !, 
  press ` f ' for flashlight . 
  there are other ways to fertilize her than rape . 
  it probably turns them on . 
  you 're apparently too girly to properly link something , american . 
  no , i only get to education-portal . com 's home page . 
  it might have been res ( or whatever opens links with that reddit bar on top ) . 
  i went to the actual link and it worked , too . 
  the loch ness monster . 
  yeah i 'm not very good with names either :(, 
  yeah , that was my idea . 
  that , and you being a telemetry firm for water systems like , you know , loch ness !, 
  you can always find a funny named creek or river or something and name your building after that . 
  the wee tap monster . 
  this looks amazing . 
  nice shot !, 
  this is deep . 
  i learned how to plant a bean on cotton . 
  you probably left your reddit open somewhere . 
  you may have been pranked . 
  if that 's all you 've been pranked for , hurray for your friends . 
  that 's odd , mine is n't . 
  wonder if it 's an american only thing ? 
  ebonization ? 
  that there be pirate , mate !, 
  i can not recall any smell at all right now . 
  so i guess , none . 
  so , what , not a tolerant person ? 
  there 's sexual attraction and then there 's love attraction . 
  hope this helps :, 
  i have never heard of it . 
  truth be said , i never had any kind of american beer . 
  do they even export to europe ? 
  i mean , we 've got a lot of great beer around here , already . 
  what do you want us to say ? 
  very funny , haha , you told them for sure ? 
  oh god , neverending story , i need to see that again sometime !,
