  so let me get this straight , to put it in perspective : there are over 20 luxuries in a huge map ( 25 maximum if i 'm not wrong ) . 
  this means it 's over 10 extra gold per trade route portugal can get . 
  if i did n't fuck up in my understanding of portugal 's ua , while it is no venice 's , it 's still not too shabby , and imo it makes portugal the second ( or third , bazaars are crazy ) best gold maker . 
  i hope there is n't an hidden joke about slaves in there . 
   this subreddit has been banned, 
  wait , how much does a small bear like that weigh ? 
   residents of the special administrative regions of hong kong and macau , and foreigners living in china are also exempt from the policy . 
  hong kong was n't chinese when that policy was established . 
  fuck , i remember this gif with that pump the jam music playing , i wish i could find that link again because it 's brilliant . 
  what i do is start with any civ in information age , 3 turn time limit victory , move the three settlers far away enough that they can settle , plant them and that 's it . 
  does n't have to be the shoshone . 
  i liked it . 
  untill it starts lagging out my computer for some weird reason . 
  do n't worry , this was a good start of my morning !, 
  i 'm a bit confused by your post , just want to understand better :, 
  you 're saying that once you are comfortable being alone , you will have a much easier time making friends because you 'll be needing them ? 
  either way it seems you already have an easy time being social in the first place , if you need to train how to be alone . 
  there are others who are the opposite , which is perhaps what / u/cert47 is saying . 
  once in a while a civ will do a declaration of friendship with you and ask for some crazy help . 
  one of the things they ask seems to be a percentage of your total gold , and since venice is a money making machine , he had a lot of gold . 
  ele que use mas \u00e9 o skype . 
  he 's portugal , he 'd extinguish the protestants . 
  well , what are the odds of getting portugal on my first run ? 
  i just got it !, 
  anyway , is this related to this [ generator ] ( http://www.dropshock0.com/civ/ ) ( linked in the sidebar ) ? 
  same background and all ... 
  an adviser popping up . 
  solely fed on your potato . 
  i understand that . 
  but the top comment is someone asking op how he did it . 
  he did n't . 
  you ca n't puppet cities then , they 'll just disappear , even if you buy them as venice or austria . 
  well , added to that i can only think of a diplomat in london ( which would only increase 25 % , i think ) and world religion ( which is indeed 50 % but only affects tourism from your capital/holy city so i do n't think that 's it ) ... 
  e de toda uma diplomacia e ast\u00facia natural ( read : [ sacanice ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_conquest_of_the_inca_empire#capture_of_atahualpa ) ) que os europeus evoluiram com tanta porrada que havia . 
  big deal . 
   +2 ^ science !, 
  and gp improvement . 
  i can tell you that you have a long way to go before you can speak fluently . 
  it seems you 're using google translate for the most part , and improvising in the rest . 
  but i am flattered that you are interested in portugal at the age of 15 . 
  i 'm sure you will learn the language if you put yourself to it . 
  i would propose you post your blog posts here before so you would get good input from the community , in both dialects of the side of the atlantic ( and some more , if our african friends are about ) . 
  one question , you have eu citizenship . 
  from where ? 
   crime is much worse in lisbon . 
  source ? 
  portanto , source please . 
  in my country we have a saying :, 
  `` everyone 's a doctor , a lawyer and a weatherman . '', 
  as a meteorologist , i would agree with your post in its entirety , except that some skeptics are actual drivers . 
  the industrial lobby of deniers in most countries , albeit for economical rather than scientific reasons , usually , are n't just a bunch of whiny kids wanting to pee ; they 're helping pay for the trip . 
  still , lovely post , i wish people would understand how uninformed they generally are outside their area of expertise . 
  negative karma , troll history . 
  good day to you . 
    . upon being the first to find the elves in varda , he transformed them through his corruption into orcs, 
  what do you mean ? 
  he did capture elves , tortured them and eventually created the orcs . 
  i do n't have the book with me right now , but i think it even states it was the worst thing he had done in the eyes of eru . 
  that said , being tolkien , he could have said somewhere else that they were a copy of the elves much like trolls were a copy of the ents . 
  if that is the case , where would that information be ? 
   it gets academic after a while . 
  i 'm trying to comprehend what that means ... 
  exciting for the interested and [ frozen ] hell for the rest ? 
  i have another question , sorry if this is late . 
  the op talks about worship as a form of the higher beings to get power . 
  i do n't think this is valid at all , worship is not a source of power or , say , mana ( in lack of a better word , perhaps stamina ) . 
  or is it ? 
  fixed . 
  i moved my settler once so i 'd get petra with observatory and by ending turn those four pantheons popped up , which i assume were from that team 22 . 
  i have no idea why they 'd be in a team in the first place , but the quadruple instantaneous pantheon , what ? 
  no mods . 
  edit : and random map type !, 
  no , i forgot to keep the save because i be dumb , but the pantheons were all different . 
  furthermore , i checked , and i required 30 faith to start a new pantheon ( standard speed so it 'd be 10 -  15 -  20 -  25 -  30 , i suppose ) . 
  they all magically got up to 30 faith each out of nowhere . 
  maybe they did get a prophet faith , but i thought those did n't spawn so early . 
  if the answer to the question would always be ` no ' , there would be no ie in the world , so there must be those who answer ` yes ' . 
  you still have chances !, 
  there are some towns where i live that will pump out the massive fire alarm sirens at noon because it 's noon . 
  it is supposed to help people in the isolated cottages know when it is actually midday . 
  maybe i 'm being dumb , but is n't it a classic reenactment of a modern occasion ? 
  eish que tom de barata atacada . 
  i 'm not even sure where i would put a city ... 
  fair enough !, 
  lol karma, 
  * plantation in bananas ;, 
  * no culture pantheon ;, 
  * aesthetics tree is not complete . 
  could have had some work still !, 
  last name first name . 
  ca n't watch it in my geographical region , it says ... 
  seriously ? 
  any one who says `` do you even lift ? '', 
  is clearly trolling , you got trolled . 
  not quite , but i did found this , close enough :, 
   he would just as likely see them walking up to him as he would giant eagles, 
  yes . 
  which is why aragorn challenged sauron in front of the black gate at the end of the story . 
  the king of gondor doing such a big war mistake distracted sauron from the little hobbitses . 
  i like big bangs .
