   ** four ** types of vegetarian diets explained, 
  the vegan diet, 
  hmm ? 
  it 's probably a cumulus , not a nimbus . 
  that was a close win . 
  google , a man 's best friend . 
  o logotipo \u00e9 da cor do azeite , certo ? 
  okay , i 've seen you post a lot of cheering posts lately . 
  why do n't you share what is going so well in your life to enjoy it so much . 
  pobres maneis de portugal . 
  no , your messages are ones of hope , hope of what may come to be . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's great someone has a positive outlook of life , but telling people their life will improve is preaching , it 's not a realistic point of view . 
  but hey , by all means , every person that you may help with your optimism and joy is one less sad person for a few hours at least . 
  just forgive me if i do n't share your optimism and joy for life . 
  sure . 
  you even volunteered to talk to someone . 
  i think that is commendable , so keep it up . 
  you are helping people , for sure . 
  my only hope is that life never treats you in the way you understand it is an awful thing . 
  well , good for you then , and i certainly understand the occasional cheer up . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  alone , unhappy , unwilling . 
  it 's `` golo '' in portuguese , so how can portugal only have 0.75 extra os ? 
  i do n't , either , kinda gave up on finding someone anyway . 
  i just do n't think i am an interesting person , my life is a joke and pratically non-existent , and even my attempts at doing anything , like losing over 40 kilos and getting a degree with above average grades has resulted in zero improvements and i still feel like shit . 
  i 've been depressed all my life , since childhood , i do n't remember anything from my teenage years and i 'm not even sure i had those - i certainly did not live them like most people do . 
  i 'm 29 now . 
  everyday i wake up trusting my automatic survival instinct , or the fear of death , will keep me alive . 
  so , as i said . 
  alone , unhappy , unwilling . 
  i know most people consider life a blessing . 
  i think it a curse . 
  edit : op sent me a message about a self-help book i should read ... 
  it is wrong if false hope is given . 
  maybe he/she has had good experiences with life . 
  plenty of people do . 
  but not all of them . 
  some people are really unhappy and unable to even grasp what happiness means , and telling them it 'll eventually end and they 'll be happy is something like putting a steak out of range of a restrained dog . 
  the intentions are good ( well , not in the example , they are n't ) , sure , but it 's cruel and may well be painful . 
  every person is different . 
  clich\u00e9s are therefore an awful thing to use . 
  i 'm all for trying to talk with people and see what specific problems they have . 
  heck , my life sucks yet i 've talked to plenty of people and tried to get theirs to improve . 
  but i never told them `` it 'll all get better '' . 
  i never told anyone `` someone will love you , believe me '' . 
  because , some times , it wo n't , and nobody will love you . 
  it 's not precision if you have no clue what the planets are like , at most you know what the most abundant materials in it are . 
  is that the top gear cast ? 
  how much beer are we talking about ? 
  i know a few places where 0.5 litres is 1 $ . 
  train your aim and different weapons on grunts . 
  with movement and all . 
  you do n't really get much time for pratice here . 
  and which controller ? 
  stryder is amazing . 
  i was the mark and had core up , that was fun . 
  it 's probably the giant trees . 
  holy shit this is great !, 
  i think it is great you enjoyed our country !, 
  you should x-post this to / r/travel , i think people there would love it . 
  there 's a few spelling errors ( porcaria , not porqueria !, 
  ) , but it is a very nice and well made post . 
  that said , i hope everything is okay with your family . 
  please , do come back and bring them all with you !, 
  wait , you can fire with the marks still orange and it 'll hit ? 
  that is terrible , i am sorry to hear that . 
  i too lost a dear dog a few months ago ... that is such a shame . 
  he would loved the smells of lisbon , too !, 
  why must it be redeemed by 2016 ? 
  ol\u00e9 !, 
  how was that even done ? 
  you 'll have to play a couple of hours to unlock the one character truly worthy of ultimate mayhem . 
  they never reached full scale communism because their ruling communist party was pretty bad at it and the oligarchy system is just too ingrained into the russian society , but for all intents and purposes it was a communist country . 
  but sure , they were rather socialist in practice because that 's how you get to communism . 
  thanks for asking , and thanks for those who answered . 
  as a non-native english speaker , i could n't understand a word he said ... 
  * system : origin, 
  * system username : maneldosqueijos, 
  * location : portugal ( eu-west ), 
  * availability : 17:00 gmt, 
  * ability : average , i think i 'm good enough at parkouring . 
  * preferred mode ( s ) / challenge ( s ) : anything , could use some training in pvp and some tvt combat . 
  * microphone ( y/n ) : i do have it but never used it so i might destroy someone 's ear at first . 
  * age ( or preferred age ) : 29 , do n't care for age as long as we 're having fun . 
  i 'd love to try out working as a team . 
  also , i recently got into gen 2 so i lost all my weapons . 
   welcome to the / r/portugal, 
  english is n't my first language ; is n't the expression i used equivalent to ` in theory ' ? 
  because , as i said , they were n't really communist in practice . 
  well , it is spoken , else it would be ` read read !, 
  are you ever going to use paysafecard to buy gold ? 
  that is an amazing story , it is a shame this thread did n't take off ... 
  thank you . 
  so you take the blue pill because the game 's awesome , yeah ? 
  goddamnit i 'm terrible at this game . 
  nice playing !, 
  would work if alfred was sean connery . 
  you can also read the [ wiki ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/wiki/index ) , there 's even small posts about both lisbon and coimbra !, 
  well , he 's good and clearly knows the map by heart , knowing where he 's jumping beforehand , but i 've only had the game for a week and pretty much move like that , except i improvise where i 'm landing . 
  killing almost as many titans as pilots , that 's impressive to me .
