  in regards to spelling and pronuntiation , you spelt portuguese wrong , all the times , but it 's such a common mistake because it 's pronounced the same , too !, 
  portugal really is n't overpopulated . 
  love that you printed it and then handwrote that just to be classic . 
  this is true . 
  however , is n't the term generally interchangeable ( albeit wrong ) in spanish ? 
  it sort of is in portuguese , too . 
  now you made me curious about where you are from . 
  you said football instead of soccer , but math instead of maths !, 
  yeah i spell `` this '' like `` dis '' . 
  i 'm terrible with `` th '' , sorry : /, 
  unrelated , que \u00e9 do painel de azulejos na banner ? 
  in the us , maybe . 
  we do n't do that in europe , unless it is for medical reasons . 
  also , the reasons and , more importantly , the consequences , are quite different . 
  because the tip eventually loses sensibility as it is always touching your underpants , i assume . 
  i say this because i had to get circumcised as an adult due to medical reasons and walking in the street was a damn pain for a month or two . 
  now it 's fine . 
  ah , the oil . 
  this took me a while to understand . 
  out of curiosity , does anyone have any idea how much an armour like this would cost to make , currently ? 
  i for one would love to collect armour like this but i 'll never have that kind of money . 
  haha , that looks great . 
  i 'd ruin every bit of it , though !, 
  okay , it 's one of these :, 
  really though , how could we find out the first one ? 
  it 'll always say invalid :p, 
  had to enter my name and email , lost it ... 
  quick , someone smart solve the riddle , me too dumb . 
  the walking dead . 
  steam : add a game in the bottom left corner -  activate a product on steam . 
  origin : origin in the top menu -  redeem product code . 
  should make one for whatever the teams are , too . 
  there 's an awful lot of new posts about it . 
  and here i was happy with my 50 mb/s ... 
  o say can you see by the dawn 's early light ,, 
  what so proudly we hailed at the twilight 's last gleaming ,, 
  this is probably a good way to get comment karma . 
  it was nice of you to exploit this downvote/upvote / ? vote shit . 
  you forgot the browser opened with http://humblebundle.com/gift?key= in it . 
  just getting free upvotes from all the people . 
  hodor . 
  hodor . 
  take his advice . 
  thanks op for all the free useless comment karma . 
  by the way , how are you going to check which one is the most downvoted with the new ( ? | ? ), 
  system ? 
  this is the best thread ever , and what i 'm doing is immoral but fun . 
  so where are you from , op ? 
  it is . 
  who cares , i 'm not going to get it anyway so i may as well spam op for useless comment karma out of everyone who 's mass upvoting everything here . 
  dragon ball . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  a gift to the bots . 
  haha was a fun giveaway , thanks op !, 
  i swear i got like 200 comment karma out of this post . 
  yeah , sorry for destroying your inbox !, 
  yeah , it 's the audio . 
  not sure why that happens so . 
  what , have n't you seen the homeless playing ps4 ? 
  you should have mentioned the other effect of weight , not to get thrown out of the road . 
  what do you mean , that 's a 25 % discount . 
  heh , your trade routes and happiness line up to 123 !, 
  sorry , i also tend to notice a few number related things but this one 's too stretched for me . 
  but if you were going for pairs , might as well have picked the two 5 from city population as well . 
  meh , to be honest , they do bring a lot of money in . 
  i always forget it should be read right to left ... 
  do n't worry , i 'm from portugal and i got your arrested development joke . 
  not everyone gets it , though . 
  the protagonist of the game , i reckon . 
  did n't it stay the same for thousands of years ? 
  it 'd stay the same still , unless they did science . 
  okay , then link me something in the internet where perra means bitch ** in portuguese ** . 
  huh , i was confused about the brazillians yelling at their president . 
  fair enough , my mistake , apologies . 
  sure . 
  ah yes , the german pacific war theater . 
  that 's the point , actually . 
  most people think of the european theatre , ie , the nazis , when refering to wwii . 
  and the americans , although vital , were not the main figthing force there , on the scale they were in the pacific . 
  and i did n't say they were n't . 
  i said they were not the main fighting force on the scale they were in the pacific , but they were vital . 
  the one they have now :, 
  you are overreacting . 
  we 're good , but not in this world cup . 
  the us has over 10 % of black population , portugal has less than 1 % . 
  this is why . 
  as a fellow weekender , i agree with everything . 
  this game feels amazing . 
  however , i would like to say that i much prefer the pilot gameplay than the titan . 
  i do n't know , i just fucking love the fluid movement of the pilots , and being able to take down a giant by mounting up and destroying it . 
  also , maybe it 's the brilliant auto-aim pistol , i 'm terrible at aiming with rifles and would just die , but at least here i stand a chance . 
  dunno how other people feel about that . 
  oh , and two people moving around kicking the air , that is just awesome !, 
  edit : maybe playing it for 48h , before it became repetitive , is a good way to keep good memories of this game , 
  i wish i was also able to purchase the game , but right now i have to count every $ ... 
  yeah , the tutorial is great without those annoying `` press w to move forward , move the mouse to look around , click to shoot '' bullshit tips , so after that i pretty much knew everything i needed about the game , except rodeoing and the maps , i guess . 
  it 's really an easy game to get into . 
  sure the veterans have a lot more practice , but at least you 're not faceraped like most other fps games . 
  plus at least you can kill grunts . 
  why is there an eject option at ~ 50ish seconds ?
