  uh i do n't think so mate , 
  looks like the father was pulling that typical `` i dare you '' macho bullshit . 
  dragons . 
  thanks for your generosity op . 
  in portugal , dams are used for that very purpose sometimes . 
  excedent renewable energy produced during low times is used to pump water down from the river into the reservoir , this raising its potential energy . 
  later , at high demand times , the dams open and produce the required energy . 
  of course , the coal plants also are active , albeit we 've reached rather high percentage levels of renewable uses ocasionally . 
  just food my butt , it 's a crazy part of a land 's culture . 
  architecture and music may show much about a country , but nothing gives you as much information about a person than what they eat . 
  to each its own of course but let 's no trivialize other people tastes . 
  for curiosity , not that it is too relevant , but is n't it customary for climatological data to have at least 30 years of data ? 
  i do n't think there are any papa john 's in portugal ... 
  looks like greece needs some special ed too . 
  also , what relevance of hungary being driver ? 
   portugal franchise, 
   all the papa john 's restaurants in portugal are now closed or have changed names . 
  some of these locations still serve pizza , though the master-franchise rest-smart filed for bankruptcy . 
  thanks op . 
  here 's my favourite gif just for you :, 
  picture of a toilet ... 
  huh , i have a different view here , traditional home cooked meal is the common thing to do , eating out is rare . 
  depends on the winner . 
  i know they have a huge job culture in japan but to go as far as warning against the dangers of hitting a businessman 's aureola is a whole new level . 
  that 's because you ca n't see green . 
  nope , too much gamma radiation . 
  they deliver both to be honest , you can choose . 
  euros . 
  what annual fee ? 
  he did n't say it as he used quotes and cited his source . 
  that 's the little moon beside the big base ? 
  it is n't there in the real poster ... 
  beautiful map . 
  this is the very reason the portuguese went around africa and found the maritime route to india . 
  trying to read most of it is like hitting your face with the keyboard . 
  sure is great to be in a wine producing region where you can get good wines for less than 2 $ ... 
  what is appendix a ? 
  uhm , nop , s\u00f3 est\u00e1 [ isto ] ( http://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/windows-8-stickers.jpg ) ( o castanho ) . 
   however , what i think you refer to is psychotherapy - the one with the couch , right ? 
  not exactly , i really am curious how psychology works at fixing people - after all , i 'm asking what they do beyond talking with people . 
  what i 've learned from this thread is that they train the mind and help flex it in new ways much like a physiotherapist does with muscles . 
  is there a sufficient eli5 parallel here ? 
  so they change perspective . 
  but is it a case-by-case situation or they actively work to change your thought processes ? 
  which is n't frowned upon at all in portugal . 
  yeah the portela airport is quite awful compared to most capital city airports ... 
  they wanted to make a new , much bigger one , but there was too much resistance against it . 
   the bios contains a hash that tells the windows 8 installer that it is licensed for a specific version of windows 8 ( windows 8 or windows 8 pro ) . 
  if you install ( or reinstall ) that licensed version , it simply `` activates '' because the hardware is activated for that version of windows . 
  if you install a version of windows 8 that the hardware is n't licensed for , it wo n't activate automatically and you 'll have to put in a product key . 
  that still holds true today . 
  most of the world 's goods are shipped by , well , ship , since they can carry a tremendous ammount of cargo . 
  this reminds me of the n64 controller and how people would use it differently . 
  knowing reddit , op is a reposter . 
  great scott !, 
  still ... 
  fewer . 
  if he 's so smart how come he does n't know that 's an image macro , not a meme ? 
  como \u00e9 que se compara com o one ? 
  who the fuck are `` they '' ? 
  i 'm pretty sure she chose her own career . 
  thankfully , i have n't been brainwashed by the american education . 
  hey man , in a cold day we can get like 10 \u00b0 c ( 50 f ) in lisbon , fuck that , too cold . 
  est\u00e1 * porcaria de apps de telefone ... 
  there 's some irony in posting this twice , i 'll give you that . 
  an unrefusable offer , rather . 
  some languages have both alphabet ( meaning a set of characters like , say , the chinese alphabet ) and abecedary ( sp ? ), 
  for the latin alphabet specifically ( from abcd ) . 
  not sure if english has that distinction . 
  is nest the real life counterpart for umbrella 's hive ? 
  you guys are awesome !, 
  i know a patricia that is more terrifying than sauron . 
  the black dude before is even better . 
  he 's like `` hey wait a minute , you ... huh ... '', 
  devia ensinar o imi como ensina sobre as mitoc\u00f4ndrias . 
  true that . 
  i 'll just grab my private spaceship and fly anywhere i want !, 
  til there are no cockroaches in ireland . 
  also , what 's all the facebook icons , op ? 
  well if you wo n't talk about noah and moises movies ... 
  cuauht\u00e9moc , too , i had never heard of the guy before playing the montezuma campaign ... 
  v\u00ea nos sites do meetup e do couchsurfing . 
  try the 32 bit game . 
  that helped me ... 
  in the launcher options . 
  i hope that helps you as well , so far mine seems to be fine , after lagging like crap . 
  except for the eighties and nineties ... 
  do you not have reserved seats in the us ? 
  edit :, 
  since you have all been so kind to flood me with answers , may as well give my own experience . 
  we do have reserved seats around here . 
  we can buy them in advance , in the counter or online , or we can wait in line and get whatever seat still left . 
  no extra charge for anything . 
  indeed . 
  it 's always so sad that one must put out a disclaimer before asking a genuine question and still probably gets downvoted . 
  people should really learn what reddit voting is about . 
  it is n't a popularity contest , folks !, 
  de impedir downloads ilegais ? 
  pff , tretas . 
  you speak as if there was ever only one caliphate in the world ...
