  plus , i take my time to get ready and eat some good breakfast . 
  and reddit , of course . 
  a translate would be nice . 
  why is [ x-3 ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=x-3 ) defaulted as a spacecraft ? 
  it confused the heck out of me once !, 
  also , love your job !, 
  it must really suck to post something for karma and fail at spelling . 
  no wonder they complain about heavy backpacks for our children . 
  that was not the question & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  maybe i do n't actually know what the word default means . 
  my question was n't what is x-3 . 
  thanks , i can google just as easy as anyone else . 
  my question was why is x-3 default screen that , instead of the normal graphic and stuff , with the option to see that . 
  i was curious to hear a more formal explanation rather than simple guesses . 
  you 've been a redditor for 11 months and 4 days . 
  thus [ wolfram alpha for the rescue ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=11+months+and+4+days+ago ) !, 
  well that 's a bit of a fail at clear label then , because i have no idea what a nickel , dime and quarter is actually worth . 
  because israel is the only middle-eastern country that the us can ever hope to have as a faithful ally in the area . 
  but that comes with a price , which is the reason for all the investment . 
  well , i did say faithful ally . 
  one can never tell if those countries wo n't fight against the us once oil runs out , or something like that . 
  besides , there are other types of alliances besides military ones . 
  gun fever , cowboys , a load of cows , and a load of christian crazy . 
  you can select multiple buildings just like with units : shift click . 
  yes . 
  that 's dr. breen , the bad guy . 
  we require touch to be able to judge well . 
  if you wrote your check with enough space for him to alter the ammount , yes . 
  [ these are all true answers ] ( http://www.familyfeudinfo.com/question.php?id=1094 ) . 
  that 's funny , i was going to say , from experience , that french had to be worse . 
  nice to see some back up , though . 
  the only problem i see with it is money ; if it lays upon one person only to earn sustenaince , it may provoke the wrong environment for children to grow . 
  but if the collective can afford its lifestyle , then i , personally , see no problem with it , so long as everyone consents and there are n't silly feuds , which are always a possibility with humans . 
  just browse a foreign news site for different bias . 
  tab at top saying ` saved ' on any subreddit . 
  that 's ok , i did n't figure it out immediatly myself . 
  you can see that 's in britain because they recommend uk 's standard weapon of defense , a water pistol . 
  i kind of disagree , espontaneous acts of help can be selfless if you just do it for the others . 
  while you certainly will feel better , that is a natural physical and psychological consequence and not necesserly the reason you helped in the first place . 
  saying it is is an assumption you ca n't make for all cases . 
  or the captain goes down with the ship , for that matter . 
  well , that certainly explains african famine . 
  standard = american . 
  joseph must have been a really good carpenter to still be active at 90 + . 
  pretty sure there are other countries who do it . 
  they 're mostly third world countries , though , i 'd wager . 
  makes it all so worth it . 
  `` please help homeless god ... '' . 
  wait , no ... 
  in portugal we call them ` foleirada ' . 
  i 'm actually curious here : you 're using the show 's own format , is n't it copyrighted or something ? 
  did you contact them ? 
  i really do n't know , but i do hope it is legal because it looks fantastically brilliant . 
  go team nerd . 
  ca n't tell if pocket book ... 
  i reckon it means you can sell anything you want , ie , you can make an used shit car look like a goddamn ferrari . 
  sorry to say this , but maybe you and your uncle jack should get some help . 
  what 's in it for them , crazy advertising ? 
  i ca n't really believe college people write like that anywhere in the world . 
   we truly feel that our personal freedom is being attacked . 
  it is n't . 
  you are free to discard the billboard , just as others are free to look at a new perspective and free themselves from under the tiranny of a murderous god . 
  are you offended ? 
  too bad . 
  religion has had immunity from offense for too long . 
  not wishing to be snide , probably [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confirmation_bias ) . 
  americans : greedy , in a way that having money is # 1 priority , spoiled , because you 're too used to your wasteful way of life , nation-centric ( is this a thing ? 
  ) , because you see the us culture as mainstream , and you do not hesitate in making decisions that affect the humanity on a global scale , but innovative and entrepeneur . 
  you lot seem to have a really easy time making money , which is probably the reason half of the world 's scientific minds just emigrate there . 
  canadians : while having much of the american culture and wasteful way of life , they are n't so greedy and seem to have a more relaxed view on money . 
  plus , they say sorry a lot , it seems . 
  as for mexicans , and this one is going to puzzle some people ... is mexico really north america ? 
  i was taught it was central america . 
  maybe the confusion is that you are taught america are two continents , i am told it is only one , subdivived in three parts . 
  but anyway , i just see mexicans as sort of spaniards : noisy , dirty and overly religious . 
  so , yes , if you ask for stereotypes , here 's a good list , i hope . 
  i know right , he definitely looks 74 . 
  not funny . 
  because jesus is not an anglo-saxonic sounding name . 
  a smart guy who tried to eat a spoonful of cinnamon it seems . 
  since he 's an african military man , he 's obviously laughing at the burning villages and slaughtered peasants just upriver , like the good warlord he is . 
  the fact you were able to speak about something you feel embarassed and worried about in front of people your age is an incredible feat for anyone with any kind of social fobia . 
  you may feel bad about it , but do n't . 
  you did great . 
  he 's probably a high school/college student . 
  i do n't think it would be wise to correlate lack of wedding ring with not taken . 
  not funny , and you 're not the first one . 
  go away . 
  are swedish racist mostly to black people or anyone that is not blue-eyed , blonde or even with a slight colour ? 
  the only part of homeopathic remedies that actually works is water . 
  drink plenty of it a day and you 'll be healthy . 
  the portuguese guy would have [ desenrascan\u00e7o ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/desenrascan%c3%a7o ) !, 
  too bad he 'd be too fat and lazy to win anything ... 
  why high school teacher when you could be an university professor ? 
  just curious , i 'm not saying an high school teacher is n't important - it is . 
  the vatican ? 
  i 'm sure boobs are the one thing atheists and theists alike can set their differences aside and enjoy . 
  so there was this thread about what has reddit ever done to me . 
  after this daily reminder , i realised that i learn a new weird english word every goddamn day . 
  why do you lot have so many strange words for pretty much everything that has ever existed ?
