  you wrote :, 
  should be :, 
  minor changes , etc. 
  i hope this helps you somewhat , but you really need to grab a grammar book and gender in portuguese . 
  still , this was some fun , it 's a shame i do n't have more time to help you , but i 'm sure you 'll be fine . 
  also , he was n't called christopher columbus . 
  i , too , aim to misbehave . 
  that word is messing with my poor esl brain :(, 
  i like to say that portugal 's ua can be responsible for a maximum of 31 extra gold per trade route ( in an ideal situation , of course , where you have the 25 luxuries plus 6 strategic and are trading with a barren backwards city , by ship ) . 
  still , it can easily be over 10 extra gold per trade route . 
  one thing i 've always been curious about though : city-states only get their 2-3 resources , right ? 
  resource diversity is thus usually stronger in trade done with city-states rather than with other civs . 
  this is the most ` murica thing i 've seen in this sub for a long while . 
  i think something went wrong , i 'm seeing some graphs about nintendo sales and whatnot :, 
  example :, 
  on my screen :, 
  edit : it works if i actually click rather than res . 
  ** 2nd edit : ** for people still checking back in , / u/sarkie suggests [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1zq3px/massive_collection_of_883_gaming_wallpapers/cfvzh9j ) that you try this link to download the folder without accessing it :, 
  i hope it works for you , it really is a great album . 
  seems to work now , no problem . 
  awesome , thanks so much !, 
  cool , i 'll edit the post in the hopes people will still see it ... 
  i 've never thought of it this way :, 
  as a portuguese , i 'm proud that my nation was the first to reach out into the big blue wonder and discover new lands . 
  this started in about 1415 . 
  portugal then maintained a simple monopoly of discoveries untill the end of the century , when spain became relevant because ` murica . 
  basically , portugal was the only one exploring the world for close to twice as much time as the americans claim they 're the only ones reaching the moon . 
  one could say it 's very different because reaching the moon is much harder than getting on a ship . 
  well , true , sure . 
  then how come portugal was unmatched for so damn long ? 
  my point is : they should really shut the fuck up about being the only ones on the moon . 
  it is of no surprise . 
  i am certainly proud of what my country did , but it 's history . 
  they should be proud of what their country did , but that too is history . 
  i doubt it , there 's a bot that keeps linking threads linked to other threads in said threads . 
  because it feels nice . 
  no other reason , for me at least . 
  it 's just a feeling of belonging . 
  pride is n't a bad thing at all , arrogance is . 
  why no heroic epic ? 
  indeed . 
  personally , i really dislike it in football championships where the country goes wild for what a dozen people do in a sports field . 
  that kind of pride is n't healthy . 
  pride in something that the entire country worked together to achieve , even if five hundred years ago , is . 
  may as well hijack your post ... 
  i 'm afraid not , i tried checking if i had a save somewhere but it seems i do n't ... 
  it 's very easily replayed if you 'd have a few hours to waste . 
  it was settler , venice , archipelago , huge , 12 players , 41 city-states . 
  my objective at first was to produce as many mov as i could to try and buy every city-state ( yes , occasionally i like to pseudo-sandbox weird shit on settler ) . 
  which is easy enough ; i built only the gmp wonders to avoid getting diminishing returns from gs and ge production , got a religion , had a lot of movs . 
  so then i did what was the next venice thing to do : i built 5 ships , and went from civ to civ , buying every city one by one ( it works , no matter how much they hate you , but you may have to pick a special order in which to buy - also , it matters that you already have some 2k gpt and a lot of luxuries ) , giving them all of my gold , and declaring war pronto , taking their capital asap . 
  and buying every important building in the new puppets . 
  i did it to all bar dido because she was one of the few that did n't get a wonder . 
  the screenshot was also taken one turn before the end of world 's fair . 
  you know , for higher culture . 
  oh , and all 20 cargo ships went to venice for food . 
  also , i had all policies + order . 
  i know people on this subreddit have some special hate for settler players . 
  i get it , but once in a while sandboxing some super retarded faceroll to get such crazy results can be fun , specially if you 're focused on something else and doing it on the side . 
  but that site is saying canada has 6 . 
  but a candela is one of the seven basic si units . 
  or do you mean something else ? 
  egypt is good with wonders , but other than that it 's hardly the best producing one . 
  this is new from the last patch . 
  antiquity sites can now also give great works of writing , or the respective bonus you can also get from great writers , free culture . 
  of course , if you have no slot for it , only the bonus appears . 
   for that matter , i learnt staff management techniques from raid leading . 
  i can just imagine it :, 
  `` hey sean , what do i need to do next ? '', 
  `` goddamnit you fucking moron do i have to spoonfeed you everything i swear to god i do n't know why i gave you the job '', 
  i do n't presume the laws of physics are undisputed truth , but i still believe them . 
  really ? 
  that one i 've never heard , congrats . 
  i do n't understand why you are surprised that the oldest borders in continental europe go trough a lot of natural barriers . 
  rich english bastard did a zipline between spain and portugal ; you can buy a ticket , ride it , and return by boat . 
  well it is a mom-and-pop store ... 
  why is the el dorado in africa ? 
  and krakatoa . 
  working it is a myth . 
  a zee . 
  i search youtube for epic game music when i have work to do . 
  they are usually boss themes , very intense , and it increases my performance because it feels like a challenge that i need to beat . 
  a common practice is to hit bairro alto up until 2 am , then head to santos for the clubs . 
  here , i did you a map :, 
  bairro alto is the tight-street neighbourhood north of a , santos is b. 
  just ask people around for bars/clubs , explore , and enjoy . 
  hey , whatever fuel your legs !, 
  that is an awesome accent !, 
   i am an atheist who strongly dislikes alcohol . 
  do n't make me choose , 
  there are beers without alcohol for you . 
  there are n't bibles without bullshit . 
  hope that helped . 
  that 's more like a tardis bucket ... 
  meh , we get the brazilian flag for portuguese every time :(, 
  irish-americans are n't african-americans , doh . 
  they are afraid . 
  at ~ ~ first ~ ~ ~ ~ second ~ ~ a later time i was wondering why was a brain in there ... 
  why a brain is there , after a while i wondered . 
  what the fuck is snake venom antidote made of , unicorns ?
