  christmas presents are not part of christian beliefs . 
  they are a modern tradition . 
  they were probably expecting him to be jesus reborn or something . 
  retarded 9gag format apart , am i the only one who has never cheated on a test ? 
  i do n't know , i just like the feeling that i can do the stuff that 's asked . 
  it seems op borrowed doc 's derlorean two months ago . 
  about $ 1.724 per liter . 
  that 'd be about us$ 8.50 per us gallon . 
  august *, 
  it 's the greedy that are looked down upon . 
  ten , mainly because he was the one that lasted for a while when i started really enjoying the show . 
  [ vale decem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2n-uij3jws ) . 
  latin for * farewell ten * . 
  i can only hope no one in / r/wtf thinks of posting their largest roach on a plate . 
  he used km , obviously eurofag trying to fit in . 
  x 1 hour . 
  it 's the fundamentalist christians you 're thinking about . 
  those are n't real christians . 
  just imagine , an eternity of `` god hates fags '' . 
  he farms for our gluttony . 
  my father never gave me any kind of sex advice . 
  i guess that 's worse than yours . 
  you should rehost it to imgur . 
  same reason you get billed for phone calls at all : corporation greed . 
   the city of babylon , iraq looks more like endless farmland than a bustling city . 
  wait , is n't it a bunch of ruins nowadays ? 
  spend a week in a completely different country . 
  because . 
  i 'd laugh , actually . 
  haha , awesome ending and all . 
  god , even your 1l bottles look obese !, 
  one , not , individual . 
  one would be useful enough to describe any number you 'd need for the time being , by just repeating it . 
  not is negation , it 's very useful for anything , including saying zero , as not one . 
  there actually is a language that does something like this regarding numbers . 
  as for individual , i 'm not entirely sure what i was thinking then , what i wanted to say was ` self ' , i suppose , as opposed to ` not self ' , and then construct verbs using this notion plus single or plural forms using ` oneself ' or ` oneoneself ' . 
  something like that . 
  i do n't understand , why would said monarch have to be male to buy a computer ? 
  could perfectly well be a queen , as long as said computer has solitaire and facebook . 
  fireworks are already expected to be out of this world . 
  depends on what i 'd need the money for currently . 
  if i had to be responsible for a family , then i 'd probably stay with the money . 
  as a southern european , the title felt great . 
  then i clicked the link . 
  not karma . 
  community . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not sure , all i know is that the reason people try to humilliate them here may be because they need the feeling of belonging , and reddit is a community where people tend to think similarly . 
  think hivemind . 
  so the vale would enter the war , at last . 
  that 's mediterranean climate for you . 
  i love it !, 
  the weather . 
  and i 'm a meteorologist-to-be . 
  dead . 
  for what it 's worth , it 's a matter of statistics . 
  young males do tend to be more careless and get in more accidents ( [ 1990 paper i just googled ] ( http://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/2027.42/1007/2/83596.0001.001.pdf ) ) . 
  it 's quite shitty to pay for all the irresponsible morons who ca n't drive , yes , but insurance companies have to protect themselves too . 
  would be their easiest con ever . 
  actually , the vale could bring a quicker end to the war . 
  opporation & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  your nail is n't very happy about it . 
  i do n't get it . 
  oh , now i get it . 
  at first i thought it was some weird american upside down christmas tree . 
  we do n't get many tornadoes around here . 
  it was dragged . 
  there must be a trick with the english language on your post that i do n't follow ... 
  anyway , the wikipedia link for [ racetrack playa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racetrack_playa ) explains what those are . 
  your country is way too patriot ( as you like to call it ) to die out that easily as a country . 
  that being said , i 'm not denying it could be drastically different . 
  why ? 
  she 's trying a good thing . 
  here i thought you were going to say i was in a coma or something . 
  they would also suffocate . 
  why do n't you go back to basic school ? 
  most earthporn bros. posts are . 
  i have blue eyes in southern europe . 
  click the red unsubscribe button to the left - , 
  was it ever cool ? 
  at birth . 
  no , i do n't think they can . 
  i 'm not sure why i read the text with boobs on the side , but it was worth it . 
  that 's the point . 
  edit : okay , what did i miss here ? 
  you know , just because the movie is focused on the main characters , it does n't mean that someone that gets killed wo n't get a proper funeral and their deaths investigated . 
  actually , it fucking does , it 's a movie for crying out loud !, 
  not an entire american family , it ca n't . 
  it only lacks guns !, 
  i 'd make it a law that people have to shake their heads at each other . 
  there 's been stupider laws in history , really ... 
  yes , i was addicted to something , horribly . 
  something that perhaps many redditors have been to . 
  some still are , i bet . 
  world of warcraft . 
  i have no problems admitting now that i was actually addicted to it . 
  i was on a top raiding guild , 150th something world kill on the lich king heroic ( big boss two expansions ago ) , and i spent my days ingame with several alts and whatnot , with no purpose whatsoever but to pass time quickly . 
  as an introvert , and a bit shy at that , social life really was n't my thing , and being able to chat with people without having to face them was ideal . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why i gave it up , to be completely honest . 
  it was in very early cataclysm ( the next expansion ) , first heroic raid tier was n't even complete , and there was drama going all over the guild .
