  if you can , try using public transportation , or getting a ride . 
  driving can be quite annoying if , as you say , the drive is miserable . 
  so if you can skip that and focus instead on , say , reading a book , or something to distract yourself , it gets easily bearable . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 'm not sure , which accent do the wildlings have in the got series ? 
  things like ` if he roons i 'll cout him ' or ` me father ' ( sound probably not correct as i 'm not english native speaker ) . 
  but i love that accent . 
  nice try , americans . 
  you can probably have it all auctioned/sold and donated to charity , minus the honoraries of whoever makes the sale . 
  try asking a lawyer . 
  well , to be fair , it 's not hard to imagine a photography/film studio called [ aperture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aperture ) . 
  jurassic park . 
  i was eight when it came out , and very entusiasthic about dinossaurs at the time . 
  because of that , my parents took me to see the movie ( they had no idea of what it was ) . 
  i just can not watch it nowadays . 
  would you be handsome , smart and cultured if you had not go to the gymn , studied hard and cultivated your culture ? 
  in other words , was it god or you that made you what you are ? 
  you do not disprove an unfounded claim . 
  she 's doing the very same thing religious people do . 
   god exists , because the priest says so . 
  some nice name blocking skills you 've got . 
  dune . 
  portuguese names for weekdays are completly unrelated to the other languages :, 
  saturday and sunday are the same as yours , s\u00e1bado ( from the bible 's shabbat ) and domingo ( day of the lord ) . 
  rest follows a simple pattern :, 
  thursday - * quinta-feira *, 
  segunda , ter\u00e7a , quarta , quinta , sexta , they all are ordinal numbers from two to six , second , third , fourth , fifth and sixth . 
  * feira * is related to the world * feria * , which translates into holy day . 
  for example , your * vacances * ( english : vacations ) goes as * f\u00e9rias * , or if it is a single day , it goes as * feriado * . 
  so basically , portuguese names for days are as blank and simple as day of the lord , second holy day , third holy day , fourth holy day , fifth holy day , sixth holy day , shabbat . 
  sixth grade in 2006 . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm old . 
   most executions were related to the punishment of civil crimes committed within the papal states, 
  this is just a list of a civil state doing its justice . 
  all very sad , sure , but this has nothing do to with / r/atheism . 
  can always round it up to scientific notation after 10 ^ 674 . 
  false . 
  no one from spain can talk or write in english . 
  can you name me one rule of morality that has remained objective since the beggining of written history ? 
  what are you , grandmaster ? 
  now that i think of it , gorilla warfare is a fine way to express ` merica 's militarism . 
  i 'm an european with a big list of american friends i made troughout a decade of internet usage and starcraft : broodwar broplaying . 
  starcraft 2 took the latter away from me as they all have us accounts and i 'm stuck in eu . 
  while i 'm not a big player and would possible only use the game few hours per week , i would definitely love the option of playing with them again . 
  i 'm not trying to be creative , i 'm just trying to spend some time with american friends . 
  truth be said , i 'd rather get an eu version so i could play with my own brother . 
  nowadays we just share the account . 
   i 'd like to ship to a different country and know this can be very expensive !, 
  can someone with some experience with shipping elsewhere in the world tell me exactly how expensive this can get ? 
  i 'd love to participate in this but i am counting my coppers at the moment , a little bit more information would be awesome . 
  that 's a nice idea , actually . 
  would n't be as personal as i 'd like it to be , but it would certainly be better than nothing . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's the thing , because the country 's random i 'm not sure how much i would end up paying . 
  i guess i 'm looking to know the maximum ammount i 'd end up paying ( with the cheap service level , that is ) . 
  that 's okay , appreciated . 
  you 're not a real bot if you give proper answers . 
  except g-man sold whatever rock first caused the resonance cascade to the black mesa guys . 
  is n't he supposed to look like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jzk92.jpg ) actually ? 
  sorry about that . 
  what exactly does n't make sense ? 
  you 're probably thinking the us is on a plane when it 's part of a sphere . 
  how does a maintenance man at a birmingham trailer park looks like ( other than jesus ) ? 
  you must have some [ extra ] fun watching porn . 
  you get friends in american prisons too . 
  for free . 
  you do n't have to be so serious . 
  they 'll probably treat you like shit you in american prisons whatever you do . 
  wait a minute , there were no sandwiches in the bronze age !, 
  it is if they run away to a dangerous place , good parents should tell their children about the dangers of a city . 
  can you explain it to us who do n't speak english natively ? 
  in other words : i do n't get it . 
  thank you . 
  silly bear , explanted right there . 
  if someone creates an image similar to this but the images side by side and a better looking text , i will worship you untill the sun rises in the west and sets in the east . 
  wet dreams . 
  i 'm portuguese , and unlike most of my people , i 'm not a lover ( at all ) of football/soccer , and get tired of hearing everyone talk about it all the damn time over here . 
  so i find it funny that the subreddit of the day of my birthday is about soccer !, 
  but that 's okay , here 's me hoping that we win the euro so my countrymen morale will be raised and we get out of this crisis somehow . 
  edit : `` my people '' is indicative , not possessive !, 
  we ca n't buy babies and hookers in pingo doce , so , nah !, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  one day you 'll start wondering if you could n't have done anything better with your life . 
  what ? 
  the guy 's just lonely . 
  let us know in 2 minutes if resharing it helped you . 
  i never said anything about working harder . 
  you 're living 2 years with a baby , you will need to be patient . 
  pinochio is italian . 
  i do n't do this at all , i love walking in the dark in a place i know , navigating from memory and touch alone . 
  that is , untill i hit a tricicle my niece left in the middle of the living room . 
  in my defense , it 's written pin\u00f3quio in my language !, 
  edit : furthermore , pinocchio is indeed italian , just like batman is american . 
  fictional ( or are they ? ), 
  characters , sure , but they do have nationalities . 
  south hemisphere ? 
  because , sure , winter 's coming there . 
  are you talking about college graduation or high school graduation ? 
  would your answer change if you were talking about the other one ?
