  it is also a cheap insulator , being used in houses and going as far as the [ space shuttle ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1981/11/03/science/shuttle-s-cork-from-portugal.html ) itself . 
  the very purpose of cork is to protect the oak trees from forest fires ( which can be a thing in the dry regions they grow on ) . 
  as it is such a great fire insulator , the cork will burn but the tree will survive . 
  since there is prevention and firemen corps in those areas , forest fires are relatively well controlled there , and thus cork serves no real purpose . 
  however , forest fires do happen and once in a while the corkless tress die indeed . 
  edit : what i said about forest fires also holds true for parasites and diseases . 
  cork does help the tree with those , but so do humans . 
  why ? 
  do n't be ignorant . 
  not if done professionally , which is the case . 
  that is the method . 
  a team of about 10-15 well trained men , called a ` rancho ' , is hired to do it , and they go around our property for a week or two harvesting one tenth of all trees ( the other tenths are for the other ten different years , and they depend on when the tree was planted and has reached maturity ) . 
  they have to individually check each tree to see if it has that year 's mark ( a simple number ) and then they get to work . 
  cork harvesting is very sensitive , a stronger ax blow will injure the tree , and consequences of that may range from permanent damage to cork growth in the scar area and actual death , if it gets infected . 
  there have been attempts to build machines that could do the same work , but so far nothing has been produced because trees vary greatly in shape and size . 
  quite a bit . 
  oak trees are usually large , and their roots are as big as their canopies . 
  the terrain is usually like [ this ] ( http://www.apcor.pt/imagens/imagebank/montado1.jpg ) , they are separated at roughly 10 metres from each other so they wo n't interfere with each other 's growth . 
  what do you mean ? 
  sol is our star 's name . 
  soi . 
  got it . 
  ftfy, 
  a circlejerk . 
  * unaffordable, 
  no algarve comem . 
  watched some other videos . 
  were you really scared of heights at elevador da justa ? 
  because that 's not really high ... 
  maybe he enjoys parkouring and titans are just something slow to refresh himself before he goes back into wild monkey mode . 
  it is a bit pretentious to call someone out on their playstyle if it is just as valid , even if not optimized , tbh . 
  is that a pony tail ? 
  tbh the dude looks mediterranean , that 's at least believable compared to a pale-skinned , blue-eyed jesus . 
  i have no idea how you can see any of that , but i guess it is down to personal experience . 
  as a portuguese , if i saw this guy on the streets i would definitely see him as portuguese as well , never as british . 
  that has n't stopped the lol guys . 
  a que est\u00e1 no [ topo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf2o5rdkq9a ) ... 
  mulan figths the huns , not mongols . 
  no , it is n't historically correct . 
  firefly theme song , instrumental . 
  there 's too little water in it to be in the us . 
  yes, 
  as a decimal comma native in an internet world with decimal points , it can get very confusing once in a while indeed . 
  actually , thousand separator is the period for me ( if any ) . 
  both 1234567,89 and 1.245.567,89 work . 
  or just 1000000 , like in a calculator , but it is n't very pratical . 
  your cock got so big it could be heard . 
  if i recall correctly , the establishments have to pay a fee if the transaction is electronic so they will always ask for cash . 
  my mum used to pharmaceutical ethanol on my burns , it did wonders . 
  reminds me of [ capit\u00e3o portugal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q4sgbll.jpg ) . 
  he 's wearing a mask , how do you know ? 
  / r/changemyview ? 
  it 's my favourite multiplayer fps game by far . 
  i think it 's a valid question , he 's curious about it and wants to know . 
  do n't diss on people trying to learn . 
  how can you tell his age and religious status ? 
  does it have francesinhas ? 
  if you 're lucky , you could . 
  we are ? 
  it 's the first time i 've ever heard of this . 
  well , good luck . 
  on a side note , i love getting ripped from my titan by an atlas , do a flipover and that the final vision you get is the atlas moving away firing shit . 
  i always get the `` wow i fucking love this game '' feel , even if i just got killed . 
  [ this guy right here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm9s5coke8c&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=456 ) . 
  the army must be very happy right now . 
  did n't you read ? 
  they 're sweetdoughs . 
  so now it is an even list ? 
  are they not the same stats ? 
  op please, 
  i thought the evac ship was going to explode as well ... 
  why is c just called `` the fence '' instead of `` mexico-us fence '' or something like that to go with the rest ? 
  nope , it 's the posts that either say you should n't give it or that you 've never gotten it that get gilded . 
  ads . 
  that only means that wherever it is you live the law allows for it , that may not be the case everywhere . 
  well he did n't say grown like those posts always do . 
  at least he 's honest . 
  yes , they would provably ask op to clean their computer given his amazing computer skills . 
  i do n't understand the bbq part . 
  are you saying you can also only eat bbq from wherever you are from ? 
  if so , that would be due to the condiments you are used to . 
  but that holds true for pretty much everywhere and every food . 
  indeed , and that would be because of the condiments and other conditions ( eg cooking time ) a person is used to . 
  a man is a creature of habits after all . 
  who 's the duck besides iron groot ? 
  tagged this time , went afk for 5 minutes , was removed already . 
  i guess that 's great moderators at work < 3, 
  source plz, 
  are you azorean ? 
  it reads like azorean accent . 
  haha ops . 
  pata is portuguese for animal feet ( inclunding seagulls ) , makes it even more relevant . 
  would be interesting to see direction , ie point of start and ending . 
  needs more accent . 
  sorry for my ignorance , but why is that jeep so freaking huge ? 
  it makes sense . 
  most us/canada portuguese emmigrants left from the azorean isles ( isolated communities as is ) , a few generations ago , when portugal was under a heavily conservative ditactorship . 
  things are different now , for the most part . 
  why is that map not centered in 0 like any normal map ? 
  ah yes , the great 446 bce oreos revolt .
