  sorry , buddy , you may have had good experiences with them . 
  i too had some good experiences . 
  but my own experience allied with so much bad deeds i see all over europe are more than enough to convince me that their culture is bad . 
  i 'm all for assimilating them into our culture because theirs is just nasty . 
  you can call me racist all you want . 
  they 're not even a race anyway . 
  the language issue is you calling the other guy not a gypsy . 
  if he considers himself a gypsy because , in his language ( dutch , i believe ) , gypsy and romani have the same meaning , then you ca n't tell him he 's not a gypsy . 
  he may not be one in english , but he may be one in his language . 
  and do n't worry , i 'm from europe , i can grasp the complexity just fine . 
  not really , no . 
  basically , if the guy wants to identify himself as a gypsy and is of romani ethnicity and gypsy education ( which , in many languages , is the same word ) , then he is a gypsy for sure , even if he works hard and lives a sedentary life . 
  that 's all i was trying to say . 
  not really that important :p, 
  no , you ignorant cunt . 
  try to be informed sometimes , it pays off . 
  that has already been answered here ... 
  please check somewhere below . 
  that 's a lot of assumptions you 're making about someone you do n't know . 
  ca n't you see that would make you just as prejudiced as you think i am , thus an hypocrite for calling me something you also are ? 
  having people out of your country and having them killed are two completely different things . 
  to take that leap for the sake of arguing is just wrong . 
  it was just a comment ... 
  such butthurt . 
  but how is that even related anyway , david has been a hebrew word for thousands of years , sure , but it 's also been a spanish and even english word for centuries . 
  it has their own , correct form in every language . 
  pedro , however , does not . 
  he 's saying the whole pic is his drawing . 
  what , because of one picture ? 
  it was a joke , 
  enjoy your stay !, 
  i do n't speak english as first language , but ... 
  did you know that already or did you play rome : total war ? 
  yeah we do n't really support death camps for anyone in europe . 
  gypsy is n't a race , it 's a culture . 
  right . 
  i do n't know , which one is better ? 
  still , not a huge fan of running for one hour and being killed out of nowhere , so ... 
  watch dogs . 
  i always link images using reddit 's format like [ this ] ( http://www.coastdigital.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/link.png ) . 
  i believe you linked the wrong mod . 
  less that -1 m means it 's further away from zero . 
  -2 m is less than -1 m. 
  if i 'm guessing correctly , you found three natural wonders a few turns later . 
  they 'd be , i assume , grand mesa , old faithful and barringer crater . 
  yeah . 
  that 's what you get for playing in an earth map . 
  lots of luxury resources in starting spots , and three wonders in north america . 
  it 's sol . 
  edit : podias ter posto uma data mais recente !, 
  i 've been here for over two years and i have never seen it . 
  that 's what reddit is about , oc , reposts for those who never saw them and for those who have seen them and whine about it . 
  yeah , this subreddit is slightly different in that people will mention it 's a repost , but still be in awwe . 
  i turned 29 yesterday , did n't expect anything and was pleasantly surprised by my siblings who prepared a nice day by inviting a few friends i had in a different town back when i was in university there . 
  just thought i should share . 
  happy birthday to you , fellow 85 junine !, 
  next year we 're thirty . 
  not english native speaker , would n't eta be just 21 days , t minus 21 days being today ? 
  sorry for the silly question . 
  i get that , but eta means the end of the countdown , no ? 
  eta is t minus 21 days seems weird to me . 
  should n't it be ` eta in 21 days ' ? 
  i ca n't say that makes any sense , but hey , i 'm not the native speaker . 
  thanks you all !, 
  o que \u00e9 o rising star ? 
  til you can edit 1.5 years old posts . 
  wait , you send gopros in weather ballons ? 
  they can survive the fall back ? 
  while that may be true , it is possible that they use parachutes anyway . 
  i quickly googled something and [ here ] ( http://pointofviewcameras.com/blog/pov/article/gopro-hd-hero-falls-80000-feet-back-to-earth ) 's a video of a 80,000 ft ( ~ 24 km ) fall . 
  but it is archived , since you ca n't upvote anymore . 
  this is why i asked . 
  say the girl is born in 21 days . 
  eta in 21 days is her birth day . 
  t minus 21 refers to today . 
  right ? 
  eta in t minus 21 days is wrong maths . 
  basically , x = x - 21 !, 
  i did n't see her picking them up , must have been paying attention to a hundred other things . 
  but yeah , there was really no other explanation other than a mini dragon . 
  thanks !, 
  era gajo para a imprimir e meter na porta do quarto :p, 
  great , now i see it . 
  thanks for that !, 
  i thought that only happened in antigravity zones . 
  it 's actually in the list of things not to post , though . 
  yes . 
  as constructive criticism , it seems that in the part where it breaks off the downvote arrow is n't actually covering the scythe but is placed above it instead . 
  i thought that was a stationary camera . 
  10th kart is best kart . 
  i 'd say riding bowser in a mr. scooty beats any other argument anyone can say . 
  really though , i 'm finding it incredibly fun ( and frustrating at times ) , both local and online play . 
  at what times do the games go ? 
  i 'm not sure if the schedule online reflects time zones . 
  it says 7.30 - 8 pm gmt , is this correct ? 
  random number generator . 
  gaming slang for luck . 
   stone works in plains, 
   improved windmill and stoneworks, 
  you do n't need the first , do you ?
