  i can actually open my mouth as wide as i want , as long as my teeth are shut . 
  asimov was an incredible author , ca n't recommend him enough . 
  reddit is independent ? 
  why do you say this , do you genuinely believe that ? 
  some people just are n't made to interact with others in specific ways . 
  oh , they exist , but wishing something is a lot different than getting it . 
  i agree that there may be someone for him , but that does n't mean he 'll get them . 
  do not underestimate the lack of ability of some people or , probably more common , the anxiety some suffer from specific interactions . 
  some people go their entire lives without knowing love . 
  telling them they just have to wait is close to borderline evil . 
  why did you hate some costumers ? 
  were they just incompatible as a person overall ( if you could even judge them ) or did they do anything specific ? 
  make an ad as an hooker and investigate all phone numbers that do not associate with the given address , i guess . 
  it was n't just awesome . 
  it was awful . 
  neither will your patronizing attitude . 
  telling a loner they 'll eventually get someone is akin to telling a poor person money 'll fall off a tree . 
  they , and only they , are the ones that must act . 
  and i 'll always criticize optimistic but unrealistic people , no matter how good their intentions are . 
  i know . 
  believe it or not , i have no pleasure in telling you these things . 
  i just wish people realised how patronizing they sound sometimes . 
  i personally prefer a helpful advice than positive and happy , but useless thought , and try to live by that . 
  i am sorry if this hurts you somehow , but i hope you comprehend that attitude . 
  would you be so kind to tell us what age , or age bracket if you prefer , are you in , and what ages are the men you meet , and how much it matters for you and them ? 
  what do you mean , do people really have an hard time understanding why the us became a superpower after both world wars ? 
  what they do n't seem to understand is why it is n't all good and dandy now . 
  they did , kinda , that 's how he/she ended in america . 
  i wish someone had answered you , i have no idea what either thing is . 
  when i was a kid , like 12 or so , we had some sex-ed classes where they told us we could get aids from sex . 
  so i told my crush , a super popular girl , i wanted to have aids with her . 
  she got disgusted and spoke of my `` smoothness '' to everyone she could . 
  20 years later , i still think about it occasionally ... 
  he still spoke latin , not english . 
  but sure , being hispanic ( the original definition of the word ) has nothing to do with it . 
  i get the same impression about americans and us presidents ( none in particular , just the position ) . 
  i once tried to kiss a nordic girl ( ca n't remember which country ) , she backed out and looked at me like i was the devil . 
  it is n't a big deal , really , but i can understand if you 're not used to it . 
  do you do anything with women you know ( like handshakes with men ) , or just talk ? 
  if you have to rationalize and try to be fair , you 're doing it wrong . 
  it 's not about everyone paying the same share , it 's about friends drinking together . 
  so what you end that night paying more than others ? 
  maybe next time you 'll pay less . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  also you can also tell everyone to get their own drink and you 'll pay at the end . 
  cheek kisses are n't close , you do that to pretty much every woman , does n't matter what age and how long we have , or have n't , known them . 
  nobody interprets then as being close . 
  hugs , on the other hand , only with close friends . 
  mind you , i 'm portuguese , not british . 
  portugal : the food . 
  i wish i could explain what it is like . 
  it 'll have to suffice to say that i have yet to meet a tourist who did n't love our food , although a few still prefer their country 's . 
   tldr : it 's based in the foundations of the position more so than its current representations , especially depending upon background , heritage , and knowledge of history . 
  so , like the british royal family ? 
  if there are problems with the middle east , deforestation is not one of them . 
  it may help to consider that , as far as i know , drinks are cheaper here . 
  also , you are afraid your friends may take advantage of you . 
  that 's kinda weird . 
  both those weathers are awful . 
  that would be a sight to see indeed . 
  or , perhaps , a sight to avoid !, 
  where in europe do apartment buildings share laundry facilities ? 
  so , someone to give pats in the back ? 
  til grecian is a word in the english language ( not my first ) . 
  what about mate ? 
  so how big is that kim jong-un folder of yours ? 
  wait , it 's been years since i played it but i seen to remember the planet defending itself from the meteor . 
  what is the difference ? 
  those automatic semen extractors in china or japan or wherever the fuck it is . 
  source ? 
  but if i work , i 'll get money and kill myself . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  you should learn how to argue . 
  pokemon . 
  it will be downvoted because your first sentence sucks . 
  lissabon is a perfectly fine way to say lisbon , which is another perfectly fine way to say lisboa . 
  that said , i do wonder why anyone would take a law course in a different country . 
  english is n't my first language , for all i know sentence and phrase are synonymous . 
  are they not ? 
  or i can ask questions that i know i 'm not the only one wondering and wait for answers from people who are glad to answer , thus doing a simple service to everyone . 
  this is a good thing about reddit that i enjoy . 
  you are overreacting for no reason . 
  chill . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  if that was obvious i would not have asked it . 
  and you 're a high effort troll ? 
  because you are definitely trying too hard . 
  just stop, 
  i do n't think so . 
  my original question was civil and simple . 
  the other guy , however , seemed to have followed me from another thread ( i hope not ) , where i asked for a source on a dubious fact he posted , and he called me lazy for not googling it . 
  simple story that i care little to follow , but to explain it to you . 
  i have several i remember once in a while , but forget about . 
  i wonder if there 's a subreddit for simple english questions . 
  certainly , i appreciate it , thanks . 
  here 's an example : what is the difference between alone and lone ( which afaik is n't used ) . 
  as an example : the lone rider is alone . 
  this will probably create unfortunate backlash , but what the heck ... 
  kicking a daughter out is such a foreign concept to me , it is one of those things about some cultures i just ca n't wrap my head around . 
  i mean , i understand the cold logic .
