  so long as her mother could take care of it once in a while . 
  and thus , every redditor looked upon their own room and rejoiced , for there were more like them in the world . 
  well , i am biased towards portugal . 
  but brazil is also amazing !, 
  you have n't researched iron working yet , which is why you ca n't see the iron that worker is on . 
  i suppose he used that word in a sense that anakin was conceived by a disturbance in the force rather than a man . 
  no it is n't . 
  you mean the cristo redentor ? 
  is n't the automated route by workers the exact same way ? 
  were n't phoenicians and persians white ? 
  what lipcsb meant is that they used arab pilots , ie , people with knowledge of routes . 
  the commander would be , of course , a chinese noble . 
  i have no idea if it is factually correct . 
  i do know that vasco da gama did just that on his way to india . 
  of course they did . 
  the word * barbarian * , albeit greek , meaning * inferior people * , was often used by the romans , which would then try to help them by conquest . 
  and get some profit , of course . 
  i believe it 's polish . 
  now that i think of it , if you 're american your women are like your coffee : large . 
  they 'd just create a 3d version of the earth and be done with silly projections . 
  if you are coming in november , be ready for some rain . 
  we 've usually got great weather all year , but november is the most rainy month of all . 
  i know you 're not coming for the weather , as i 'm sure you 've got a lot of it in australia , but it 's just a warning to come prepared for rain as a backpacker . 
  anyway , what are the city and town of your ancestry ? 
  are you starting your trip there and planning to go elsewhere ? 
  as for the portuguese way of life , i have but one recommendation : as far as food goes , you will always be well served in any restaurant , and it is , to be sure , always worth the money , as long as the place looks damn awful . 
  if it looks nice , it is n't worth it !, 
  what 's wrong about the dates in brazil ? 
  notice the sign in the back ? 
  that 's portuguese . 
  this is happening in brazil . 
  yes . 
  with a round ruler so you can actually calculate distances !, 
  or , you know , a computer powerful enough to compute hyperspace algorithms . 
  is n't the point of projections to be able to calculate distances on paper ? 
  those are just farms on a hill , every civ can do those near fresh water . 
  no , terrace farms were special . 
  google an image to see how . 
  i would , but on mobile rigth now . 
  just so you know , each paragraph needs its own  . 
  are you serious ? 
  this is n't exactly eurocentric . 
  no one is saying that the world would be destroyed without europe , or anything . 
  but it would be different , surely . 
  for the best or for the worse , who knows ? 
  imagine an america filled with persians , for instance . 
  also , alexander was a conqueror , sure , but he also found many cities and tried to develop much of his new territory . 
  genghis khan , on the other hand , was n't such a peach . 
  still , without either of them , the world would also not be the same . 
  it 's pretty damn historically accurate too !, 
  as a non-american , who is ann coulter and why is she relevant ? 
  what kind of gypsy are you , an american ? 
  because this is n't actually that uncommon news ... 
  or they could have kidnapped her for all we know . 
  what ? 
  they look every bit gypsies : /, 
  in america , not in the uk . 
  what about that other guy at the time ( ca n't recall who exactly ) who said it should have been used in range of tokyo rather than actually destroying anything ? 
  to be fair , if you place metal under the sun for a while it ought to be quite hot , those poor ladies are getting burned as well as eventually raped . 
  you should xpost this to / r/travel , they 'll love it there . 
  as a bit of trivia for those who play starcraft , the overmind and the overlords of the zerg were based on childhood 's end . 
  or at least i think it was . 
  i have a question actually , if you get embargoed can you still trade with css ? 
  i would play portugal and go for science victory . 
  it makes sense because , at the time of discovery , portugal was a scientific bastion and more advanced ( at least nautically ) than the rest of europe . 
  also , scientific victory requires few cities , which , again , is portugal all over . 
  i 'd just create a few strong coastal colonies which i would , probably , conquer from african or indian civs . 
  furthermore , it would require defending the territory mostly from spain , while the rest of europe would just bloody themselves . 
  the colonies would be defended by experienced naus . 
  finally , the point of a science victory is to be the first to explore space . 
  history repeats itself !, 
  i think , historically ( apart from starting in the ancient age ) , a portuguese science victory in these conditions would make a lot of sense . 
  i suppose civs will pick whatever cities give them the most gold ( as would the player ) , unless they get more science from elsewhere . 
  if you built those in your capital , and if the other civs sort cities by gold in their trade routes panel , i suppose they would pick your capital without much convincing needed . 
  why do n't you make peace , give them all your gold , and then declare war again ? 
  maybe now they can actually afford to buy units . 
  it 's different because the french surrender and the english have bad teeth , how can you compare it with being fat ? 
  edit : ca n't tell if people ca n't read irony in mine and you_donkey _ 's post ... 
  what 's the ** b ** ? 
  it is not in my dictionary = n\u00e3o est\u00e1 no meu dicion\u00e1rio . 
  the verb ` to be ' can be thought as having two meanings : to exist as , and to , uh , be present . 
  eg , `` to be human '' , or `` to be home '' . 
  this , like in most romance languages , is said with two different verbs , ` ser ' e ` estar ' . 
  that said , your sentence `` n\u00e3o \u00e9 no meu dicion\u00e1rio '' means , roughly , not directly , `` not in my dictionary '' , while i assume you meant `` it 's not in my dictionary '' . 
  while the difference is minimal , it can show a little arrogance . 
  ` bu\u00e9 ' is an african word ( angola , i think ) which means ' a lot ' . 
  i do n't get it , why is it a good premise ? 
  you could get more with maritime city states . 
   submarines, 
  english is n't my first language : can you actually use that verb here ? 
  yes , i suppose , for instance , bouncers can gandalf people once in a while , eh ? 
  unrelated , but an austrian friend laughed when i pronounced \u00d6sterreich as ostrich ... 
  well , the dutch are just below those plains . 
  edit : i just googled this , i did n't even know there was a polandball wiki . 
  i should have read it before even posting it , but what is said is wrong . 
  apologies , and keep that in mind . 
  well i am surprised they did n't give israel some economic boon . 
  but i guess that 'd not be pc . 
  also , why is the picture used of persia or babylon ( notice the sphinx ) . 
  edit : i 'm wrong , this actually is [ king solomon ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:'the_visit_of_the_queen_of_sheba_to_king_solomon',_oil_on_canvas_painting_by_edward_poynter,_1890,_art_gallery_of_new_south_wales.jpg ) .
