  does it go up to officers ? 
  are you writing that formula to column b ? 
  you 'd get a circular error that way . 
  try this :, 
  ugh , thanks mate . 
  you 're off by a zero . 
  yes it is . 
  the name stuck forever and they 're still called that , but remember that the caribbeans were also called west india for a while . 
  to be honest , old people are always sad about changes to the status quo they 've had their all lifes . 
  we should really not care about what old people say because the world changes . 
  he does what the living can not . 
  this is a prime example of how bad redditors use upvotes . 
  the man asked a question on a serious tone that could bring a solid response as it did . 
  yet it is a controversial post as if people find it a stupid question or something of the sort . 
  please lose the urge to downvote questions , guys , there 's no such thing as stupid questions . 
  american wages are ridiculously high . 
  good on you guys !, 
  afaik only social animals would not eat one another . 
  individualistic species have no need to preserve their own kind . 
  people will look at unit price , think they 're getting a great deal and buy more than they need . 
  would rather do that than the boredom of waiting on hold with shitty music . 
  no , it 's brazil who did . 
  how about posting some back story trough a link of sorts . 
  you would be as confused if i went to danish subreddit and asked about sr. . silva . 
  basically , net neutrality means that isps can not control what you do , as they have to stay neutral . 
  losing it means they can , and they can then charge you to see stuff you want , because they are no longer neutral but an active party on your web consumption . 
  and portugal . 
  if `` everyone '' is calling her something , then perhaps there is a news article about them , or something of the sort . 
  otherwise this post leads nowhere and i ca n't allow it . 
  does n't really matter in this case , it 's just used as a division for the three branches of christianity . 
  by definition , protestants are those branches of christianity that split off from catholicism as a form of protest against catholic rites , and thus they include every christian sect that is neither catholic or orthodox ( the main ones ) . 
  that is very debatable . 
  that being said , for this map i guess it is sufficient to put it in that category . 
  yeah we have a legend about a baker woman who beat the shit out of spaniards who lost the battle of aljubarrota . 
  here 's a bit of [ folklore ] ( https://mysticalportugal.wordpress.com/2014/06/02/the-baker-of-aljubarrota/ ) about it . 
  they should still matter . 
  if not enough people vote , the elections should be cancelled and new candidates should run , or with a better program . 
  silence can speak very loudly , but nowadays it 's just silence . 
  looks like a death star 's level of weakness . 
  one tear , one hole , one sith rectangle dead . 
  delayed , yes . 
  if people do not vote it 's because they feel they 've got nothing to win , which means the system ( ie the candidates and their line of work ) is not sufficient , and new ideas must appear . 
  i 'm not sure what 's so confusing . 
  protestantism is the accepted nomenclature for christianity that is neither catholic or orthodox ... 
  but it is ... 
  i understand what you are coming at , but check the very first definition on dictionary.com about it . 
  i am not maklng this up . 
  any western christian who is not an adherent of a catholic , anglican , or eastern church . 
  an adherent of any of those christian bodies that separated from the church of rome during the reformation , or of any group descended from them . 
  ( originally ) any of the german princes who protested against the decision of the diet of speyer in 1529 , which had denounced the reformation . 
  ( lowercase ) a person who protests . 
   adjective, 
  belonging or pertaining to protestants or their religion . 
  ( lowercase ) protesting . 
  fair enough , that 's a valid point . 
  that being said , mormonism can be considered protestant despite being quite different . 
  i guess they were n't labelled as such because it was common knowledge what they were . 
  you can see they have done that for smaller territories like portuguese guinea rather than guina-bissau . 
  you know you 're in a good relationship when you can do this together , but not often enough to get fat . 
  can you not simply use if ? 
  or create a table with whatever values for whatever words you need and just use index&match or vlookup . 
  this is n't true at all , reason usually exacerbates the problem . 
  missa ao domingo \u00e0 tarde ? 
  depends on the definition . 
  afaik coimbra accent is the original as it is the one with least foreign sound and word influence . 
  but portugal 's main accent is definitely the lisbon one as it is the most widely spoken and the one that shows up on tv ( thus listened by the entire country ) the most . 
  does heinlein use grok , or you mean the martian dude ? 
  it 's probably bad to use whatever cancer substitute olive oil there is in the us tho . 
  me too thanks, 
  i 'm not sure how living in a country for a while changes your skin complexion . 
  okay , but you make it sound that you are dark ( present ) because you lived in brazil ( past ) . 
  does not make much sense . 
  i know , i am portuguese ( an actual one ) . 
  but , as i said in other post , he makes it sound like his complexion now was influenced by living in brazil in the past . 
  it 's quite interesting how the guardian sign seems to kick off the ball too . 
  i 'm not american , could you please elaborate on what authority did michelle do any of that ? 
  she is the president 's wife , sure , but she has no power for anything , right ? 
  can private citizens start initiatives on their own ? 
  or did she get a job in administration somehow ? 
  hope my question does not sound wrong , and thanks in advance . 
  this is wtf , the only nsfw thing here is titties . 
  that 's a great name for a wow themed bar , no doubt . 
  or perhaps orgribar or durobar . 
  eram os padres do aoe . 
  every order hall needs the zerg indeed . 
  fds merda de sites com videos/sons a come\u00e7ar automaticamente . 
  not just uncommon , it does not work . 
  i have no empirical idea of what a mile is , i ca n't feel it , let alone 100 . 
  yeah , that 's more or less what i do when i hear a mile , but that is not intuitive . 
  works , but not ideal at all . 
  you forget pope visited portugal on the day portugal won eurovision . 
  let me guess , trump ? 
  republicans are n't dumb , they 're selfish and greedy and very smart about it . 
  isto \u00e9 do que ? 
  much of it is raised in portugal too . 
  hence the ib\u00e9rico . 
  may as well ask here ... 
  i ca n't seem to figure out how to properly budget for savings and income , only spending ... how would i go about it ? 
  i like to keep track of our incomes to predict what i can use on the mobth , but all ynab really has is the transaction panel . 
  ooh i see .
