  ... because we all ride our bicycles in our normal trips between cities , yeah ? 
  i 'm neither fat nor out of shape ( or well , not much , like 3 to 5 kilos above my ideal weight ) , i do exercise two to three day a weeks to try and keep up , and let me tell you something about it :, 
  i absolutely detest physical exercise . 
  i find it incredibly boring and tedious , and i do it out of necessity , just like people learn math to do their tax papers . 
  going to the gym is a chore like many others a person has in life . 
  i do it because , yes , i want to be sure i do n't die early . 
  but do n't give me that bullshit that you have to be fat to harbor against that kind of lifestyle . 
  to some people , exercise is awesome . 
  to others , it 's goddamn awful . 
  as for food , i love food . 
  i avoid most fast food ( in my country this is n't hard to do ) , and plenty of sweets , but i do n't go out of my way to eat some stupid tasteless raw salad to then say how happy i am . 
  no , i will eat the entire steak with sauce and be happy about it . 
  in other words : food and the tasty things in life is what make me happy . 
  exercise and a healthy lifestyle is definitely not one of them . 
  those are nothing more than tools to ensure i can eat food ( and other funny stuff ) for as long as i can . 
  wow that 's a load of bullshit . 
  have it your way , buddy , make no sense at all , i 'm sure you 're great at predicting the weather in punxsutawney . 
   we 're gon na learn how to say `` how much for this cab ? '', 
  in the present tense, 
  you say `` quanto custa este t\u00e1xi ? 
  '' , and to answer the question , it should be , i do n't know , about 25000 $ for one , give or take . 
  you kinda rambled off the topic of the gunship , but i wish they were all done using it , specially the last one . 
  how do you use the browser to play commander in a tablet ? 
  ah , gotcha , so no way to play commander in a tablet 's browser , too bad , the app refuses to work . 
   you shave time, 
  without english as first language , i always think this is a typo people do . 
  then it makes sense . 
  and after that i think of sean connery and all is well . 
  this right here is nsfw information . 
  i do n't think they waited in line for the us border . 
  they just jumped the fence somewhere . 
  with the car . 
  common where ? 
  damnit , in my language , ` constipado ' means having a cold , i always forget what constipated means in english ... 
  est\u00e1s a falar [ disto ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/comments/1ro1y4/a_%c3%banica_equipa_portuguesa_a_participar_no_global/ ) ? 
  it 's not the menu , it 's the 1 death to your stats . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong about posting it . 
  site favorito do m\u00e1rio soares . 
  well at least you 're polite just like the other one . 
  we 're so young , big and diverse !, 
  is that david tennant ? 
  / s just in case . 
  was that a doctor who reference ? 
  sorry , [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=mxfviuo0hbq#t=153 ) , `` hey , who turned out the lights ? 
  i have pretty much the same as you , my graphics board is a gt 745m , and i can run bf4 no problemo . 
  i can even try ultra settings if i want , but my fps would just drop . 
  i play with everything on low just for the fps ( 60ish ) , but you can play better settings no problem . 
  make sure you have windows 8.1 . 
  so metroids are the girls here , yes ? 
  not really , no , those would just be either 0.1 mili - and 0.01 mili - or 100 micro - and 10 micro - respectively . 
  yeah , why 32 bit ? 
  hey , sure , i 'm up for a few games , i 'm also a medic myself but i can play other stuff no problem ( except sniping , i suck at that , could n't hit a boulder rolling towards me even if my life depended on it ) . 
  anyway , i 'm on mobile right now but go ahead and add me instead , i 'll join ya in a game whenever i can ( probably not today , sorry :( ) . 
  i like it . 
  edit : does n't work :(, 
  so what happened with the guy who spawned on you ? 
  well , two things :, 
  that 's a rather generic tag , maybe rdit or something of the sort would be better . 
  what is a tag and how do i use it ? 
  edit : had a brainfart there , i thought a tag was something else , like a spray tag ... 
  do n't know if this helps or if it is related at all ( may well be update issues ) , but i did get a couple black screens and disconnects once in a while ( not crashes , at least not the `` your game has crashed '' window type ) . 
  i read somewhere that starting test range first and then minimizing the game and joining a server the usual way will help . 
  and it did , for me . 
  might be retarded question , but is there a way to copy an entire page or did you just copy and paste 4 screen grabs on photoshop ? 
  i 'm portuguese but it 's about the same : limpa ( clean , wipe ) , para ( stop , as in shield ) , brisas ( breeze , wind ) . 
  as for `` zanahoria '' , `` cenoura '' , it comes from the arab , back when the iberian peninsula was moorish . 
  did you try sending a grenade over the wall ? 
  metal moon , is that the death star ? 
  nice to see that place has family pictures . 
  what do you mean , floating ? 
  was it dead , swimming , or what ? 
  english is n't my first language so this may be a very stupid question , i know ... 
  also , http://www.movenoticias.com/2013/11/1o-festival-de-francesinha-de-lisboa/#.up92bmrdvru, 
  try joining the test server first , and then joining a new server , without leaving test server ( just minimize ) . 
  i know this looks stupid but i swear it worked for me . 
  by the end of the video you had your own rooftop camper jump out anyway !, 
  i have no fucking clue either . 
  i had the same problem and googled around , saw that and , sure , thought it was silly , but since nothing else worked , why not ? 
  it 's a bit annoying to have to join the test range everytime , but oh well . 
  anyone has any clue why it works ? 
  just noticed your second edit . 
  that 's odd , it works everytime for me , as long as i join test range first ... 
  the thing i love the most about these videos is the following ` wat ' reaction . 
  how to play medic , you could fill other roles as assault really . 
  but yeah , this is how i really enjoy playing bf4 too , exactly the way you play it too . 
  i really enjoyed how you waited for someone to die to immediately ress him but that , while quite clever , is a bit morbid , poor guy . 
  plus , if the enemy keeps shooting he 'd just die again !, 
  what 's with the ` austrias ' ? 
  is that a reference to that comic where angolaball purchased the spanish ` principe de las austrias ' carrier ? 
  oh i get it now , yeah , the habsburg being called ` of austria ' also happened in portugal . 
  `` muche '' - ignor\u00e2ncia do portugu\u00eas . 
  elected monarchy . 
   portugal you bitches we beat you last time we played you in the wc !, 
  so , uh , you jacked us off or what ? 
  yes . 
  same specs , but a 745m , have the same issue . 
  i guess they just are n't sure how these boards work with bf4 . 
  i just have everything on low for fps anyway . 
  see , the admin is complaining about ` noob ' not being an english word . 
  we have to start spamming so it enters the oxford dictionary like ` selfie ' .
