   `` when western countries would make war games in the past , they would settle on russia if they needed an imaginary enemy , '' the article read . 
  `` but in recent years , with the boosting of china 's national strength , china threat theories run rampant , and foreign companies are increasingly keen to put the sino-us conflict in their games as a gimmick to attract attention . 
  it 's okay if russia was the enemy , but china ? 
  nooo . 
  brave new world expansion . 
  esl here , you say kidneys as kid-nees ? 
  i 've always thought it was kid-naise ... 
  third add to cart down . 
  i love the wrapped submarine !, 
  sealand can into halo !, 
  what 's the picture in the frame ? 
  we use sr. in present portugal . 
  might be portuguese . 
  what about a drone that kills civilians units hidden in cities/under a military unit ? 
  that seems real . 
  you imagine your husband is naive . 
  who knows what will happen this christmas ? 
  i can see why clara looked scared there . 
  what , you 're either british or american here ? 
  read that as shooting music . 
  if you look at the clock in the side or the time in the bottom you get an idea of how slow it is . 
  i guess it 's because it may not be water at all , it could be some colorless explosive liquid . 
  shit , i thought it was picked ... 
  damnit , english language !, 
  the white part is the city of lisbon , the rest is the metropolitan area . 
  reclamam do qu\u00ea exactamente ? 
  til obama does n't speak spanish . 
  these questions sadden me as my father also had seven children , and it 's awesome . 
  ... shit , i thought it was a couch with some ugly ass pattern . 
  i see what you 're saying , but have you noticed that this is the title of the article , and it 's not actually related to / r/politics ? 
   son of zeus and hercules . 
  uhm . 
  i think i see what you did there ... 
  what trade route bonus ? 
  i thought that was removed in bnw ? 
  it 's very obvious he was . 
  poor guy . 
  but sicily is in the first map . 
  i have no idea how you deduce that since there is no aegean coast in italy . 
  you meant adriatic sea . 
  or maybe ionian sea . 
  or ligurian sea ? 
  either way , they 're all mediterranean . 
  that 's funny , because the portuguese word for pink is rose , because roses are pink . 
  or at least some roses are pink . 
  america and the great sovereign nation of terror . 
  comrade general should be a title . 
  no offense , but i prefer the other guy who took pictures of his girlfriend 's butt . 
  did the game take 5 minutes ? 
  at nearly 2000 spm , to reach his close to 10000 score , it had to . 
  gib attempt of anschluss , but gib monies first . 
  we ca n't see all beliefs here , can we ? 
  i mean , the scroll in the side still shows something else is in there . 
  and like most currencies , which are decimal . 
   we became an incorporated territory, 
  from wikipedia :, 
  guam ( listeni / \u02c8\u0261w\u0251\u02d0m / ; chamorro : gu\u00e5h\u00e5n ) is an organized , ** unincorporated territory ** of the united states in the western pacific ocean . 
  so which one is it ? 
  i 'll admit i had no idea guam was a us territory ( i 'm not american if that serves as an excuse ) . 
  it 's a lagoon , with water from a sea , not an ocean . 
  video games . 
  shit , this is such awesome sportsmanship . 
  what about lord of the dicteria ? 
  you speak italian ? 
  why raging barbs ? 
  this is a retarded question , but how do you even change the turn time limit ? 
  why would anyone think that ? 
  this is great , i hope you find your dog . 
  you should ask this in / r/portugal for more visibility . 
  how much is too cold , though ? 
  it 's not the best time of the year to visit portugal , that 's for sure , february is one of the most rainy and colder months of the year . 
  that said , it 's a bit unpredictable at what exactly how much rain will happen . 
  it can either rain a lot or nothing at all , and anything in between . 
  as for cold , it 'll hardly reach 7 \u00b0 c ( 45ish f ) in lisbon during the day , but it can go below in the night ( not below freezing point , though , that 's very rare ) . 
  keeping in mind that our houses are not insulated ( it would be suicide to do so , as our summers are very hot ) , you could be facing some cold nights . 
  there are colder regions , though . 
  so it also depends what you wish to visit . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/civ/comments/1rcnxq/the_spanish_gamble/ ) . 
  tl ; dr : scout with both your warrior and your first settler till you find a natural wonder , and settle close to it . 
  even if you lose a lot of turns , it can be possible to get it back just for how powerful spain 's ua is . 
  i do n't mean to sound snarky , but what else would we use , considering we do n't use the imperial system at all ? 
  in case someone does n't get it , malekith , the dark elf villain of thor : the dark world film , is played by christopher eccleston . 
  so you 're a big guy , eh ? 
  i 'd say he probably went to school somewhere not america , or the uk , or any anglophone country . 
  it 's not about the school system , it 's about the definition of iq . 
  each invented its type of football and are better at it , too !, 
  which projection is this , i 'm too used to mercator ... 
  oh , okay then , everyone , the world is safe because smilge is seeing bees in his corner of the world , nothing to worry about !, 
  do n't want to sound like an asshole : did you mean extinction , or what is extension in this regard ( not anglophonic ) . 
  classes of 250 , wtf . 
  how can you get anything done ? 
  a lorry . 
  with only two cities , i suppose op started in the medieval era . 
  build maxu pichu . 
  one tile to the right and it would be a perfect location . 
  i wish i had a day off to write about portugal . 
  there 's just so much to say for such a small country . 
  our food is good . 
  like , really good . 
  and healthy at it .
