  but i 'm really only guessing here . 
  mais concretamente : http://www.sleepinginairports.net/europe/lisbon.htm, 
  nope , it can be beef or even chicken . 
  \u00c9 o olho do ass . 
  ah man , where do i get a giant ball that can do algebra , even if at a basic level ? 
  shit , now i want to see it for all heroes . . 
  kfc ? 
  oh cool , thanks !, 
  is not empty , is full of saudade . 
  etc kept fucking up but redeemed in the end . 
   parkour is the french ~ ~ martial ~ ~ marital art of retreating quickly . 
  ftfy, 
  how is fenix similar to leoric ? 
  you just blew my mind , never realised kratos ( from gow ) could be translated to ruler !, 
  of course i can spot you , you 're the goddamn loch ness monster !, 
  it 's not that , it 's that being born in china is the equivalent of reincarnation hell . 
  went there two weeks ago ( paris ) and noticed it as well , but it never crossed my mind it would work as a reddit post . 
  there would have been internacional pressure to stop it . 
  not devastated , but it is not unreasonable to think it could have been even better if everyone used a world standard all the time . 
  this has been answered already ... 
  but it 's simple : outside is generally wetter and , more important , there 's a big fireball heating everything up directly . 
  two weeks of salary buys you a laptop ? 
  man sometimes living in a poor country really blows ... 
  about 500 $ a month . 
  which is about half of what a decent laptop costs . 
  that said , i earn more than that , but if i was able to use all my earnings for things i want , i 'd be okay , but there 's so much that 's gone as cost of life ( house , utilitiea , food , etc ) , i can save maybe 200 $ a month . 
  i have one already . 
  but that 's just what i said , what takes me half a year takes op , apparently , two weeks :p, 
  edit : also computers here are a lot more expensive than in the us . 
  everything is imported , it costs maybe twice the price . 
  nationalism , or blind patriotism , is a bad thing because it can lead people to do evil things as their duty to their country and because they believe to be superior to others . 
  examples are abundant in recent world history , even in very recent american history . 
  as you very well said , it was the triangle trade that we invented , not slave trade . 
  africans enslaved themselves . 
  granted that doing business with them perpretuated that slavery , but we did not invent it . 
  doem-me as costas s\u00f3 de ver o banco mais alto que o volante ... 
  there is not a single thing in human history , no matter how horrific , that interferes with my ability to sleep . 
  false guilt does not affect me . 
  that said , please do contribute better to the discussion , your post is useless and unnecessery . 
  some people write it that way , it 's as wrong as writing $ 300 really . 
  it 's not far more wrong , it 's just different . 
  some languages are read from right to left , some from bottom to top . 
  get off your horse and just accept it . 
  a chileeng story ... 
   `` have you donated money to a charity in the past month ? '', 
  what do you mean , you play as artanis in sc vanilla ? 
  was the leader of the protoss that destroyed the overmind ( ie the player ) canonically artanis ? 
  realmente , que exagero de downvotes mal usados . 
  i dunno , moving england and scotland sounds like a pretty though job , even for an irishman . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  black people . 
  the eight ball is literally the black ball . 
  not particullary , it 's just used for black-skinned people , generally meaning africans . 
  much like 3 ball for native north americans ( red skin ) , 7 for native south americans ( brown skins ) and 6 for aliens ( green skin ) . 
  you should read about black legend . 
  it was a very successful propaganda that even now fools people from the anglo-saxonic world . 
  okay , was not entitely sure about redskins , thanks . 
  preconceptual judgement , which does exist in portugal , is not based on race and skin color but rather on culture and way of life . 
  if you dress , speak and act differently than a normal portuguese , then you are different and people will think differently of you . 
  this can lead to discrimination , sure , but not always . 
  youtube . 
  is there even any dead that speaks english in the first place ? 
  i 'm sure the harvard team won the debate later in the shower . 
  not if they behave like portuguese . 
  but that one is no goat ... 
  also the last one made me laugh , thanks for the video !, 
  qual \u00e9 a capital do interior ? 
  i disagree about the skin colour , although i admit i can be wrong . 
  as for accent , that is culture as i mentioned . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't exist , only that it is n't so much about skin colour ( although it also may matter , of course ) but rather about cultural traits such as clothing , language/accent and overall manerisms . 
  we 're not perfect to be sure . 
  the world does n't use white eggs for the most part . 
  no it is n't , it is entirely calculable . 
  you can know the exact position of earth in a billion years . 
  what is hard to predict is if there 'll be anything in the path between you and your target eventually . 
  if anything at all changes the path of earth , then chances are it is such a great force that aliens do n't really have to worry about shooting it . 
  edit : ou os americanos , se quiseres . 
  meh , i 'm sure there 's lots of diversity there , it just ca n't be compared to other millenia old , densely populated civilisations . 
  i 'm from an ancient european city . 
  this is a normal sight to me , for the rich at least . 
  that is not wine , that is liquor . 
  wine with liquor added then . 
  it 's the other say around , my friend . 
  the portuguese language is older and has more sounds than spanish . 
  he did read the comment and responded accordingly . 
  you , on the other hand , did not . 
  no , technically they are not . 
  i always soak because i know it is important , but exactly how giant are they ? 
  experimenta a stromboli . 
  no offense , op , but you should have looked for what is used in each country rather than just googling it . 
  i really mean no offense , i understand how you can get abacaxi for portuguese , but that is not how we say it . 
  that numbers do n't mean to much to non-us , is that a good or bad salary ? 
  apparently it 's got to do with some shady app . 
  if you could live in portugal with french wages ( work online , for instance ) , would you do it ? 
  why , or why not ? 
  i 've met plenty of foreigners who do this but i ca n't recall any frenchman . 
  mas se preferires \u00e9 humor que doi . 
  he 's showing you that you can have something illegal that wo n't land you in prison for years unless you have precedents or hurt somebody . 
  speeding is a good example . 
  and that 's what should happen with drugs .
