  as i said , you did add your own stuff after . 
  would be much worse if it sounded like viewers ca n't read , 
  yes . 
  there 's a [ reason ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isaac_newton%27s_religious_views ) he 's in judas place !, 
  what else would she thank ? 
  if the other guy did n't believe in fairy tales that would have not worked so technically it was god indeed who scared the fiend away !, 
  i 've first seen this comic in portuguese some years ago . 
  it 's funny how blaming teachers is a global thing !, 
  this needs to be emphasized ( ie upvotes ) : if all christians suddenly disappeared , i would much more likely attribute it to an alien expedition capturing specimen for its freak show than to the existence of god , exactly because this rapture idea is so recent that it mocks the 1800 years of christianity before it . 
  what 's bs in there actually supposed to mean ? 
  if they 're intelligent enough to travel to other solar systems , they 're intelligent enough to know we 're still at a low civilization level and ca n't control our evolutionary urges . 
   during `` operation georgette '' , when the german army attacked his division , milhais stood up with his lewis machine gun and defeated , almost single handedly , two german assaults by laying down intense fire . 
  he managed to cover the retreat of portuguese and scots alike despite coming under heavy attack himself . 
  he fired in all directions and stayed at his post until he ran out of ammunition . 
  his bravery under severe circumstances managed to convince the germans that they were up against a fortified unit rather than just a single portuguese soldier with a machine gun . 
  finally , the germans decided to go around and milhais found himself alone in the rear of the enemy lines where he stayed for three days almost without eating or drinking . 
  how is ignorance a good point ? 
  sure , my mother loves bovine brain . 
  but since mad cow disease she 's stoped doing it . 
  it is ignorance of the scientific process . 
  scientists do n't write papers because they believe things work that way . 
  they work really hard to provide at least the minimum theoretical calculations required for their hypothesis , and that is only the beggining . 
  their models and theories will not be validated untill they can be observed fully functioning repeated times . 
  and even then they can be wrong . 
  they can be proven wrong by their peers or even themselves . 
  comparing that to accepting the infallible word of god because of what some sheperds wrote thousands of years ago is absolute ignorance . 
  edit : reading below , i do n't mean this in an offensive tone . 
  but i do think comparing scientists work to a religious book is rather insulting for those men and women of science . 
  science is n't easy work you know ? 
  i do n't usually call out a repost , but when i do i provided a better [ [ fixed ] ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/nj1sd ) version !, 
  why would an old black man care what his mother says ? 
  it 's all good and stuff , but his response makes me wonder how many lines he actually read . 
  not really , keep in mind that the lower educated are always a majority thus shifting the average number into lower values . 
  the life of brian just would n't be the same without that voice !, 
  unfortunately , he 's not the stupid one . 
  call him google , man 's best friend . 
  this would make sense if the patient was still sick and their family was still hoping . 
  but if he is already better , why hold up ? 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.sanitaryum.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/men-vs-women_-shopping.jpg ) accurate image , your man would still have to wait a long time after finishing doing his business . 
  i know this is a rant , but do n't take it personally if i correct you on a few things . 
  first , you should understand what agnosticism actually is . 
  it 's not a stance on belief , as you make it sound , but a stance on knowledge . 
  you 're agnostic about the existence of god ( s ) , meaning you do n't think it can be known 100 % sure , but you seem to be atheist - or even antitheist for that matter , meaning you 're on the not believing side of the spectre . 
  so , do n't apologize for putting it here , because this is where it belongs , 
  second , you 're probably american ( saying ` our country ' in an international forum always gives it away ) , so [ here ] ( http://www.activistpost.com/2010/08/10-signs-us-is-becoming-third-world.html ) 's something to anger you some more . 
  the more angry you are the more likely it is you 'll be doing something other than ranting !, 
  nobody said he 's dieing because of his condition . 
  oh , fail on my side . 
  i guess somebody did say he 's dieing because of his condition . 
  my bad . 
  sure , here 's an upvote , but why not just discard everything anyway ? 
  you 're not supposed to leave trash in the room are you ? 
  one word : geography . 
  now was this post really needed ? 
  sigh . 
  your situation truly saddens me , that you must hide your very self from family . 
  on the other hand , your stoic attitude towards it is quite inspiring . 
  we 're here for you !, 
  do n't worry , there was no upsetting here . 
  i 'm the one to apologize if you felt like that . 
  you 're asking the wrong question . 
  what is our justification for not needing a higher power would be better . 
  had you ask that , i could say that i have absolutely no need of help to be a good , helpful human being , and to be in awe at the wonders of the seemingly random natural world . 
  god has no role to play in my life because i simply do n't need it . 
  maybe you should have rephrased your post then . 
  not everyone is an academic , so yes , the western world , which is constituted mostly by ordinary people , is embarrassed of the us fundamentalism . 
  also , why do you say it 's the us where academics belittle ( probably not the correct word , sorry :( ) christianity ? 
  what is your logic here ? 
  i quite doubt they 'll publish the actual results , but i took it anyway . 
  not even being american . 
  for science !, 
  this is a scientific term . 
  the word theory is well defined , it does n't mean ` random guess ' . 
  besides , is n't ` process of evolution ' just repeating yourself ? 
  a pleonasm , i think that 's the word . 
  if i tell you you 're agnostic , what would you say ? 
  it 's sort of a trap !, 
  oh my , i do have a black couch !, 
   you do n't have to be religious to be a theist . 
  heh , took you sometime to answer !, 
  indeed i had asked because you do n't live in the bible belt or some crazy place like that . 
  that situation is normal to all of us normal people , it 's those crazy americans that make a big deal out of christmas for no good reason !, 
  it 's good to live in a tolerant country , right ? 
  not unless you got a girl pregnant . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's been years since i was taught evolution - we learn it at something like 5th grade here , and i have no idea how it is in the us . 
  other than semantics to keep the trolls away , what exactly would be the difference between teaching the processes and the theory , which by definition already contains all the processes in it ? 
  it 's the wrong approach . 
  people should be educated to what theory means . 
  it 's not a guess , it 's a set of peer-reviewed calculations done by experts that accurately explain and/or predict things . 
  in the end , think about it , the most probable outcome of doing what you propose is that they would be offended by what looks like being patronized . 
  i wonder what part of the brain immediatly links the word spoiler with the urge of reading what 's next :(, 
  show them religion as what it is : a part of humanity 's cultural heritage that is disappearing . 
  as long as you show them how to be good without god , to be inquisitive and in awe of the natural world for its seemingly random beauty , i reckon you should be fine . 
  still , good topic , this one . 
  i 'm quite curious to see other opinions so i can learn as well . 
  you did that from the very beggining of the post , mate , 
  were you concieved while your parents were watching it ? 
  the world ` believe ' is used way too often to be taken seriously . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is normal in almost every father-son relationships . 
  is n't it ?
