  soooo how can i get a great prophet like yours ? 
  did n't get it either . 
  been posted below that only three black people ever raced it , so i guess that 's it , yeah . 
  it 's called a sandwich because it 's two pieces of breads with stuff in it . 
  but it 's a mess to eat , to be sure . 
  you need fork and knife and it still may fall apart . 
  but it 's worth it . 
  they are n't everywhere . 
  wait , call me ignorant , because i kinda am , but i thought that was the protestant way , destined to hell , but can have atonement trough labour , whereas catholics , everyone goes to heaven anyway , as long as they 're sorry for what they did . 
  which i ca n't see babies doing !, 
  edit : to the guy who actually called me ignorant and deleted it afterwards , sorry for those downvotes you got . 
  i thought it was funny . 
  check the top submission , 
  see , this was what my catholic education ( live in a catholic country ) was all about , while being told that protestants believed we were doomed but if they worked enough they 'd atone for the original sin , which would even explain why the anglo-saxonic countries have better work ethic than us . 
  hence my original question . 
  it is very confusing . 
  it 's consumed everywhere , but mostly in the north . 
  i 'd have no problems saying over 90 % of the country 's francesinhas are eaten above espinho , really . 
  it 's just that i can think of more places in lisbon with francesinhas than places in porto without them . 
  be that as it may , the sentence `` consumed mostly in the north '' is still correct . 
  i 'm still not 100 % sure , but the great library grants you two tech boost ( provided you have no library built yet ) , yeah ? 
  `` yeah ... you like that , you fucking retard ? '', 
  the cheese that is usually used is [ flamengo ] ( http://www.merceariaemcasa.pt/3257-large_default/queijo-flamengo-mimosa.jpg ) . 
  unfortunately , i do n't know the right translation for it , other than saying that flamengo is flemish , so it 's probably a cheese from the netherlands similar to the gouda cheese . 
  that 's one unhealthy dish out of ten thousand healthy dishes . 
  america 's probably the other way around . 
  you mean like [ asos ] ( #b `` squatting over their chamber pots '' ) ? 
  it was unexpected . 
  i 'm not american , what do you mean about hot topic ? 
  what buildings ? 
  i do n't think they do , but now i 'm not sure . 
  they do affect sea resources that spawn in it by accident , but not the tile itself . 
  why ? 
  that was great , loved the weapon details too . 
  also , english speakers ca n't say pedro for shit . 
  they 're indian , actually . 
  it 's probably a doll . 
  well , i hope your family is a decent , honest one , and that you all try and have jobs . 
  because , i 'm sorry to say this , but there are just way too many gypsy families that uphold dishonest behaviours because it pays off . 
  which is why people are so careful about the roma around here . 
  and because they do n't bath for days . 
  gone is not the same as exterminated . 
  i wish those roma with the thieving culture ( not all of them have that ) had their own country and out of mine , but i do n't want them dead . 
  fair enough . 
  was pointing out their origins in case someone did n't know . 
   they are born into a crap life with people shitting all over them before they can leave the cot . 
  you are just wrong here . 
  people do n't shit them all over , they are given plenty of opportunities , they are given homes , they are given education , they are given subsidies to survive . 
  they are the ones who fuck themselves up by raising their children as thieves . 
  you might think i 'm stereotyping here , but i really am not . 
  their culture is a thieving one . 
  they have no respect for the propriety of others whatsoever , and they will take what they can out of a place . 
  my brother did volunteer work for the city hall once and he told me stories of houses , actual stone-made apartment buildings , that were initially furnished and all the good stuff . 
  he went to an entire building and all the houses had lost the furniture , they had lost the floor tiles , they had lost all the pipes and wires in sight and even some walls were broken up for them to steal the rest . 
  so your comment is full of ignorance . 
  you 're spewing out garbage because you hear one thing on reddit and judge us based on your experience . 
  but you are wrong . 
  the gypsies deserve all the hatred they get , because they are the ones who make themselves being hated . 
  if you come to europe and try to interact with them for long , i will assure you that realising how their 5 years old already try to steal you will break your heart , and you will understand what an evil culture it is . 
  roma is n't a nationality . 
  i wish it was , and they 'd all go to wherever romaland would be . 
  it 's very sad to talk to americans about the roma . 
  i always get judged as a bigot when i 'm not one at all , but the gypsies , as a whole and not just as individuals , are a real problem in europe , as you could see for yourself . 
  mods will do that . 
  like poland with polders . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is mostly a language issue . 
  roma and gypsie are pretty much synonyms in plenty of other languages than english . 
  as such , i do n't think it really is that important . 
  i mean , i understand what you 're saying , but of all the issues at hand , this one is n't at the top at all . 
  for instance , in my own language , roma is the ethnicity , but they are still ciganos . 
  there are no other people called that . 
  in fact , more often than not , they are said to be of the cigano ethnicity even on the news . 
  no , romania is not the nation of the roma , it is the nation of the romanian . 
  they are not the same people , at all . 
  that said , the names are very similar , and it 's the country with the most roma in europe , possibly for that very reason , which is why most people actually think romania is the country of the roma . 
  yeah i 've covered below that , in my language , gypsies = roma . 
  hence the confusion . 
   becoming aware of the relevant facts of a case . 
  i assure you , we are all too aware of the relevant cases of the evils of gypsy culture . 
  it is a nasty , thieving culture . 
  it 's not the people per se , it 's their culture that is really , really bad . 
  their values are nothing like the societies they try to steal from . 
  but it is not their ethnicity , it is their culture . 
  yes , their culture is an indicator of criminality because it is a culture of thieves . 
  i 'm not kidding , they are raised to steal and scam . 
  you 'd know that if you saw the 5 years old stealing with your own eyes . 
  and this is n't due to famine , as their parents often ride bmws . 
  see , now that 's prejudice , way to be a hypocrite . 
  i have met many a gypsy , i assure you . 
  i grew up with a few troublemakers in school . 
  they told me what their education is about . 
  but good job assuming you know me . 
  exactly , the uneasiness of assimilation comes from them , not just from the rest of society , who more often than not provide them with free homes and subsidies , and free education for their children . 
  this is a language issue . 
  in english , gypsy and romani are not the same , but they are the same in many languages . 
  if you think gypsies are poor you 're very much misguided . 
  you 're right , my experience does n't mean all of them are scum . 
  neither does your mean that they 're all nice . 
  anecdotal evidence is not evidence , yes . 
  but since many more people in this reddit thread seem to have issues with them rather than throw around nice stories , i 'd wager it 's much more probable that my experiences are closer to the overall truth than yours .
