  = match ( b1 , a$ 1 : a$ 10000,0 ), 
  then just filter rows with numbers in column c and delete them all . 
  edit :, 
  to prevent blank cells issues . 
  = if ( not ( isblank ( b1 ) ) , match ( b1 , a$ 1 : a$ 10000,0 ) , na ( ) ), 
  which only provides for op 's point as it would be related to the old gods , not the legion . 
  did you even read his post ? 
  tl ; dr : game is in ptolemaic kingdom with possible flashbacks to ancient egypt . 
  so everyone who does n't speak english ? 
  yeah i have no idea what they mean with passive-agressive . 
  it 's neither really . 
  he 's actively explaining his view without any aggression to it . 
  perhaps it is indeed an american view ? 
  smileys can have warts too . 
  devia marcar como nsfw , especialmente junto da hora do almo\u00e7o . 
  the tilde is clearly an integral . 
  what does that mean ? 
  it bothers me a wee bit that the third panel 's picture is before the second panel . 
  dlc material right there . 
  not sure how to say it , english is n't my language , but the second panel 's painting is clearly after the third panel 's . 
  i 'm guessing whatever is happening in china . 
  esquisitos de weird ou esquisitos de exquisite ? 
  scientists are not practical people , they are great at theorising what could happen , why and how , but they need some time to think and are nabs at adapting . 
  i should know , am one . 
  engineers , on the other hand , generally have no real clue why anything actually happens , but are excellent at adapting and making shit work in ways it puzzles us most of the time . 
  because you never really know . 
  cada vez mais sofisticado , nazi . 
  are you on your phone ? 
  hit the desktop version link below . 
  foreign here , is there a reason for may to be floating ? 
  edit : de t-shirt azul escura ... 
  believe it or not , it could have been caused by a drop of water serving as lens for solar focus on an extremely dry combustible material . 
  spontaneous fires can and will happen . 
  the firefighters have sufficient funding ( they could always use more , obviously ) , it 's the forest sappers ( professional forest cleaners ) who do not and lack of regulation on terrain cleaning on which the state itself is the prime culprit . 
  the forests just are n't properly maintained and so fires can easily start . 
  i quite like this map as pretty much all korok seeds have a picture and text explaining where to get it . 
  however , it used to save and hide completed items for a while but all of a sudden the it reset and everything was back on the map ... 
  i 'm not searching for anything , i simply want a map i can mark shit i found and this map is faulty at that . 
  \u00c9 por ser extremamente pouco eficiente que \u00e9 dispendioso . 
  is that because all signs are lost there ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they are going to use the appearance of a giant planet as an introduction for next expansion . 
  something like that will have a huge effect on tides . 
  you mean american dad material . 
  or german . 
  hey op , you might know the answer to this :, 
  say i want to calculate sunrise and sunset times for something ( for example , to determine tmin hour , assuming it was at sunrise ) . 
  i 'm assuming noaa 's website always calculates using utc so would i always need to add the time zone ? 
  sounds a bit clunky for scientific data to have politics involved , perhaps a better method would be to add longitude/15 \u00b0 ( as 1hr = 15 \u00b0 ) ? 
  thanks . 
  was this cj a train magnate by any chance ? 
  or did she miss that particular track ? 
  i guess he can change size at will . 
  if you run sunwell you 'll see he can be pretty big . 
  as an european , the title is incredibly misleading . 
  was like , eh , 11 % , that 's not much . 
   i always drive aggressively . 
  what do you mean ? 
  temperature . 
  just in time for the homeworld promotion . 
  it 's not a matter of race , it 's a matter of shitty culture . 
  i 'm guessing it 's a persian immortal . 
  did you miss rogue on purpose ? 
  o que te interessa \u00e9 o navegante urbano :, 
  need cash to invest on ethereum ... 
  am on my cellphone right now so i ca n't give you the exact code but you could base it on the below :, 
  = and ( not ( int ( a1 ) = a1 ) , int ( a1 * 2 ) = a1 * 2 ), 
  basically , if the number is not whole but its double is , then you have a number with 0.5 . 
  waves have highs and lows , and sometimes two waves can have highs ( crests ) at the same time and they add up . 
  what happened is that one bigger wave was moving in one direction , another smaller wave was moving in the opposite direction and started climbing the first one , and then reached its crest attached the crest of the other one and all that energy just exploded . 
  que falta de civismo : /, 
  authored by william duplessie . 
  username dupledupe . 
  `` i think this article is nice '' . 
  dude ... 
  is n't his instagram account in the image counting as giving credit ? 
  what if , as has been said , the lord of ravens is odyn who wants to fight the old gods because , in the end , that 's exactly what his reason to be is . 
  true . 
  fair enough . 
   sabe-se que os riscos seriam calculados , mas seria o suficiente para tornar uma viagem num [ pesadelo ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2017/06/25/asia/air-asia-flight-turns-back-technical-issue/index.html ) . 
  ah , yes , the [ singing towers ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d8/flag_of_lisboa.svg/2000px-flag_of_lisboa.svg.png ) of lisbon . 
  parolice , in a nutshell . 
  eh , i still think us ... 
  i keep getting a `` you 've done this too much today , repeat every 24h '' on gdax even though i only do it once per year . 
  bullshit sites . 
  is this like the met of meta ? 
  he did n't state currency . 
  you would n't get a good beer for $ 3 tho , that 's way too expensive . 
  in some countries at least . 
  is that for cards or actual bank account transfer ? 
  yeah okay , that sucks arse : /, 
  good thing gas is cheaper in the states . 
  can someone explain the basics of what walls are ? 
  the other day someone explained about the double bottom being a show of what people could think the security is worth in the bottom line , but what about walls ? 
  is it a way for the market to say `` you shall not pass this value '' , or what ? 
  because at the moment it feels like most people are trying to profit of the $ 300 wall , so i 'm just trying to understand some reasoning out of it . 
  thanks . 
  yeah i was precisely looking at that graph on gdax and was wondering what the reasoning for them is . 
  so it can both be the market ( because , say , people think the $ 300 landmark value will land a profit and want to sell asap ) , as well as one ( or a number of ) investors trying to keep the price low so they can buy more , yeah ? 
  edit : interesting how the wall on gdax just vanished . 
  i work with climate date , 7 gb of raw data is n't that much really .
