  third kill . 
  but it was 100 % drop rate back then ... 
  it is the definition of meme . 
  katrina looters were great memers . 
  commenting because it is required , but good luck to everyone !, 
  the assassins would kill for the recipe . 
  i said this once before :, 
  a giant planet is bound to do some damage to azeroth 's tides . 
  and what lurks under said tides ? 
  you do n't know what effects the portal may have . 
  it 's a magic game with a giant space portal . 
  saying bad argument is a silly thing to do , mr. paladin !, 
  it 's okay because it 's the blacks tho . 
  you ca n't possibly comprehend the diversity of infant mortality in the us . 
  yes , my wife is 23.45 % yorupean-american and we saw it with our own god-given eyes in nyc ( capital city of the world diversity ) even tho neither of us has ever set foot in america . 
   i 'm wondering , what if these were all images of titan-influenced worlds , so the titans could watch over them all at once this also looks similar to the place where this image is set . 
  can not see the first image ( access denied ) , please rehost it . 
  thank you . 
  as for that very point , it 's not just similar , i 'm pretty sure that is the actual seat of the pantheon :, 
  the achievement for defeating aggramar and argus the unmaker has that name ( [ link ] ( http://ptr.wowhead.com/achievement=11991/seat-of-the-pantheon ) ) ;, 
  the models for the titans look exactly the same as in that image ( [ link ] ( https://www.icy-veins.com/forums/topic/31811-patch-73-antorus-the-pantheon/ ) ) . 
  i 'm guessing that will be the final phase , where we are transported into the sotp , where we lock away all of the titans . 
  nothing says it 's fixed in space so we may even lock it inside argus ( or who knows ) . 
  amanthul himself says that :, 
   voice of amanthul : we will use the last glimmer of argus 's power to bind him here . 
  the seat of the pantheon shall become sargeras 's prison ... and ours as well . 
  seven thrones , seven titans , 
  ep\u00e1 ... 
  ama verificado , 
  that is way too much fucking butter . 
  delicious !, 
   it 's a country that 's quite popular in western culture and the issues i mention are connected to some of the country 's deeply rooted issues which are not often discussed . 
  best korea !, 
  obviously , the joke was lost because it was a telephone call and ryan could n't see tony 's hand movements . 
  is that what the very first thing was ? 
  why was it not written ? 
  in portugal it 's a chinese monkey . 
  darth vader for sure . 
  only because every fucking trashy post on reddit is about walmart . 
  [ the biggest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_companies_by_revenue ) . 
  but i had never heard about it before coming to reddit . 
  well thankfully these are n't hydrogen ballons . 
  while that is very likely , they could just have always been a democracy and their elected head of state gets to wear fancy clothes and call themselves a monarch , just as most of our democracies chose to call our elected head of state gets to wear a fancy suit/work dress and call themselves president . 
  yeah , i still do n't get it : /, 
   in closing , it 's worth pointing out that medieval people absolutely understood the problems of `` dirty water '' from pollution , and that dirty water could be cleansed by boiling . 
  a 14th century letter supposedly from a spanish doctor to his sons at university in toulouse rattles off the local water sources that are known to be bad ( wells , a river , etc ) , and then reminds the reader ( s ) not to drink water from those sources unless it is boiled ( `` cooked '' ) . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  any idea how they got that knowledge ? 
  furthermore , would they cook stuff in dirty water knowing that boiling it would `` purify '' it , or would they still prefer clean water for stews and stuff ? 
  achas ? 
  but the castles were n't sieged , they were taken . 
  actually , depending on what he wanted it was clever . 
  this way he told his sister what kind of powers he has by letting her know the details something she 'll never forget as well as letting her know he is no longer her little brother but something much larger . 
  it was a bit insensitive tho , sure . 
  it 's hard to explain . 
  on this matter , i wonder if sam 's actual reward was to copy all the secret , ancient books on everything the archmaester may deem important for his cause . 
  just so you know , the coloquial three colours for the portuguese flag are red , green and yellow , not white . 
  that 's because the higher the latitude the bigger the map and thus more travel . 
  just look at greenland . 
  as big as africa with the right projection . 
   barely knows which way to hold a sword or staff, 
  ah man , now you remind me of the old times of learning weapon skill ... 
  por favor posta na sticky ( o primeiro post de todos do r/portugal ) . 
  you sure that was n't your cousin ? 
  british should be cynic too . 
  what 's the one between the ` mournes and llane 's sword ? 
  for sure , i levelled all my alts back in wotlk there rather than boring tundra ... 
  hm , i know what you mean but illidan was definitely a demon hunter and arthas definitely was a death knight before becoming the lich king . 
  the first of the second generation dks actually . 
  steam , google , etc. 
  apparently the gender changes in different regions of portugal . 
  verificado por pm . 
  tal como a steam . 
  and spanish and portuguese . 
  i wonder why portuguese is n't also a language of the united nations . 
  nitpicking a bit , but did you use milk cream in the past\u00e9is ? 
  because if you did they would be called `` pastel de nata '' , whereas the bel\u00e9m variation does not , using egg yolk and sugar for its cream . 
  that said they look great !, 
  posso estar enganado , claro . 
  something reddit truly is unexpected . 
  i was expecting someone to make a joke about how all babies have zero medical knowledge , yet no one did it . 
  if fuel economy ( efficiency ? ), 
  is the same , how is gasolina ( petrol ) cheaper than gas\u00f3leo ( diesel ) if the former is more expensive ? 
  oh the rental price . 
  yeah sure petrol is always cheaper to rent . 
  those are mostly hiace and hilux models in developing countries . 
  their incredible sturdiness makes them great and durable . 
  i 'm not sure if other cars by toyota are actually any good . 
  are they ? 
  for those who also did n't know , mlb ballpark = major league baseball stadiums . 
  he still talked too much . 
  progressing back then in his fight could be boring for a while . 
  this is fake . 
  no british would complain of queues . 
  weddings . 
  the battle of marathon , when a coalition of greek city-states allies defeated the persian invasion and forever changed the course of history because the west was able to keep its more open culture rather than be subdued by an oppressive state . 
  in other words , western culture may have been very different . 
  harry potter as himself . 
  edit :, 
  leiam a porcaria do post .
