  well , this gives a whole meaning to radio talks ending with ` roger that ' . 
  they do , and eight at a time . 
  out of curiosity , could you say which country are you from ? 
  seems like a good post for the brazzers logo over the cup . 
  or not . 
  we need a gif of his weird victory dance !, 
  great , now i need to see the video !, 
  why is your thesis in english for a swedish university ? 
  i had no idea actually . 
  one reason i never considered exchange in a nordic country ( i 'm portuguese ) is because i 'd have to learn quickly a strange new language . 
  so are those specific foreign classes or are all/most lectures in english even for natives ? 
  why is this wtf ? 
  oh , now i see it !, 
  not easy to spot to be honest ... 
  mainly because the technology is n't here yet :, 
  a ) it 's expensive to send stuff to space , which is why everything is built in extra-light materials ; sending heavy radioactive material would just be incredibly expensive . 
  b ) imagine a rocket going up filled with waste blows up . 
  the effects of that happening would be absolutely terrible . 
  what 's this i.minus.com shit that takes forever to loads gifs ? 
  copyrights . 
  so is tyson the bad guy ? 
  since he started the whole pluto ai n't a planet ordeal . 
  ` merica . 
  less than in real life . 
  exhausting ! = hard . 
  how much is the maximum ammount ? 
  the way ( i 've heard about ) euromillions work is that the prize is capped well below the ammount you 'd have to pay to buy enough tickets for a `` guaranteed '' win . 
  mechatronics with artificial intelligence . 
  such is the power of indocrination allied with superstition . 
  that is to say , if people are inclined to believe in bullshit , they will believe in it so long as whoever 's telling the story is good at it . 
  it also helps if they 're being told the story in a group and others seem to be believing it . 
  i 'm curious now ; are you actually swedish ? 
  reason i ask is because i want to confirm a story i heard about a friend of my brother that lived in sweden for a few months ( erasmus , afaik ) : he once took one single orange out of the stand without paying as a joke ( or so i 'm told ) . 
  now while that 's frowned upon here ( portugal ) , he was ostracized completly for it and had some miserable weeks because people despised him . 
  does that sound swedish to you ? 
  i would understand if you stole food . 
  but shampoo , really ? 
  shit , i actually never noticed that much how big the damn mitre really is . 
  trying to understand if he 's english or just stupid . 
  i had to check if your name was n't truegamingkid & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  that 's how a dragon looks at its hoard . 
  is lucky luke even a thing in the us ? 
  and asterix for that matter . 
  show her science instead . 
  there are plenty of sites showing fun things to do with kids on the webs . 
  if you do it right , she 'll be more excited to learn about stuff she can actually see than things she 's told about . 
  in time , she might become on of us again . 
  wait a minute , so kugelschreiber means ballpoint pen ? 
  i mean , there 's some five different types of pen , so is pen really translated into kugelschreiber ( paste wins ) like echuu 's post hints to ? 
  i put my internet uberskills to work and checked wikipedia 's article for pen and hit the deutsch link . 
  it linked me to [ schreibstift ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/schreibstift ) . 
  google translating that into english also returns pen . 
  but because there 's pencils in that picture , it probably means ` writing tool ' or something like that . 
  german is so confusing , it 's too bad because i 'd like to learn it . 
  it 's old , reposted and not accurate at all . 
  it 's surprising how that probably actually works & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  it 's not like lakes are the result of chance in the first place . 
  oh , good , i was n't the only one thinking of a goddamn cry baby then . 
  done . 
  that 's an interesting thesis , i should say . 
  is that a bat symbol on his chest ? 
  me no speak ingles . 
  the us democratic system is hardly representative of a true democracy , really . 
  funny , some guy in [ / r/funny ] ( / r/funny ) posted the exact same picture moments ago . 
  maybe you should buy him a pint and give him his camera back ? 
  wait , did you downvote yourself four times or i just do n't know how that works ? 
  publicity . 
  why would we follow your lead ? 
  you 're asking a scientific question . 
  the result could have been from early 19th century , the answer would still be the same . 
  well , what did you clean the toilet with ? 
  technology is n't everything . 
  while it certainly helps , china 's numbers and resource power are immense . 
  next time you see an old woman with heavy groceries , aproach her with a smile and offer to help . 
  she 'll probably say ` god bless you ' when you 're done , but if you look past it you 'll feel great for helping another human being . 
  that 's one way to give your life meaning . 
   wo n't admit that he does `` holds a belief that no god exists '' , only saying that `` i do n't hold a belief that a god exists '' . 
  that 's because he 's right . 
  there is no belief involved in atheism . 
  that is exactly what he 's saying . 
   the topic of religion should n't be free from civility . 
  wrong . 
  you 're looking at it from the wrong approach : religion is pretty much the only part of society that we are forced , by society , to be civil about . 
  there is just too much that ca n't be done or said because it can offend religious people . 
  it 's okay to diss one 's sexuality , one 's tastes , heck , it 's even okay to offend hard-working scientists by proclamining creationism has the same value as evolution , but if we talk about how someone must be an idiot because he 's a christian , the entire society get 's offended by it . 
  well , religion deserves as much hostility from those who hate it as anything else , in a free society . 
  furthermore , your point has been answered already , in the faq [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/faq#thenotruescotsmanfallacy ) [ [ 2 ] ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/faq#iholdmoderatereligiousbeliefsdoesratheismthinkthoseareintrinsicallydifferentfromfundamentalistreligiousbeliefs ) . 
  i am quite surprised that there 's a portuguese flag rather than a brazilian one , myself . 
  i feel for you !, 
  what makes you say they do n't ? 
  if you check the title of this topic , to the right it says ( self.askreddit ) . 
  that means it 's a text post and not a link to an outside ( of reddit ) source . 
  thus , it gives no link karma when upvotes are given . 
  so if today is april 's fool , does that mean jesus loves us ? 
  nice try , priest . 
  there 's a [ bunch ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/driving_side ) of countries , actually . 
  more than those that use the imperial system of units . 
  obvious april fool 's obvious . 
  but hey , check out how they swapped their cards , like the old men they are !, 
  or ships for that matter .
