  these maps probably use the registered catholic records , not so much an actual census . 
  everyone gets baptised around here because it 's just a tradition , but that 's about it . 
  yeah , the outlaw rogues . 
  to be technical then , it 's a 15 percentual point increase , not a 15 % increase . 
  since they 're saying petrol i 'm assuming uk gallon which is about 4.5 litres . 
  edit : nvm , [ source ] ( https://howmuch.net/articles/the-petrol-sweat-index ) mentions us gallon so it 's ~ 3.8 litres . 
  not average , minimum wage , according to the source . 
  and , apparently , [ yes , $ 0.05 ] ( https://howmuch.net/sources/petrol-sweat-index ) . 
  because the british changed their measurements after american independence . 
  they 're both silly anyway . 
  tauren rogues , because it worked . 
  not to be nitpicky , but should n't it be `` wait for black friday and cyber monday '' , not '' wait until after black friday and cyber monday '' ? 
  it 's likely just a bit per cell stating it is blank , it can happen when you copy many blank cells . 
  is this where we insert a tsa joke ? 
  out of curiosity , are there any counties in the us that share names with countries ? 
  google did n't help me ... 
  you earn so much . 
  lucky bastards . 
  see ? 
  it worked !, 
  you still probably have twice purchasing power , or more , 
  dificilmente . 
  yeah , the same language : $ $ . 
  i have no idea why any of those things is an indication he is not from the us state ... 
  nothing beats death 's demise for a realm first title . 
  there are some languages where the semi-colons are correct . 
  if it is the very last item and you want to automatise it :, 
  = if ( right ( a1 ,1 ) = '' , '' , left ( a1 , len ( a1 ) -1 ) , a1 ), 
  i did n't go with that because he may have more commas in the name , eg : doe , john . 
  it returns the number of characters ( length ) in the cell . 
  swap a1 with trim ( a1 ) everywhere in that formula . 
  just watched both movies , this was awesome !, 
  top right one looks like a john rayburn in the making . 
  did you use google translate or are you learning brazilian portuguese ? 
  because what we wrote is not how we speak at all , and while it looks like you 're trying to fit in , it does the exact opposite . 
  you should try to confirm what you 're saying is in european portuguese for the real experience . 
  as for your question , i do n't think there are many american students in portugal at all ... 
  i understand and i personally take no offense and appreciate the gesture , but most portuguese people would rather you speak english than hear our language butchered like that . 
  i 'm sorry if this came out the wrong way . 
  i repeat , i appreciate you trying , but i am warning you , other people wo n't . 
  you do n't have to speak it fluently , you just need to be aware we are rather conscious about our language and showing in a conversation that you understand it is neither brazillian portuguese nor spanish will work very well as people will try to help you a lot . 
  i love your videos , but it seems like the transition between the final battle , being corrupted and cleansed again was way too fast . 
  what happened there ? 
  i 'll get it next february so i guess you 're an 85er too !, 
  my trousers window actor sauce ? 
  achas ? 
  but something else seems to get it at that mark ... 
  he has [ more upload than me ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/5825334895.png ) but i only pay 25 $ so that 's fine i guess . 
  ou game of thrones . 
  so i guess under that silly one-drop doctrine ( or whatever it is called ) i 'm actually black despiste my fair skin , blue eyes and blond hair ? 
  do i get free scholarships now ? 
  female centaurs ? 
  do you mean dryads ? 
  i have n't seen centaurs since maraudon ... 
  so who won ? 
  there is a difference between traditional and common ... 
  we use the same clothing as everyone else from the western world , really . 
  in case you 're wondering , this is what archimonde says when he destroys dalaran :, 
   archimonde says ( in eredun ) : `` let this scar signify the first blow against the mortal world ... from this seal shall arise the doom of men ... who , in their arrogance thought to wield our fire as their own ... 
  blindly they built their kingdoms upon stolen knowledge and conceit ... now they shall be consumed by very flame they thought to control ... '', 
   archimonde says ( in eredun ) : `` let the echoes of doom resound across this wretched world , that all who live may hear them and despair . '', 
  when the wardens refused to release illidan in warcraft 3 , she killed the guards . 
  ordered mine at 00:01 in portugal with no priority , just got an email stating it was shipped . 
  you can do it even if you get it for easy comment karma . 
  \u00c9 o maior hospital do pa\u00eds . 
  so if i understand correctly ... 
  if even number , every item is $ 4 , if odd number , you get the price for the below even number and sum 5 , is that correct ? 
  [ isto ] ( https://i1.wp.com/espalhafactos.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/feature-vote.gif?zoom=1.5&amp;resize=300%2c300&amp;ssl=1 ) \u00e9 suposto representar-me ? 
  tiny tiny mistake :, 
   i do n't why me or why home depot, 
  if i understand correctly , you are talking about special education teachers ( professores de educa\u00e7\u00e3o especial ) . 
  you can check [ their ] ( http://proandee.weebly.com/ ) website here ( in portuguese , but google translate can problably help you ) . 
  this is not google , try it . 
  hey !, 
  thanks for answering !, 
   first question , regarding text widget : depends on the texting app you use , are you on the stock app ? 
  i just bought it and am not tech savvy , so yes , it 's the stock app . 
   second question , regarding shelf : not sure how similar the 3t is to beta 8 right now , but when i tap-and-hold a widget in shelf there is an option to delete it on the top right of the widget . 
  i figured that would work like that , but it just does n't ... 
  if i tap and hold , a small ball appears at the bottom as if i were to resize it , but it does n't work and nothing else appears . 
  most i can do is move thing around ... 
   third question , regarding charging : yes , you can charge your phone with * any * usb-c cable . 
  you do n't even have to use the oneplus power brick . 
  *** but *** , you will only get dash charge * speeds * if you use the original oneplus brick + cable . 
  all right , awesome . 
  i only asked to know what would happen if i forgot the charger ... 
  oh god , that little detail in the trick actually worked , thanks a lot !, 
  now all i 'm missing is a stock app widget , or a decent text app that 'd work in my country . 
  thrall and the orcs fleeing from the legion 's second invasion of azeroth land on the broken isles for a while in warcraft iii . 
  this is wrong , the door on the right should have no letters in it . 
  best title in the game . 
  i got it on my shaman and am casually returning in legion with my dk , and now that you can share titles i am never gon na change it because it fits the class so well . 
  i just hope they never make it massable like they did with the light of dawn ... 
  would n't all the demons just return to the twisting nether , tho ? 
  but death knights can also strike at the soul and they use shadow magic for it . 
  and they were all planted there by the producers . 
  but your body is used to it . 
  descartes was a frenchman coming from a warmer climate than sweden , and his body just was n't prepared . 
  the map is n't interactive but you can search stuff . 
  but this is actually a situation where they have a point , and statistics show it ... young people tend to be careless and crash more often .
