  it could mean extinction . 
  like almost every fairly intelligent person , sometimes i wish i was dumber because life just seems easier . 
  let 's be realistic , people care as much for children dieing from air pollution as they do for children dieing from starvation . 
  as you said , the problem is n't the area being studied but rather what those with the power of decision think about it . 
  beer 's been along for far more than 392 years . 
  thing about older players , though , is that they already make their own living and have their own money , not being dependent on others ( usually ) to survive . 
  this would be the main difference to teenagers/young people , whose addiction is polemic . 
  due to your username , ca n't tell if a joke or serious . 
  sure . 
  that 's the caspian sea . 
  you can see the great lakes of north america also in black . 
  i guess they are somewhat connected to the oceans thus why they 're shown . 
  doctor who , the whole 150 gb of series . 
  related trivia : david tennant , the tenth doctor , has a daughter from georgia moffet , who played david 's doctor daughter and is herself the daughter of peter davison , the fifth doctor . 
  it ai n't the quality , it be the quantity . 
  i bet he plays starcraft . 
  you 're right , i do n't . 
  computers , and engineering , just are n't my league . 
  but at least i was trying to be helpful , unlike your generic attempt that works with anything in life but helps as much as a fart . 
  uhm , english is not my first language ; polemic would be fine in mine . 
  controversy should be a better word , perhaps ? 
  liam neeson 's the man now !, 
  what ? 
  i thought it was gif like the usual english `` gi '' is read . 
  `` jiff '' is how i would read it in my language , the more you know . 
  incoming fox news team . 
  because it 's got a camera . 
  princess peach . 
  this would be perfect for `` they see me rollin ' '' ... 
  some countries just say what translates into `` health '' : sa\u00fade / salut , etc. 
  this is already sort of what happens , although indirectally . 
  but anyway , what you mean is a [ referendum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendum ) , and an [ initiative ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/initiative ) [ in america , til ] if started by citizens . 
  the main problem with it is that people are generally too buzy to actually pay attention to politics and all , which is exactly why they elect someone once in a while to do that for them . 
  maybe with the age of information it would be more viable , and easier , to increase the number of people deciding on an issue but it just is n't very pratical for now . 
  it 's easier to cement the ground than to build a building . 
  that looks like an [ old lisbon taxi ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_jfwqahc7ad0/rtsjadmgc4i/aaaaaaaaam0/7x9z09yseg8/s400/taxis68-altaya-1.gif ) . 
  raise your children in science . 
  i can tell you my reason : i was born with a congenital disorder in my feet , meaning i can only run for a short time . 
  because of that , i never played much/was never any good at it , so i just grew up not interested in it at all . 
  i 'll say , < insert random food  is done much better in < insert one 's state  than anywhere else in the world . 
  it should go something like this , instictively :, 
  too cold -  approach fire ; too hot -  retreat . 
  reason . 
  i 'm curious , do you babysit your nephews often ? 
  because while they are most certainly awesome , taking care of them fulltime can be a real pain in the butt . 
  that being said , i do want children but i also do n't think i 'm quite ready yet . 
  i 'm a 26 male . 
  mayhap there is more than one dumb american ? 
  nice try , jack the ripper . 
  do you have those dark circles around your eyes ( no idea of the name in english ) caused by the need to keep your eyes half-shut to see in the light ? 
  also , what colour are your eyes ? 
  no deity is involved . 
  as weird as this is , what 's atheism got to do with it ? 
  $ 1.99 is usually interpreted as $ 1 something instead of the $ 2 it really is . 
  to put it simply : no . 
  goddamnit english language , why you keep surprising me ? 
  she 's not the one tipping the box to look under a doll 's skirt ... 
  they found out their latitude using [ astrolabes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mariner%27s_astrolabe ) . 
  they show a fairly simple explanation of how it worked . 
  speaking of that , would n't houses made of stone hold those strong winds much better than those wooden premade houses they have there ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i 'm not american , and all houses are built of stone/bricks overhere , but everytime i see those disasters ( or heck , any american movie/series ) , there 's wood everywhere . 
  i thought that was because it 's cheaper to build , so what do you mean with regulation ? 
  i assume you mean that there have been attempts to enforce stone buildings but people just would n't have it ? 
  oh , so that 's why you 're asking reddit . 
  this is n't nsfw . 
  it 's nsfl . 
  well , there 's a few ways to do it :, 
  a ) you can deselect all those unhatched larvae by ctrl shift clicking one , then grouping just the eggs ;, 
  b ) you can do what you do and just remove all overlords from the group the same way ;, 
  c ) you can select only the larvae when you 're producing , build your stuff , ctrl click an egg to select all eggs , then shift + 1 ( or whatever hotkey your units are in ) . 
  this will add those eggs , and whatever units will pop from them , to your group 1 . 
  remember , if you press ctrl + 1 , your group will be reformed with only the eggs . 
  shift + 1 adds whatever units selected to group 1 . 
  wo n't work in my tablet ( transformer 101 ) . 
  it just shuts down unexpectadly . 
  it 's been posted before , but you might just know about it :, 
  you can actually download it and play it [ here ] ( http://stabyourself.net/mari0 ) . 
  i 'd love to , but how ? 
  i just open it and immediatly crashes . 
  there is an option to send a report , would you recieve it or that goes to google only ? 
  will americans start travelling overseas so they can legally wank ? 
  tell you about the apostrophe and, 
  of course , sent . 
  in case it helps , i have never rooted it , and the display language is in portuguese ( europe ) , but other apps work fine in english so that should n't be an issue . 
  ca n't tell if teapot or watering can & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  they have standards . 
  of course . 
  i do n't want to stop living while there is so much to do in this world . 
  plus , i 'm also afraid of pain . 
  i can only hope for a painless death . 
  but an afterlife has no weight in it . 
  he 's asian-american , has a gun but can convert mm to inches . 
  do n't block the sunlight , do some exercise when you wake up ( nothing big ) and your body adapts . 
  also , try going to bed early . 
   get all your stuff for the day ready the night before . 
  pack your bag , make your lunch , etc. 
  arrange things so that in the morning , you have to do the absolute minimum number of steps between getting out of bed and leaving the house . 
  i have a different approach . 
  i just wake up earlier than what i actually need to , so that when i leave the house i 'm already fully awake and do not forget anything .
