  europeans do n't do that . 
  not around here , at least . 
  the second one is a picture of lisbon , portugal , taken from the ancient medieval castle . 
  first one i have no idea , one of our many beaches . 
  about half of our borders are beaches . 
  edit : also , never be afraid of sounding ignorant . 
  this gif is so awful at first i thought it was a scene from assassin 's creed . 
  thankful . 
  any post you like , check where it has been posted , and subscribe that . 
  their riders went inside for a scotch . 
  okay , maybe you can explain me then :, 
  what the fuck is so different between sports games every year ? 
  like your nba 2002 , 2003 and 2004 . 
  why do n't you talk to us instead ? 
  mature username !, 
  whatever argument you have , some random actress or whatever the fuck from the us versus the former leader of one of the most powerful nations on earth , and you ask who was more influential ? 
  are you serious ? 
  even in culture : i 'm pretty sure the iron lady spawned much more films , videos , comics , books , satire , anything really , about her , than whoever the other one did . 
  an axe and a drink ? 
  that is old denmark . 
  that did n't help . 
  you really need to read more . 
  atheist , i , counselor . 
  english is n't even my first language . 
  who cares ? 
  i was just being facetious , do n't worry !, 
  i 'm not sure where that started , it is n't the first time i 've read it , and i love it . 
  ... i am very ashamed to say at first i wondered why portugal would give angola to the european union ... 
  eu = i in portuguese . 
  that 's because it was already a [ christian nation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_in_ethiopia ) . 
  i would still say europe is far more heterogeneous than the us . 
  because we pay for water ? 
   `` if he 's with child ... '', 
  do you even know what heterogeneous means ? 
  here : http://www.thefreedictionary.com/heterogeneous, 
  let 's make two assumptions , first :, 
  the us economy will not fail in the meanwhile , either ;, 
  my kids would get to keep some of my heritage and culture , but influenced by us values . 
  my answer would still probably be no . 
  call me naive , and i know that in reddit , where everyone is probably an engineer , this might be laughed at , but there are more important things to me than money . 
  edit : fixed number 2 , i was saying the opposite i wanted . 
  that depends on your definition of a good future . 
  i 'm sure my kids would be better off , economically , if we lived in another country , yes , as this country is really entering a bad time , specially for the old and the young , but they would be far away from their family . 
  it could be sad just as well . 
  money really is n't everything . 
  and , repeating , i have nothing against americans , mind you , but the us would really be a last resort option . 
  even because it hardly is a place where they could get a better life than here , seeing that any health problem or even their education would cost both my arms in time . 
  because the post makes no sense , more_exercise is n't saying the dust mote is half the size of the earth , at all . 
  in fact , he 's saying it is n't . 
  oh , right , for some reason it clicked on me that linearly , anything in the middle of a segment would be half the size of one extreme and double the size of the other . 
  that actually makes no sense , at all . 
  monday mornings suck . 
  at least the shape is there . 
  sort of . 
  sure , and you try bringing your mom here to any restaurant and ask the first thing on the menu . 
  whatever it is . 
  i 'm sorry , m ` am , but food is just something you have no chance at against us . 
  everything else , yeah , we suck . 
  not food . 
  never that !, 
  we 're proud of it , okay ? 
  great , now i 'm stuck on the internet watching zelda jesus singing multiple times , in multiple videos . 
  thank you !, 
  so are those potatoes in the helm ? 
  potatos , potatoes , i do n't know , there never is more than one potato , it is new word . 
  i never actually studied anything about the history of new zealand . 
  would very much love to hear about the antipodes , so i 'm looking forward to this !, 
  to be honest , there have been several specific battle comics already , but i agree with you , for sure . 
  i 'd rather keep the humour than starting seeing everyone posting great stuff about their own countries and disregarding the others . 
  the only portuguese words there are ` de ' and ` berlenga ' . 
  should be fine for number 6 , our flag 's great now . 
  there has been a stricter enforcement of basic rules , yes , some rules one could easily argue are unnecessary ( no hair , etc ) , although they have very obvious reasons for them , which really require no explanation . 
  that said , i could agree with you , easily , that you do n't really have to mod every little panel in a comic , because this is mostly for fun , but you had to go and call the mods fascist and told them to basically get a life outside . 
  what exactly do you think that 'll accomplish ? 
  i 've never been to disneyland and even i know [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/it's_a_small_world ) . 
   last time foreign troops died fighting for us on our soil were the french in the .1780 's . 
  there are american cemeteries and troops stationed all over europe , willing to lay their lives for europe . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that europeans would n't give their lives to protect the us , if necessary ? 
  [ april 25th ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnation_revolution ) is ( one ) freedom day in portugal , too !, 
  everyone has a warped idea of history , unfortunately . 
  history is mostly told under a political point of view . 
  this is why two countries will most likely have a different story told about one particular event . 
  i have an honest question and i do hope you do n't get offended ( i really do n't know with you americans ) :, 
  do you also say the pledge of allegiance with meaning ? 
  what ? 
  [ rosbif ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/rosbif#noun ) is the french slang name for the english . 
  yes , and petergot was saying he 'd suck for an ama . 
  this appears to be 2.13 meters . 
  the portuguese stereotype is spot on :(, 
  and yet , it 's much easier to imagine an american do that than a german . 
  such a sad stereotype . 
  i know it 's been joked already , but calling it empirical actually makes some sense . 
  that american plane is what one could call a freedom fighter . 
  although it 's actually of bomber . 
  germany thought plunger was of pretty hat . 
  you know germans and their pretty hats . 
  as a portuguese , the size of that tiny ship makes me damn proud of my country . 
  i am very aware . 
  but it still is about the same size as those my countrymen used to explore the world in the early age of sail , before many technological innovations were made .
