  `` i can not die '' . 
  the damn damn . 
  hey !, 
  who turned out the lights ? 
  what 's that , even ? 
  i 'm not into the incredibly photogenic guy . 
  are those two rabbits mating or an upside down animal ? 
  in other words , 62 % of men over 65 are badass motherfuckers and 37 % of women over 65 are sluts . 
  it seems rather easy . 
  he ca n't tell us not to associate religion with evil then proceed to talk about atheistic communism . 
  he 's doing exactly what he said we should n't . 
  my sister 's called vera ( portuguese/romanic name ) . 
  the relationship between jayne and his gun is just hilarious to me !, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/006/151/tumblr_lltzgnhi5f1qzib3wo1_400.jpg ) . 
  now that 's a book my heart could get surgery for . 
  cyclope 's blowjob ? 
  [ spot the difference ] ( http://library.thinkquest.org/3500/images/narwhal2.jpg ) . 
  if you use [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) , both link and comment karma show in the upper right corner , plus there 's a popup when you hover over someone 's name . 
  without it only link karma does , and no popup . 
  those help . 
  in reality though , it can help if you start going to bed early ( before midnight at least ) , and sleep with shades open so sunlight can enter the room . 
  once you wake up , do some minor exercise ( some push-ups ) so your body wakes up . 
  after a while , the body 'll just know when to wake up . 
  i like how that does n't imply god exists , only that the perpretator is a believer . 
  half-life is the scientific term for how much time half of the total atoms of a radioactive element take to decay into something else . 
  not just carbon . 
  name him google : he 's your new best friend . 
  certainly . 
  nothing happened so far . 
  it seems safe to assume their spies are awful !, 
  i do n't mind reposts , because that 's what the word reddit is even supposed to mean , but this is just plain retarded . 
  so you failed the challenge ? 
  looks like hugh laurie to me !, 
  i do n't press like in any of that shit because i 'm aware it wo n't do a fucking thing . 
  study . 
  southern european countries . 
  a place to post stuff you read on the internet . 
  there 's three fiddys in that image . 
  wait , are we talking socially tolerant in terms of social politics or in terms of little xenophobia ? 
  not really a smart idea . 
  there are many portuguese emmigrants in france , so that 's a hard question , really . 
  yeah that 's why i was confused . 
  while sweden and all other nordic countries have good social , liberal states , they 're really not very socially tolerant . 
  they will accept foreigners but only if they 're there to work hard . 
  which is commendable , to be honest , but not tolerant of other cultures . 
  roughly three months ago - 94 days . 
  this was fucking confusing at first ... 1st -  3rd -  2nd -  4th panels . 
  depends if it 's cold or not . 
  courage !, 
  he is based on jupiter . 
  jupiter had a beard . 
  that 's an ass . 
  actually , the reason people remind that hitler was a christian is because christians tend to say he was an atheist . 
  no one tries to blame the holocaust on christianity , but no one wants christians to blame it on atheism either . 
  curious about the other suits ( not sure if that 's the name in english ) !, 
  i think you mispelled less . 
  and the number , too ... 
  we probably would n't feel sex at all , if we still were to wear clothes . 
  hey !, 
  i 'm photogenic too :(, 
  that 's actually something i ( and i 'm sure many others ) have considered : what if good was defeated a long time ago in the first divine wars and evil has ruled for as long as we existed ? 
  because if there is an association between circumcision and decreased penile sensivity because the glans in exposed and touching clothing all the time , then it would be somewhat safe to assume an erect penis touching clothes all time would also feel less , and perhaps it would have evolved into something with less nerves . 
  uh , the plural of axis is indeed axes . 
  the bible . 
  edit : you know , god rested on the 7th day and shit . 
  hispanic are n't the ones from hispania ( the iberic peninsula ) as expected , but their latin american descendents . 
  indeed , hispanic and latin american are probably synonyms . 
  ca n't tell if photoshop or barry has n't aged a day & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  that is true , but i still think that accidently hitting stuff with your penis would make it evolve into having less nerves because , i mean , who would n't dickfist everything ? 
  atheism vs theism is a matter of non-belief vs belief . 
  agnosticism vs gnosticism is a matter of not being able to know vs being able to know . 
  they are not related , in that there can be gnostic atheists , agnostic atheists , agnostic theists and gnostic theists . 
  what the shit , santans ' face makes me laugh . 
  the most probable cause is that everyone used it as a font for a paper in 5th grade and are utterly ashamed of it . 
  just picture yourself on the moon . 
  what would happen is that you would see almost the same sky as during the night , except there would also be the sun as a much bigger ball of light . 
  there 's not a day since i 've joined reddit that i do n't learn a brand new word from america 's strange , new ( to me ) culture . 
  i 'd love to experience the portuguese golden age ( 1400-1500ish ) . 
  because it 's the only time this country was any good at anything . 
  is it me or the left slap looks like someone 's doing it with a false arm ? 
  yes , i 've been reading a bit about it . 
  it seems to be a thing in a few more countries , namely english speaking ones , which is not my case ( i am from portugal ) . 
  additionaly , i now understand where [ vale decem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaeu7_jrysa ) comes from . 
  a ) i think it would be the same as if you were falling from a tall place : you will eventually reach a terminal velocity where the [ drag ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drag_%28physics%29 ) from air would equal your weight . 
  you will remain in motion , you just will not accelerate and will continually keep falling at said terminal velocity . 
  b ) because of newton 's third law , whenever you use your feet to try and propel yourself in the air ( read : jump ) , whatever surface you 're jumping on will also suffer the same force . 
  the only reason you can jump while on the ground is because the earth is too big for that force to do anything to it , so you 're affected instead . 
  that said , what would happen if you try to jump upwards on a rock that is falling down is that that force would kick the rock further down . 
  c ) that really is n't my area of expertise , but the energy we generate that is not used by the body is mostly heat . 
  other than heating water to generate vapour for electricity , it serves no purpose . 
  i bet you drew a goddamn arrow !, 
  just make him sure your feelings in the matter come from reason and reflection rather than anger and whatever the reason is for kids to do stupid things ( sorry , ca n't remember atm , it 's past 1 am and i 'm tired ) . 
  i did n't say that , i was only pointing out that circumcised penises have less sensivity because the glans is exposed . 
  now , i ca n't say i 've seen many erect penises from different men , but at least mine does have an exposed glans as well when erect . 
  [ # 1 in this article ] ( http://www.cracked.com/article_17251_the-10-coolest-foreign-words-english-language-needs_p2.html ) . 
  always a pleasure to learn new things !, 
  what 's the one like who drives with one hand at the bottom of the wheel ? 
  other hand on the gear stick that is !, 
  ancient civilizations had no problem walking around naked , so i 'm gon na go ahead and guess that cave men did it as well . 
  snooky .
