  you are also probably ca n't remember well of a world without instant telecomunication like cellphones or the internet . 
  i 'd rather have the text , this way i can pause and read np . 
  i understand , there 's a 1/6 chance russian roulette would make you not feel bad anymore . 
  but ... 
  this is not even in portugal . 
  we do n't speak italian . 
   half-german descended girlfriend 's mother, 
  it sounds like when mrs janeiro talks about her neighbour 's dog-walking servant 's brother 's friend 's aunt june . 
  portugal only reached india 6 years after columbus reached america , actually . 
  it was the discovery of the cape of good hope that chances everything ( hence the name ) as it meant you could go around africa after all . 
  an interesting theory is that columbus was a portuguese spy that performed a counter-intelligence operation to divert spanish resources from anywhere near india ( a known rich and populated land ) into a risky and lengthy enterprise into a wild and unknown land . 
  no it is n't . 
  some guy actually pmed insults and the spoiler after i replied to someone else about not spoiling at least before new year because people may have been waiting to see it with their families and the festivities are the only time in the year some families gather around . 
  i still do n't get why they did that , how sad must one 's life be to do it ? 
  depende um bocado da \u00e1rea e do local onde te vais candidatar . 
  because apparently it 's true . 
  he is the original op 's husband . 
  the question is , rather , why would he post his own shit again other than for karma . 
  for some reason read it as canine and was wondering if we had a worgen mount . 
  besides what everyone mentioned , i guess i 'm just a blizzard fan boy as i love the characters . 
  we also call it bayern munique so that 's fine . 
  just putting a note here that there are now low-cost airlines travelling to the azores and madeira and that you can and should visit for very cheap . 
  anglosphere refers to the english speaking world and not regions where the angles settled . 
  it makes as much sense for america to be one continent as it does to be two . 
  it is all a matter of political definitions . 
  it is the new world . 
  after all , europe , asia and africa are also named after greco-roman standards . 
  there is plenty to do for all kinds of people . 
  it is n't all about clubbing , there are loads of museums and hist\u00f3rical monuments to visit in lisbon and neighbouring cities . 
  biscay lost its bay . 
  did you help catch them ? 
  even to non-americans ? 
  i love how the italians move while speaking . 
  most of the world . 
  meh , they 're british , the guys in the cars were probably laughing as they called him all sort of wanker types . 
  i could say the same about american capitalism ... 
  nothing , vasco da gama ( from which his username is based ) was the first portuguese to reach india . 
  it 's a joke , 
  according to the names in legends i am going to assume it is what types of agricultural cultures are practised in the region . 
  this should have bathymetry as well ... 
  do you need definitions of what a plantation , subsistence , commercial and transitional agricultural types are ? 
  i 'm not saying it is people culture , it 's just how you plant shit in the land . 
  developed country . 
  were you in it or why was it unlocked ? 
  i do n't understand , how can he peek with a closed door ? 
  i 'm curious about what german children learn in history about this time period . 
  do you learn about your specific city 's old lords and feudal wars or is it nation wide history ? 
  this reads funny if you 're a pirate . 
  you ca n't post a link with text . 
  we 'll let you know in a few hours . 
  um chefe de estado a promover o windows xp . 
  they were realm and faction locked at first iirc . 
  but i 'm probably wrong , it was a long time ago and i have n't played since wotlk ... 
  edita com o link normal que eu aprovo-o . 
  why does time matter ? 
  sure . 
  that would have been plata , not plato . 
  unfortunately that is n't true anymore , children shows are mostly dubbed now ... 
  what about the other kids ? 
  depends on the horse . 
  you can see these are bulky and probably used for farm work . 
  which one ? 
  black souls ( anime nere ) . 
  it 's about the ` ndrangheta , the calabrian mafia . 
  it 's an amazing movie . 
  someone here has the midas touch ... 
  just a small nitpick : why is it called the western hemisphere rather than the americas ? 
  it 's the first time i 've ever heard that , to be honest . 
  i 'm from portugal and to me , the western hemisphere is pretty much what is defined as the west ( europe and the americas ) . 
  thanks . 
  there are no nando 's in portugal so i had to try it when i went to london last year . 
  they 're good , actually , but unfortunately they did n't compare to roast chicken in a typical portuguese restaurant . 
  too fancy if you ask me . 
  front page . 
  would n't kicking the drone ruin it ? 
  what , it did say she pushed kids out of the way , it 's both in the title and the article . 
  for portugal :, 
  morangos com a\u00e7ucar ( * strawberries with sugar * ) is a shitty soap opera about the lives of some teenagers and their high school . 
  it 's really bad , but very popular among kids a few years ago . 
  the movie is probably just as bad as it seems . 
  i would n't know , actually . 
  language can be amazing . 
  a word that evolved from gods know where to name the roman god of war millenia ago ended up creating two similar words that would be used on a platform they could n't even imagine eras later for some punny fun , read by people from all over the world . 
  makes me feel old that i was already an adult when wow came out ... 
  how come none of you notice he 's a troll with that username ? 
  curioso . 
  so neither a monkey nor a male . 
  sure , the correct term is mathematics but that 's too long . 
  at 4 \u00b0 c. 
  sorry , but i think you 've worded it badly . 
  it is their lifes that are celebrated , not their deaths . 
  africa was n't discovered before america ... 
  edit : i should mention this should be read with a disbelief tone . 
  not only those but also the recicle bins are usually large . 
  keep in mind that european cities are generally much more dense than american . 
  as long as she does n't look at source ... 
  purgatory is of latin origin . 
  this should have a scale so people know how large the country is . 
  odd , i have never seen a numpad without a period anywhere i 've seen . 
  none .
