  which religion has no problems killing and expanding by force ? 
  well it 's understandable , one could say it 's the difference between knowing one sheet and one book . 
  are you my mummy ? 
  was that a guy making a woman 's voice ? 
  not american at all , would just like to say i find it curious nobody cares about the irony of the usage of ` american ' in the title on this site , unlike other , shittier , places . 
  maybe i just have n't seen enough reddit though . 
  is n't this because of yeast ? 
  it 's a bit more complicated than all this , surely . 
  some investigators say portugal already knew about the americas , but because of our small population at the time , we did everything in utmost secrecy . 
  this is why the king of portugal insisted the divisory line to be moved to the west , to keep part of brazil in the portuguese side , while maintaning most of asia as well . 
  the treaty was really only political negotiation , i do n't recall military forces to be involved . 
  well , not more than usual in late middle ages . 
  as for population , it 's always been because of that : the only reason the portuguese were able to keep brazil for so long was because about four million slaves were brought there from the colonies in africa . 
  that was about twice the entire portuguese metropole population . 
  as an european-raised european , what ? 
  we wear shoes inside . 
  you should add your zone and game type ( 1v1 , 2v2 , etc ) . 
  i thought the world was six thousand years old , though . 
  now what ? 
  fourth is n't time . 
  time is a temporal dimension , the 11 you 're thinking of are all spatial dimensions . 
  as for understanding them , mathematics has enough tools to allow us to explain and work with them , but we ca n't really imagine it . 
  i think you meant characteristics . 
  this is two weeks old , but may as well correct you : rectangle means all its angles are right . 
  this can only be achieved by a four angled polygon ( because 4 x 90 = 360 ) , but not all four angled polygons are rectangles . 
  a trapezoid is not a rectangle . 
  the rectangle is a specific trapezoid . 
  because whoever named it first was thinking that at the time . 
  english seems very empiric about naming stuff . 
  yes . 
  a trapezoid is a quadrilateral polygon where at least two sides are parallel . 
  a rectangle has two pairs of parallel sides , but they do n't have to be the same size . 
  a square also have two pairs of parallel sides , and they are all equal . 
  so basically , a square is a rectangle , which is a trapezoid . 
   freeing the spirit of enquiry . 
  that 's just scary . 
  destroying evidence before the cops arrive . 
  thumbnail resembles a large , green penis with big testicles ... 
  some would , some would n't . 
  it 's up to the individual to choose . 
  that being said , there would certainly be more of us you could get along with than if you were a heartless fundamentalist . 
  just get a different browser than stock . 
  trying out firefox . 
  because i can read reddit properly . 
  has a few issues , though , mainly with always showing sites on mobile no matter how many times i press desktop version . 
  if you read one more line , you 'd know your question has yes for answer . 
  your usage of the word ` deserve ' is strange . 
  but anyway , black americans are called african-americans by american politics because you fellow americans avoid confrontation like a plague . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but we do n't call african-americans that overhere . 
  we just call them american . 
  it 's pretty obvious they 're black . 
  because america is # 1 producer of fat , but not # 1 producer of either terrorism ( arguable , too many awful artists ) or drugs . 
  not me , but those who think the holocaust never happened must surely live in the 19th century . 
  infinite power does not mean one is n't goddamn lazy , though . 
  magic . 
  public transportation . 
  that 's about 113 years and 4 months . 
  should have said ` nana ' . 
  i 'm gon na get downvoted to hell , but ... pok\u00e9mon . 
  i 'm not really old ( 26 ) , but seeing people a little younger than me obsessed with what is little more than a cartoon and speaking about it all the time like it was the goddamn bible can really get on my nerves . 
  reminds me of [ this little fellow ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-jukjlg9uopu/twndso1rv0i/aaaaaaaaari/sxypzap5aay/s1600/krang1.jpg ) upside down . 
  i think computer science ( as opposed to computer engineering ) involves some advanced notion of electrotechnics and circuit building that can be tricky . 
   religion and faith are two extreme opposites . 
  i do n't follow . 
  auto-owned . 
  i do n't get mad or angry , just annoyed . 
  i agree with you , plus i have my own weird habits so i 'd be a hypocrite if i yelled at them for it . 
  my ( very wild ) guess is he is pulling a no true scotsman and implying that his relation to god is personal ( faith ) and what the institution ( religion ) does is not the best . 
  would have to see the rest to understand better , though . 
  as a rule of thumb , science investigates , engineering applies it to layman use . 
  now i 've never taken either , but if i 'm not mistaken , computer scientists are responsible for things like discovering faster processors and better memories , computer engineers grab those and build something that can be sold . 
  edit : i 'm not sure you edited that last sentence before or after i posted . 
  but anyway , that would be computer engineering because you 're working with the consumer . 
  well , seeing that in oot there are no floating rocks in the sky , i 'd assume skyloft was lowered into the ground eventually . 
  everything 's cool as long as you 're having fun and not annoying old bastards !, 
  i saw nothing there that 'd show him/her as a redditor . 
  think of it this way : if people were unable to go on all day without wondering how everything they use works , nothing would be done . 
  thus , people usually trust others to explain them how it is done . 
  unfortunately , they also have this characteristic as a child , which is when they are told by adults ( which were in they turn once children ) the lies of religion , which seems solid enough for anyone who does n't give it too much thoughts . 
  and that 's a cycle . 
  that 's his political career in a heartbeat . 
  clearly because the protoss use each building as a triangulation vertice , together with the pylon you 're building in and the builder probe/gateway . 
  since the calculations are done in said builder probe/gateway , all the other building is required for is to stand as a physical point . 
  thus , science . 
  my [ somewhat empirical ] theory is that they are so used to be rejected they start doing it themselves . 
  poorly dressed !? 
  oh the ignorance . 
  i do n't get the insistance on his glasses ' brown top . 
  human . 
  any reason for that black area at the top ? 
  get an education , and do n't look like a bum/hippie . 
  ca n't really say anything without knowing more but those are the basics . 
  old but , in a nutshell , the man had a leave for a week or two during that year . 
  was n't it the first big movie shot in 3d ? 
  i should say my eyes hurt from reading that but there was something more interesting to see there . 
  i stand corrected , but i reckon that is a revolutionary move , no ? 
  two reasons :, 
  a ) air pollution is one of the causes of global warming . 
  by studying the latter one must go trough the former . 
  b ) the future consequences of global warming are far more dangerous than present yearly deaths .
