   i understand that , i 'm curious about details - e.g. , his father 's iranian influences on his american education , his mother 's influence on him wearing skirts , etc. 
  sing something in a different language and i assure you the natives 'd laugh . 
  either salted , smoked , in vinegar or not preserved at all . 
  probably some other means i ca n't remember about . 
  floorface ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.lolwtfcomics.com/upload/uploads/dog%20runs%20away%20from%20plastic%20inflatable%20alligator.gif ) might be one . 
  welcome back , enjoy your george r. r. martin !, 
  in [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) because ? 
  are you sure you meant amusing ? 
  whatever consequences there are of living in the open as an atheist , they all come from the prejudice and bigotry of religious people . 
  therefore , if you decrease your contact with said bigots , and talk only to nice people , theist or not , you will have a great life !, 
  have you tried 2u , or uu ? 
  indie is short for independent , so an indie developer is generally a one-man/short staff gaming company . 
  report this to blizzard , what the fuck are you doing on reddit ? 
  i guess that 's why it was his final address . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't see it . 
  ca n't tell if not serious ... 
  but of course you can . 
  for example , travel to the underground catacombs of rome and you will see thousands of remains that can be tested for adn and aged to get your evidences . 
  oh , you said anyone so i thought you meant like we ca n't prove nobody existed before ` murica or something . 
  my bad . 
  but yes , it is possible . 
  that 's what archealogists do , they search physical remains for evidence to prove their hypothesis , which are set on the various historical conditions at the time . 
  evidently , it can not be done to 100 % of anyone who lived before today , both because we have no idea what most common people did with their lives , and no idea where to search for their remains . 
  that said , there is no evidence jesus ever existed - the bible is not enough because it is an unfounded hypothesis - therefore saying jesus never existed or saying he did is worth the same . 
  the most we can say is that he might have , but we can not discard the scientific possibility he might not have existed . 
  i guess this was deserved for a silly joke in the united states of til . 
  that 's not what i said at all . 
  i said that for as long as you know about their existence at all , through for example a birth certificate at the time , or a market bill , or a poem they wrote , and you know of a way to relate physical remains you find with their existance , you can prove anyone existed . 
  obviously , you ca n't just guess the existence of a bloke named tom builder in the 12th century and go from there . 
  you need a solid hypothesis . 
  the very same would apply to jesus , if we could find any physical remains that would prove his existence , then problem solved . 
  but we have n't , in two thousand years . 
  also , please do show me any non-biblical reference to the existence of jesus . 
   you have to say `` yes all these and jesus existed '' or `` no , we simply ca n't be sure of the existence of anyone from that time '', 
  that 's not quite correct . 
  you can be sure of the existence of someone in particular . 
  but you 're right in saying that we ca n't be sure of the existence of everyone . 
  there is no physical evidence . 
  you need physical evidence . 
  an american teenager first all-nigther and a title typed like this . 
  this is so interesting . 
  well your videos are amazing , of course he would like it . 
  whitera is no enemy of fun !, 
  really , keep them coming !, 
  well you must be quite young . 
  they are . 
  that 's what baptism is supposed to do , to save you from the pits of hell . 
  indeed , if you are n't born in a place that pratices baptism , you will burn . 
  that 's the whole idea behind saving the faithless savages of centuries ago . 
  but if you 're looking for god 's cruelty , there are other places you can look too . 
  nice try , ` muricans . 
  skyscrapper lamp changer . 
  do it once for him . 
  but to be honest there are some chances he might do the same to your kids due to childhood influences . 
  you 'd expect that , but sometimes people sign up for patriotism or , you know , to help people . 
  used to lure young acolytes !, 
  okay , but what does `` at a [ 8 ] '' actually mean ? 
  forgive my foreign dumbness , i just have no idea . 
  why a-z-e ? 
  french grid binds ? 
  fat ? 
  had a dog , it 's pretty much the only solid thing i remember from my childhood , but of course that is probably because he died when i was about 14 . 
  aliens . 
  well , at least this raises the possibility of them adding this to sc2 via hots or a patch !, 
  source ? 
  he probably does n't know what a virus actually is . 
  america . 
  how huge , 2 pages ? 
  as i once read : megabyte < gigabyte < nigabite . 
  your eyes see upside down , but your brain knows its job well and inverts it again . 
  upvote for knowing how long a year is , for cake day and for all those goddamn moustaches !, 
  i 'm 26 and the only time i say that in a serious manner is with my < 10 nieces . 
  imaginary my arse ; i understand what you mean , but that 's naive . 
  political leaders have real authority because they have real ways of enforcing it : police , army , taxes and benefits , etc. 
  likewise , the pope and god itself have real authority because they have an army of fundies to do battle . 
  think of the crusades and inquisition . 
  ninja edit : i 'm not saying we should n't fight religious authority , though , 
  that 's odd , 2012 has 366 days ... 
  i reckon this is just a matter of definition of imaginary and real . 
  i merely meant that their authority is real because people follow it , period . 
  i do n't mean it is infinite or timeless . 
  it stops as soon as they stop having power . 
  like with democracy and atheism . 
  you 're right . 
  they 're not true . 
  what is true , however , is that they exist in the real world , and one must live with them . 
  that was my point in the first place , theoretically authority does n't really exist . 
  in pratice , that 's not so true , and you will get hurt . 
  only muslims are allowed to use the koran as a weapon , defensive or offensive . 
  i close we are not , before it water . 
  i see his point , the bible is n't ethically outdated because it 's still okay to mass murder people . 
  brilliant !, 
  that 's like saying god gets angry at non-believers ... oh . 
  hey everyone , i want to be famous . 
  bring me to glory !, 
  uh , there 's a lot more catholics in the us than i was always led to believe . 
  what keeps you home ? 
  games/social phobia ? 
  quit the games , get an outdoors hobby/job/school .
