  can you not sell the energy you overproduce back to the grid ? 
  uhm , the lol sound [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5nnxysucbw&amp;list=uunm4uuvxs6ianfxbioyprha#t=32 ) , i am pretty sure i 've heard it before when i goosed someone but i thought i was just hearing things . 
  is it ingame or did you add it ? 
  you had already say already . 
  with the tax . 
  relevant username . 
  oh man you 're really bad at negative karma . 
  tell us how !, 
  nice !, 
  you were even able to capture the shading of my tanned nose . 
  thank you , 
  not sure what to feel that i somehow resemble a tragic roman figure ... 
  certainly , again , thank you for taking your time , 
  totally deserve it , i 'm sure you 've made them a lot more money than that from people watching your videos . 
  i can tell you i 'm one of those people , among other great video makers as well . 
  i am trying to show that i am noticing the details and the work they have done . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you 're talking about , but if i have offended anyone , artist or not , for appreciating their work in detail , then i do apologise . 
  would it be possible to know which comment ? 
  the one you replied to in the first place ? 
  just to consider my wording . 
  then we would only be arguing semantics . 
  do n't worry , i wo n't sound like that again . 
  it would seem i came off as ungrateful . 
  i am rather surprised by that , but i can understand it . 
  it was not my intention , and i 'm sorry if i offended you . 
  i really do appreciate the time you took for it . 
  again , thank you . 
  it seems i was reported for being rude to you . 
  i hope you do n't feel that way , but if you do , i 'm sorry i was offensive . 
  i really appreciated ( in the true sense of the word ) it . 
  so you 're saying the word `` but '' has all but negative connotations , or a contrary meaning . 
  i do n't have that feeling , but perhaps it 's an english language thing , which i wish i knew better , but it is n't my first language . 
  again , in the end we would only be arguing semantics , but not on equal ground as the base language would n't be the same , with perhaps different definitions of `` but '' , and i do n't think there 'd be any point to it anyway . 
  after all , there must be a reason why it 's against the rules to argue the mods , but i do n't care to see what it is . 
  i , as an `` ungrateful submitter '' , have personally apologised to the drawers for something i did n't deem required . 
  but such is life . 
  starcraft 2 . 
  would you care to share that list ? 
  that sounds interesting , literally . 
  what is the box at the very end for ? 
  the one you can write in . 
  e forte , claro . 
  ah , but why do they actually start with http ? 
  edit : guys , i 'm not actually serious . 
  wait , the reason delivery drivers in the us leave packages unattended in the open is because you get free dog food ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  that 's the point . 
  i either failed to communicate them , or you failed to understand them . 
  it 's a shame , either way , a problem with written language ... 
  my only sadness is that you ca n't have both zaeed and javik in the party . 
  that would just be glorious . 
  i did a run like that once , to try and cause the most destruction i could . 
  i kept the collector 's base intact , because it made sense that cerberus would then use the information to cause a lot more destruction elsewhere . 
  i did n't know about what you said , so at the end of it all , after killing the quarians and wanting to select destroy so the geth would also die , i could n't . 
  that sucked :(, 
  oh man , that was funny to watch . 
  are you scared of buildings ? 
  you 're thinking of brazilian portuguese , that 's the happy one . 
  why learning difficulties ? 
  portuguese is richer in sounds than spanish , surely it would be the other way around ? 
  can confirm this is somewhat generally true , as portuguese , but it depends on the region . 
  galicians have no issues understanding portuguese . 
  and in idioms . 
  what 's with the fucked up game text after the title , did your computer died ? 
  i do n't wish to sound rude or anything , but i am curious : you would n't be working just to pay someone to take care of her , there are other costs to life . 
  how do you take care of those ? 
  god , i can never play another slow-paced fps again : /, 
   demag\u00f3gico, 
  this is why i do n't really understand the tipping culture . 
  they 're getting my money because they 're better than the other guys already , giving even more just sounds silly . 
  same would go for waiters . 
  i give money to the place , if it prospers , the waiters [ should ] prosper . 
  check for updates worked for me . 
  well , this should be interesting . 
  on one side , two friends who talk to each other , on the other , two complete strangers . 
  origin is also fucking up , or is it just me ? 
  i got offline from origin itself and took a while to reload . 
  it 's also without any accessories . 
  those cost more . 
  might have to scroll down when picking a game . 
  i would say the reason you 're getting so much hate is because they 're also old players who logged back in to try out the new maps . 
  how do you identify hackers , exactly ? 
  through killcam ? 
  forgive the ignorant question , but what does microsoft have to do with it ? 
  is it an windows issue ? 
  i feel you , it really is hard . 
  i lost 40 kg ( 90ish pounds ? ), 
  because i managed to somehow change my mentality regarding food . 
  now i still love food , but i do n't eat so much . 
  and i get what you say about disliking jogging , or sports in general . 
  they 're really sucky to do , but it is a necessary discomfort . 
  best suggestion i can give is that you find someone who also needs to lose weight and do exercise with him/her , that way you 're both pushing for each other . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that people should have an healthy lifestyle in the first place ? 
  i do n't think anyone disagrees with you on that . 
  but what 's the point of discussing the past , in that regard ? 
  o spawn point !, 
   teetotal, 
  huh . 
  today 's new english word for me .
