  strangely , 33-18 = 15 , are you sure you had n't get a social policy yet ? 
  or at least an opener ? 
  oh , right , i missed the spanish gamble part . 
  my bad . 
  edit :, 
  ep\u00e1 lol . 
  que artistas !, 
  a lus\u00f3fona \u00e9 privada . 
  first global capital city . 
  andei no porto . 
  the unheard enemy of oceania . 
  what , you can sustain 12 kph/7 .5 mph for over three hours ? 
  that would be pretty good . 
  i suck at running ... 
  ask reddit . 
  so no ass credit for a week , then . 
  por exemplo :, 
  igualmente , certo ? 
  zelda , metroid , assassins creed , starcraft , half-life , portal , entre tantos ... 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e0z3zkz.png ) is what you get , yeah ? 
  i have no idea why this happens , i have n't had anything by norton in over ten years , so how the fuck do i read onion articles ? 
  maybe it 's a country thing , i 'm not american myself . 
  i quite like sheeps in desert hills near rivers . 
  by the end of the game they will give you 4 food ( petra + irrigation ) , 5 hammers ( stable + petra + hydro plant ) and 1 culture ( god of the open sky ) . 
  if someone gives them a religion that allows for the purchase of buildings , they will buy them ( no idea about units , i do n't think so ) . 
  i was playing with austria and had mosques in my religion , eventually bought a city state with uluru ( which has 2 food as well meaning the cs will work it ) , and it had already bought the mosque on itself . 
  firs tthing i thought , but sweden is n't in the game . 
  they 're talking about the title . 
  figured as much , yes . 
  how very polite . 
   you know how you better yourself ? 
   you become an american citizen . 
   you know how you become and american citizen ? 
   you learn english like is required . 
  this is great . 
  what 's the worker for , then ? 
  the gym . 
  holy fuck is it boring . 
  yeah , well , i hope i find a good one eventually because right now i feel my brain shutting down when i exercise . 
  catherine , queen of portugal . 
  well , that 's a bit far fetched . 
  but i guess it works . 
  pretty much every colonial power had an east india company . 
  surprisingly , it 's more about people over 30 eager to prove they do . 
  i 'm not mad at all . 
  good kid . 
  portugal , at least . 
  with queen catherine who was barely regent for a while , she was wife 's to john iii ( the civ 4 leader ) . 
  you forgot to add that new civilizations were added :, 
  portugal ( queen catherine , the wife of john iii ) , the netherlands ( william ) , the maya ( pacal ) and the shoshone ( pocatello ) . 
  i 've only tried portugal , obviously , but they have feitorias . 
  no clue about the others . 
   as i searched i found a completely virgin continent with the aztecs , shoshone , and maya . 
  such an imperialist thing to say !, 
  i stapled my thumb . 
  that anthem is just damn awesome . 
  the best one there is , in my opinion . 
  at least the music , i do n't understand the lyrics , but i know they 're very patriotic . 
  edit : found it in english , no idea if the translation is correct , but hey , if anyone wants to watch :, 
  para os alentejanos ( tirado do wikipedia ) :, 
  est\u00e1 no fim do video , two steps from hell - `` protectors of the earth '' . 
  i do n't think the maya smoked any peace pipe . 
  could be wrong !, 
  portugal , try out feitorias to get many different luxuries for happiness and start trading dat gold without having to buy css . 
   \u00a1 viva la mexico !, 
  i do n't speak spanish natively but this just sounds so wrong . 
  twice a year . 
  in a bad year . 
  pok\u00e9mon parents . 
  `` nova '' . 
  seja como for , esta malta tira isto do facebook , que veio do buzzfeed , que finalmente veio do reddit . 
  ohoo , nice try . 
  last line of intro . 
  i do n't think that 's true , maria i 's portugal had established a global empire for centuries already and none of it is shown . 
  i guess it 's really only the metropoles that are shown . 
  maria i 's portugal was a world-spanning global empire , yet only the metropole is shown . 
  one thing , this is european portuguese , you are sending a letter to a brasilian person . 
  while the language is the same , the dialect is not . 
  i would recommend you get a second opinion , possibly more locally correct , on / r/portuguese . 
  edit :, 
  meh , wanted to reply in a comment , but this will do . 
  thank you for your service , op . 
  i do enjoy when that happens , yes , but i still wait the three minutes in bliss , till the siren , which i am ready for , goes off and activates whatever mechanism i have that wakes me up fully with it . 
  i dunno , i actually wake up worse if it 's natural ... 
  battering rams . 
  they 're insane . 
  well , okay ... what exactly is it you want ? 
  i 'm pretty sure french people eat cocks , too , you 're not the only ones !, 
   maria of portugal was severely mentally ill and , iirc , suffered from hallucinations and moved to brazil . 
  you make it sound like she moved to brazil because of her crazyness !, 
  / r/portugal . 
  is this babylon 5 * alter ego * ? 
  it 's the same production and strength as the nau . 
  speaking of which , op , it 's spelt portuguese thankyouverymuch . 
  it 's a meter per barn angle-minute second . 
  this has been posted before , i remember some guy with over 800 crashes or some crazy number like that . 
  he 's probably now at 5000 , or just stopped playing . 
   resource diversity grants double gold for portugal in each trade route . 
   this is usually 0.5 per resource you have available in your empire , but with portugal is doubled to 1 gold per - this can add up to a lot of extra gold with many trade routes going to other civs . 
  it does help with city-state trade routes as well , but you are almost always better off trading with other civs for the gold per turn is typically double .
