  light drugs at least . 
  interesting you use spain and portugal for they are the antipodes of new zealand . 
  why is south africa not mentioned in the map ? 
  i 'm pretty sure [ adamastor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adamastor ) is a representation of the cape of good hope . 
  capes are regions of countries , it would have made some sense to put them in the second category . 
  but fair enough , i assume you mean direct mentions of regions . 
  sure . 
  you added a imgur website link , which has no extension at the end . 
  if you add any extension it will show as such . 
  one of them is gifv , which is basically a video , and loads really fast . 
  like so :, 
  that 's odd , you should be able to edit it oo, 
  and sure , go right ahead with it . 
  i have a question that i am going to use your ( top ) comment to ask :, 
  does it have to be a us surveillance order ? 
  could reddit have not been forced to give out info to china or russia or the vatican or some other sovereign state ? 
  yes but it 's obviously a homogenic city and also it has no blacks . 
  that was the shittiest portugueses i 've read in a while . 
  brazillian allright . 
  this probably made me laugh the most out of april 1st , thanks !, 
  that must have been really nice . 
  what were you doing there ? 
  right , that could make sense . 
  it 's just that it was n't that long ago , really . 
  pretty sure he was too buzy laughing at the steal . 
  i think he 's asking if there 's any london , oh ( or whatever ohio code is ) or tube , oh . 
  are all these videos from the same guy or do they all lack originality ? 
  i only asked if it is the same guy doing all the videos , which is fine because i actually like them , or is the format a copy of what one guy does for one video and everyone else tries to chime in . 
  god i did n't think a simple question would warrant so many downvotes . 
  this game is the definition of patient gamers . 
  i have n't spent any money with it and , over the course of months and doing basically nothing other than dailies ( ~ 3 games a day ) i own about half the heroes already . 
  o / u/cavadela . 
  those scream brazillian portuguese . 
  pretty sure he is named after [ him ] ( http://pt.smurfs.wikia.com/wiki/gargamel ) , but i could be wrong . 
  to be fair pillow in portuguese is almofada so i guess that makes some sense . 
  i think it 's common in brazil to do cross-references when naming stuff . 
  it starts at 17:00 utc , do the maths with your timezone accordingly . 
  or the bot could do it . 
  1800 is recent , the scale should have maybe been different . 
  it should have said `` larger '' rather than `` largest '' then . 
  the douro valley and the islands beat everything else , but the entire country is beautiful and rather empty outside of the urban coast . 
  / u/thesmokingtire , what did you feel about our country ? 
  depois no cais do sodr\u00e9 tens o comboio . 
  out of curiosity due to our common city of residence , why does it matter you live in lisbon ? 
  not sure you said abc because the hotkey for creep is d. . . 
  thus , propaganda work very well with you . 
  did you know the soviet union beat the us in pretty much all space race categories except reaching the moon ? 
  keep in mind it is really only talking about who did it first , not who developed the tech further . 
  it 's mostly satire on americans ' pride on reaching the moon first . 
  sure , that 's fair enough , not everyone has to know world history by heart . 
  just keep in mind that not everything you may believe may be true , the cold war was a propaganda war and there was much misinformation spread then that still affects us today . 
  that said , there were still some pretty nasty things about the soviet union ... 
  but who is venom now ? 
  or is that spiderman in the black suit ? 
  the strangest thing about that is that you are n't driving in the right side of the road , caused me a bit of confusion at first . 
  yet columbus would still sail west to reach india . 
  this time he might get lucky . 
   i guess what i can take from this is , if you 've got some kind of capital , you 'll live well there . 
  this is exactly it . 
  portugal has everything any developed country has , and things are , for the most part , cheap ( specially so if compared to australia ) . 
  the only problem , tho , is that salaries are so low we ca n't really afford any of it . 
  i know a few foreigners who work online and get paid british/german/french wages while living in portugal . 
  they 're enjoying a life they would enjoy in their motherlands . 
  best there was . 
  i have raided as ele shaman back in wotlk ( cleared everything ) , and was considering coming back for legion ( although casually , i do n't have the time for much more ) . 
  i only really have two questions :, 
  are elemental an actual competitive class now ? 
  did their survivability increase ? 
  as a bonus , do racials matter much ? 
  is n't this a mage spell though ? 
  ring of fire or whatever it was called . 
  edit : blast wave , that was it . 
  which spec 's artifact weapons are that quest for ? 
  sainte ? 
  yea , sure , they pronounce it sahn . 
  2 days . 
  donation for millionaire makers . 
  it 's okay op , if someone called me that i would also be wondering about that , and i speak the language . 
  estaremos a import\u00e1-lo ? 
  people do n't know how to use upvotes , i do n't even care anymore . 
  thanks for understanding my confusion tho , but it seems the undead is wearing warlock tier set . 
  edit : or not , it 's cloth pvp set . 
  it really could be a mage ... 
  yes , but `` la pataterror '' just would n't work in that joke . 
  o que \u00e9 exactamente o movimento `` contra sjw '' ? 
  there is an option to show controversial posts ( ie lots of downvotes and upvotes ) , a small cross appears . 
  also , it migth have been posted at a time the posta was actually negative , although it is heavily positive now . 
  his tail is n't moving , is he in protective mode ? 
  could you explain what you mean with `` flipped '' ? 
  have n't catch up to jaina 's lore since ever , what recente stories ? 
  can you mention what are the breaks ? 
  they seem rather random , is there any reason you pick those over any other ? 
  i 'm guessing 954 is england , 1609 is the netherlands , 1776 is the states , 1877 i 'm not sure ( romania ? 
  ) , 1945 is wwii and 1991 is the fall of the soviet union . 
  am i missing anything ? 
  and , still , why the random breaks ? 
  that said , why does mounting up removes one step ? 
  everytime i shift click fountain and then somewhere else for fastest recovery , it does not work if i mount up ... 
  some folks do n't speak english natively , maybe you should travel and diversify to learn that . 
  thank you , i was wondering why the man talked about 7 battlestars in the beggining : /,
