  so true . 
  because * woosh * . 
  i love your playlist . 
  i have to ask , is there a way to download it ? 
  would love to carry it with me !, 
  sea-bass \u00e9 garoupa ? 
  e coast golden ? 
  unerheblich = irrelevante . 
  that 's not hilarious . 
  it 's fucking creepy . 
  what if i tell you i posted it to get on the obvious karma train ?!, 
  le plot thickens !, 
  you ca n't see the plate 's reflection either , so there 'd be no problem to hold it outside the picture and not show anything . 
  it really is n't , it 's pretty average . 
  so which one is the top one in terms of views ? 
  the obama one , i take it ? 
  i might be blowing out a lot of wind here , but i 've read somewhere ( it was in the internet so it must be true ) that men are most active on full moon nights because that 's when they can hunt at night , with all the light and all , and so women made sure to naturally adjust their reproductory cycles to be most fertile on such nights . 
  since we were tribal way back then , that could be an explanation to why women synchronize . 
  this really is something i read somewhere , somewhen , on the internet . 
  no idea how biologically feasible it can be . 
  i 'm not sure it 's true , though . 
  at least the full moon part . 
  i mean , full moon is a worldwide phenomenon , if it held any truth to it then every woman in the world should be fertile at the same time , more or less ( although , granted , the maximum height the moon reaches varies with latitude ) . 
  if anything , i 'd say it would be more related to nomadic lifestyles , or something , and those would indeed differ from tribe to tribe . 
  yeah , speculation is awesome and all , but it ai n't science !, 
  yet . 
   in 1974 , not long after the carnation revolution , the bridge was renamed `` 25 de abril '' ( 25th of april ) the day the revolution took place . 
  this remains its name to this date , but for the sake of ease , for this article i have retained its original name . 
  actually , phobos and deimos are both sons of ares , so it is n't a coincidence . 
  plus , they do have different names , timor and metus , in latin , like mars . 
  i do n't get it . 
  it 's quite negative for them creditors . 
  did you try and save for some delicious european food ? 
  if so , what was your favourite ? 
  also , which western europe countries did you go to ? 
  my self-esteem . 
  thankfully i got it back . 
  and then raped the poor bitch . 
  it worked this time !, 
  there will be a population reset , be it trough famine or war , and afterwards everyone will be extra cautious and friendly , until they forget about it . 
   how is this wtf-worthy ? 
  or any random subreddit you wish . 
  battletoads !, 
  we decompose . 
  i 'm extremely surprised to not seeing a blue arrow on the second image , because that would be what an immature little prick would have done . 
  really , this is a shit awful post and you should be ashamed of it . 
  / r/trance i suppose . 
  sloth 's snot . 
   every fucking taxi driver in the whole world . 
  ftfy, 
  yep , one can never guess what 's coming up next in these russian road videos . 
  judge it for yourself : [redective.com ] ( http://www.redective.com/ ) . 
  you can see how much time you 're spending in each section , there . 
  but is it ever too much if it is something you enjoy ? 
  i just try and rip the side . 
  that was not a happy ending . 
  home alone . 
   are you serious ? 
  i do n't think he is , no . 
  did i do good ? 
  basically , the queen 's the heir of the throne , so prince philip is no king . 
  you know , this is n't funny . 
  are all american tests done with multiple choice ? 
  he 's not shaking hands because it 's his own damn people he 's presenting & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  [ context ] ( http://www.surfertoday.com/surfing/8441-has-garrett-mcnamara-ridden-the-100-foot-wave-in-nazare ) . 
  we better back it up . 
  i see . 
  it 's very confusing to me to read about multiple choice tests and keys to tests . 
  around here if we ever do get multiple choice , we have to justify our choices . 
  why is this in wtf ? 
  this is fucking awesome !, 
  english wikipedia , i take it ? 
  the romans . 
  they 'd just send gold and their legions for any of those . 
  that 's the point , is n't it ? 
  i 'm a bit out of date here , what exactly is happening here ? 
  what 's wrong with nissans ? 
  200 years buildings are not that uncommon in europe , really . 
  it 's not like most people in reddit can place mali anyway . 
  is that the logo for fake ? 
  so if you throw the money in the sky , and it falls , does that mean that the theory of gravity is a fact ? 
   portugal is the oldest country in europe, 
  small correction here , oldest continental borders in europe ( and the world , i believe ) . 
  there are older countries . 
  i 'm curious , as i am not an anglophone , why does he have both ph.d and d.phil ? 
  does n't it mean the same ? 
   between march 23 , 1933 and may 8 , 1945 , did you work for or associate in any way ( either, 
  directly or indirectly ) with :, 
  the nazi government of germany ? 
  any government in any area ( 1 ) occupied by , ( 2 ) allied with , or ( 3 ) established with the help of the nazi government of germany ? 
   c. any german , nazi , or s.s. military unit , paramilitary unit , self-defense unit , vigilante unit ,, 
  citizen unit , police unit , government agency or office , extermination camp , concentration, 
  camp , prisoner of war camp , prison , labor camp or transit camp ? 
  spain accepted because then they could get more of asia , as the anti-meridian would also be moving west . 
  i wish most top secret documents from our discovery age did n't burn in 1755 , such a shame . 
  how do you do the sideways \u271c ? 
  este \u00e9 primo do helfimed ? 
   please do n't be an asshole for no reason , that 's why we consider your people as a joke here . 
  just so you know , apartidario is an obvious troll , his negative karma being more than enough clue , but reading this made me quite sad , i should say . 
  i personally have always tried to be friendly with any brazilian i met , except this one time when i was drunk , said something nasty which i immediately regretted because i got punched , and ended up that night with a new brazilian friend .
