  had it been ` country ' , and the answer was really simple . 
  yes , it has happened before , and it will happen again . 
  clubbing is the least desirable activity you can think of . 
  this is so true . 
  i endured a social dinner the other day for a very close friend of mine 's birthday , but when they said they were going to a club i just waved goodbye and left . 
  she did n't like it , but she understood . 
  i can withstand sitting in a bar with semi-loud music where people are looking at each other having a conversation . 
  but being in a place where the only objective is to move the body and lose your hearing abilities , that i just can not understand . 
  i 've seen that decoration thingie on some other comic , but did n't bother asking then . 
  what is it ? 
  foreign food . 
  ours ' just better . 
  repost thieves . 
  i do n't mind honest reposts , but those guys who say ` my brother took this in iraq ' after they got it from 9gag , they deserve it . 
  war . 
  without war , we would be much less advanced . 
  or much more . 
  not really sure here . 
  southern europe has its perks . 
  i answered both your questions already . 
  i feel guilty for not being there . 
  shit was awesome back then . 
  as a white male at least . 
  i 'd just have to be born in a golden cradle . 
  what the, 
  water . 
  hunting exotic animals . 
  i do n't give a shit about deer and pigeons who need to be controlled anyway . 
  but elephants , tigers , lions , animals in risk of extinction ? 
  fuck that . 
  just so you know , you should repost it with white text . 
  no racism involved . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  better be cautious to be honest . 
  leaving it . 
  edit : actually , nevermind , i forgot about it already . 
  how are those against the law , though ? 
  google , a man 's best friend . 
  you 're posting this in r/atheism . 
  you are wrong , yes . 
  i understand that . 
  unfortunately , that 's mostly what happens in this subreddit . 
  look out for headcrabs . 
  the order of text is quite confusing . 
  switzerland . 
  someone 's got ta finance the war . 
  twenty years ? 
  anything . 
  yolo per recycle . 
  well , they have a really big forest , and they mostly speak portuguese or spanish . 
  what 's wtf about this ? 
  i thought i was looking at a chopped off finger at first . 
  you mean he wants a blacker heart ? 
  can you tell me what the man 's first line was ? 
  i rewind it many times but i still do n't understand a word !, 
  devia era ter estudado para ladr\u00e3o legal . 
  and it 's actually the ninth panel , if you count from left to right and bottom to top . 
  although , i 'm not sure that is relevant , because who counts like that ? 
  what poster ? 
  i wonder if there 's any chance i could get the same image without the text . 
  i 'd very much like to set this as my facebook cover pic without spoiling anything to my friends . 
  does n't have to be that big , either . 
  yes , that was my makeshift solution , actually . 
  awesome , thank you !, 
  maybe the doctor only became the doctor after he stole the tardis ? 
  i got it when he said russia claimed any part of the us , but everything before is just believable , a drunk russian can do anything he damn wants . 
  this , or there is a bus that goes straight from the airport to cais sodr\u00e9 , if i remember correctly . 
  it is , however , cheaper and faster to do what u/badalhoc answered . 
  juan de fuca sounds like a name out of a gta game . 
  that is so confusing for my non-american standards , as red is left and blue is right over here . 
  is it me or on the pic the tardis has landed ( 24 ) the glass is not broken ? 
  that much quantity looks unhealthy as hell . 
  i hope that 's as good as it looks . 
  what would he say ? 
  pois claro que mereces . 
  did n't high school end recently ? 
  do n't be surprised , just live with it . 
  at least you got a lot of vegetables . 
  is n't that the first place they 'll be looking at ? 
  podes experimentar ir \u00e0 [ liberty american store ] ( http://escape.expresso.sapo.pt/boa-vida/experiencias/liberty-american-store-sabor-americano-chegou-ao-porto-9890431 ) . 
  o problema deles \u00e9 que \u00e9 carote . 
  why ? 
  they need to be forgotten , not remembered . 
  they prefer to be called by their first names . 
  why would any european retire in florida when half of europe is made for that ? 
  likewise , i 'm from portugal . 
  the place 's flooded with brits and germans , specially the southern region . 
  let 's just say they do n't like their weather , and we like their money , eh ? 
  takes a milisecond to process if you actually speak portuguese , though . 
  pronouncing it as in * where * , minus the - re , makes it sound weird , versus pronouncing hue in english . 
  it looks strange , sure , but does it really matter ? 
  it 's easy : practice . 
  the only reason i speak good english is pretty much because of the time i waste on the internet . 
  the rings are named after the [ classical elements ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classical_element ) , of which one of them is [ earth ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/earth_\\ ( classical_element \\ ) ) . 
  i do n't know , i think this mixes introvert and asocial a lot . 
  the first one , for example . 
  now i am imagining funeral houses photoshopping suits into an old fat dead man ... 
  what 's with the knife ? 
  yeah , it was shown that # is the octothorpe , or the number sign or , occasionally and in some specific places like the whole north america , the pound sign . 
  agora postas isto no / r/funny ou assim com o t\u00edtulo ` taking your day off for a bumpy ride ' .
