  so , just tell them you keep daddy 's money and play games on hard so daddy can buy them a gameboy . 
  hm , i reckon this bot needs some fixin ' . 
  them navy lads sure are the girl their fathers wanted them to be . 
  is that an artosis pylon shirt ? 
  [ here ] ( www.reddit.com/r/spoilerfreesc/comments/r2z5r/completed_event_lone_star_clash/ ) you go . 
  i really recommend it , it had so many great players and such awesome games . 
  edit : why 's the formatting not working & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  well it is really dumb to not know what sulphuric acid is . 
  the end is near ? 
  i have no idea what mine means , so good luck with that . 
  should all former colonies return to the rule of the british empire ? 
  you are pretty damn equal . 
  they made it to make sure obese people are n't offended . 
  politician . 
  do you know what activism is , and why it is useful , despite usually being very annoying ? 
  activism makes sure people remember issues . 
  religion is an issue . 
  move to europe , good sir . 
   yeah , his mom 's asian . 
  fake tiger mom , as no asian kid can be bad at science . 
  because americans culturally think they can get away with things . 
  i was just jesting . 
  no way i 'm gon na criticize anyone who knows what 's best for her child . 
  why does incontrol have an halo ? 
  ... moral ? 
  i do n't get that one . 
  their notion of consequences is n't the greatest . 
  not great enough to beat the urge of being a dog . 
  [ oh my , i have a girlfriend ] ( http://alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/jpg/sad-forever-alone-happy.jpg ) !, 
  i would have to say having knowledge and knowing how to use it . 
  what i was told last time i asked this ( i 'm still curious ) is that tornadoes can be so strong they can tear down a stone building , so may as well build them made of wood because it 's a lot cheaper to rebuild . 
  you 're overreacting . 
  she probably does n't want her parents to know because not everyone is open about that kind of stuff with them . 
  i think he 's merely refering how a house built of concrete is much stronger than one built of wood . 
  the zerg . 
  colour challenged , guess who . 
  so is the knife used for the 5 minutes worth of game before someone gives you a new crowbar ? 
  that triple negative is confusing the fuck out me ... 
  if god was a chef there would be blood topping . 
  you 've got to be trolling us . 
  so what does the internet makes you think when you hear ` too loose ' ? 
  they can always tell . 
  it 's madness . 
  i misread the ` on ' , made the whole thing a lot different . 
  i am jesus , i bring thee the power of science . 
  actually , i kinda do dislike obsessively religious characters when their religion has no evidence at all , and is hypocrital . 
  take the game of thrones : i do n't really care about ned stark being a worshiper of the old gods because he did n't really wait for them to do his life . 
  i do n't really care about the many-faced god because , well , that religion does what it says it does . 
  but melisandre , for instance , is n't really my favourite character . 
  that 's only christianity , not the rest . 
  reddit , few days ago . 
  how do we know batman was actually created and is not an ancient story passed down every generation since the dawn of time of a mythical being that was awesome back then , but only in our century did someone write down his story ? 
  how do we know batman was actually created and is not an ancient story passed down every generation since the dawn of time of a mythical being that was awesome back then , but only in our century did someone write down his story ? 
  pool is in the video 's description if anyone with res like me was wondering . 
  can you link me to an example of a strong canadian accent ( female prefered ) ? 
  you 're probably looking for american answers , right ? 
  so you mean like the title speaks of british and irish accents and you know what he was talking about , but there are a lot of different british and irish accents ? 
  i understand the canadian accent falls under the american accent , but i was curious for something more specific . 
  all i can tell you about my country 's military is that nobody gives a fuck about them . 
  had you ask if it was a condition and felt any symphaty for him , then maybe , just maybe , it would n't be considered rude . 
  i can certainly understand why you would be offended . 
  i did n't mean to imply you are related to america the country , but america the multi-cultural continent . 
  which would imply many different languages and their impact on the metropole english creating what could be called american-english ( again , the continent ) . 
  also , every little town in europe has had thousands of years to develop its specific accent . 
  if you ever come here , do not be surprised if 10 miles is enough for different accents , if not dialects with different words . 
  portugal : about 300 days of sun per year , great food , great people , great history , europe , we could really use your money . 
  not enough voltage , probably . 
  most do n't care . 
  of course , but i never shared a story here so nothing to be tagged with . 
  what do you mean ? 
  keyword there being relatively . 
  that 's what the op was asking in the first place . 
  satellites do n't show the world 's direction , they only show images . 
  it is we that select those pictures direction in order to get something recognizable . 
  funny you mention that , because the earth 's north magnetic pole is actually a south magnetic pole , which is why compasses point to the north pole ( compass magnetic north pole points to earth 's magnetic south pole ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_magnetic_pole#polarity ) . 
  although this is also nothing but a convention . 
  marie curie , queen victoria , elizabeth i , joan of arc , of the top of my mind . 
  hey , stephano is american !, 
  yeah everyone knows stephano is french , this is just an ongoing joke about every foreign player being american . 
  true enough it 's a bad joke . 
  because plenty come here to vent about things that happened during their teenage years and had n't have the opportunity to do so at the time . 
  venting is good , it releases pressure . 
  i have ready many a great thought in here , which show some maturity . 
  another sign of maturity would be to accept said teenage asshats as part of the community , and understand what they must have been trough . 
  there 's no way this ca n't be fake . 
  then again , i do n't watch fox news , what are the odds of this being real ? 
  honestly , i do n't know if they 're doing it not to offend people or to make sure wikipedia does n't turn into a target for islamic extremists . 
  that 's a double-barreled question , good sir . 
  so , the answers would be yes to the first part , no way in hell to the second . 
  i do n't do uneducated guesses . 
  if you 're worried about them , they 're not secret . 
  that , good sir , is brilliant !, 
  more like those who were born before 2000 and those who were n't . 
  bodies are removed from their graves when space is needed , or after a given time . 
  that would be 100 years in my country . 
  no guns , no crosses ? 
  i 'm afraid not :(, 
  were they apart in the beggining of time , or were they a part of everything at the beggining of time ? 
  i do n't understand your question & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;,
