  and they 're culturally crazy , too . 
  not a movie , but that programs about sharks giving money to entrepreneurs , except with real sharks !, 
  i love you too . 
  me neither , but that 's because i 'm not american . 
  that mario kart star music . 
  i can predict every water molecule in the ocean will reach land eventually , all i have to do to get to it is to catch a ride from them all . 
  i , too , am a navy seal specialized in gorilla warfare and pasta . 
  hodor . 
  the ocean , the exploration of foreign lands and those left behind . 
  even now , it is , in short , what portuguese culture is about . 
  likely the university of minho suits . 
  ca n't forget to mention tiles , folklore dances and all the religious celebrations . 
  th-thanks , you too ? 
  i have never heard about those . 
  you see how americans seem to idolatrize the office of president ? 
  same shit . 
  he 's also relevant to his country 's policies . 
  you 're right , it is different , but i get the same feeling of how you worship the presidential office ( not any man in particular ) when i watch the expensive clusterfuck that are american presidential campaigns . 
  why , arranged weddings of course . 
  just like last time . 
  `` am i still a virgin ? '', 
  mosquitoes . 
  bzz . 
  people who have seen this very question at least twice this week and those who have n't . 
  i do n't understand why people are downvoting you , asking for a source for a fact , no matter how obvious it is or is n't , should be standard procedure ... 
  and some would be happier dead ( well , figuratively speaking ) . 
  does n't that mean they kill to be killed the very same way , according to you , some would kill to be jailed ? 
  so it 's okay to kill rather than reform just because it 's cheaper ? 
  what about the innocents ? 
  it 's okay to kill a few , in saudi arabia , just because it 's cheaper when you do find one who breaks the law . 
  mind you , i 'm not even commenting on their reasons to kill someone . 
  you 'd think logically that death sentence is cheaper . 
  well , logically speaking , if everyone killed was guilty and for valid reasons , then sure . 
  but all it takes is one innocent for that logic to crumble ... 
  that is a terrible idea . 
  is that why you 're the new pope ? 
  because if i 'm worthy of being killed by you , then i 'm no longer worthless , and thus i live . 
   our wonderful country, 
  so north korea does have nuke power !, 
  relevant username . 
  so why did your best friend 's maternal grandfather 's duck have a lamp ? 
  that 's not expensive , just painful . 
  well , were you playing it when you caused the nuculear meltdown ? 
  you 're right , apologies . 
  in best korea it is a meltup . 
  i 'm even afraid to ask , how expensive can a broken jaw get in there ? 
  there are at least two definitions of feminism , and i 'm going to go with op 's ` feminism/equality ' quote and not with the rather unfortunate domain name to assume it is the good , civil definition of feminism . 
  there are actually several women in this subreddit , they 're all lurkers , except three or four . 
  and even if they do n't identify as feminists ( you make it sound like they do n't identify as woman , btw  ) , i reckon that 'd be what op is also looking for . 
  i mean , she did n't ask for feminists , just women . 
  ah , of course . 
  on / r/portugal , silly me . 
  america . 
  either option is terrifying . 
  ducks are assholes . 
  it is . 
  and sure , it is only natural that you can feel your country 's appeal , i feel the same for mine , even if it is certainly in worse economical conditions . 
  but , i dunno , i do n't get why the us is a better option than most first world countries . 
  it is feminism . 
  but it is n't a hot topic around here , although there are some issues . 
  still , best of luck finding someone , but whoever she is , i doubt she 'll respond in this thread . 
  expect pms , i guess . 
  you 've never seen ducks biting and raping each other , have you ? 
  i do n't think that law works for a giant duck dong . 
  i have to admit , from a complete outside pov , canada seems like a polite and civil version of the us . 
  or the us sounds like a wild , crazier version of canada , if you prefer . 
  indeed . 
  i 'd rather have one godzilla-sized duck than one goose . 
  correct , the leviathan 's speech mention how the catalyst developed an army to search for the answer and how , being the apex culture for so long , the leviathan race was not expecting to be attacked at all , and was thus destroyed . 
  i have to admit , the only reason i get at least a bit of this is because of the giant purple dildo . 
  oh man , i only noticed the nasty side of that sentence now that you mention it ... 
  in northern portugal they pronounce vs as bs . 
  this could work . 
  always that damn loch ness monster showing up !, 
  he 's lonely , but he is n't the only one . 
  ler means read in portuguese , what does it do in swedish ? 
  not with guns , we do n't . 
  what do you want to compare it with ? 
  you 're right , it is boring . 
  that 's why i stopped doing it after the first week , and still lost about 90 pounds . 
  my tactic is simple : if i feel hungry , i look for something healthy to eat . 
  it does n't matter when . 
  if , however , i see an item i really want to eat something but do not feel hungry , i wait . 
  it 's hard , i know , and it takes time to get used to it . 
  but as far as i can tell you personally , it fucking works . 
  and without any boring calorie counting or painful working out . 
  which i , nevertheless , recommend for better performance . 
  btw , it helps if you eat reaaaly slow . 
  like , one bite every minute or two . 
  the only problem about stopping when satiated is that the stomach has a sort of timer that starts when you start eating and stops after a while , almost independent of the amount eaten . 
  you can eat your ice cream , just eat it slowly ( and enjoy it ) and less . 
  and yes , unless you find it in yourself to immediately cut and change everything suddenly ( i got lucky , fell in love , although afterwards it was pointless ) , then take it slow , but never fall back . 
  be tough about it . 
  edit : sorry about silly mistakes , esl and auto-correct ... 
  manda as que quiseres , mas se acrescentas algo parvo , levas downvotes . 
  me too . 
  i love getting hammered with beer , wine or few other drinks . 
  however , i hate shots and drinks like that and , from over a decade of experience , granted the possibility of still being wrong , i am absolutely conviced that most people actually do n't like drinking at all , or only actually enjoy a few specific drinks , but do most out of social pressure , or just getting drunk fast . 
  which is exactly why we do n't say anything to cashiers ; we are polite and thank them for the service after we 're done , but we 're never meeting again and we do n't pretend to . 
  i 'm kinda looking at capaldi as an older , angrier , darker tennant .
