  mind you , scientific theory is not the same as normal layman theory which is synonym to a guess . 
  so , to answer your question , gravity itself is neither a law nor a theory . 
  it 's a real physical phenomenom that can be observed and its effects measured . 
  that said , there are laws of gravity ( newton 's , for instance ) that allows to calculate said effects , and there are theories to attempt and explain said effects . 
  you probably only get supermarket apples . 
  i 've had it happen to me , from my grandfather 's ochard years ago . 
  the law is supposed to be unbiased , he would go to jail for life . 
  unless he 's rich , that is . 
  just curious , what 's tier 1 country ? 
  something like first world country ? 
  fat is energy , but not nutrients . 
  is n't it actually for genetic reasons ? 
  nah , i 'm implying even animals avoid doing it because it fucks up the gene pool . 
  with patches of reason . 
  this is probably good in another language . 
  that 's some pretty big tumor . 
  it may be a little different : smoking is a physical addiction , religion is a psychological addiction . 
  i am no expert or anything , and your body does produce physical results from a psychological addiction , but i do n't think it is nearly as strong . 
  from personal experience , i did have a gaming addiction for a couple of years that , one day , i just snapped out of . 
  so i could say that one does not really need to want to quit religion , but one still probably needs to want to listen to reason . 
  if they just blow the cornets of ignorance , your patches of reason are as good as nothing . 
  if it 's an accident , no . 
  but you should probably tell him so he does whatever purification rites they have . 
  that is , if you 're in a first world country , i would seriously not do it if you 're working in an arab country . 
  try to find out why she wants the tattoo in the first place ; chances are it 's on an impulse like most 12 year olds . 
  then you should try and show her that doing things on impulse is seldom a good idea . 
  wow , this is a load of bullshit . 
  i think i 'm glad i ca n't even open the goddamn site in the title . 
  i 've only felt truly human and a being of our planet after i realised that there is nothing special about humanity . 
  it has made helping people far easier and far more rewarding because i 'm helping other beings who suffer and rejoice the same as i do . 
  i have no regards for an idea of heaven or a reward , and that itself makes me feel better for myself . 
  i 've only looked to the wonders of the world in true awe after i realised that they are all result of what looks to be random chance but is indeed the result of transformations in the very large and very small scales of space and time , and not created . 
  truthfully , i feel the world is a much better and funnier place if there is no one dictating our lifes . 
  indeed , that was the way of the centuries before us , where people had kings and lords . 
  to still follow that would be to be a fool . 
  as for why join the community ? 
  i 'm human ; i need belonging . 
  it depends a lot on your body 's capability to digest . 
  it can go from about one day to one week . 
  bethoveen did it . 
  looks like a couple of gingers kissing each other . 
  who has n't ? 
  and , what discover page ? 
  so first you do n't want judgement , then you judge . 
  how 's that funny ? 
  american english is pretty darn fast too ... 
   brazilain : is that music , dancing , or speaking ? 
  this makes me sad . 
  you got all others right , then you fail here :(, 
  for the future , it 's brazilian portuguese !, 
  wow , nuisance , brilliant name for a cat !, 
  so they 're one and the same ? 
  mind blown !, 
  talk with an accent ? 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  england 's english has no accent !, 
  i 'm cool with being legendary when i 'm alone . 
  you do n't . 
  all you can hope for is that you can succeed in explaining your parents your view . 
  ilish supplies showing the end of the rainbow would be even better !, 
  i concur only in the way that i like the gloomy , post-time war doctor that both christopher and david were supposed to represent . 
  the eleventh is n't . 
  keep in mind it 's still sort of a kid 's show . 
   america 's involvement in foreign affairs has been inherently positive . 
  looks like a goddamn ion cannon if i ever saw one ... 
  so , who ? 
  link , please . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://zerobs.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/capacity-of-noahs-ark-vs-titanic.png ) ? 
  you just are n't subscribed into several of those subreddits . 
  if you want to see them again , click the [ / r/all ] ( / r/all ) link up there , just right of ` my subreddits ' . 
  ca n't you find out who did it trough that site or something and pursue justice ? 
  i realise it 's a long shot , but still , that should n't be allowed to pass . 
  such a great place for discrete public sex . 
  christian ! = creationist . 
  `` how i feel when my scouting probe does n't die . '', 
  i saw that , did n't realise it was his cellphone , was wondering what it was . 
  have a sit and think of something classy she 'll love , if you 're really interested in being romantic . 
  it 's not your iphone . 
  you just ca n't post a link and add text at the same time in reddit . 
  the internet is a source of information . 
  nothing more . 
  it 's what you do with it , or how you interpret it ( eg , read bullshit and believe it ) that can be wrong . 
  you are most correct . 
  that is why i said i realise it 's a long shot . 
  i saw this post of yours just after i woke up today , but because i was sleepy i forgot about it . 
  sorry about that . 
  when i wrote that post i felt inspired , and did hope i would touch you , or someone . 
  made me feel better . 
  however , i 'd have to say making a woman bleed was a totally unforeseen consequence , 
  americans are n't really known for being good fighters without technology . 
  i 'm pretty sure every country that has american training protocols has a joke about the gi who got lost because his gps broke . 
  but yeah , this is just a stereotype . 
  i reckon the truth is that your weapon industry lobby is just too strong . 
  this is a terrible way to say americans are greedy . 
  there is more than enough ammount of energy and labour ( goods are a subproduct ) in our world to keep us fed for the centuries left for space colonization to start . 
  you 've never heard an italian speak , have you ? 
  that 's just joyful !, 
  i have no oil , so , no . 
  i 'm 26 and i do n't know a damn thing about banking and anything financial .
