  greed brought white people to other continents , but greed allied with religion exterminated the natives . 
  out of curiosity , what documentary is that ? 
  you should stop caring if he exists or not and start realising you do n't actually need him . 
  i do n't mean this in an apatheistic way : what i 'm saying is that your mind is used to have god in it , so just go on about your days thinking `` why would i need a god for what i 'm doing right now ? '', 
  and you may eventually stop thinking about him at all . 
  reported for spam , but this does gets funnier if you replace photography with pornography :(, 
  ignorance is bliss indeed . 
  but a decadent , degrading bliss . 
  i do n't see the correlation . 
  they based it on religion because they were religious . 
  if they were n't religious they would have based it in other things they like , say nature or women or ancient starcraft . 
  he would be booed for impersonating himself , and called a fag for being a socialist . 
  tags : athiest bible ( 1 ), 
  i assume it 's a typo , thought you should know . 
  wow , weird , i got that book and the audiobook read by hitchens himself for my tablet , and today i actually imagined how fun it would have been if i went to church with headphones on reading and listening to that while the others do the service . 
  that 's an horrible conclusion . 
  what country is this ? 
  that 's no problem seeing fbi is n't canadian . 
  why not just the us armed forces ? 
  those are free to enter wherever they please !, 
  maybe you do give money to spite religion , it does n't mean others do . 
  who gives an actual fuck why anyone donates to charity , as long as that money is used for actual help and not useless books ? 
  btw , what 's a good atheist ? 
  a good human being that happens to not be theist ? 
  or an atheist that follows the guidelines of atheism ? 
  reason i ask is because you 're sort of making atheism a kind of institution with rules ( i.e. 
  helping others ) when it 's nothing of the sort . 
  what truly scares me is how much work done by free thinkers in ancient times were destroyed by this logic . 
  nothing wrong with being proud of yourself for donating , is there ? 
  so at least two of us were ex-ter-mi-naaaa-ted ? 
  til about those commands and that dragging increases image size using reddit enhancement suite ( or is it something else ? 
  or he just spends a lot of time on the internet , like those of us without english classes . 
  someone please tell me this is a fucking joke . 
  i do apologize , but it is in the us . 
  i would have no hard time believing someone did this to avoid paying taxes or some bullshit like that . 
  the very idea of a church of atheism disgusts me so , yes , i am inclined to take it seriously . 
  that is why i need confirmation from someone less prejudiced than me !, 
  and where are you from ? 
  the word spreads legs ? 
  i 'm 26 . 
  i lived on my own for 5 years , but had to get back to roots because there just are n't jobs around here . 
  no reason not to do this . 
  [ portugal ] ( http://www.apcl.pt/presentationlayer/ctexto_01.aspx?ctextoid=34&amp;ctlocalid=13 ) . 
  not a kid , i just wish my sword is in flames and very powerful . 
  last time i used mine it bounced back :(, 
  as long as it 's only themselves who get fucked . 
  i enjoy christmas because it 's the only time in the year the entire family reunites . 
  i enjoy being with my family . 
  supernatural means it is outside of natural laws , it does n't imply existance or lack of . 
  religion of secular humanism . 
  really ? 
  oh , i agree , i do n't think supernatural exists either . 
  but the word supernatural does not inherently mean unreal . 
  thus the argument is not valid . 
  this may be a language problem ( i 'm not english native speaker ) , but let 's say natural pertains to that which can be explained by scientific laws . 
  indeed , those must exist . 
  but that does n't mean there could n't possibly be things that also exist but can not be explained by science . 
  i 'm not saying there are , i 'm just approaching this syllogism from a semantic point of view . 
  because he 's from texas . 
  it 's either that or six feet under . 
  try the international version . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't part of the problem the excess production on developed countries being incinerated because it 's too expensive to send it to poor countries , as it is too costly ? 
  ask her what she would feel if you did n't go . 
  if she understands , then great , if not , then decide what 's best for your relationship . 
  surely you can stand two hours of hypocrisy for months or years of not talking to your sister over religion . 
  on a purely strategic point of view , islam , because it 's the one farther away from disappearing . 
  is [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/week#christian_.22eighth_day.22 ) what you mean ? 
  because holy shit , in my country ( portugal , heavily catholic in traditions ) we usually say that what is happening in one week is happening in eight days , and i could never understand that as it never made any sense to my mathematical mind . 
  ah , like that , of course . 
  funnily enough , in portuguese the days of the week are fully christian based , although months are equal to pretty much every other romanic language . 
  nukes + no oil + china 's backyard . 
  oh , and no terrorist scapegoats . 
  can you explain it to me ? 
  something was lost in translation :(, 
  cyborgs . 
  i 'd rather stay human than turn into a megalomaniacal beast . 
  is n't it filled with muslims anyway ? 
  we 're atheist , not capitalist . 
  it 's not quite the same thing . 
  only in the way that it is public . 
  if the american super bowl started with an execution , it would indeed be more barbaric than what it is now , no ? 
  top right corner of the small window . 
  if you do n't give a damn about special effects and go for the show 's pure awesomeness , you 'll be fine !, 
  i love those two players . 
  on a side note , what kind of accent is that ? 
  i kept thinking of [ mayor quimby ] ( http://www.allfreevectors.com/images/free%20vector%20mayor%20quimby%2001%20the%20simpsons1330.jpg ) :|, 
  this is science . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i also think the world is going to be uninhabitable if we do n't stop wasting so damn much , but the only role christians play in it is being politicians in the most wasteful country on earth . 
  edit : well , not the only one , of course !, 
  actually , the energy we get from the sun on earth is far more than enough to sustain us for the time being ( [ quick google source ] ( http://www.ecoworld.com/energy-fuels/how-much-solar-energy-hits-earth.html ) ) . 
  we still mostly use it with photosyntesis and other solar-related phenomena , but we do n't really need to go to space for energy . 
  well , you certainly do n't seem to have a speech impediment to me , but then again i do n't speak english natively so that may decieve me . 
  it honestly reminded me of mayor quimby , which also made it all more funny to listen . 
  also , i hope you do n't mind me saying that it felt a bit superfluous to pretty much read what the players were saying on the very first game . 
  i have n't had time to check any others yet ( i should n't even be on reddit damnit !, 
  ) , and i understand it might be a strategy you casters use to always keep talking - after all you did add your own thoughts about it . 
  i wish i could do that , i 'm too much of a quiet guy . 
  but it still felt that way . 
  yeah , i figured it 's part of your mental process , so it did n't really bother me .
