  oh , i only saw the big grin on the second gif loop & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  who gives a shit ? 
  i think european societies just have more general maturity . 
  it 's kinda the same with humans , young people do stupid shit and care too much , old people do n't give a fuck and make less mistakes . 
  i would n't relate it with just christianity or right-wing politics , because we have both , but rather with a generally tolerant culture . 
   patents would be used for the greater good but at the expense of the patentee, 
  what 's rational about this ? 
  almost everyone wears jeans around here . 
  no worries about that . 
  i would love to be able to dislike shit on facebook !, 
  obligatory tipping . 
  and that 's when i 'd use the like button , most likely !, 
  i reckon you had a lot of toys as a child . 
  this is a piss poor attempt at a fake ama . 
  colombus did n't discover america . 
  thing is , where you generally have six employees , we have one ( figures could vary if i would be bothered with a proper source ) . 
  so we do n't really pay higher prices as far as i know , and that tax money is put into use for things like healthcare and social help . 
  oh , yeah , shit , how could i have forgotten about this one . 
  it does really puzzle me immensily !, 
  travel to a different country/culture , if you can afford it . 
  after-sex snack . 
  you do know that european kings have little to no power , right ? 
  they 're basically the representative branch of government . 
  for example , the queen of england being head of state of canada . 
  it 's the money they use that people complain about . 
  as portuguese , i do n't mind him saying that in regards of how retardely they both laugh on the internets . 
  as an overweight non-american who eats very little ( less than my skinny friends , i assure you ) , i can tell you that while eating healthy , non-american ( i 'm sorry , but your food is just bad in every sense compared to ours ) food , i still can not lose weight easily because of severe flat feet . 
  healthy food is important , but walking/running is even more . 
  i have some weights i lift to try and help , but it is not enough . 
  i tried swimming , but to be honest , i kinda gave it up after i realised i had to get butt naked in the dressing room surrounded with skinny , bulky men . 
  it 's too embarassing . 
  you 're free to disagree , we live in a free world . 
  however , i ca n't see where i was trying to validate anything at all . 
  was merely pointing out that eating healthy is indeed not all that can be done . 
  i hate to be the one asking , i saw the series multiple times , but i do n't get it . 
  is it the dinosaur toy ( a la wash ) ? 
  or is there something else i ca n't see ? 
  they are hidden , so predators wo n't eat them . 
  what you get each spring generally is indeed a whole new generation . 
  not to be snarky , but i thought that was sort of a trend in the whole uneducated part of the us . 
  the holocaust . 
  everyone knows that ; what are you , american ? 
  was n't that intro in pretty much every damn sega game ? 
  indeed you are correct . 
  my fault for not being more precise . 
  so true . 
  there are no fraternities in my country , but this seems like the kind of story that would make the average people facepalm and forget about all and any good things being in a fraternity can bring . 
  do rider and ride train their facial expressions together ? 
  bullshit , i loved tearing my brother 's brain out in multiplayer turok 2 !, 
  that 's such a good source for imagination and happy dreams . 
  it 's quite easy to see those parents do it because they 're frustrated they never had the chance . 
  think about it : this explains how mary was a virgin when jesus was conceived . 
  [ life is beautiful ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118799/ ) . 
  this is just a matter of numbers , really : most american children get lucky and do just that , but out of the millions there are , a few are born from frustrated fatherfuckers who ruin their lives . 
  reposts of old images with the title ` look what i did/this happened to me/etc ' . 
  and srs . 
  this . 
  or xenon . 
  it could have been a tablet . 
  altough , probably not . 
  i 'm stuck staring at her eyes . 
  i 'm really curious and generally awful at analyzing art : is that supposed to be the tenth doctor or i 'm just seeing things ? 
  how old is the picture ? 
  he seemed so young there . 
  haha , yeah , there 's just something with the glasses , the tardis/dark blue background and those ` who ? ', 
  that made me think that way . 
  coffee . 
  i only started drinking it this year and i 've noticed huge differences between how sleepy i generally was and how active i feel now . 
  you make it sound like this man never did anything else . 
  that 's goebbels we 're talking here !, 
  what is this specific situation ? 
  any idea ? 
  that 's okay , thank you . 
  why not tony ? 
  indeed , this is so much better than having to google ` timezone la to gmt ' everytime i watch something from there . 
  stop blocking the rain . 
  trees love rain . 
  not for me , it would n't . 
  where i live we use gmt . 
  ah i see the confusion . 
  when i said ` watch something from there ' , i meant la , not dreamhack . 
  and now that i think of it , i meant las vegas , not los angeles ... 
  and yeah , the reason i 'd have to search timezone la is because i have no clue what it actually is . 
  i 'm portuguese , and today i learned the british use a different name for a timezone we share . 
  oh , great britain , i can not say i am surprised . 
  ` why was i brought to america ? ', 
  i 'm just used to gmt ( and add +1 if needed at the time ) . 
  plus , ` la to wet ' probably wo n't get the results i want . 
  in hell for gore . 
  the chav world 's # 1 online dissing game . 
  that 's great , i can even ask for a place rather than timezone . 
  thanks . 
  i 've never seen that brand before ( not american ) , but i ca n't stop enjoying the irony of a sports store called dick 's . 
  a body orbits another body in the plane they were captured in the first place . 
  that 's what happens , generally , with comets , asteroids and even bigger bodies , like pluto . 
  the eight planets , however , were never captured . 
  they were created in the beggining of the solar system , when the center of the sun 's primitive molecular cloud started spinning over itself . 
  the result of this spinning was a compact disc with a big center - something like the figure of our galaxy . 
  the center would become the sun , the disc , which is on a plane , would become the planets . 
  and cork , if you would be so kind to not forget to mention our only important export !,
