  religion , buildings , luxury items and , most importantly , settler difficulty . 
  okay ? 
  not quite sure why you are repeating what i said . 
  shit yeah , i 've been actually afraid to tank shit because people are so bad-mannered nowadays , and i do n't know the quickest paths or anything . 
  now i read here that i should stop caring and do whatever the fuck i want because i 'm the tank people so desperately need and they wo n't kick me because that would mean a wasted keystone . 
  maybe i should just start by saying i do n't know the best paths . 
  no idea what you are talking about . 
  but wait , are the planets sort of their eggs which they either crack or escape if gaseous or they actually go around with the titan on the inside ? 
  and what would be the implications for life either way ? 
  country | 2016 rank | 2015 rank | 2014 rank | 2013 rank | 2012 rank | 2011 rank | 2010 rank | 2009 rank | 2008 rank, 
  portugal | 5 | 11 | 18 | 18 | 16 | 17 | 13 | 15 | 14, 
  itt : portuguese people who most likely play in english * complaining about the mistake . 
  * because the portuguese translation is brazilian and we ca n't stand it . 
  so does something happen to people like that ? 
  the rude telemarketer telling a mother that he 'd rape her daughter ( 5:38 ) . 
  = if ( column ( ) < = row ( ) , `` data '' , '' '' ), 
  i 'd change a bit :, 
  orc warrior, 
  human death knight, 
  dwarf hunter, 
  not sure about worgen lorewise to be honest , could always go for shadow priest . 
  my dog would eat the bell . 
  goblins are small too , and i reckon they fit the treacherous stealthy fantasy of rogues much better than gnomes . 
  clouds are n't steam , they 're liquid water . 
  no it does n't , it rains when the water drops are either too big due to accumulation or too heavy due to temperature . 
  to put it simply . 
  just get elvui shadow & light from curse as well and use one their profiles which is already setup . 
  it 's the one that 's imprisoned during blood dk 's artifact quest for horde . 
  alliance has a dwarf . 
  logan says 40k a day , but that was 35 years ago . 
  death gate does the same . 
  sure , so i guess that if op is interested in today 's value , it does n't really matter . 
  \u00c9 atalho no browser ? 
  [ skyfury totem ] ( http://www.wowhead.com/spell=204330/skyfury-totem ) is a great addition to any wb fight . 
  what 's the big red crosses by the end of the video atop some players bars ? 
  are those the healers ? 
  op , are you me ? 
  i created a dwarf hunter waay back in vanilla because of the cinematic too !, 
  how did you name people in skada ? 
  to put it to some perspective , that 's about 60 atm of pressure above you ( that is , there 's 60 times more pressure than in the surface ) , which corresponds to a mass of 600 tonnes per square meter , or 120000 pounds per square foot ( sorry , i 'm really not sure what units of weight and area are in imperial : / ) above . 
  that and being terrible at foreign languages . 
  if that 's how references worked , scientific papers would be hilariously confusing . 
  but that is not how they work so they 're not . 
  ## = if ( left ( b6 ,3 ) = `` m\u00edn '' ,0 , b6 * 7 ), 
  is naga a sub-race ? 
  i really love that title . 
  and the guild 's name . 
  this is something brazillian translators have always done and the # 1 reason i do n't play or see anything in brazillian portuguese . 
  not trying to be mean or anything , but i find it funny a woman playing a male night elf when 99 % of interesting videos are of men playing female blood elves . 
  do you play a orc warrior and him not that kind of orc ? 
  o & concatena strings em excel , as '' '' delimitam as ditas strings . 
  nop . 
  normalmente gentes do campo . 
  maybe i 'm missing something , but is the number of wings relevant ? 
  oh my mistake then . 
  in warcraft iii , he consumes the skull of gul ` dan and gains his metamorphosis ability . 
  maybe this is the demon within we 're talking about here ? 
   deves usar ate 30 %, 
  that blood dk sure loves his versatility . 
  does that enchant he has on cloak actually work at level 110 ? 
  yeah i know . 
  it used to be 10 % speed but got nerfed . 
  i need to check if it 's actually better than +200 strength . 
  and if it stacks with nelf racial ( 2 % speed as well ) . 
  because good lord , are dks slow as fuck . 
  hey , thanks for answering !, 
  if you do n't mind me asking a couple more questions regarding talents , is that the build you use for m + ? 
  i quite like tremble before me myself too ( i guess proccing the ring also helps ) but it always seems that tightening grasp may be a better option due to its kiting possibilities . 
  also , i 'm assuming the damage in 25 is just too high not to use purgatory , but what do you feel about bonestorm for trash packs ? 
  it is n't really affected by haste much but versatility does improve it . 
  i do n't have time for raiding and doing much content these days anymore , so thanks again for your answer !, 
  awesome , thanks for the answers !, 
  always nice to hear from experienced players . 
  english is a foreign language to me . 
  that 's because too many people rely on ilvl . 
  if you have a guild , try showing people you 're good and world will go by , and you 'll be invited . 
  i know pugs have to be done once in a while but there is no substitute to playing with friend in terms of coordination . 
  not only was the weapon always the largest stat stick , the actual damage ( as stated in it 's tooltip ) it does also matters a lot . 
  yes , i too recommend this one as it 's easy to read . 
   mrw my friend tells me their idea of fun is drinking alone in their room till they pass out, 
  i 'm sorry , but how the fuck is this european style ? 
  it 's in the image description ... 
  wait , what is chaos damage ? 
  edit : nvm , it 's just a multi-school of magic ( http://wow.gamepedia.com/chaos_ ( spell_school ) ), 
  are n't the void lords as old as the universe ? 
  what about withering scenario ones ? 
  does n't that scene show a planet behind that is clearly not azeroth but most likely argus or something of the sort ? 
  besides , she does mention the great dark beyond . 
  you could hide helm & cloak , that dude 's just showing off !, 
  out of curiosity , would n't, 
  = iferror ( index ( sheet1!b : b , match ( s111 , sheet1!c : c ,0 ) ) , '' '' ), 
  work ? 
  that said , what do you mean loading times ? 
  is it for when it starts only ? 
  if so you could always run a quick macro to run the formula if x cell is not blank and copy as value to save it from running if you accidently save it . 
  been there , know the feeling ... way i fixed it was to create a first sheet with a giant eiffel tower image , assigned a macro to it , and wrote some text to not do anything else . 
  is there a transcription somewhere ? 
  it gets a bit hard to understand some time with the accents and all for us non-native english speakers ... 
  find the one where you also only have to hit space instead of clicking dialogue and you 're set . 
  thanks !,
