  this is the starting point of the mayan long calendar . 
  i stand corrected then . 
  in [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maya_calendar] ( wikipedia ) , a source everyone likes ( yes , i am joking ) :, 
   this starting-point is equivalent to august 11 , 3114 bce, 
  i guess you missed the ( yes , i am joking ) part , then . 
  i 've seen you post this shit before . 
  as a esl person , this is what i think of every time i read triumph : http://www.triumph.com/global/#/index.html, 
  i suppose they mean night mode . 
  at least i just turned it on to check and it is indeed black . 
  with res :, 
  video que anda a circular pela net :, 
  the '' [ old man 's head ] ( http://mw2.google.com/mw-panoramio/photos/medium/57617343.jpg ) '' in portugal . 
  as far as i know , yes , but i think it only looks like this from one side only . 
  edit : for what it is worth , this region of portugal used to be glacier , on the last ice age . 
  i 'd wager that 's when this rock was formed . 
  his eyes are the saddest i 've ever seen . 
  they do , but the circumstances and how dark they are just make it all look like some deep sadness . 
  pol\u00edtico honesto ? 
  [ source ] ( https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=424575450931308 ) ( espero que funcione ) :, 
   - 01 arma branca ;, 
  they are phytoplankton , and that 's what happening here , i do believe , not plankton feeding on it . 
  that would have to be zooplankton , and i do n't think you can see those from space . 
  aragorn is actually a pretty good survivalist , being a eighty years old forest ranger . 
  not rain forest though , granted . 
  plus , sword . 
  i know , / r/italy is not the only subreddit i 'm asking this on . 
  i 'm still waiting for authorization from the british to post it there . 
  nevertheless , i do appreciate the advice . 
  i got it worse , i did n't read the word ` ad ' and was really puzzled . 
  i do have swedish friends , i might ask for their help with that , then , 
  thanks !, 
  that website looks great , i 'll take a good look at it , it will certainly be of help . 
  thank you !, 
  i have , and several other countries , 
  i can easily find thousands of sites on google , that 's what google is for . 
  i was looking for more experienced help , a human one . 
  i do n't see a reason for scolding here . 
  if you do n't want to see this in your subreddit , then just hide the post . 
  i can most certainly understand it . 
  what 's the difference between both attachable hair styles ? 
  sure . 
  he can hide from everyone , being invisible and all !, 
  i see . 
  that would explain why everyone is talking about brokers . 
  i suppose that is quite unique indeed , because none of the other subreddits i 've asked this on have told me about those . 
  thanks for the info . 
  yes , i understand that iceland is n't much better than portugal , but i 'm just expanding my options , really , 
  thanks for the website , i 'll have to take a look at how much the call would be , but it 's an option indeed . 
  i trust they would speak english ? 
  i used encyclopaedias to do my homework . 
  it was middle school , okay ? 
  likewise for every other language , really . 
  one of these days , someone will have to explain us old grandpas ( i 'm 27 , okay ? ), 
  what the fuck is so awesome about pok\u00e9mon that there are adults with children who love the damn thing . 
  shoveling snow instead ? 
  that 's not just it , trust me . 
  i grew up with dragon ball and some other good stuff , and i have n't touched it in years , because it 's a children 's cartoon . 
  there 's got to be something so great about pok\u00e9mon people ca n't get tired of it , and i personally ca n't understand why . 
  the games always look like the same . 
  then again , i do n't like playing games like fifa either because they always do look the same . 
  well-thought and researched opinions should be considered correct , or at least respected as such , because they are also based on personal experiences and the likes . 
  biased and unbased opinions , however , should never be considered correct , even if they 're right . 
  source : professor kaneco . 
  i would say you 're forgetting about the whole social weight pok\u00e9mon seems to have , even for anti-social people . 
  if everyone plays it , i must not be outcast/it must be good . 
  nevertheless , i suppose your post does explain , in your own point of view , why people stick to it so much . 
  i sounds a lot like personal opinion but it ca n't be too far from what everyone thinks , really . 
  thanks for taking the time to write it . 
  [ afonso de albuquerque ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afonso_de_albuquerque ) , a badass motherfucker . 
  top posts talking about reposts . 
  the front page of the internet , doh . 
  with a guiness ? 
  it 's called being rich . 
  or a pirate , whatever is cooler . 
  how does it relate to spaghetti in your pockets ? 
  so much vegetable . 
  jan has d , bobby has 2d + 25 , therefore , together , they have 3d + 25 . 
  no excuse for the triangle one , though . 
  i 'm not from denmark and i do n't find this funny . 
  actual zero gravity , never . 
  even if they were in a perfect vacuum universe with absolutely nothing but themselves , there 'd still be their own gravity . 
  i do n't . 
  i have no need for one . 
  all i need a phone for is to call and text , and a good crappy phone is enough . 
  plus , it does n't get stolen . 
  for other high tech stuff i bought a tablet . 
  i have n't , it 's pretty fucking obvious . 
  the remake is n't valve 's , it 's fan made . 
  and while i do recommend playing the heck out of it , it is n't finished yet , so you 'd miss out on the end chapter . 
  that said , you could play it , then play the original version again plus the ending . 
  after that , half-life 2 and episode 1 and 2 . 
  when you 're done with that , you 're welcome to wait for a 3 , any 3 , with the rest of us . 
  edit : oh shit , yeah , after half-life 1 you need blue shift , then opposing force , and then the second games . 
  you 're 16 . 
  wait ten years . 
  then you 'll understand why the world is so superficial . 
  that 's not the indestructible nokia , sorry . 
  i bet you americans are also taught that you saved europe in wwii . 
  insert -  insert equation . 
  they 'll be thinking `` haha , she 's old !,
