  why ? 
  world war i is commonly known as the great war in many places . 
  how is that unorthodox ? 
  i 've seen this before and i feel really dumb for asking : how do you gift units to another civ ? 
  oh , allright , it 's in the special options menu for the unit . 
  no wonder i had never seen that ... now i wonder two things : if there 's something else that is useful from that menu , and what benefits are there for giving units to another civ . 
  i was born in june 1985 . 
  can relate to failed nuclear potential :(, 
  not english native speaker , i do n't understand the last pun . 
  i know it 's sochi related , but what does it mean ? 
  so shit ? 
  read it as poorland before i remembered what the name actually is ... 
  they should just name it to forts who are so strong that you would have no other solution but to get to da choppa . 
  i 'm a bit biased , of course , but op should really see more of southern europe . 
  is it me or does the guy after her ( first pic ) looks like denzel washington ? 
  oh , i thought this was / r/cringepics or / r/facepalm ... 
  so pulling your kid in the middle of the road is okay ? 
  i 'd give you gold but, 
  why would you genocide mayflowers ? 
  can you even genocide plants ? 
  nop , jos\u00e9 . 
  that is ... slow . 
  space really is amazingly big . 
  shame people did n't get your joke . 
  i 'm a blue-eyed portuguese , but i 'm genetically black . 
   portugal begged the pope to move a previous arrangement that stated that they owned everything west of the canary islands , which was claimed for spain by columbus in his 1492 trip . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  from the wikipedia article :, 
   the treaty of tordesillas was intended to solve the dispute that had been created following the return of christopher columbus and his crew . 
  on his way back to spain he first reached lisbon , in portugal . 
  there he asked for another meeting with king john ii to show him the newly discovered lands . 
  after knowing of this situation the king sent a threatening letter to the catholic monarchs stating that by the previous alca\u00e7ovas treaty signed in 1479 ( confirmed in 1481 , with the papal bull \u00c6terni regis that granted all lands south of the canary islands to portugal ) all of the lands discovered by columbus belonged , in fact , to portugal . 
  also , the portuguese king stated that he was already making arrangements for a fleet to depart shortly and take possession of the new lands . 
  ** after reading the letter the catholic monarchs knew they did n't have any military power to match with the portuguese , so they pursued a diplomatic way out . 
  so , on 4 may 1493 the spanish-born pope alexander vi ** decreed in the bill inter caetera that all lands west and south of a pole-to-pole line 100 leagues west and south of any of the islands of the azores or the cape verde islands should belong to spain , although territory under catholic rule as of christmas 1492 would remain untouched . 
  you got it all wrong . 
  spain is the one who begged a spanish pope , not portugal , which already had almost a century of an unmatched colonial empire filled with riches . 
  furthermore , the meridian was moved west because portugal knew they 'd still control the indian ocean , which was the one that mattered at the time , as well as have a bit of control over the new undiscovered continent which , rumour says , was not undiscovered to portugal at all . 
  portugal was big in secrecy in that time , and unfortunately a fire in the national archives on the 1755 lisbon earthquake ( one of the biggest ever ) destroyed any hope we have of confirming portugal already knew about brazil . 
  but it is certainly possible . 
  nice of you to give them all a ride , but that was n't nice for your bro . 
  okay , let me have a look then . 
  keep in mind everything i say is about european portuguese because that 's what you want :, 
  you wrote :, 
  should be :, 
  we do say the personal pronouns ( i actually do n't know how you call them in english ! ), 
  in the sentences . 
  * isto * means this , * isso * means that . 
  thus , you wrote this [ text ] without a * translator * ( * tradutor * ) rather than * translation * ( * tradu\u00e7\u00e3o * ), 
  you wrote :, 
  should be :, 
  everything is fine , but situa\u00e7\u00e3o is a female noum ( as evidenced by the preceding * a * ) and thus the verb must reflect it . 
  you wrote :, 
  should be :, 
  the two verbs i used both work ( viver = to live , morar = to inhabit , to reside , to live ) , independently of the rest of the sentence , but the second one may be more correct as you are not repeating the subject of the sentence ( your friends ) twice . 
  still , both work , really . 
  you wrote :, 
  should be :, 
  you wrote :, 
  let me guess , you did use the translator and inserted something like `` the ukranian people has had enough with its corrupt president '' , yes ? 
  because that 's , word by word , what it says . 
  but the meaning in portuguese is entirely different . 
  it means something like `` the ukranian people were satisfied/had enough things with their president '' . 
  what you mean is :, 
  funnily enough , the meaning is the same as in english . 
  farto = plentiful , saturated . 
  * estar farto * = have plenty ( ie : a colheita foi farta = the harvest was plentiful ) , wherehas * estar farto de * = has had enough of ( ie , had so much you 're saturated and ready to blow up ) . 
  i would just replace originais with iniciais . 
  they are almost equivalent , but originais means the first that caused all the others , iniciais means just the first . 
  which i think was the case . 
  still , not really too relevant for you , i guess . 
  you wrote :, 
  should be :, 
  minor word tweaking . 
  any questions just ask . 
  you wrote :, 
  you really need to understand genders here . 
  a pen\u00ednsula ( da crimeia ) is a female noun , as evidenced by the * a * . 
  thus , the verb must reflect it . 
  therefore , it should be :, 
  you wrote :, 
  what do you mean ? 
  there is a boat connection between russia and ukraine in krech ? 
  if so , that 's what you should say . 
  you wrote :, 
  aut\u00f3noma in european portuguese . 
  and we do n't really say russophone . 
  should be :, 
  you wrote :, 
  bit confusing . 
  but i think you mean this :, 
  you do n't have to be so polite about the photo , and since there is only one , should be :, 
   * capturaram o aeoroporto internacional em simferopol ( foto ) . 
  you wrote :, 
  haha you 're amazing . 
  still , stop using the translator if you say you are n't using it :d, 
  should be :, 
  you wrote :, 
  should be :, 
  again , gender ,
