  was it changed ? 
  because what you say is what i see ... 
  can we have a noob flair so i do n't feel bad about asking quick questions here and there ? 
  that is a logarithmic graph , not exponential , and you can change what type of trendline you want when you add/edit trendlines :, 
  elemental shaman have an offboard rotor for shield !, 
  edit : shaman is the plural form too , right ? 
  english is a foreign language , and many people need that indeed !, 
  it should have been confirmation bias , not survivorship bias . 
  au draenor is a pocket reality , as in , there is nothing else in that universe besides draenor . 
  was it not c'thun ? 
  the son of a king could be born as only the son of a prince , tho . 
  that 's brazilian reais . 
  google tells me that 's about 110 usd . 
  nope , not sure , i can indeed be wrong . 
  the twisting nether interwines all realities and demons can access everything . 
  that was prince malchezar 's very line back in tbc 's karazhan . 
  shit man , we have something similar in portuguese , with the same meaning , and it never crossed my mind : ei-lo ( kinda reads like hello ) . 
  as a portuguese , there 's no way this is true . 
  the median should at least be two . 
  he was also the king of portugal at the time . 
  should have noted the important part for the treaty at hand : he was spanish . 
  portugal held all the cards except that one . 
  how are you replacing the symbol ? 
  manually ? 
  ca n't you create a new helper column with, 
  = value ( substitute ( a1 , '' < '' , '' '' ) ), 
  and just format the entire column as you wish ? 
  dunno about you guys , but i 'd love that carrying swords around ( fake ones tho ) was fashionable . 
  also cloaks . 
  i love him and every fucking dog on the planet !, 
  i do n't think you will find anyone on this subreddit that was alive back then , so all you 'll have for how daily life was is hearsay really . 
  utc is where it should be . 
   do know that when you go to a restaurant they will often put cheese , olives , bread etc at the table ; those are paid for extra ( if you want them ) , but usually cost around or less than $ 1 each . 
  if in doubt , ask . 
  to clarify , they will put those things in your table without asking , but you need n't eat it if you do n't want , and you must n't pay if you do n't eat it . 
  be sure to check the bill because they may try to scam you . 
   will my southern ( us ) manners translate ? 
  americanisms i should leave at home ? 
  this is an americanism on itself , to compare the rest of the world to america and expecting us to know the answer . 
  we do n't really know what southern us manners are . 
  just try to avoid the `` in america we do like this '' and go for the `` how do you do here ? '' . 
  as an example , avoid your usual american multinational restaurants and coffee shops and search for local places . 
  i guarantee you will be satisfied 100 % of the times . 
  also , avoid tourist restaurants . 
  basically , avoid any place that has a guy whose job is to stand at the entrance to show you the menu . 
  ... decimals ? 
   shaman , one of the best healers during wotlk . 
  elemental was very strong too . 
  not sure if you 're talking raids or pvp here ... elemental was never very strong in raids . 
  it was allright , but mainly because of the buffs . 
  i had all wotlk realm firsts on my ele and i can tell you it was really hard to keep convincing my rl to bring me in . 
  without the help of my fellow casters telling him that they needed my buffs , i would have never been in the raids . 
  i do n't think i ever topped the charts , or even ever been top 5 . 
  then again that is exactly why i played shaman ( to buff others ) so i was okay with it . 
  yeah they do . 
  just run the `` i 've been hacked '' help section . 
  you know , maybe each faction of the aol is fighting on their own homeworld . 
  it 's a bit far fetched , i know , but i guess that 's a good a reason as any other . 
  monument to azorean emmigrants ? 
  i have no idea why you chose any of those spots . 
  why start in spain and end in estonia ? 
  what 's with the two elephants in the map ? 
  i read once ( can not remember where ) that it all started due to the romans . 
  italy is plain in the south and hilly in the north , exacerbated by the alps . 
  but take this with a grain of salt , of course . 
  ah right . 
  but perhaps volantis should also have a tiger in the background ? 
  there 's plenty of space for one right there !, 
  that happens in every city . 
  we have so many good restaurants yet more often than not you see tourists eating at mcdonald 's or starbucks . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  it 's ironic coming from americans tbh because they always seem to eat in the shittiest places possible ( read , multinationals ) when visiting my city , instead of the great local places . 
  i know i 'm generalizing obviously , but still ... 
  all those stuns is what made me quit pvp on my shaman back in tbc . 
  itt : americans feeling what we feel for many a us-only item . 
  if i had the means i would definitely help you guys , but i already have to pay 10 extra $ as it is ... 
  op how 's the quality ? 
  that 's okay because germany has eagles . 
  as a portuguese , this map is fucking awful . 
  sport and/or consumption, 
  or the undeceived . 
  why do you say that ? 
  he keeps talking about rebirth and even talks about eonar ( her essence ) . 
  there is a datamined line that goes something like `` oh noes , we are doomed , look to the sky , he is here !, 
  epa . 
  velociraptors were n't tall , they were nowhere as big as jurassic park makes you believe . 
  in : https://www.livescience.com/23922-velociraptor-facts.html, 
   adult velociraptors grew up to 6.8 feet ( 2 meters ) long , 1.6 feet ( 0.5 meter ) tall at the hip and weighed up to 33 lbs . 
  ( 15 kilograms ) . 
  what would you prefer , one jurassic park sized velociraptor or 100 real sized velociraptors ? 
  so newcastle is mordor ? 
  just to be sure , what do you define as a lorry ? 
  os users do r/portugal . 
  that does not mean the universe is symmetrical . 
  it could be an elongated horse saddle for all we know . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/32vgfgg.png ) or a variant should work fine . 
  yes , there are marked regions in the eu that protect the products by making sure their name is directly linked to the region they are made . 
  examples are indeed champagne and cheddar , but also other stuff like port wine ( only made in the porto region ) . 
  this is going to sound ignorant from me but what speaking of cheeses i never really think about the netherlands either ... 
  any particular recommendation ?
