  edit : wait , i [ stand corrected ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/noob ) . 
  let 's say a train moves at 100 km/h ( ~ 28 m/s ) . 
  if that woman 's belly did arrive a few seconds after the rest , say 4 , she would have had a belly the size of a football field . 
  that 's quite fat . 
  thus it would arrive at the same time , not a few seconds later !, 
  this is the problem with relativity , you see ? 
  my faculty has something like 5000 students . 
  it 's got something like 100 parking spots ( and a garage for professors ) . 
  it also has the subway close . 
  indeed . 
  the smells of spices and exotic fruits and animals . 
  india is awesome . 
  english is n't my first language : i would have said ` under what ' ... 
  okay , this is a noobish question , but how the heck do people get kills so fast with assault rifles ? 
  people just melted in the one with the nightvision ... 
  hope you get people to play with , but it could help if you mentioned what zone you play in . 
  agora toma : [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ), 
  to be fair , there is no c in argentina either . 
  it would have still been better if a single nuke was used in sight of the imperial palace , not killing anyone . 
  at first i thought ussr was just letting sk know it 's its turn ... 
  those are some slow news rolling in . 
  also , that is the biggest microphone i 've ever seen . 
  did n't martin luther king jr. kinda do that ? 
  i was n't learning the language , but i was talking to an austrian friend once and pronounced his country 's name ( \u00d6sterreich ) as ostrich . 
  he laughed . 
  i 'm here to laugh and get informed about news and important stuff . 
  it does neither . 
  it 's sunday . 
  cheer up . 
  i thought the poor fox was going to get eaten instead ... what the hell is that thing ? 
  obama , so i could thank him later . 
  no homo , so it 's allright . 
   some of the most successful and influential people, 
  i 'd wager this is the reason . 
  it was mostly due to economical and political reasons . 
  i think the female to male ratio is worse . 
  not sure what it says about me that i do n't know any of the cars but i know that 's vasco da gama on the left . 
  i 'm not sure who the other one is . 
  who is it and why did you pick them ? 
  what 's the drudge report ? 
  try to indoctrinate him . 
  into anything , religion or a football team or whatever . 
  no , i 'd rather him choose a team he would have the most fun with rather than choosing one because otherwise he 'll get beaten up . 
  yes , sumol beats every other soda !, 
  better to die inside the hospital than outside to be honest . 
  because the website 's called reddit , there 's nothing against posting things you read else where , even if you read it on reddit . 
  i 've always wondered why clowns thought that doing rolls or whatever was supposed to be funny . 
  this video shows me why !, 
  mtv solves no issues anywhere . 
  i do n't see how watching it in brazil is causing more or less troubles than in , say , the us . 
  do a  before the text . 
   like so . 
  i get what you 're saying , but that 's not necessarily true . 
  maybe she was just not interested in her . 
  after all , she was talking to her friend before mathilde came along . 
  who knows what she did after that ? 
  you ca n't conclude a person 's personality from one particular conversation . 
  hah , that must have been quite the surprise logging back on to 3500 karma and 4 gold !, 
  how is it confusing ? 
  yes , i get it , the symbol is still a caduceus and not a snakestick emblem . 
  also , the caduceus is de facto symbol for medics in the us army anyway , is n't the controversy already over ? 
   scout helis are only moderately affective, 
  awww ? 
  so how do you pronounce it ? 
  you confused me . 
  the fuck ups with soviet and japanese flags ... 
  mostly drugs . 
  once in a while someone posts about our crazy doctor who thought it was a good idea to cut out people 's brains and won a nobel prize out of it . 
  can confirm , we 're not real . 
  uhm , english is my second language , but i think it 's still correct ... maybe it 's british english ? 
   so an advertisement for a publicly-funded , democratically provisioned program is propaganda ? 
  it is n't ? 
  unreal :(, 
  as portuguese , i am both proud and in awe of the brazil seen in these pictures . 
  thanks !, 
  it took me the other comic to realise the two meanings of pole ... 
  this is great . 
  i love knifing people , hate being knifed !, 
  not portugal , 
  if it was truly infinity it 'd just be white . 
  hype . 
  i have two questions :, 
  what is the symbolism between clouds in all panels but that the last ? 
  why are the shadows in the last panel wrong ? 
  you forgot fedora tipping and shots fired . 
  i 've never seen vagina bacon though . 
  not sure i want to . 
  that is exactly right , water vapour is invisible . 
  there is water vapour everywhere , but you can not see it . 
  clouds in the sky are nothing more but points of temperature and pressure ( mainly the former ) at which your air ca n't hold any more water vapour and the water becomes liquid , which you can now see . 
  basically this :, 
  try 1015 . 
  so was i , tbh . 
  having quite a bit of fun watching all this insane search . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think it 's awesome how the entire community units towards a goal . 
  it 's still helluva fun to watch from the outside , and since i ca n't afford the time to play these days i 'll try to say a joke here and then !, 
  it 's almost like you 're under a giant metal dish or something !, 
  there has n't got to be a model to have an easter egg . 
  the buttons could just trigger a map wide dinosaur growl , and that 's it . 
  you are so fast at aiming it almost looks like you 're cheating , but since you 're also hitting immobile objects rather fast ( c4 ) it seems you really are that good .
