  that sounds something conan the barbarian would say , too . 
  i googled it . 
  it would seem it is the thomas jefferson high school for science and technology . 
  i 'm from portugal , my government ca n't afford it . 
  para parecer formal ? 
  it 's never why the doctor is ... 
  he 's a human being , why must you speak of him that way ? 
  doctor please . 
  because you have the shittiest cuisine and the british relate !, 
  of course your cuisine is good , it 's great , even , it 's mediterranean !, 
  but of the four countries you mentioned , it 's the worse !, 
  i 'm just kidding , my peninsular brother , i have no idea which country has it worse . 
  so which one of those conferences is letting us know about half-life 3 ? 
   my comment suggests laundry should be childrens work , and boom , instant downvotes . 
  that 's because there are more children than women here . 
  ou de l\u00ednguas . 
  is there a flair for gallifrey ? 
  i wonder if it has its own dragon . 
  i 'd be careful , it seems you are constantly surrounded by self unawareness . 
   as an american , ( ... ) a product of portugal . 
  hodor . 
  wrong topic ? 
  edit : nevermind . 
  what 's with / u/fedcom ? 
  i nationally prefer this one . 
  why ca n't it be somewhere in the middle ? 
  please tell me they kept that and that video is n't just of the shooting ... 
  well , sucks i ca n't watch netflix : /, 
  thanks for your curiosity , though !, 
  so ... what has become of your life ? 
  the saddest part is how politicians have to explain they 're not using it on americans , but it 's okay on foreigners , because , after all , we 're nothing more than second class human beings . 
  maybe it 's the coloured spaghetti in his pocket ? 
  [ adorable ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pskq3znq_o8 ) . 
  in case anyone is wondering , [ these ] ( http://www.joystiq.com/2013/06/12/xbox-one-will-support-live-in-these-countries-at-launch/ ) are said countries :, 
   * australia, 
   * brazil, 
   * finland, 
   * france, 
   * germany, 
   * ireland, 
   * italy, 
   * mexico, 
   * netherlands, 
   * new zealand, 
   * norway, 
   * spain, 
   * sweden, 
   * switzerland, 
   * united kingdom, 
  i do n't live in any of these ... 
  haha , you 're amazing !, 
  it sounds awfully weird when dubbed !, 
  i finally got a smartphone after nearly twenty years of brick phones , tried out twitter , i just do n't see the point in it . 
  am i supposed to write something every time i do anything , or what ? 
  there 's no point !, 
   although portuguese tend to make fun of brasilians for their accent, 
  we do ? 
  some of you people really ougth to use the time you waste in bullshit like this to help the world or something . 
  computadores ? 
  it must be hard to write with his hands down , to be honest ... 
  that one ring putin stole . 
  genuine question : you only speak of the implications to americans , but have you even considered the implications on us non-americans ? 
  do you , or in a general way , do americans even care about people who are just like you but born in a different place , and their rights to privacy ? 
  i really mean no offense , it 's just that it 's not only your people this affects . 
  like zelda voice acting is phenomenal ... 
  hey , listen !, 
  you see , but that 's not just brazil , really . 
  that 's the way the world works . 
  it 's right there , covering the torso . 
  it does n't aim the teenage demographic at all , wtf . 
  [ clarification ] ( http://www.gamebanshee.com/starwarskotor/npcs/images/hk-47.jpg ) : in particular , that is . 
  i gave up . 
  i 've been willing to post this for a while now . 
  i 'm quite proud of my loss and the gains in energy and mood i 've seen . 
  before anyone asks what happened , i 'm not going to give away any secret cheat code or whatnot to happiness . 
  i found a reason to do this ; i found someone i cared so much about i had to do it . 
  if you too can find a reason so strong that it will overcome your lazyness and make you realize that your condition is no longer acceptable , you will improve yourself . 
  i had a very sedentary lifestyle , and i ate a lot of bad stuff , a lot of home delivery or heavy fat meat from the restaurant below , so i can say with some degree of certainity that what i improved the most is to stop eating bad , and to move . 
  simply move . 
  i now walk 15 minutes to the subway every trip i make from and to home , rather than taking the bus . 
  i can walk for miles without any problem at all now , and i do it without even considering it too much ( other than what effect it may have on my considerably severe flat feet ) , and i go to the gym for some workout at least twice every week . 
  i never did try any specific diet or workout method . 
  i just moved more . 
  and the results are here to be seen . 
  if this can motivate at least one person and help him/her be happier , i will consider it a good result . 
  also , why did the thumbnail pic have to be that one ? 
  thank you !, 
  i must admit that one of the things that took me a while was to lose my overweight habits , eg , trying to squeeze into a small space i can now fit without any problems , because after so many years those were hard to lose . 
  i still have a few , but i do feel like a different person indeed . 
  hey , believe me , with my flat feet and extreme lazyness , if i could do it , so can you . 
  find a reason to do so ( and it 's actually easy as long as you do n't allow the negativism to interfere ) , and you can do it just as well . 
  i 'll be honest and say do n't bother with crazy diets or extreme workouts . 
  those wo n't really help . 
  it really is all in the head . 
  i sincerely hope you can manage it too !, 
  i live in lisbon , portugal . 
  what languages do you speak ? 
  what 's the grey ball in 0 ad ? 
  the whole of hispania had already been conquered then . 
  also , portugal stand during the napoleanic wars is awesome .
