  satanas forbid the use of languages other than holy english . 
  i certainly never saw one explaining the details . 
  too bad for the ultra-nationalistic , ultra-religious texts . 
  funny that , as it was built after the discovery of sea path to india in 1498 !, 
  catholic masses , at least here ( portugal ) , take 1h to perform . 
  i 'm curious as to what the # 1498 is refering to . 
  the jer\u00f3nimos monastery was built to celebrate the discovery of maritime route to india by vasco da gama in 1498 , is that why ? 
  i 'd just like to add that `` mijo '' is piss in portuguese , so i had to look up the american meaning of the word because i was confused a mexican would misspel hijo like that . 
  maybe that 's what yippee-ki-yay actually mean ? 
  to save water . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maho5r656xm ) ? 
  this is so great . 
  thank you for that . 
  you should post it in [ / r/spaceporn ] ( / r/spaceporn ) if you have n't yet !, 
  it 's not the same in spanish , that i think would be `` meada '' . 
  no big deal , just americans making up words as usual !, 
  i 'm not sure about that , actually . 
  the center of the galaxy has very high density , meaning that there are many stars close to each other . 
  i ca n't actually say what the scale is , but i would n't be surprised if they were much closer than one light year . 
  excluding multiple star systems , of course . 
  why is it not okay ? 
  so a guy jokes with his friend , venting some frustration of being forced to go to church . 
  big deal !, 
  indeed , the gif stopped too soon !, 
  middle east , it 's got oil . 
  likewise in portugal , they were also ninja !, 
  good reason not to shoot them !, 
  what evidence ? 
  if it ai n't ` murican , it ai n't evidence !, 
  til that was an issue in english , cheers ( esl here ) . 
  yeah , but then we have our twenty different football ( the proper one ! ), 
  championships where the same thing happens when any team wins !, 
  i actually only noticed there was this super bawl thing because of reddit . 
  then again i am non-american , maybe that 's why ? 
  out of pure curiosity , and hoping no one gets offended , but why must americans always label their heritage ( racial , cultural or any others ) ? 
  is this meant as a publicity stunt to call for a specific group , or it just would n't be the same without the feeling of belonging ? 
  my european self is not impressed . 
  question though , is that 170 churches in the city alone ( 33,051 pop ) , or for the whole metropolitan area ( 264,910 pop ) ? 
  no , that 'd be the number of inhabitants per church , sorry i did n't specify . 
  do n't you get offended or anything because i was n't impressed , okay ? 
  i 'm sure churches are the beautiful architecture buildings made to extort money out of the gullible sheeps they look like , and the sky is blue and all that shit . 
  to be fair , he was let off because he was , apparently , becoming a better person . 
  it 's the whole point of a corrective system , to make people better . 
  unfortunately , it 's probably true that he was let off easier because he became religious than if he stayed an atheist , but that 's just an assumption . 
  i wonder if zombies 'd starve in alabama . 
  why is it that all food i see on reddit feels like a goddamn heart attack ? 
  there 's some chances he 's dead by now . 
  layman definition of theory ( a guess ) versus the actual meaning of scientific theory ( a detailed explanation of phenomena ) . 
  sure , everytime i have a normal conversation , it seems people only care to talk about the weather and football and all that shit . 
  i reckon it 's because most people save their wits for work/study and do n't really care about keeping the brain superactive outside of it . 
  then you have those drunken high philosophical conversations !, 
  you need to place her majesty under some books for a while . 
  just making sure the paper loses the roll effect , you know ? 
  i do n't have anybody to practice my english with either , yet here i am , probably speaking it better than plenty native english speaker . 
  i learnt most from tv and games . 
  granted it would be harder for you because most stuff is indeed in english , but it should n't be too hard to find things in french . 
  plenty of games are translated from english , and french is usually one of these languages because they ( the french ) always have their stuff dubbed . 
  as for french learning forums , first google result was [ this ] ( http://www.forum.french-linguistics.co.uk/ ) . 
  no idea how effective it is , but could be a start . 
  what ? 
  if people were unable to die away from home i would n't be sitting here , would i ? 
  the bible . 
  edit : while i most certainly understand the downvotes , the bible actually is the most sexually immature book i 've ever read . 
  it 's content on sexuality equal that of a young teenager , and its views on women make it really sad on an open sexuality point of view . 
  i 'd like to think you 're maintaining it by asking a rational question . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong , most rational adults anywhere should be worrying about crazies in one of the world 's superpowers . 
  use middle mouse button or ctrl . 
  works the same as far as i know . 
   there is no quick way to prove that said organ belonged to you in the first place, 
  where do you hail from , the middle ages ? 
  what container , and how big ? 
  actually posting something would help . 
  i guess mario was green , instead ? 
  what name do you give to old game boy 's colours ? 
  plastic surgeons pay them not to . 
  what , are you an astronaut ? 
  black bar at the top knows what the problem is . 
  half-life 2, 
  i know , i wanted to , but i have no idea how to do it . 
  thanks for that !, 
  i just arrived home and was trying to record a small variation , 1vs5 , but access to yamato cannon and full energy - real close victory ( 5 hp ) , using camrecorder , but all i get is black screen and static sound ... 
  that was the reason for posting images with timers , actually , to see it took 1m20s for it to kill them all . 
  [ official ] unit tester online, 
  that 's the map 's name . 
  edit : i am from eu , too . 
  thanks for posting this , 
  good thing some people are good with computers to save us morons the trouble !, 
  6 supply vs 24 supply , too . 
  [ official ] unit tester online, 
  just search that in multiplayer , should pop up . 
  that 's the first thing i noticed , wtf is that . 
  [ official ] unit tester online, 
  search for it in multiplayer . 
  it is on eu , [ official ] unit tester online . 
  the mothership . 
  it has 6 attacks , each doing 6 . 
  that 's 36 damage . 
  with 3/3 , it becomes 6 attacks at 9 each . 
  that 's 18 damage from upgrades alone , totaling 54 . 
  i tried it , and one 3/3 mothership can beat two 0/0 motherships .
