  so , do n't put us all in the same bag , we do n't do that either . 
  as a southerner who lived in the north for five years ... 
  please refer to them as french-eaters . 
  they deserve it . 
  perhaps `` make la guerre '' would have been more acceptable . 
  if you 're going to be literal about it , there would n't be a moon showing at all , since its distance to earth is 25 times our planet 's diameter . 
  two reasons :, 
  at the angle between the moon and the observer , the moon would still be far away from the image . 
  even if it was in an angle that was closer to the center of the observer 's field , and because the distance between the two celestial bodies is so much bigger than their radii , what would happen then is that if you were behind the moon , it would be much bigger than the earth , possibly even covering it . 
  it 's what happens when you get your thumb closer to your eye and block your view . 
  even if it was n't blocking it , what you 'd see is at most a small part of the moon 's surface in the corner of the image . 
  not what is shown . 
  * quantitas supra qualitas * should be the us new motto . 
  as well as latitude and solar declination , for that matter . 
  oh goddamn you , now i 'll have to reinstall homeworld and spend precious hours just to hear those sounds again !, 
  i do n't seem to get the reference . 
  i can not recognize that sentence at all . 
  what would be the current translation in portuguese , if any ? 
  brazil should have been chaotic neutral . 
  china is n't chaotic at all , them asians !, 
  unless he was protecting someone . 
  yes , both are in english . 
  this is awesome , i 'll give you that . 
  bravo !, 
  also , a tl ; dr : france surrendered in the end . 
  that being said , i feel i should point out a more important role than helping spain ( which we hardly did ) for my country , for the sake of history love : the [ continental blockade ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continental_system ) . 
  should have been u/cat . 
  still , happy birthday . 
  the us arming rebels , where have i read this before ? 
  wait , what , is there a mandatory choice you make in the us about this ? 
  curious european here . 
  '' ... '' - gordon freeman, 
  ah , i see , cheers . 
  that 's actually a pretty nice policy . 
  follow your dreams . 
  food , being petted and taken for a walk . 
  because they 're thin ? 
  there 's so much wrong with this post ... 
  the lack of commas is disturbing . 
  i guess you 'd make a good watcher . 
  out of nowhere , your heart stops pumping really hard , you have no idea what 's happening . 
  imagine waking up from it and just hearing its sound time and time again , really fast . 
  i 'm unfamiliar with american money and tilting my head got painful after a bit , would you care to explain , please ? 
  [ listen to this !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duro3noyaku ), 
  so , uh , do people kill others using guns as clubs or what ? 
  get a + in everything . 
  that would be -89 \u00b0 c. 
  sure i do . 
  you see , the reason why the king fled was because the french invaded because portugal would not abide to the continental blockade . 
  that 's actually how we are taught to write as children , n 's have two arcs , m 's have three arcs . 
  and while now i actually write the usual , international , keyboard way , i did n't notice they were weirdly written until you pointed it out . 
  like the nazis ? 
  russia is the greatest country in the world . 
  that the closest earth-like planet is about 13 light years away . 
  i think that 's pretty big . 
  because this place is a circlejerk . 
  what , all i said is that it is a circlejerk , not that it is bad . 
  shut down the computer . 
  condom . 
  who ? 
  edit : mandatory `` seriously , downvotes for asking a question ? 
  am i really supposed to know everything ? '', 
  edit :, 
  i 'm 27 years old . 
  that does n't mean i 've watched every single movie that has ever come out . 
  had to google . 
  still never heard of him , sorry . 
  maybe it helps if i say i 'm not american ? 
  [ livre ] ( http://www.visualphotos.com/photo/1x4477767/prisoner_escaping_700-00281767.jpg ) . 
  most of portugal calls pressure beer `` imperial '' . 
  no idea where it came from , just felt it was relevant !, 
  in my ( weak ) defense , i was at negative karma just for asking the question that i 'm sure many other people were probably asking , and just edited it before going to bed . 
  i was really not expecting for the result , so i suppose i was a bit of an hypocrite , in that i complained about wrong usage of downvotes and proceeded to do a witty edit . 
  i 'm upvoting your post for giving out a good reason to downvote me . 
  o ideal era dar para correr as musicas do spotify no foobar . 
  looks more like the netherlands . 
  without giving any spoilers , it 's about a tall knight and his special squire that go on adventures . 
  it happens about a century before the ursuper 's war . 
  it is worth a read , yes . 
  edit : removed the '' '' i had around a few words because they were a bit spoilerish . 
  but , but ... ** la ** france ? 
  well , i guess it 's good we all are socially advanced , then . 
  i do n't know , what is thunderbird ? 
  i suppose you can say that , you can find both expensive and cheap [ port wine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_wine ) . 
  most dash cams per car ? 
  well , i can easily imagine a russian car filled with cameras . 
  because the comment he replied to shows one of said hits . 
  of course it is !, 
  you can still find it cheap . 
   i 'm quietly trying to decide which beloved family member i 'd prefer have died . 
  i think this may well beat everything ... 
  semantics . 
  i lived my first five years of university in porto so you can imagine i did plenty to help that local industry . 
  you can find good port wine with very cheap prices ( or could , at least , no idea now ) . 
  of course that if you want good quality port you would find it , but that 's nothing to get drunk of ( or should n't be !, 
  ) , unlike what portugal is doing in the last panel . 
  i 'm also interested in the title . 
  it 's quite , uh , interesting !, 
  m\u00e9dico 1 :,
