  so wait , was anyone ever dumb enough to be grateful for the police to check their age and then get arrested for a warrant ? 
  dunno if it 's still fixable , but the isle under super quim on the portuguese panel should have no black dots . 
  that was a bot who kept putting something there . 
  like so :, 
  also , the azorean heart ( right of the estonian flag , below the black one ) is meant to have the original red dot . 
  boa sorte . 
  tl ; dr : it means dick in netherlands and the dutch are sneaky bastards who introduced it on the internet for the lulz . 
  much appreciated < 3, 
   r/france did decide , design and build a bottle of wine with its glass . 
  r/italy decided to dispute the claim of that bottle by applying their flag color . 
  from there , both faction fought until the end to keep the ownership of that bottle . 
  here is the end result . 
  from there , we stated the 3 pixels on the top be noise , as it was n't recognizable by both parties . 
  they were then removed , the case was then settled with dual-ownership of the bottle . 
  i guess this went over everyone 's head , but we portuguese did a ninja fix on the final bottle so it shows p for port wine , because port wine is best wine . 
  i 'm not sure what it 's suppose to mean now ... 
  maybe , but the dutch are indeed sneaky bastards . 
  also it does n't behave like a liquid , it behaves like a fluid , much like most liquids and gases , but also like lava and glass . 
  i 'm old enough that i was once allowed to land on the cockpit of a 747 . 
  i was about ten and it was a great experience !, 
  feathermoon ? 
  do the cold temperatures also have a hand in it ? 
   portugal : ~ ~ le ~ ~ fado by jos\u00e9 malhoa, 
  ftfy, 
  first three algarisms are mine ... 
  the fuck espresso 2.5 ? 
  it 's like 0.5 here ... 
  i 'm over thirty and i 'm fucking scared for my future so do n't worry , i here to stay !, 
  this is a pretty ignorant statement in all aspects . 
  i 'm in !, 
  yeah ? 
  it dropped everytime we ran it back then !, 
  it 's a no brainer to me . 
  yeah , astronauts would face certain death , but it would be quick and very improbable due to all the techs working on it . 
  compare that to wooden ships in uncharted territory where you were likely to die of scurvy or fall on the water and survive in pain ( physical and/or mental ) for a few days before dieing . 
  and the rewards are totally different too . 
  to be away from your family for at most one week and be considered a hero and set for life versus being away for years at times , get paid shit and stay unknown to the world . 
  it 's way more of a leap of faith , it is not even comparable . 
  just two different sets altogether . 
  mortes n\u00e3o , incidentes . 
  technically it can belong to an alliance general now ... 
  although it would be a marshal . 
  acontece que consegues registar-te no airbnb ( e outros sites similares ) . 
  this is n't the us tho . 
  does this even ever work ? 
  some languages do write % 20 . 
  turkish , for instance . 
  might be why . 
  gypsy is interchangeable with roma in most european languages . 
  why are they using russian tractors ? 
  not sure if undead or troll or whatever race ... 
  falso moralismo ? 
  grandmas always know every single on of their grandsons ' birthdays . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i can understand it being a pain for people with a good number of accounts . 
  in my case , i have 3 . 
  main one , savings account and this smaller one that is a requirement for better rate on the savings account ( 3 direct debits ) . 
  guess i 'll have to resort to excel for that . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  world could also mean universe , as in , the physical space where something takes place in . 
  and some prioritize other things in life . 
  money is important , yes , but it is never the most important thing . 
  oh i do n't disagree , having money is n't everything , not having money is . 
  that said there 's a threshold of how much money you actually need . 
  and it varies from person to person . 
  nope , just the mile/kilometre . 
  the * radii * do not cross the square at the middle of its sides for some reason . 
  it probably depends from person to person , but there is a lot of beauty in asymmetry . 
  that the next neighbourhood is different than the one before makes for an interesting walk/drive rather than a dull one . 
  it 's not just the aesthetics , if everything 's on a grid you probably turn automode on and do n't really watch anything . 
  then again , if everything is not on a grid you 're probably too concentrated on also watch anything . 
  luckily i live in a country where i can be reasonably safe from that . 
  i do move money to checking , but only what really is necessary ( plus some ) . 
  it 's just a little aid . 
  our real money is in other two accounts . 
  = round ( c1-b1 ,0 ), 
  if you wanted it rounded down or up just use rounddown or roundup respectively . 
  since column a has the date minus time , you can just do, 
  = c1-a1, 
  = int ( b1 ), 
  format wo n't change the value . 
  can anyone translate the legend please ? 
  ah , i was confused about the last one . 
  basically it means rivers that share the same destination water body . 
  well it does indirectly affect you as one fat person is a strain in society ( if you live in a place with socialised healthcare ) and a loss of human potential , which is always a tragedy . 
  that said i could agree adults do what adults want , but when children get involved and they lose so much potential , that 's abuse and/or negligence . 
  i used to be a fat child and changed my lifestyle ( it 's close to 7am and am getting ready for gym ) and , believe me , the energy and motivation to live are just not even comparable . 
  i fucking hate exercise and it brings me no euphory at all ( which is something the usual fpher can not usually comprehend and it makes me sad ) , but i do it because i must . 
  you never achieve your potential , you simply have more and can do more . 
  that 's what potential mean . 
  to answer you , yes , i feel there are many things i can do ( physical or otherwise ) because i am not nearly as tired as i felt growing up . 
  i am very curious about this trip . 
  what do you think of its environment for a honeymoon ? 
  i 'm guessing there 's not that much privacy ... how big is the ship ? 
  ufo is not necessarily alien . 
  so spain gets a pansy dancing red slug , portugal gets a deadly colony man ` o'war . 
  europe does not have the insane amount of credit culture us does . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  level of ranking ?
