  if that is a known fact that most americans are aware of , then it certainly changes my opinion because , indeed , voluntarily marrying someone knowing you 're just going to cheat on them is a whole different issue for the cheating spouse ( read : i can understand that being one of the lowest things one can do ) . 
  i still do n't think it changes much for the cheated spouse . 
  i would n't say soldiers are n't the only ones who ca n't choose not to be separated . 
  by trade obligation , maybe , but not by life circumnstances . 
  that was my point . 
  these are n't american english i suppose . 
  i 'm not american , or english native speaker for that matter . 
  if you 're american , those are oil digs . 
  an internet product ? 
  sure . 
  hey , i 'm glad he knows the verb to learn at age 5 . 
  what do you mean ? 
  secret services for dummies ? 
  because only the water directly above you is doing any pressure , as weight is a vertical force . 
  same for air , atmospheric pressure is what the air directly above you does on you , not what the entire atmosphere 's mass would do . 
  that said , if your pool was deep enough ( ie , if you had enough water directly above you ) , you would eventually feel a crushing force . 
  if you want to know what pressure you are at when you 're in the bottom , just do a simple calculation :, 
  1 atm + ( water density x g x height of the pool ), 
  remember to be consistent with the units you 're using , i 'm a null at imperial . 
  well , it 's not every day we see a completly random picture taken by a teenager . 
  i 'm portuguese , our father 's day is march 19th ( st. joseph 's day ) , mother 's day is first sunday of may as far as i recall . 
  my family never does anything special for father 's day , two of my sisters share their birthday on march 19th , so we just join everything together . 
  as for mother 's day , it 's just a normal day where she does n't get to do any kind of work . 
  she 's happy enough to have most of her children come along for a lunch or something . 
  do n't y' all have cowboy hats ? 
  but ... but ... how can call yourself american without a cowboy hat you carry around for everything ?!, 
  ( and yes , / s ), 
  yeah , i always thought it was something more akin to europe itself , with the snowy north ( scandinavia ) and the warm south ( iberia ) . 
  is n't that buddha , actually ? 
  ie , not a god at all . 
  was just pointing out another mistake in that . 
  i know nobody uses those nowadays , but in 7 years you never got an actual key ? 
  put it in the fridge . 
  this is one of those posts someone will eventually answer ` my penis ' , so there , it 's not funny , do n't do it . 
  too soon . 
  so brave . 
  colombus failed to circumnavigate the globe . 
  daenerys wants westeros , not some silly giant continent filled with gold , silver and rich lands . 
  to be fair , it was n't better at the time . 
  a new unexplored territory vs a fully populated rich land , that 's what i mean . 
  if daenerys were to make a decision to go back to westeros , of which pretty much everything is known , or to start a new civilization in a completly unknown territory , she might still choose westeros . 
  i guess she just did n't want to talk to you , then . 
  google is that way [ -  ] ( http://www.google.com ) . 
  so who is ohio 's largest tool ? 
  i never played diablo in my life . 
  it seems to me from that sentence . 
  that it 's a game about demons and heros . 
  if i was to find more info about it , i 'd search for it , rather than asking on reddit where anyone who cares about the game is trying to play it at the moment anyway . 
  therefore , ` merica . 
  please do grab a picture of hulk smashing someone and edit that , too . 
  caution : australians . 
  laugh with him . 
  those have been around for , oh what , 2 years now ? 
  preferences -  mates ( in the top ) . 
  edit : turns out it 's just ` friends ' if your reddit is configured to american english . 
  wait a second ... did you just screenshot your paint job ? 
  how exactly does it help the glassblower 's work ? 
  other than looking cool . 
  silly question here , but why is germany separated ? 
  f ( x ) = - x ^ 2 + cat ;, 
  the us being the dog , right ? 
  not castles . 
  churches . 
  for a moment i thought a bear was photobombing ... 
  i can see why you 're in school for that . 
  surely it is because they can not invest so much in education as more developed countries can . 
  you only think like that because you considered the individual and not the swarm . 
  i did wait a bit longer for it to load & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  i do n't find it odd at all . 
  a click costs nothing . 
  i am most certainly immoral in regard of his sense of morality . 
  your guess is as good as ours , friend . 
  you do n't seem to know what a safari is ... or what subreddit you 're on . 
  why does `` my belief in evolution '' always makes me shiver ? 
   `` i do n't know if it 's natural or unnatural , '', 
  it 's in there . 
  the scout earth has close to the sun ftled back to earth , that 's how . 
  so he does nothing other than looking cool . 
  i 'm good with that , 
  if i may ask , what gender is it ? 
  it seems to be female just by looking at the face but i can not tell for sure , yet . 
  damn you . 
  it 's midnight , i was thinking of going to bed , and there you go and post a qi video for me to waste hours on . 
  damn you to an eternal hell of interesting and curious questions , i say !, 
  i 'm sorry , but it rather looks like your mom 's cat is giving pedobear a blowjob . 
  what do you mean , use that terrible cellphone to take a picture of the computer screen ? 
  what do you mean , nope ? 
  it 's actually american made !, 
  call the police . 
  they 'll handle it . 
  nope , i do that as well , although i usually pick normal so i do n't get bored as i would in easy . 
  i guess i love discovering the story without having to fight too hard for it . 
  in the end , i can always replay it if the game 's really awesome . 
  both articles refer to the death of the indians after the europeans arrived . 
  so why do you say before ? 
  quotes :, 
   in the decades between columbus ' discovery of america and the mayflower landing at plymouth rock , the most devastating plague in human history raced up the east coast of america . 
   within just a few generations , the continents of the americas were virtually emptied of their native inhabitants -- some academics estimate that approximately 20 million people may have died in the years following the european invasion -- up to 95 % of the population of the americas . 
  he 's quite the pride-blinded fool . 
  what app/browser/whatever it is are you using to browse reddit ?
