  yeah right . 
  if mario was black , the princess would n't get herself kidnapped by bowser so often . 
  my brain just farted . 
  i love the self control one . 
  use its sources instead . 
  linked at the bottom . 
  i 've had many babies for breakfast before , but never such a large crapper , i say !, 
  waited a bit before posting this , so ... 
  context :, 
  they are both swedish professional starcraft 2 players . 
  thorzain just won the dreamhack event , which is in sweden , hence the king in the north , beating a korean player , while naniwa managed to be the only non-korean player to be part of a special category for another event , out of 16 players , thus being a kingslayer . 
   ** your commentary during the shoutcraft has been highly rated to the extent that a number of your videos do n't have a single dislike despite 20,000 + views . 
  what kind of preparation do you preform before your cast ? 
  welp , we need to ruin this so tb remains a good mannered tophat gentleman !, 
  and deepen even further the pit between rich and poor ? 
  we do n't know your wife . 
  do something you know she likes . 
  sorry for your loss . 
  i trust she had a great life , and that you and yours brought her much joy to her final years . 
  yes , it was terrible . 
  but so is posting this here : he could have died while playing something else , it was an accident completly unrelated to religion other than the scene he was playing . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is wrong . 
  it 's a quote by [ raptor jesus ] ( http://img.izismile.com/img/img2/20090113/bush_02.jpg ) . 
  so handing out tickets has no purpose other than being annoying , you say ? 
  i 'd actually love to see a study of how many lives punishing bad drivers has saved . 
  were n't those eunuchs ? 
  i 'm not sure about canadian laws , but is n't this against them ? 
  how far into the sea ? 
  just happy he ca n't see you . 
  what if i become the person i could have become ? 
  checkmate , theists !, 
  move to a reasonable country . 
  the quality , i 'd wager . 
  ca n't title this like that and expect us to see anything . 
  well if i want a country with no oposition , i better make sure they all stay out , right ? 
  that is , unless they bring me something to eat . 
  i can totally see australians calling their leader the prime mate . 
  did you just take a picture of your computer screen ... with flash ? 
  why is cleopatra in it ? 
  i do n't know how many bags you 're taking , so i wo n't recommend a book or anything that takes space . 
  but you can always use the time to plan your trips properly . 
  could you rotate and post again , please ? 
  no offense , it 's just not readable this way . 
  i think the concept of money and currency will be absurd in the future . 
  in some ten thousand centuries , though . 
  here 's how i see it : it 's perfectly viable to imagine a world ( you can include how many planets/multiverses you wish in it ) where people lack nothing . 
  goods and services can be provided for free because they have no real value to be traded for , so they 're just given away . 
  it 's quite utopic , i know . 
  hence the ten thousand centuries . 
  unfortunately , not everyone is a fan of reading . 
  why waste time with paper when you can sit down and watch others play it for you , they 'll say . 
  looks more of a douchebag to me . 
  i have no idea what car that is . 
  they all look the same type of suburban american to me . 
  that said , it 's generally douchebags ( female douchebags included ) who park like morons . 
  i do n't drive , and i do ride the bus . 
  i do n't live in a highly polutting , heavily consumer country , with high rates of youth death by car accident , thank you very much . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly was your point there . 
  so wait , if it was a traditional religion , that would have been okay ? 
  that 's rude , she did n't have to do an ass over it . 
  what 's with the book ? 
  is that a joke on arcade zelda using a bible for a shield ? 
  they got to see their family grow bigger . 
  except that happens when you lose . 
  goddamnit , i read that as ` wedding ' first . 
  may 5th is not mexico 's independence day ... 
  the cold war encouraged science and progress because otherwise them reds would beat ` merica . 
  is that a triforce ? 
  i 'll always laugh at how white and blond they all are . 
  small unrelated question here , as i was not too sure : i was under the impression it 's blond for male and blonde for female , but to be honest i reckon that is a french grammar rule rather than an english one . 
  can you tell me how it is in english ? 
  this bot needs larger font size , half text red , half text blue . 
  y' know , ` merica . 
  fair enough , i 'll just use that word then since most people here are american anyway . 
  thanks . 
  that would give people the impression that most things americans say makes no sense . 
  now , who would think that is true ? 
  it 's not focused on the korean scene at all . 
  not for / r/trees !, 
  it 's brazilian portuguese so it does n't actually make much sense . 
  someone may correct me , but i believe a good translation would be something like :, 
   do n't mess with me . 
  from falling so much i 've learnt how to knock down . 
  if i may ask , why do you say that ? 
  cheating is horrible for everyone , period . 
  it 's always a breech in trust , wherever they are , so what makes deployed soldiers special ? 
  edit : i should have learnt already that americans idolatrize their soldiers , silly me . 
  deserved downvotes i suppose . 
  that was my question . 
  personally , i think that if a father of ten , working his ass off day and night so that his wife and children are happy , arrives home to find his wife cheating on him will feel as terrible as a soldier in afghanistan . 
  soldiers are not special in that regard . 
  everyone suffers , some more than others , and i would wager the father of ten may suffer more . 
  what about the illegal immigrant that does a dangerous , sometimes deadly , trip because his children are starving ? 
  it is a terrible thing . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  but so is any other traumatic event in your life . 
  while i most certainly appreciate your efforts for a good response rather than just using simpler tools to express your opinion ( that 's what up/downvotes are for amirite ? 
  ) , i reckon changing the word soldier to any other profession that requires long travels in stressing environments would give the same result . 
  that being said , i understand your post . 
  in fact , i was not aware of your mentioned predation of soldiers .
