  but you can provide me the source for that claim . 
  that 's some elite tourism , yo . 
  eye bleach , please !, 
  how do you filter subreddits from / r/all ? 
  ah , would n't know then . 
  oh , awesome , thanks !, 
  for tourists , maybe . 
  ... because the road is unnecessary , you '' ve never had to build roads for bnw trade routes . 
  part of your reasoning for cs trade route being bad is because of roads . 
  that 's bad reasoning . 
  the first sentence is awful , sure , but what 's wrong with the second ? 
  he 's actually right , it is brazil . 
  it 's okay , we poor people just are n't used to it , it 's like telling us you eat caviar for breakfast and the sort . 
  it 's a rather simple and trivial breakfast , but you know what i mean , surely . 
  maybe the can was full with last night 's remains . 
  basic farms or hill mine will also eventually get extra bonus from researching , what 's the difference ? 
  they may be boycotted by a few americans , but that 's it really . 
  the rest of the wine drinking world does n't give a shit about 150 acres in the other side of the planet as long as the stuff 's good . 
  how does it define continent ? 
  because the isle may only be separated by coast tiles , and no ocean . 
   cotidianas, 
  lol, 
  so the old lady next to you on the bus wo n't think you 're a pervert . 
  i am actually portuguese and i have no idea ; i believe this is racism between us communities , really . 
  we do n't give a shit about porto rico here , and i 'd wager the same happens there about us . 
  it appears to me that for most of northern european cultures and their descendants this may be hard to comprehend , but in our cultures family is extremely important . 
  it is in fact one of the core tenet ; your personality is based primarily on your family , and only after on society . 
  this may be hard to understand for most of you . 
  but it is how things work . 
  they 're her parents , who took care of her for years . 
  they do deserve respect . 
  really , i am not trying to be offensive here at all : the role of family between cultures is not the same . 
  this is very obvious to me on reddit , as the very thought of parents disowning children is really very sad to me . 
  i can hardly grasp it . 
  we are ? 
  by who ? 
  you do , for the entire family ( cousins and etc ) . 
  of course , if you have barely no family , then sure , you 're not about to be abused . 
  but if you do , and you pretty much always do here , and you require help , your family will help you . 
  it is the only thing you have for granted . 
  as such , not only does it require work , it also requires tolerance . 
  where from portugal was she from ? 
  please do , it could prove helpful ; 20 km here is enough for people to speak slightly differently , so the better you can narrow it , the easier it may be to identify it . 
  it 's more of a `` goddamnit lad '' . 
  hahaha that 's awesome . 
  but yes , definetely azorean accent saying `` corisco rapaz '' . 
  corisco means thunder , if i recall correctly , and it 's used as a simple slang . 
  it really means simply `` goddamnit '' . 
  rapaz is boy , lad . 
  or a taikonaut if chinese . 
  granted that might be harder , but !, 
  ooh , you . 
  it is relatively used , yes , by younger people mostly , but it 's still slang . 
  ser indemnizado ? 
  por favor ... 
  for bridges : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=159879652, 
  hitler attacked russia during summer ( june , even ) . 
  he should have attacked in late winter , instead . 
  so why is portugal your favourite civ and why wo n't your friends let you play it ? 
  same , sempre disse e ouvi o steam . 
  so it did get more interesting till you won , where 's the noob mistake ? 
  i can see why people would n't know this , but the first thing i tried when i had to assign 40 delegates was lots of combinations of keys and clicks because it 's boring as hell . 
  according to that , that is n't his mother but a neighbour . 
  it 's not actually very true as far as iberia goes , there are never any issues with muslims on the news here , they are actually really nice people , the little there are . 
  it 's in the rest of western europe that they show up on the news . 
  so , yeah , muslim influence in the iberian peninsula is ancient , and good , influence . 
  that said , most people say it 's better not to do anything to them as further down the road its jungle will give 2 science with university . 
  what can i say , we portuguese were good at keeping secrets , not getting them . 
  hey , if we 're giving this some thought , i guess america 's golden age was the cold war . 
  i would like to see some mechanics involving stealing great people , or gpps , from other civs , instead . 
  it 's rather historical !, 
  or the portuguese , but that theory lacks evidence , for now !, 
  edit : or , you know , the polynesian . 
  portugal is rather simple , really . 
  as the first european explorer nation , the markets of lisbon were filled with things that europeans had never seen before , or rarely , be it spices , sugar , monkeys , parrots , [ rhinocerous ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%bcrer's_rhinoceros ) , etc. 
  thus , the gold flowed into portugal . 
  of course . 
  after all , a mate is someone you have sex with . 
   paca, 
  l , it 's the majority . 
  the majority in the word lol ... 
  it was a ( bad ) joke !, 
  versus [ 20 results ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/civ/search?q=moai&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all ) for moai ... 
  i do n't know if you 're being serious or not . 
  i hope not , that 's great !, 
  edit : okay , safer not to post after a long day , but i deserved this . 
  hell is frozen on tuesday according to that phone . 
  by the end of the video they show graphics with hexes . 
   can confirm . 
  caravels carry christian crosses . 
  i 'm sure that 's what part of ethiopia looks like , other parts look desertic , closer to the horn of africa . 
  i ca n't think of a country that does n't have at least a dazzling landscape somewhere , specially in africa , which is a beautiful continent . 
  that would be the relative mass , not energy . 
  the irony of an american saying that is overwhelming . 
  how much is a beer for you ?!, 
  $ 10 is about twenty beers over here . 
  but georgia is an asian country ... 
  well , a [ ] ( / science ) of course . 
  because this is n't about a silly job at the supermarket but the usual ` thank you for your service ' military circlejerk . 
  there 's no reason for it .
