  / stopcasting, 
  / cast [ @mouseover , harm ] purge ; [ @mouseover , help ] cleanse spirit ; [ harm ] purge ; [ help ] cleanse spirit, 
  to clarify , this casts purge if i 'm mouseovering an enemy and cleanse spirit if i 'm mouseovering an ally , regardless of target , but it can also purge or cleanse my target if i 'm not mouseovering anything . 
  furthermore , it also changes the icon in my action bars to reflect that . 
  may as well ask here : is disenchanting quest/dungeon itens a moneymaker or should i stick with gathering profs ? 
  no they did n't , bloodlust/heroism were the level 70 shaman ability . 
  do you need to do all that ? 
  i just insert a rectangle from the insert tab , change it 's color and assign macro then . 
  works for all images as far as i know . 
  i 'm going to be a blood dk , so i have a question or two about tank soloing viability and how artifacts work :, 
  can i level as blood or is it better to swap to unholy ? 
  can i even do it and level my blood weapon first ? 
  also , is it easy to swap specs for , say , elites ? 
  at 110 , can i also quest as blood or is unholy better ? 
  i 'll be playing on a pvp server but will not actively pvp , only defending myself if attacked . 
  cheers . 
  i like how the semptember typo keeps repeating . 
  jo\u00e3o for portuguese while you 're at it ... 
  yes , the very name cumulonimbus means `` accumulated rain '' . 
  they said blood dk already . 
  can you transmog your artifact weapon to an old legendary ? 
  it 'd be sweet to keep carrying my old shadowmourne < 3, 
  ( note , i 'm waiting some time to buy the game so i ca n't try it myself ), 
  aww . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  he 's actually retired in the shaman class hall . 
  wheelchair and everything . 
  your dps can not be compared to those who do have heirlooms . 
  yes , gear matters a lot in this game . 
  so which ones are they showing in the image ? 
  i mean , what 's the criteria for hiding or showing roundabouts ? 
  found one , actually :, 
  it 's under a bridge so that may be why :, 
  quick question , btw . 
  this one is marked as a roundabout when it actually is n't :, 
  it has stoplights and everything , and it is round indeed , but it is not a roundabout as it does not follow the rules for them , nor is it marked in place as one . 
  i 've found a few others like that in lisbon too . 
  ah that makes a lot of sense , thanks !, 
  do n't be daft , everyone knows pizza is american . 
  your flair is wrong . 
  it should have been dollar horder . 
  por exemplo , no caso da verde :, 
  the cat looks very similar to my [ own ] ( http://i.imgur.com/is5g4.jpg ) ( note : this is a photo from when she was younger and thinner ) . 
  same !, 
  as a former wotlk hardcore raider , life got in the way and there is no way i can keep up with the lore other than reading it here and there !, 
  which is indeed portuguese for karma . 
  thanks for the site !, 
  o link \u00e9 a personagem principal \u00e9 a zelda a princesa . 
  lol, 
  lore has nothing to do with it . 
  it 's been discovered now . 
  not all priests follow the light , there are several denominations . 
  for instance , nelves follow elune , tauren follow the sun , trolls follow the loa , etc. 
  why did you not copy the rest ? 
  it 's rather relevant :, 
   he insists he harbours no ill-feelings against the hospital that made the original diagnosis , ** acknowledging that myasthenia was almost unknown in the medical profession in the 1960s ** . 
  it was n't really wrong call , it was just a pratically unknown condition at the time . 
  can someone please explain why is it illegal to u-turn there ? 
  i 'm not american ( which i assume this is going on ) , but the lines in the ground do n't seem to forbid this . 
  that said , i 'm sure it 's ilegal to not wait for incoming traffic to pass before doing it ... 
  love the ursoc schematic . 
  figured as much . 
  thank you . 
  pretty sure english has a governing body too , it 's the one that accepts new words like googling or selfie , for instance . 
  yogg-saron , death 's demise , you mean . 
  sorry , ca n't play the game yet , what is ak ? 
  yeah , i have no idea how this post got to the front page , this is a very ordinary cherry tomato ... 
  op is probably part of `` they '' anyway ... 
  i saw this in the cinema ... 
  so not on mars , but under mars . 
  the stonemother . 
  close . 
  it was n't accidental ( except maybe the concieving part ) but everything else is correct . 
  reddit comment sections really scares me sometimes . 
  because armor helps shaman . 
  so , lorewise , the elementals wo n't stay united for long . 
  my guess is poland , how is spain the most homogenous ? 
  falstad wildhammer !, 
  salazar is the name of the portuguese 20th century dictator ( salazar slytherin was also named after him afaik ) . 
  i guess they wanted an evil name . 
  only historical salazar to exist , as far as i know , was the 20th century portuguese dictator . 
  salazar slytherin was named after him . 
  if you 're scared now it makes it all the more worthy to give it a shot !, 
  you will feel great for holding a bunch of mobs and saving someone 's life from a mispull . 
  as there were no heroic versions but triggers for harder fights . 
  leviathan , for instance , if you destroyed no tower from the entrance event , yogg-saron himself if you activated no keeper to aid you . 
  it was only in the next tier ( totc iirc ) that heroic raids were introduced . 
  good times . 
  the better the tank , the more bored your healer is . 
  in azeroth , at least . 
  i 'm sure there are bigger things in the dark beyond , titans for once . 
  probably something like a social scholarship . 
  we have those over here too in portugal . 
  if your family can not afford tuition , the state pays it for you . 
  i 'm gon na sound ignorant , but i do n't understand what they are in the first place . 
  do you mean converting from seconds per 100 grams ( s/0 .1 kg ) to grams per second ( g/s ) ? 
  if so , 1 g/s = 1 / ( 100 * s/0 .1 kg ), 
  in formula , if a1 has s/0 .1 kg value , then, 
  i meant as macro , thanks !, 
  it 's just so i can do something like this and free a lot of keybinds :,
