  obvious troll . 
  internet . 
  it 's the enthusiastic russian that makes me a believer . 
  that 's assuming the american flags are made in america . 
  i doubt that . 
  that said , the power of demand , man . 
  that 's not a terrorist . 
  indeed . 
  kids now have about the same judgement and maturity you had when you were their age . 
  i 'd rather have droids fighting each other than men killing one another . 
  change national motto to `` i 'm sorry . '', 
  check / r/earthporn and the many links on top for so many awesome images . 
  replaced my old bigboxed , 15 '' monitor for a flat 23 '' one . 
  your fault for browsing the us version . 
  sure , why not . 
  not even once . 
  but hey , at least you got the continent right !, 
  this helps your cause how ? 
  can always use reddit , if your videos are good they 'll spread . 
  are you also scared about everything that happened before you were born ? 
  can you remember those things , personally ? 
  you can not . 
  why would it be any different after you died ? 
  your body functions stop working , you will not feel anything . 
  it 's simple , really . 
  so do n't be afraid of it . 
  if anything , you can be afraid of not being able to finish everything you started , but that 's nothing you can do after you 're dead anyway . 
  worry about what you do while you 're still alive . 
  that 's the only certainty you have . 
  jon connington , perhaps . 
  what game is this ? 
  they look a lot more like the terrorist team . 
  both of her pics have the exact same angle and smile , it confuses me somehow . 
  did you turn the power on ? 
  edit : also , / r/blackmesasource, 
  no , the fan was only so you could access the oxygen and fuel valves . 
  but you can go another level down inside the silo ( bottom level ) . 
  there 's another passage there , just keep going and you 'll get to the power part . 
  yeah , that silo . 
  there 's four levels in there if i recall correctly , second to bottom is how you access fuel and oxygen , bottom one is the power level . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9xn4uxsqre ) , basically . 
  you should add their home states , as i doubt most americans ever left their country , but have travelled outside their state which , in terms of distance , is about the same thing as anyone else . 
  because sucking is their act . 
  that 's a phoenix . 
  just use one of those asking for animal sacrifices . 
  i 'm also a non-engineer and i get math puns no problem . 
  helps being a scientist . 
  or , you know , autopsy . 
  ( spoilers all ) [ quaithe ] ( http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/quaithe ) . 
  what exactly are we looking for ? 
  it 's a scam . 
  blizzard 'd never ask you for password or the secret q&a . 
  edit : also , you can hover the links with your mouse ( do not click ) and check if the url that shows up in the bottom of your browser is the same or it 's different . 
  namely , a really shitty one . 
  edit2 : in the email , that is , not here !, 
  magnets , man . 
  but ... he 's white !, 
  there really is rule # 34 for everything ... 
  multitasking . 
  why , exactly , such a useless but awesome thing to do !, 
  light 's speed varies with the mean it 's travelling trough , so i guess there is . 
  ca n't tell if befire is on purpose ... 
  i do n't know your brother , you do . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're like an apologetic usa . 
  sorry , really . 
  you 're doing this to piss off that other `` what repost pisses you off '' guy , right ? 
  rationally . 
  i do n't know , would n't you be lubricated because you 're actually into it ? 
  ca n't say i 'm a rape expert , but real rape probably hurts because your vagina is n't wet . 
  a teleportation device for humans . 
  clearly you wasted her time . 
  i mean , she had to be friends with you for an entire month , and for nothing ? 
  upvotes are n't supposed to go on funny things . 
  nobody says all 12 year old gamers play cod , what they say is that all cod players are 12 years old . 
  quite different !, 
  borrow . 
  a sure downvote magnet . 
  [ guess where i went after the gym ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qsxmr.png ) . 
  japan . 
  there 's a few perspectives it looks like the cheshire cat . 
  hey , he only said it 's safe to say , not that it 's true to say . 
  he wo n't be shot for saying it it 's what he 's saying , you see ? 
  i think you 're confusing dialect and accent . 
  that being said , i have a strong accent when i speak in english because i was raised in an entirely different set of sounds and tongue/teeth positioning while speaking . 
  this will most likely never change . 
  what does one thing have to do with the other ? 
  i do n't mean to sound rude , but are you ignorant about the side effects of solar exposition or you 're not and chose not to care ? 
  is that legal in america ? 
  well , two things :, 
  a ) solar exposition at home is likely different than solar exposition elsewhere , specially if you go south . 
  even worse , there may be a thinner ozone layer , thus increasing uv exposition . 
  that said , you americans have sites with all kinds of helpful information , so a little research on the place you 're visiting should n't take too long , and ca n't hurt . 
  b ) i do n't think spf 4 is even solar protection , really . 
  it 's probably just a tanning oil ( no idea of the name in english !, 
  ) , but 4 minutes of protection is ridiculous , they should n't even sell that . 
  the moment you 're done covering your body , the place you started with would already be close to be exposed again . 
  still , i suppose you learned a good lesson . 
  i know just too well how painful and annoying having a sunburn is . 
  feel free to enjoy our lovely giant ball of fire , but be safe next time !, 
  the royal navy is the british navy .
