  you would n't happen to know how to get the proper icon for them would you ? 
  : / same icon we get in our ui for character sheet , etc. 
  the imp mother ? 
  also , o op enganou-te , \u00e9 na galp perto do aeroporto , no sentido a1 - benfica . 
  what about the lich king riding a rainbow unicorn ? 
  both intervinents in that screenshot speak a rather broken portuguese , as if using a translator . 
  i can understand that from the scammer , but from the blizzard guy ? 
  if that is the case , you should also create a thread in / r/spain and / r/madrid . 
  \u00c9 natural , perde-se metade da fluidez do transito ... 
  i 'm not sure the ocean classifies as hot . 
  that lfg chat . 
  which map is the one in the third image with two infernal guardians ? 
  i love that he 's even holding a bottle of soda . 
  oh , this reminds me , is there a way to filter out chat messages that have any given word like anal or goldselling ? 
  shaman were planned to be a tanking class back in early wow . 
  this is why rockbitter and frost shock used to give extra threat . 
  actually , you may be right , back in vanilla . 
  what comic in portugal ? 
  i know this is an old post ( was checking this sub 's top posts ) but should n't the text under plaguehorn read unholy death knight and not undead death knight ? 
  this has been discussed several times in this site and that argument has always been proven wrong . 
  to keep it simple , if hot was 2463 furbolgs and cold was 23633 furbolgs , you would have the feel of what 15000 furbolgs is to you . 
  in a different perspective , 50 \u00b0 f does not feel the same for a canadian as it does to a floridian . 
  so , no , fahrenheit is not better for humans . 
  3 \u00b0 c is significant just as well ... 
  even 1 \u00b0 c can be significant . 
  and i 'm talking in non-scientific usage , too . 
  and the last sentence is a matter of opinion ( and feeling ) and no fact , and thus is n't a valid argument i 'm afraid . 
  i mean , i am of the opinion that it does n't matter . 
  it really is all a matter of habit . 
  there is n't any advantage , nor is there any disadvantage . 
  that 's my point . 
  they are standards . 
  the whole discussion is that everyone should have the same standard and seeing that most of the world uses celsius , it should be used by everyone . 
  buy the sword and try it on your cabinet then . 
  good god , i only just awake and decided listening to this was a good idea ... 
  at first i thought it was just the wind , then the sound happened and my heart stopped for a moment . 
  little tortilla boy , even . 
  i 'm confused , why is kneeling for the anthem against the usual show-your-absurd-respect culture ? 
  what xp buffs ? 
  what about rogues ? 
  eli5 for us from / r/all ? 
  i guess that is n't retrievable ? 
  why is blood pretty bad ? 
  what is the battlechest ? 
  is n't it simply a version of the game ? 
  can you get a free month from it ? 
  wtf . 
  are n't monks sort of shaman that connect with the fifth element , spirit ? 
  quick question : are you competing against people ( be the very best ) or against content ( just trying to complete as much as you can ) ? 
  i bought the game on a promotion but am still waiting to pay a month to start playing as i have important irl stuff first . 
  / cast [ @focus , exists , nodead ] spell ; spell, 
  i used to be an hardcore raider , starting in vanilla , and up to the 153th guild in the world to kill 25h lich king ( still know that number by heart ) . 
  i loved the game and did n't do much else , because it was all so exciting and vibrating , farming everything when it was hard . 
  i got mimiron 's mount , invincible , all wotlk real first titles , i even got shadowmourne on my dk alt , and it all felt awesome . 
  but it was all a grind fest , and when cataclysm came out and it began all over again , something clicked . 
  perhaps it was the theme ; i , much like many others , loved arthas and the frozen wastelands theme , the landscape , the music ( oh thalanor ... ) . 
  perhaps i just could n't be bothered to grind again ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i quit the game for a long time , i missed all of cata , all of mop and most of wod , when i returned for a couple of months . 
  i dunno , it has n't changed much . 
  elemental ( my class since early tbc ) was still goddamn awful . 
  so i want to try something new in legion . 
  i want to try and convice my girlfriend to play with me . 
  if not her , one of my friends . 
  perhaps playing with someone i know and care for will change the game ... 
  i 'd change mains , to a blood dk , so i could tank for us . 
  here 's hoping it works and is n't all a grindfest still ... 
  well it is indeed the wrong dalaran . 
  what is with the damage meter names , is that configuration or what ? 
  i 'm a returning player but wo n't have time ( or will tbh , my wow hardcoreness was 6 years ago ) to farm for professions . 
  i was thinking of taking enchanting and tailoring as these are pretty much farmable as you play . 
  do you agree with that assessment , or should i take , say , skinning rather than tailoring ? 
  also , can you start disenchanting legion gear at 1/800 enchanting , too ? 
  done . 
  i 'd like to get a free month to actually play the game but anything is allrigth . 
  where is frost in there ? 
  and actual water spells ( shaman ) classify as nature . 
  pretty sure it can run well but you can always try and level a char to 20 . 
  okay , but there 's also dks and shaman . 
  it 's trueshot lodge . 
  hunters stole ashbringer for their hunter weapon collection and paladins are gon na take it back !, 
  r/wowui as well . 
  you can even unlock taskbar on primary screen , move it to the secondary screen and lock it again so you can see the tray icons in it . 
  where was the halls of valor in ulduar before being lifted into the sky ? 
  are you turkish/persian ? 
  afaik that ' t where % comes before the number . 
  as far as english language goes , the percent sign comes after the number . 
  same holds true for most european languages . 
  i dunno about other languages , though , as far as i can remember only the middle-eastern languages would use it before the number . 
  aw yeah , that 's a good point . 
  no video nota-se claramente que foi o que aconteceu . 
  oficial . 
  man , using  there is a bit misleading . 
  most non-native english speakers can not pronounce ` th ' correctly , as it sounds like a lisped ` t ' . 
  it 's a complicated sound . 
  you do n't want to hear me say `` third '' , for instance ... 
  no worries . 
  wait , there are wow commercials ? 
  shhit that was a commercial ? 
  i remember seeing that back in the time but i thought it was a joke video !,
