  portugal . 
  the word internet is a conjunction of a latin word ( inter ) with an english word ( net ) , so it 's foreign to my language . 
  this is a great answer . 
  if you 're interested in going even further , you have the arab who pretty much invented algebra and algorithms : [ al-khw\u0101rizm\u012b ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-khw%c4%81rizm%c4%ab ) . 
  absolutely . 
  it means exactly the same as it does in english . 
  wonder what it translates when brazilian do their infamous internet laughter . 
  well , to be fair , most people just say ` net ' , easier . 
  sometimes the portuguese correspondent too , ` rede ' ( do n't try to pronounce it  ) , but officially it is internet . 
  they found the end of the rainbow . 
  i do n't know , maybe they meant looking for another entrance to the building ? 
  this reeks of theist logic . 
  the watermarks kinda ruin it . 
  it probably falls under the no murder rule . 
  the very opposite of ` discrimination ' . 
  you can use [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) to tag them . 
  but what you want is implemented in some subreddits , like [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) . 
  nope , just an [ old man on the internet ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/minor_differences/caps_on.jpg ) . 
   i am sure most atheists are like me , i was n't forced to go to church when i was young nor was religion as huge aspect of my family 's values . 
  seeing so many ` coming out ' posts , i 'm sure you 're wrong here . 
  that said , indocrination is very powerful because it affects your thinking paradigm . 
  for example , my father is an intelligent guy , but he was indocrinated all his childhood . 
  he loves science and watches every bit of news about new discoveries he can ( he hopes for an anti-gravity belt before his death ) , but when the topic involves a lack of explanation he simply uses god because that 's simply his train of thought . 
  i thought it could n't be better but that aussie accent ... 
  she wants to know which lingerie you 're willing to rip off her the fastest . 
  she 's doing it for you !, 
  * the silmarillion * comes to mind . 
  the man is probably just a nice guy who loves children and wants them to have a fond memory of him from their childhoods . 
  that means a lot to some people . 
  that being said , i most certainly understand your suspicions . 
  however , you should have been quick to discard them as soon as someone actually living there , your host sister , told you it 's no big deal . 
  this paranoia really is annoying . 
  i 'm not old or anything , but sometimes i 'm scared of smiling to little children ( who are ever so cute ) because their parents might think i 'm a pervert . 
  this is one of the worst trademarks of our century :(, 
  that is not enough for 3 weeks . 
  you 're gon na starve . 
  my eyes !, 
  you understimate the power of brand . 
  because more education hurts no one , europa was a woman : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa_%28mythology%29, 
  silly question here , but how exactly did he monetise it ? 
  that is not a very nice thing to say to someone who makes a living off of youtube ads . 
  true enough , the name could have had other origins . 
  nevertheless , i was just pointing out europe should n't be good guy but rather good gal . 
  i mean , it wears high heels . 
  he did n't even die crucified , he was quickly speared . 
  as an ignorant european , i have to ask : dixie ? 
  mulitiplayer , join game , search monobattles , join one . 
  yeah i was going by teh book y ` see !, 
  [ too late ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuxf4xwtj4g ) . 
  for curiosity 's sake , where do both of you live ? 
  not the full address , of course , no stalker here !, 
  you will once you grow up . 
  not attractive to you , perhaps . 
  does not mean others do n't like it . 
  like the wearer . 
  that 's bible belt area , right ? 
  your story got better for having such a nice and understanding grandmother in that area . 
  upvote for your conversation and for both of you !, 
  if you drive by car in a highway and go side by side with a slightly slower car , you will both seem to go slowly to each other , even though you are both probably going quite fast . 
  right ? 
  this does n't work the same for light . 
  if you travel at near the light speed and a beam is emmited and passes you , you would still see it as going at the same speed as if you were n't moving at all . 
  actors will remain for as long as people need celebrities to look up to . 
  i 've never heard that so it 's probably nothing more than a cultural saying . 
  nice try , wow player . 
  we know you do n't go outside !, 
  you can do really cool stuff with your face . 
  nice job !, 
  i am not american , but i understand people have plenty of reasons to attack christianity in america . 
  have jesus burn an american flag . 
  more like lobsta . 
  also , happy cake day !, 
  does it say the body 's temperature ? 
  if so , you can easily assert that using wien 's displacement law - ca n't link it at the moment , look it up . 
  my grandmother is now 78 years old and she says the only thing she has left to see is the lot of us . 
  she 's more than ready to go , but does n't rush it . 
  so , i suppose you can feel fulfilled with your own life , yes . 
  are you going to have problems with / r/atheism ? 
  your body is used to it , i 'd wager . 
  i am at my peak before lunch and nothing short of a complete retard at night . 
  uh , does the word fiction mean anything to you ? 
  genius waitress indeed . 
  that 's not sarcasm , it 's simple ambivalence . 
  a bad one at it , sorry . 
  it 's really ugly eitherway . 
  your country 's borders , to start it easy . 
  i like my portuguese . 
  uh , child abuse ? 
  i am ? 
  social skills . 
  i agree , but that 's the thing , my computer is bad enough to run sc2 on low settings , i 'm not sure i want to risk pushing it some more . 
  plus , stuff is a lot more expensive around here . 
  this sentence can be understood if we realise that , under all the atheism vs agnosticism controversy , he is talking about gnostic atheism . 
  i 'm assuming that by first generation you mean you were born in the us . 
  so , what details make your perspective quite that unique ? 
  okay , so the choice is between an annoying disease spreading scavenger that walks on animal shit before going all over your house , or an insect devourer that will never touch your stuff and wo n't ever bother you ? 
  spiders all the goddamn way , please . 
  i understand that , i 'm curious about details - e.g. , his father 's iranian influences on his american education , his mother 's influence on him wearing skirts , etc. 
  you wo n't downplay me , as i 'm not american anyway , 
  quote from a post above in case you misunderstood what i meant :,
