  i still do n't see you on the photo ... 
  i kinda got lost somewhere in the middle but did you refer the whole ai/spectre takeover storyline ? 
  the last mission of the campaign refers that : imc is going to replace all grunts with machines . 
  there is some danger in that . 
   as caravelas atingiam valores de 6 , 7 , 8 n\u00f3s . 
  edit : lol a ultima cena , wtf . 
  i 've always seen iberia as a giant head , portugal being the face . 
  a bit deformed , but it does seem to have a nose , chin , etc. 
  that fruit looks way too glittery to be healthy . 
  so no wallrunning in the white stuff , yeah ? 
  what kind of british man sees portugal as gypsies and not as a vacation destination ? 
  the most spoken language in the algarve in the summer speaks otherwise . 
  / r/portugal, 
  why would anyone use the cia for facts ? 
  and new zealand was already not in the map !, 
  oh please stop with the goddamn dress already !, 
  maths ' a language too , in a way . 
  keep in mind this is the most powerful party , not the most right-wing party . 
  in portugal , for example , the most right-wing party is indeed blue , but they 're not very powerful . 
  what the fuck are those ? 
  password *, 
  nope . 
  but his username is n't in a different language . 
  what is written in the screenshot is dutch , where wachtwoord = password . 
  so no , that ca n't be what he meant . 
   the slaton sisters, 
  nah i was n't sure about posting it in the first place , cheers for the moderation . 
  maybe in the english language , but as a portuguese man i will defend my delicious sardinhas to the end !, 
   actually , an anecdote : we were working in rented space outside the bank proper , and there was a soviet trade mission just upstairs . 
  we joked to him that the russians might be bugging us ; he responded , `` i do n't care what the russians find out , it 's the press i 'm worried about ! '', 
  because they are numbered by zones . 
  [ at\u00e9 me emocionei com t\u00e3o bela resposta ] ( http://www.totalprosports.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/cristiano-ronaldo-crying.jpg ), 
  evolution . 
  talk about a paris syndrome . 
  zeratul and kerrigan plix, 
  i 'm sure no one here has played one of the most popular rts in the world . 
  experimenta o meetup.com, 
  go away from the non-english subreddits , please . 
  try titanfall with the smart pistol . 
  do n't care what the haters say , as someone physically unable to play fps well ( hands no good ) , that , learning how to parkour and a grenade launcher titan made me able to play a fps good enough and actually enjoy it a lot . 
  it is 48h for free on origin , give it a shot !, 
  but he 's called fred ... 
  i see a lot of these stand-still , shoot-at-titans pilots , what 's up with that ? 
  sure we do . 
  the hardest ones to get , too ... 
   i grew up in british columbia , so i 've grown up partially immersed in chinese culture . 
  i do n't follow . 
  there 's a refreshing lack of very fat people in this picture . 
  that sentence is incredibly misleading . 
  i was wondering why a change in ireland would change anything in other countries . 
  to clarify , it should be read that ireland was the last country in europe to allow jus soli , but because of the amendment , none now allow it . 
   the government presented the amendment as a common sense proposal that would close a constitutional loop-hole and allow irish law to be brought into line with the rest of europe . 
  [ 10 ] in 2004 , no other nation of the european union granted citizenship by birth in the same manner as the republic of ireland . 
  maybe it 's an esl thing then . 
  does n't look like a map but rather a representation . 
  i mean , there are no streets , the houses look like they were badly pasted on photoshop . 
  edit : i 'm not saying this was made in photoshop , it was a joke . 
  weird . 
  babaca means the same in brazilian portuguese . 
  i wonder if the origin is the same . 
  i do n't think so , the word babaca does not exist in european portuguese which is ( logically so ) where those words come from . 
  arte . 
  they love pizza because who does n't ? 
  sadly ? 
  i do n't think that 's humour . 
  it 's the other way around ... 
  the treaty of tordesillas was done by a spanish pope because the spanish king saw that the portuguese were already way ahead of them in the expansion process . 
  no , dissing the portuguese . 
  pretty sure it 's a repost on this subreddit as well anyway . 
  reposting is good because it shows more people information . 
  the only bad thing is when there 's misplaced credit . 
  portugal does n't . 
  i was speaking of rodrigo de b\u00f3rgia , a spanish pope . 
  campaign is the best mode . 
  ah , democracy . 
   light red : other members of the african union and the arab league ( that support argentine claim ) . 
  why is portugal light red ? 
  imagine how i feel , i was born and have lived most of my life in lisbon . 
  two , actually . 
  the iberian peninsula sort of looks like it 's wearing a ski mask . 
  why ca n't she talk to him ? 
  it 's 365 days as 2016 is a leap year . 
  well how big is a medium size rock ? 
  they do n't , because no one likes morons . 
  foto digna la do outro subreddit !, 
  [ speck ] ( http://www.efilmcritic.com/images/users/198/traversspock.jpg ) . 
  5 minutes of a new logo and 55 minutes of reddit . 
  just like the rest of us . 
  i do n't think so . 
  has to be an auto-titan being rodeoed by an enemy pilot for it to get stuck . 
  you know , kneeling down . 
  no because it is n't funny . 
   this new species was described as dinheirosaurus lourinhanensis , with a full meaning of `` porto dinheiro lizard from lourinh\u00e3 '' . 
  just so you know , you are stating that no one here lives with your girlfriend , which is from portugal . 
  not sure what you wanted to say :d, 
  you did it again in your edit . 
  welcome to portugal . 
   holy . 
  ftfy, 
  i had one of [ these ] ( http://gmbox.ru/files/images/8/25425.jpg ) ...
