  that 's so cute . 
  you are noticeably american . 
  perhaps i should have said capitalist . 
  then we 'd know for sure what your nationality is . 
  that , and the dolars in your picture . 
  seriously now , i really do n't worship money . 
  i am neither greedy nor ambitious . 
  perhaps i would live better if i was , sure , but i ca n't say if i would be happier . 
  i mean , not in the way religion makes people happy , if you know what i mean . 
  money is nothing more than a tool to me , i work to earn some so i can spend it on food and little things i like , i have no desire to have bigger things and even less desire ( negative , i guess ) , of hoarding money for no reason . 
  well , to be honest ... my university 's chemistry and biology departments have somewhere around 80:20 girl to guy ratio . 
  i do n't think that is a good idea . 
  some people just do n't enjoy exercising . 
  i would rather introduce a tax on unhealthy food . 
  it 's not money that helps people then , it is other people . 
  i understand what you mean . 
  haha , decide ... 
  someone posted the picture of a pretty mineral . 
  that started a trend with a lot of new ' i see your pretty rock and i raise this rock i find pretty too ' posts . 
  a virus actually introduces new genetic material , does n't it ? 
  took me too long to understand & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  if you mean / r/christianity , there is an option to edit your flair in the right side of the screen , just under the subscribe option and the number of readers . 
  just click edit , pick your choice , and save . 
  it was n't because i do n't know what the diaphragm is or what it does . 
  it was because i did n't get why this was in funny till i read that [ fixed ] thing . 
  not that it is very funny , sorry . 
  best post of a block of stone this whole weekend . 
  you were twelve . 
  edit : wait , i only noticed now the guy 's mustache . 
  i may have some bad news for you ... 
  we all know 9gag is awful , these are n't necessery . 
  why did n't you just link said website ? 
  i quite enjoy how they have the freedom to say that . 
  the only thing i can tell is that we have a couple corrupt politicians/businessmen who have been on trial for years without result . 
  i 'm sure the same happens in the us . 
  now , i do n't want to sound snarky , but only from the us do i really ever hear of frivolous suits like [ this ] ( http://www.newsy.com/videos/woman-sues-13-year-old-little-league-catcher ) . 
  i 'll have to say that my favourite is wind waker . 
  it may not be the very best , but i could never get tired of sailing and exploring !, 
  me neither , actually . 
  it 's precisely because of the way it is that i like it so much . 
  i do n't know , i 'm portuguese , maybe sailing is in my blood ? 
  mixzing does that i believe . 
  there 's a free version , try it out . 
  have [ not ] got is european english , have [ not ] gotten is american english . 
  perhaps that 's what confusing you . 
  your second phrase is confusing . 
  but still , i stand corrected , british english it is . 
  i merely said european english because that 's how my own language is called ( european portuguese ) as opposed to any other . 
  a simple mistake . 
  well , is n't the imperial system used mostly by the average people ? 
  i mean , is n't technical stuff done in metric already ? 
  hardware stores are for the average people . 
  i was talking about an industrial level . 
  this is n't necesserely bad news : there 's so much crap about the kardashians it may actually mean ocean acidification is getting a good share of coverage in absolute terms !, 
  is that multiple mispells of server or something about tf2 i do n't get ? 
  wait , all the costumes , you added them ? 
  probably still higher temperature than indiana !, 
  i have to say , i actually thought he dressed like that for different days of the work . 
  good job !, 
  you have to show us more now . 
  how you seem to have a culture of putting the individual before the collective . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if your culture really is that way or you just act like that for no reason . 
  what units is that in ? 
  how is this an iq test ? 
  they touch their clothes , the toilet , the door , whatever . 
  it 's always a good idea to keep your hands clean . 
  i do believe it 's the 69 link karma number . 
  not entirely sure , i have n't been 12 in a long time . 
  but with my atm card at all times . 
  i bet he was talking too loudly . 
  brakeless bicycle . 
  your fault for calling it the wrong name in the first place . 
  really ? 
  your parents have a grandchildren and you do not tell them ? 
  are they bad parents or something ? 
  happy cake day , good bot . 
  so people from canada or mexico or something , they 're not allowed to comment ? 
  well there 's iraq and afghanistan too . 
  that depends , would i need to use the wii controls ? 
  because i really do n't like all the damn movement !, 
  what are you , twelve ? 
  how do you see the rainbow ? 
  different shades of grey ? 
  well it makes sense the other one wants vegetables because she 's fat . 
  well , technically he stopped foot in three countries . 
  barbados , the british empire and the united states . 
  that teen mom + drink cup scare me . 
  you almost did stay out , if those pesky japanese had n't attacked pearl harbor we 'd probably already have flying cars and shit done by german engineering . 
  also , russia was more important on the wwii european scene than the us . 
  are you still seven , by chance ? 
   mr lopez has no regrets about losing his $ 8.25-an-hour ( # 5.30 ; 6.60 euros ) job . 
  i like this attitude . 
  this , and the others who quit over such a bullshit rule . 
  \u00c7 has the same sound as the s on santa . 
  actually , there 's been quite some important news during the day :, 
  oatmeal is no longer being sued ;, 
  acta has been utterly defeated by the europeans ;, 
  higgs boson was finally confirmed . 
  i should say it 's not been a dry day at all . 
  i dare say that europe is far more diverse than america , really .
