  what 's the damage meter 's name ? 
  i used to have that one back when i played in wotlk , but forgot the name ... is it recount ? 
  the one at 6:30 deserves it 's own clip . 
  what iron ? 
  well , the tombstone marks the place where a person lies , does n't it ? 
  heavy german ? 
  i read unthinkable and unsinkable about the same ... 
  that ` th ' sound is just weird . 
  but to include yourself in one group ( people who paid full price ) and calling people in another group ( people who recently bought it on sale ) `` low quality '' is creepy . 
  maybe i 'm missing something here , but i think op is refering to the behaviour of some people and not what they paid . 
  apropriado . 
  til nukeclears is not from zimbabwe . 
  oh my god i suck so much at this game !, 
  / r/findareddit , / r/redditlists , / r/newreddits , / r/obscuresubreddits , / r/wowthissubexists , / r/multihub, 
  to be fair , there 's not a country in the world without something beautiful ( earthporn ) , and i say this as a portuguese myself . 
  but sure , sintra is a special place on earth . 
  i 'll take you if you stay on top . 
  the north is a better region . 
  source : am from the south . 
  nobody ( percentage speaking ) actually says that . 
  aw , that 's a shame . 
  would you care to explain why ? 
  i love your nickname , subtle but not too much . 
  pego do inferno , tavira , 
  that depends , did it loot anything ? 
  that a person is usually good at some things and bad at other things is the very reason money was invented in the first place . 
  no problem !, 
  just be sure , of course , to keep the place clean and civil !, 
  nothing in that sentence is vulgar . 
  we do n't really say penis tho , we use many other names for it , but not penis . 
  direct translation :, 
  i think they 'd be suspicious at polar bears in the antarctic in the first place . 
   most education systems act like computers would either barely exists or were some kind of cheat . 
  are you talking about american education ? 
  we treat computers like fundamental tools and have various classes about it , in school . 
  probably a controversial topic , but i am more and more happy that israel is losing a lot of its international support lately . 
  it 's about time they learn that the holocaust is in no way an excuse to bully the palestinians . 
  their political might comes from the international support , namely from the us , that has a lot to do with the holocaust . 
  i never said it was all about the holocaust , just that it was important . 
  i 'm not sure how that implies there no other reason for their friendship . 
  and/or more readily prepared to be friendly with its neighbours . 
  do n't get me wrong , like any other nation on earth , i wish for israel to be a safe country , but are the policies they have with their neighbours ( who are also not without fault ) any good ? 
  i wanted to but got lazy since i was in my phone and there 's hundreds of words for it . 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't help it that you read things i have n't said , twice . 
  para um tl ; dw , ele fala do que est\u00e1 [ aqui ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1755_lisbon_earthquake#effect_on_society_and_philosophy ) . 
  related to your flair , there is no portuguese capitol . 
  your post was so great i did n't read it . 
  i 'm scared of the day the headlines will be about a dead parent who tried to rescue their children ... 
   educated , civilised people, 
  but they 're americans !, 
  what 's the music ? 
  everyone who watched it till the end flexed their butt . 
  i do , every night . 
  it 's not like anyone 's gon na call me anyway :(, 
  why does it say km/h instead of kph ? 
  i thought that was the imperial way . 
  what 's the point of those ? 
  if nothing is connected , there is no circuit going on anyway , no ? 
  this may depend on the kind of plug , i guess . 
  why are they called black and not african american . 
  i 'm genuinely confused with it , dunno what to call them anymore ... 
  til imgur is also divided by subreddits . 
  yeah i know , but it never occurred to mean that you can search trough subreddit submissions that easily . 
  well he did get two pilots and one titan in one crush , that 's pretty nice . 
  that is n't true at all . 
  machete is , as far as i know , based on cavaquinho portugu\u00eas , hence the original wording . 
  not to worry , they will . 
  yeah i never watched that movie in english so i had no idea either , was extremely confused at this post . 
  your post only made sense when i realised you were n't talking about 120 light years ... 
  let 's not compare american and european use of cars . 
  european cities are much more compact . 
  also let 's not compare your use of a vehicle to everyone else 's . 
  another way to compare it : the palace of versailles , the symbol of absolute monarchy ( and its decadence ) in france has only 700 rooms . 
  saw it in the url . 
  you mean look in another direction ? 
  what english is that ? 
  from the uk , america , ` stralia ? 
  just curious , i have never heard of that meaning for short . 
  i 've never played with friends , so i do n't know , but how exactly do you join a specific lobby with friends on the opposite team ? 
  much easier said than done . 
  it is not trivial at all because you would have to consider something worth achieving in the first place , which is often a problem with depression . 
  i am not arguing with myself , but i also am definitely not arguing with you . 
  i do n't have a habit of discussing things with dumb people who believe they can judge and guess someone 's moves and attitudes from far away in the internet ( [ check the colour of the arrows and the respective score ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lam8zir.jpg ) ) . 
  you sound like an horrible person . 
  yeah , i 'm sorry that in a post about van gogh , who , as far as i am aware , did suffer from depression , i talk about it . 
  how silly can i be ? 
  honestly , i had no idea chicks thought so much of portuguese men . 
  i do n't really understand why either . 
  we 're probably like nordic girls who also have no clue they are so hot . 
  why are there so many hit and runs in the us ? 
  is portugal a drunk sleepwalker ? 
  ... sounds about right :(, 
  you 're so easy it is n't even funny . 
   but on the other hand it might just be because of your poor understanding of english , since you know , it 's not your first language . 
  you 're a rude canadian . 
  el sid the champion titan . 
  is n't that what one-city challenge is about ? 
  or tall vs wide ? 
  that 's rhinos , elephants are killed for ivory mostly . 
  hey , this is actually a question i have as esl .
