   stranger 2 has disconnected, 
  there , this might help . 
  and yes , good job whoever it was on giving a kid from the bible belt some good advice , 
  people with common interests will have an easier time being friends . 
  this is probably humanity 's first law . 
  i celebrate family reunions . 
  which usually happens at christmas . 
  i hope future archealogists will see this and conclude we really worship the most retarded things possible . 
  not to say his noodliness is retarded , no !, 
  why the hell is the video called `` strong '' ? 
  i 'd like to be buried under a tree in a forest . 
  unfortunately , that is against the law . 
  in fact , i can either be cremated or buried in a cemitery . 
  since the most ecological version would be the cemitery , i 'd just not give a crap and let them do whatever they want if it brings them solace . 
  that is a good point , i was merely thinking of the energy required vs energy returned , and forgot about the whole use of land issue . 
  orbit of saturn, 
   they tap into all of your emotional reserves and make you feel like you have intensely close relationships . 
  god just hangs in the air everywhere you go . 
  after the fact , a few discussions that show you 're impervious to the logic, 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
   the bible was written in english . 
  do people really say that ? 
  so , playing like normal children in a dangerous looking place ? 
  i wish all parents would promote that rather than today 's overprotection . 
  i 'm gon na do a wild guess and say that 's because colbert is a christian , while jon stewart is a jew . 
  there are some nice donations from today . 
  that this got in the news is fantastic for some poor kids and their parents !, 
  it 's funny how not offended i am by that . 
  how is that done , even ? 
  quick google search :, 
  my guess , though , is that whoever wrote the book just did n't like the looks of wool and linen in the same tunic !, 
  you can always subscribe to [ / r/debateanatheist ] ( / r/debateanatheist ) . 
  i think we should learn our lessons from the past decade and stop selling things that do not exist . 
  are you lot like 15 ? 
  you tried too hard , they went `` why are you still talking '' mode . 
  listen mate , it 's a good thing you try to argue with reason , but you need to know when to stop , for your own sanity 's sake . 
  if anything , he 'd be responsible for the diseases and illnesses that are the reason doctors are needed in the first place . 
  because of free will , his responsability on an individual 's choice of becoming a doctor is nill . 
  [ this ] ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b71rt9fu-i ) may interest you . 
  why do you think the atheist stereotype is a cynical , sarcastic human ? 
  most of us are/have been in the same situation , and the only way to keep our sanity is to either ignore them or to intellectually beat the crap out of them so they 'll shut up . 
  in the meanwhile , though , you can try searching for a haven . 
  there has to be an atheist group somewhere in your city ( unless you live in a backwater town ) , you might find yourself comfortable there . 
  in medieval times , people did n't bath either . 
  it was n't because of lack of water , there was plenty to go around , they just believed [ read : had faith ] it was n't healthy . 
  so why do we bath now ? 
  sure you could get gangrene on one limb , but you 'd still have everything else !, 
  we bath now because hygiene was gradually introduced by educating people with the benefit of bath . 
  it took time ( centuries ) because they were indocrinated about the opposite . 
  if you think of atheists as the nose , telling the brain that something is not right , and the brain as the rest of humanity going `` nah , it 's fine '' mode , you 'll understand why we are actually so damn nosy about religion . 
  we want to wash away the filth of religion . 
  you know what i see in [ this ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-sibx7ibos-g/tuqghcf2cqi/aaaaaaaaaw8/5fpxwo-ekjs/s1600/guy.jpeg ) picture ? 
  a group of completly normal human beings . 
  heck , they could have perfectly been playing football . 
  but then i 'm told they were figthing others for none other than religion . 
  yeah . 
  fuck religion . 
  all of it . 
  we talk about the religion we had the most experience with . 
  since most redditors are from the western hemisphere ( or australians !, 
  ) , that would be christianity . 
  it really is n't rocket science . 
  til the spirit of holidays is to give each others some nice and jolly heart attacks . 
  i almost had one just looking at that . 
  if there was no religion , planes would n't be flown into buildings . 
  furthermore , the holy land is nothing more than a desolate wasteland , and yet for 5000 years people have fought over it . 
  for what reason ? 
  none other than religion . 
  another backward people : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tlik4x3esu, 
  so is this what all that christian preaching in the us is about ? 
  how very annoying . 
  well , you can try , you 'll probably help other kids living the same situation , but are you sure you would n't get even more ostracized ? 
  but i do have the tendency to pre-judge people as good , and the first thing i 'd say when looking at the picture is that they are normal people . 
  i see your point though , thanks for the correction , 
  there are various motives for wars . 
  most of the times it is territorial or for pure greed . 
  but more often than not it is also religious or , if you prefer , cultural . 
  i was more thinking of bullying that can happen when you advertise your club ( which has to be done , even if discreetly ) . 
  then again , you 're 17 so you 're probably in your last year , right ? 
  not 100 % sure how american schools work , sorry . 
  but again , you might be able to help younger kids so why the hell not ? 
  so which one is your adulthood ? 
  this is brilliant !, 
  you are most certainly correct . 
  on the other hand , however , there will surely be a lot of tribute posts to him , the result of other people thinking about hitchens . 
  there might even be a great one , and you may miss it . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.explosm.net/comics/2645/ ) . 
  just let their imagination run wild , you do n't have to feed belief in santa to a child . 
  just like halloween . 
   you 're kidding right ? 
  we have nothing to do with the westboro `` church '' . 
  god is love not hate . 
  i am confused at how i should react to this . 
  in one hand , it is ironic , in the other hand , he is right ( or well , would be if the christian god existed ) . 
  i started taking astrophysics in college , but after realising it was all computers and maths and virtually no looking at the sky , i lost my [ romantic ] love for astronomy and transfered to something more down to earth . 
  do you think the way astronomy is advertised to children is perhaps old-fashioned and too romanticized , and that they should be introduced to a more crude truth ? 
  same goes for all sciences , of course . 
  this has nothing to do with reddit . 
  the argument in your post is so horrible it 's not even funny . 
  do try and fix it and then you 'll see mercy from the rational minds .
