  edit : [ link ] ( http://cannstatter-volksfest.de/de/landing-page/ ), 
  oh , i meant that whenever i have the risk of being offered boiled food with chips , i have a `` stomach cramp '' and ca n't possibly accept anything to eat . 
  we live reasonably far apart so i can often avoid it by suggesting restaurants . 
  my uncle for example , has yet to discover that there are ways of cooking meat or vegetables other than boiling , or that it is entirely possible to have a meal without chips . 
  for some reason i always have terrible stomach cramps whenever i have to go to his house around a meal time . 
  why are you leaving them so late ? 
  how do you expect them to get a strong set of british values like that ? 
  i liked when , i think it was one of the newspapers , took a group of bitter old people , made them sit an exam they said was `` too easy '' and basically all of them failed . 
  british values . 
  i crossed that out 10 hours before ... from door to door i drove 1300km the day before , moving my car to the uk . 
  i was pretty out of it . 
  crossed it out when i noticed about 5 minutes after writing it . 
  to be precise it 's the island of great britain ( so england , scotland and wales , not including northern ireland which shares a land border with the republic of ireland ) , malta , and technically cyprus ( although they share an unofficial land border with turkey and i 'm not opening that shitstorm right now ) that are within the eu but hold no land borders . 
  i do not advise trying to stay in a tent in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg or bayern all winter . 
  source : lived in a house in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg in winter , was still freezing cold without the heating turned on . 
  do n't forget , [ stories in german can get a bit out of hand . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hadqvfjiwmk ) i know it 's a joke in that case but jeeze , germany , this is why we got rid of compound nouns for the most part . 
  the thought of a german winter in a tent ... 
  devon . 
  where i am currently sitting in a reasonably nice village . 
  got back in the early hours of the morning but i 'm an insomniac . 
  the government is planning to put some new houses nearby and everyone is outright blaming immigration , rather than the fact that the government has n't bothered with building new houses around here since the ones they quickly threw up after the war to house people from the cities during the rebuilding process . 
  ignore me , i drove from southern germany yesterday ( job hunting , no less : went pretty well actually but my dad needed his car back . 
  i 'm flying back over for an interview in a few weeks ) . 
  i 'm still a bit out of it . 
  ireland has a land border with northern ireland by the way , i was referring primarily to the english when i said `` islander mentality '' . 
  down here people do n't want controls on immigration , they just do n't want immigration full stop . 
  that 's what i 'm saying the issue is down here . 
  i think the greens have an enclave in the form of brighton down here , otherwise outside london and exeter its a sea of blue . 
  change it to the second most popular and it becomes a sea of purple with red and yellow dots in it . 
  i think we had a tusc candidate who got less than 100 votes . 
  green was n't far ahead . 
  i think by the time you 're 24 / 25 , maybe 30 at a push , most have decided if they 're going to use the eu to it 's full potential ( i.e. 
  go to another country for work ) or if it 's just going to become a background thing that reduces the hassle of going on holiday . 
  ~ ~ joys of being the only eu state without a land border ( excluding ni , who are basically treated differently anyway ) ~ ~ ( i drove from southern germany last night and got very drunk afterwards , ignore me today ) ; people do n't see the point a lot of the time : `` islander mentality '' . 
  this poll is about what demographics would like to see the uk shut it 's borders to new arrivals entirely though . 
  maybe by that point , if you 're staying , some people just see immigration as something that lowers their potential to change jobs rather than something that contributes to the economy . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not one of those people . 
  as a 23 year old , lib dem , rest of south , i 'm impressed by my general demographic . 
  the majority in this village are the 60 + ukip voters ; explains why my personal view is pretty badly skewed by what i see and hear on a regular basis . 
  interesting document , cheers . 
  it sounds like that poll was probably conducted around here . 
  rural devon ( at least this part , in the south ) is very anti-immigration . 
  i never said it was an official piece by them , just that this particular image was posted to the local fanclub and got an overwhelmingly positive response . 
  it just gives an indication of how certain individuals feel about freedom of movement . 
  ukip may officially be pro-controlled-immigration , but a fair few of their members are outright anti-immigration . 
  a lot of people in the uk would sadly rather the uk was locked up tighter than fort knox than * ever * allowing that . 
  you really underestimate the absolute seething hatred for freedom of movement amongst some people here , and those people tend to have the biggest mouths . 
  to give you an idea [ this was posted to the local ukip fanclub ] ( https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xft1/t31.0-8/11802792_952277768149120_8356572763491518805_o.jpg ) ... ukip are the second most popular party behind the conservatives where i am . 
  edit : link was broken . 
  italian is the nicest to speak and to listen to in my opinion . 
  so much more full of life . 
  jolly well thank you old boy , it 's wonderful to see someone who appreciates the correct way of speaking bloody english , unlike those dratted americans with their `` zees '' and what not . 
  must run , toodle-oo old chap . 
  pip pip tally ho !, 
  i 'd love to stay in my hometown where # 250k can get you a pretty nice georgian manorhouse , but if i want to make good money , i will need to at least at first live in the south east until a regional manager post comes up at home . 
  i plan to move back west once i can get a transfer with a reasonable pay . 
  i believe i remember reading a garage sold around there for # 250k, 
  brussels could become a free city . 
  we have n't had a new one of those ( in the true sense that it 's independent of any other country ; i guess monaco and the vatican qualify , not sure about san marino or liechtenstein ) for quite a while . 
  wwii is often used as a contributing factor in how british people think about another country , even by people who were not alive in wwii . 
  it 's pretty much the defining moment of history for a lot of british people , even today . 
  it 's certainly up there with `` tea '' and `` sorry '' . 
  [ this child reacted in the way that many of us want to when david cameron opens his mouth . 
  ] ( http://i2.cdnds.net/15/15/618x381/fun-david-cameron-bored-school-girl.jpg ), 
  [ angie 's face says it all . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02242/germany_2242048b.jpg ), 
  i thought they should just put up propaganda towers like the ones north korea has , blasting the speeches of nigel farage at the camps in calais all day and all night , with occasional air drops of the daily mail along with the blandest sets of boiled vegetables & meat , and some '' sainsbury 's basics '' tea . 
  maybe some photos of a friday night in a blackpool as well . 
  if that does n't convince you to never want to set foot in the uk , nothing will . 
  down here in rural devon , i find that those are the two ways people treat * all * immigrants , irish and otherwise . 
  our immigration policies are far from relaxed if you 're not an eu citizen . 
  even australia lets more people in as a proportion of the population . 
  people do move around more though nowadays , me included . 
  i 'm just surprised that this was n't part of the requirements from the very beginning . 
  like a leftover law from the days of welsh monoglots that had come back into relevance . 
  yup . 
  had to fly up to an office in longbenton a while back . 
  hr is up there too . 
  i think it 's because the geordie accent sounds friendlier on the phone but the facilities up there are massive . 
  i do n't know why it was n't in the first place . 
  if you 're going to work for the government , you should be able to speak the language of the majority of your clients , which in the uk 's case is english , and possibly also scots or welsh depending on where in the country you 're working and what you 're dealing with . 
  i 've heard stories of [ argentinians who speak welsh . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/y_wladfa ) wonder if they have anyone who speaks welsh but not english ? 
  it 's given me some great friends , and moscow & st petersburg are amazing cities . 
  the food is pretty good , too . 
  they 're in for a nasty surprise if they ever get here ... where do they go next ? 
  scotland ? 
  some people should n't be allowed on the autobahn . 
  if i have to slam on my breaks , possibly endangering lives , because you pulled out , then you should n't have pulled out in front of me . 
  it 's just good manners to wait until i have passed you . 
  the south german street parties . 
  occasionally you 'll walk through a town and there will be lines of benches out , beer and food being served and a band playing . 
  seems to be a summer thing but it was really nice to just be able to stop and relax for a little while . 
  it also comes in [ pretty cups ] ( http://imgur.com/sunddtw ) that you 're normally perfectly fine to take if you want . 
  they have about a 1 $ * pfand * on them normally . 
  the last time i was on the m4 people seemed to solve the `` do i keep left or right ? '', 
  debate by just driving in the middle lane . 
  yep . 
  met one of these yesterday near cologne .
