  people do n't realise how awful eritrea is . 
  everyone knows greece should n't have joined the ez , but that was 14 years ago . 
  i 'm going to need a source to say that germany was against greek accession , i tried google . 
  forgive me if i 'm sceptical of joining a union with people like you . 
  it 's not great from our perspective . 
  i 'd be a lot happier with the uk in the ring , you 're the only country out of the `` big 4 '' who i trust . 
  just some anecdotal evidence , but that opinion has noticeably changed among people i 've spoken to here since january . 
  there is no mechanisms for kicking someone out , the euro is supposed to be permanent . 
  greece should n't have been allowed to join but that mistake is in the past . 
  greece is just as much a part of the eurozone as germany is . 
  politicians do n't care but the people who elect them do . 
  i highly doubt any of the eurozone countries give a fuck about ireland , why would i trust them after seeing what happened in greece ? 
  i agree but we still ca n't send them back, 
  a greek recently spoke of his attempts to create a party . 
  i ca n't remember details but in short it did not go well . 
  you need money to establish a party and right now the greeks have none, 
  most of these are from afghanistan or syria , sending them back is n't always an option, 
  depressing rural shithole mostly . 
  only options for many are dublin , london or the rope . 
  edit : my response was coloured by personal feelings , and obviously hyperbolic, 
  the `` dolescum '' attitude has been creeping into ireland recently . 
  i used to only see it from certain irreputable uk newspapers, 
  i meant specifically as an irishman the citizens of the uk have a lot of goodwill towards us . 
  i feel that if we were in greece 's situation and britain were in germany 's , then the english populace would support us . 
  i like the eu as an institution , i like schengen , i agree with many of the parliaments laws and i like the agreements on trade . 
  the crisis has n't significantly changed my opinion of the institution that is the eu , however it has greatly reduced my trust in other european countries . 
  as someone who has spent a lot of time around the continent it took me a while to get here but at this stage i just do n't trust europe . 
  the problem is n't the eu , it 's that european countries could n't give a flying fuck about each other . 
  that 's why i 'm against further integration , the only eu country i have any degree of trust in is the uk and they 're relatively eurosceptic and are after re-electing the tories which i find unsettling . 
  cork and derry are missing , limerick and galway can depend on how they 're measured, 
  irish or english ? 
  i doubt 70 % of irish words are latin based , irish is much more conservative than english, 
  there is more to ireland than leinster , there is more to language than business opportunities , and your views on the `` future '' or whatever do n't really gel with the rest of the world . 
  every country is a nationalist one , there is a difference between nationalism and chauvinism . 
  yeah , it 's an interesting situation . 
  i think it works although there is apparently a lot of corruption, 
  there 's no reason why moravia or the confederacy should n't live again if that 's what the majority of people want, 
  abortion is a peculiar issue in ireland . 
  people tend to think it 's just ireland being a catholic shithole but as recent laws have shown we can be very liberal too . 
  one thing i 've noticed is the amount of left-wing people who are against abortion . 
  hippy bullshitters are often vehemently anti-abortion which i believe is different in other countries . 
  let 's break up france , germany , the uk , spain and italy into small duchies . 
  for the craic mostly , i want more football teams, 
  the irish economy is strong despite austerity , not because of it . 
  we ere never going to be greece . 
  nd were terrible at implementing the program besides being one of the culpable parties , i ca n't help but feel the anger at syriza was either political or a warning to parties like podemos or sinn f\u00e9in . 
  i 've only heard the `` this is what you voted for , deal with it '' argument since syriza was voted in , and i 'm no fan of syriza but this reeks of politics, 
  maybe it 's a generational thing , but i feel your examples are kind of irrelevant . 
  i watched more bbc than rte growing up and i did n't know we did n't have universal health care til i was around 16 . 
  my experiences in a rural catholic school never sounded vastly different from rural catholic schools in the north . 
  i can definitely see how people from my parents generation may have been affected by the troubles etc ( my family certainly was ) but among the youth the antics of the diehard republicans/loyalists are just as removed from their lives as from mine . 
  these are all very vague things but i find with things like sense of humour , general mannerisms and such , that i 'm much closer as a connacht man to ni people than to the peculiar sardonic character of dubliners or the kind of gentle , proud and dignified air you get from most people south of limerick . 
  i live in cork at the moment and i definitely feel the difference , more so than any time i 've spent further north . 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm just talking shite . 
  oppression is n't the only reason people might want self-determination, 
  a free and fair referendum followed by a peaceful secession is exactly how it works , at least how it should work . 
  i actually supported scottish independence from the sidelines , but i was very impressed with how maturely the uk handled the situation . 
  the bbc and better together campaigns could have been better but compared to spain the uk looks extremely good . 
  indian nations should definitely have the right , though i do n't see any of them doing it . 
  i 'd argue that states should have the right too . 
  why do you care if minorities in your own country separate ? 
  why would you deny catalans their place in europe just to spite szekelers ? 
  i honestly have a hard time understanding this . 
  why would romania veto such a move ? 
  the amount of mental gymnastics here is hilarious, 
  pretty much every state except texas . 
  it 's irrelevant though because nobody in america is in favour of secession besides a handful of texans , alaskans , southerners , indian tribes and fans of the cascadia meme ( each movement is vanishingly small ), 
  nobody cared when greece voted in the corrupt and incompetent parties that made this mess , but when they voted for a new face everyone suddenly went crazy, 
  \u00c9amon de valera is an extremely controversial figure , i doubt he fits in the national treasure category, 
  the border is n't as rigid as you think . 
  my family is from cavan/monaghan/armagh area and the culture difference is literally non-existent on either side of the border . 
  i 'd feel more affinity as a galwegian with someone from fermanagh than with a dubliner or wexford man , for example . 
  ireland definitely is n't homogeneous but i think the border is a fairly arbitrary place to start drawing cultural lines, 
  the problem is n't that taxes are too low or too high , just that the system is a shambles and even collecting taxes is extremely difficult . 
  i 'm not advocating tax evasion, 
  i feel like you 're deliberately misunderstanding, 
  who gives a shit ? 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't know anyone who thinks that way . 
  northern people fit in seamlessly , the only time i felt `` foreign '' around a northern lad was when i got picked up hitching by a protestant who proceeded to tell me all the reasons why the irish were shite . 
  the vast majority of my encounters with northerners both protestant and catholic have been great . 
  without the accent it 's impossible to tell the difference between someone from ni or roi . 
  i 've a feeling you have n't met many northerners tbh . 
  fermanagh and tyrone too , donegal looks pure lonely up there . 
  newry if we can keep all the cheap cans, 
  it 's grand , no more dangerous than the rest of ireland . 
  nowadays there 's just a load of cunts moaning about inconsequential shite like flags , cakes , marches and curried yoghurt, 
  .5 % is actually more than i expected . 
  has there been a noticeable decrease in police spending also ? 
  in many cases the people ca n't pay taxes . 
  the greek tax system is insane and instead of fixing it they just slapped on more taxes to the point where paying tax is n't possible in many cases , which in turn leads people to feel justified in not paying taxes `` why should i pay tax if nobody else is '' your second sentence is silly and makes you sound like you have a grudge against the greeks, 
  fine gael in ireland, 
  to be honest there have been countless criteria for marriage throughout different ages and cultures . 
  it 's not like it has n't been `` redefined '' before , and even still , everyone still knows what `` marriage '' is and this is n't going to significantly change the institution simply by extending it to a small minority . 
  the reproduction argument is the only sensible argument against gay marriage but it does n't take into account the fact that sterile couples exist or that gay couples often adopt or have surrogate children . 
  pretty much . 
  you say it like it 's a bad thing, 
  it 's only been a couple of months since we voted for gay marriage and it has already worked wonders for gay acceptance in ireland . 
  when people talk about gay marriage they 're nearly always talking about civil marriage anyway . 
   freedom of speech and democracy has been separate from religion for hundreds of years .
