   you will stop being jealous of your girlfriend after eating it what ? 
  i 'm doubly confused . 
  where did this come from , and why is being jealous a good thing ? 
  it probably depends on your native language . 
  fuck can mean a million things too depending on what prepositions , syntax , etc. 
  i live with some poles and how they use kurwa is more or less the same way we use fuck in ireland . 
  fuck is definitely the most common . 
  it 's practically a grammatical feature at this stage . 
  that 's a myth , truth is nobody knows where they came from . 
  there are christian terrorist groups in india and uganda who have pretty large body counts . 
  just because europe is civilised does n't mean all christian countries are . 
  britons are welsh , cornish and breton people traditionally but nowadays it 's used for uk citizens . 
  irish people have never been britons , but gaels . 
  ( though there 's evidence to suggest britons lived in ireland in ancient times ), 
  i think it 's just our accent can be difficult for people who have n't heard it, 
  i 'd be surprised if this was n't true really, 
  thanks !, 
  if people realise we 're talking about ireland , they often assume we 're in the uk . 
  otherwise it 's always , `` where are you from ? '', 
  ireland . 
  `` holland , wow ! '', 
  `` no , ireland '' `` poland , awesome '' , `` no , ireland '' , `` ahhh , with the volcanoes ! '', 
  only one i can think of is that some believe mi5 were involved in the [ dublin-monaghan bombings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_and_monaghan_bombings ) edit : and these [ fuckin shitehawks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freemen_on_the_land ), 
  wow . 
  if this is sourceable i 'm surprised i have n't seen any of it here . 
  i remember the phone-tapping and the erdogan/gulen fight , but not the bits before or after . 
  the migrants moving to europe are in no place to displace europeans . 
  they are not conquering tribes , they are powerless , they are not a dominant culture , they are scattered , speaking many languages , adhering to different religions , they segregate themselves based on nationality . 
  we are under no threat whatsoever , we 're talking about some of the weakest and least dominant cultures moving into the world 's strongest civilisation we have very little to fear from migrants . 
  there are n't massive groups of left-wingers brigading this sub and copying pasting posts from tumblr , if there was they 'd be laughed out of here, 
  i was n't saying i was in favour , from what i 've heard the conditions on those camps are awful . 
  nobody is ignoring this issue , it 's on every news website i see , and it 's on the twentyfour-hour news cycle . 
  the problem was n't threads about immigration , the problem is people spamming / pol / memes in every single thread . 
  that stifled discussion more than these mega-threads ever did . 
  believe it or not i want to discuss immigration too , but it 's not possible when every thread is full of posts like u/fosiss 's in this thread , as well as blatant brigading and political up/down voting, 
  lol , do you realise bulgars were n't in bulgaria until after the roman empire too . 
  i suppose mongols , magyars and turks never happened either, 
  people do n't go through the ridiculous hardships of smuggling themselves across the sahara , through warzones and over the med at risk of drowning , starving , being beaten death , under constant attack , etc. 
  for 30 euro a week and a sleeping bag on the floor of a refugee centre . 
  about religion , well you 're retarded . 
  these are n't fucking saudi grand muftis , they 're poor africans , many of whom are christian . 
  i do n't know how he kept a straight face , this is n't even the biggest immigration event europe 's ever faced, 
  australia does n't throw anyone into the sea , they are sent to internment camps on png and nauru . 
  it 's not an ideal solution , but it 's better than nothing . 
  there 's a large cohort of organised people who are obsessed with this issue and who flood the sub with politically motivated posts and submissions . 
   i used to go to an irish pub in south london - and it sometimes ended up like in western movies , with mass brawls and people throwing chairs at the pianist . 
  is that a typical night out in ireland too , or were they just rough because away from home ? 
  far from typical , there are scummy pubs and good pubs , same as everywhere . 
   back in the day in irish pubs in the uk there 'd be people collecting money `` for the boys '' . 
  did that happen in the republic too ? 
  i always got the feeling in ireland people just wished ni would fuck off and disappear . 
  only really happened in the north , the border and certain republican oriented pubs elsewhere , again , far from common . 
   i heard racism against immigrants is pretty bad - always weird reading that about places like ireland or italy where so many of their people used to be poor emigrants . 
  is that true or just media exaggeration ? 
  i 've never heard of it , we manage to integrate our immigrants pretty well . 
  there were a couple of incidents in loyalist neighbourhoods in belfast and in certain poor areas of dublin but it 's not widespread . 
  we have no far-right movements for example and racism is n't an acceptable viewpoint for the average person  was it really all trapattoni 's fault ? 
  we 're just shite at football  have you forgiven france yet ? 
  never  what is the general perception of syriza ? 
  sympathetic or `` fuck you , just do what we all had to do and get on with it '' everyone i 've spoken to has been sympathetic to the greek people and critical of germany . 
  i do n't know most people probably neither know or care about them , the dominant narrative here is that the greeks are being shafted , at least in my area . 
   are crowds at gaelic sports events pretty rough , or would you recommend it for a tourist with kids ? 
  crowds are great , sometimes there 's drink involved but never violence/conflict . 
  atmosphere is really nice and friendly . 
   do americans who claim to he `` irish '' because they had a great grant parent annoy the fuck out if you ? 
  it 's not that annoying , just funny . 
  do n't care , it 's up to yous . 
  if there was a vote i 'd vote for it but it would have to be voted in the north first for that to happen . 
  basically it was [ these guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/society_of_united_irishmen ), 
  the fathers of our nationalist movement were actually mostly protestant . 
  i agree but it 's unfair to blame this poster for that . 
  to be honest i doubt that if i were living in russia i 'd be able or willing to protest either . 
  i 'd probably just try to leave . 
  russia is n't the most functional democracy in the world , and revolutions are n't easy . 
  that 's even if he is an ethnic russian and not one of the minorities who would be especially affected by these measures . 
  you ca n't expect him to take responsibility for putin 's governance . 
  yeah , living in galway i 've to put up with these types a lot, 
  i 've met a lot of scottish and english republicans and other political minorities who 've said the same . 
  i think it 's because our day to day lives are very similar , so it 's easy to relate to , but our political culture is quite different . 
  because of our history , we have adopted a civic type nationalism , basically your background does n't matter , living here is what makes you irish . 
  people forget that ireland is not a mono-ethnic country , there are a few ethnicities native to this island and all are as irish as eachother . 
  there 's gaelic irish , ulster-scots , anglo-irish , and irish travellers , as well as historically there were norse-gaelic and norman communities who had their influence on the island . 
  from this point of view it strikes us as being odd that people claim to be irish despite not being from here , as we view being from here the only qualifier , genetics or whatever do n't matter . 
  the only non-irish people i would feel any affiliation with is newfoundlanders as the culture of newfoundland has borrowed extremely heavily from irish culture , to the point where they still speak in waterford accents . 
  that depends on which part of the country i find . 
  here in the west most people would see northern people as being no different to anyone from the rest of the country . 
  we get very frustrated at sectarianism and all the shite that surrounds it but we 're well aware that most ordinary people do n't get involved . 
  as a catholic you wo n't be seen in any way different , as a protestant you might get a slagging , but it wo n't go beyond `` feckin protestants , up to no good as usual '' type jokes . 
  ( keep in mind we have protestants here too , but there is no divide ) . 
  the only sectarianism i can imagine in the south would be from little shites in bad areas who are looking for a reason to cause trouble . 
  if i were to ask anyone what they thought of , say belfast , 90 % of people would say `` i bet it 's some craic on a night out '' or something similar . 
  i 'm not a fan of pop music , especially not 90 's pop , but we have some fantastic modern music . 
  thin lizzy , rory gallagher , van morrison , foy vance , stiff little fingers , villagers , rejjie snow , loads of shite really . 
  i 'll second this , great suggestion !, 
  ulster flag , i 'll tell me ma , checks out . 
  you 've a decent knowledge of irish literature , it 's nice to see, 
  ` tis far from snickers you were reared, 
  ha , i 'm from south galway so i 'd know a lot of the clare crowd . 
  some of my best nights were spent half-mouldy watchin the sun come up in the burren . 
  great craic,
