  it 's pointless and a waste of money . 
  revenge based justice systems are retarded . 
  actually i think it 's worse than pointless , it seems to be counterproductive  `` best prison sytems in the world '' apparently not . 
  it scores very highly in nearly all measures and has the lowest re-offending rate in europe . 
  prison is n't meant for punishment , at least not in norway . 
  bear in mind they have one of the best prison sytems in the world, 
  they 're getting in illegally , they are n't allowed in . 
  we 're deporting the ones we can process , catch and physically force to leave . 
  again , the problem is there are too many and we do n't have the resources to deal with them all . 
  they are . 
  those people are n't allowed in . 
  they find illegal ways in . 
  when the migrants are found not to be legitimate refugees they are sent back , problem is there are waaaaaay too many to process , even if we sent back 90 % there would still be shitloads getting in . 
  true , the one i 'm really afraid of is the fn in france, 
  many extreme right wing parties are eurosceptic . 
  if people started pulling out of the eu it would be an economic disaster . 
  many far right parties are very xenophobic . 
  fanning the flames of ethnic conflict is a terrible idea . 
  many far-right parties are very authoritarian . 
  our liberties have been eroded enough already finally , i think far-right parties are emotional , childish and incompetent . 
  there have been too many outbursts by far-right politicians to ignore . 
  they do n't act like rational people in parliament so i do n't think they 'd act like rational people in government . 
   when the left is actually willing to consider a plan that does n't simply involve countries taking xx thousand more asylum seekers maybe we 'll see a workable solution . 
  sharing the burden around is n't a long term plan , it 's damage control . 
  nobody has a plan . 
  people keep spouting nonsense like `` close the borders '' `` send them back '' . 
  ignoring the fact that the borders are closed and we are sending them back . 
  the problem is there are too many , and we do n't have enough resources . 
  it 's not a left/right issue . 
  rape is basically torture , it 's unnecessarily cruel and a step beyond killing . 
  i can imagine killing someone under certain extreme circumstances . 
  i ca n't understand what it 'd be like to even want to rape someone . 
  it 's completely alien . 
  if i met a murderer just out of jail , i do n't even think i 'd hold it against him . 
  if i met a rapist i would be seriously disturbed . 
  it 's kind of a weird one . 
  as an aside note , i 've often fantasised about dying , never about being raped ( though i 'd imagine there are some who have . ), 
  maybe we 're more afraid of rape , or we see it as more animalistic ? 
  i was just explaining why many of them do n't want to fight for syria , i agree with you . 
  i somewhat agree but you should keep in mind that the croats had something to fight for . 
  if there 's a comparison to the croats it 's the kurds , who are putting up a valiant effort and are even taking in refugees , but for other syrians there simply is no such nation to protect . 
  given the choice between isis and assad , both of whom are monsters it 's not an unreasonable position . 
  if i were non-kurdish syrian i would be out of there in a minute . 
  for many of them syria is not worth risking their lives for , it does n't mean much to them . 
  svalbard ? 
  or is that under international rule ? 
  there 's some weird laws around it anyway . 
  there are tonnes of overseas territories too , french guyana maybe ? 
  lighten up lad !, 
  i crossed the gevgelija border four times in 2013 . 
  it 's madness to see it like this . 
  i 've met plenty of catalans too , there are loads of them who visit my city every year , as well as basques . 
  they 're not boogeymen , they 're just people who see themselves as catalan and not spain . 
  i do n't really see how our experiences have been so different . 
  they makes, 
  something that you are n't trafficked or forced into . 
  i wish selling sex could be a normal thing , but i do n't think it 's possible , except for unusual cases such as pornstars and even those are often exploited , and are deeply hurt and traumatised by this kind of work . 
  that 's actually what i meant by my original comment, 
  yeah , i do n't really know why they 'd be lying , you 'd think they 'd be more in favour of helping people . 
  oh , i see , and i agree with you to play the devil 's advocate , at the same time i do n't think it 's unreasonable for her to not want to be a criminal for something she would be doing anyway . 
  there are other parties in favour of independence . 
  people were making the same arguments in scotland , saying salmond was a megalomaniac or attacking the snp rather than debating independence . 
  it just seems like a distraction . 
  independence can happen under many parties . 
  maybe there are some but most i 've heard from want the administrative borders of catalonia , i 've yet to hear from a catalan who wants to take valencia with them for example , though i 'm sure they exist . 
  i honestly do n't think any of your characterisations are fair . 
  catalans are no different than any other regionalist movements in europe . 
  obviously most people do n't give a fuck but if we 're talking about people involved in the debate i 've never heard anyone put any other interests first . 
   their bottom line . 
  the only people profitting are pimps and traffickers and they obviously do n't take part in the debate, 
  i actually agree with you , `` common sense '' is often wrong in scientific matters , but there are also many people who have an attitude that banning `` evil '' things will make them go away , common sense does n't just mean intuition , it implies a certain level of reason and there are many people who are unwilling to reason . 
  i 'll admit this is less relevant to prostitution than it is to other areas , i think most people generally want what is best for unfortunate men and women who are involved in the sex trade . 
  i agree in that less prostitution should be a goal , but i do n't think that criminalising prostitution is a good answer . 
  i think it 's fundamentally illiberal , and it 's more likely to push prostitution underground . 
  it 's definitely not normal work , for sure . 
  i have n't heard that from any catalan nationalists . 
  usually they cite wealth disparity , language protection , more democracy and authoritarianism from madrid as reasons for independence , never `` we 're better than castilians '', 
  true , but his characterisation of catalans was way over the top , people would n't accept that rhetoric about irish people in the north and sinn f\u00e9in are just as ethnically/linguistically nationalist as any prominent catalan parties i 've heard . 
  it 's completely unfair to call catalan nationalists `` volkisch '' as if they were literal nazis for wanting independence . 
  this is a definite concern and my comment was a bit facetious , i was mostly talking about people who want it criminalised for moralistic reasons . 
   that so many liberal and progressive catalans eat their bullshit just because they promise them volkisch fantasies about blood and motherland and how much better than other spaniards they are is just pathetic , absolutetly pathetic . 
  and then foreigners come and eat the line about how much better and more democratic and progressive and anarchist and cool you are than other spaniards , hook , line and sinker !, 
  please , there 's a reason why catalonia is the only spanish region where racist fucks like pxc have had a minimum of success , or why the pp propaganda there is so much more racist and xenophobic than in the rest of spain . 
  this entire paragraph is ridiculous . 
  imagine if english people said this about scotland . 
  sorry if i inferred something you were n't trying to say , i thought you were saying syrians and iraqis were leaving their families behind because it was in their culture not to care, 
  yeah , it pretty much never works . 
  usually the asylum request is denied and there is no chance of bringing the family over , and the family remain separated . 
  people keep doing it though . 
  are you suggesting family is n't important in arab culture ? 
  have you ever been to the middle east ? 
  there 's plenty that 's wrong with arab culture , i get extremely frustrated with many of their values , but they definitely value family a lot . 
  if my country was fighting between cartoonishly evil islamists and dictators i 'd get the fuck out of dodge too . 
  the only faction in syria i 'd consider fighting for is the ypg and if you 're not a kurd it 's not as easy to see them as worth fighting for . 
  you 're also ignoring the huge amounts of refugees who fled germany , russia and poland during wwii , the western front was relatively civilised but you can be sure there were n't any civilians in for example stalingrad . 
  i do n't think anyone purposely abandons their families but often the families get separated anyway , as asylum applications are usually denied . 
  the opposite situation also occurs where the woman will arrive first , end up in prostitution or with a local boyfriend and will leave her husband in limbo , trapped somewhere in north africa or in a migrant centre in europe . 
  unfortunately many people do , common sense is n't that common . 
  they usually send the men first as they can only afford transport for one and the journey is physically very demanding . 
  if the men 's asylum application is accepted then the women can come over .
