  i really did n't know this was still a thing . 
   it 's reasonable to assume that ireland would define itself fiercely against the uk by whatever means . 
  that 's not really reasonable to assume . 
  the census is skewed by the fact that non-religious people will report themselves as catholic because of their background . 
  if someone asked me i 'd tell them i was catholic , not because i 'm religious but because i come from a catholic , as opposed to anglican or presbyterian . 
  i 'm catholic but i 'm not christian . 
  iraq has a functional military , in fact the iraqi military is in a much better position than assad 's . 
  that is n't true . 
  in fact the us has has helped assad in the siege of deir az zor . 
  also , al nusra has never been an fsa group . 
  i 'm not denying that there is discrimination , i 'm saying that it 's discrimination based on religion , not nationality . 
  she is probably irish . 
  the catholic church are doing the discrimination here , not the irish people . 
  that young girl is probably irish herself . 
  i , as an irish atheist , would have just as hard a time getting into that school . 
  to be honest i 'm not looking forward to it . 
  money is the only thing keeping ksa stable and when that 's gone things wo n't be pleasant , especially not for the thousands of migrant workers living there . 
   how , literally how , am i supposed to take the anti-american left seriously ? 
  stop trying . 
  people who set themselves up an `` anti- '' any country and base their politics around that instead of using their heads are not to be taken seriously . 
  it 's fine to be against the us because you 're against the position they are taking , it 's stupid to be against the position they are taking because you are anti-us as a rule . 
  i 'm pretty leftist on many issues and i think the left has to work to counter this nonsense . 
  poles are very popular in ireland . 
  [ yeeeeooooos internally ], 
  that 's wrong though . 
   you can only be black and english if you are mixed . 
  this is wrong , there are many ethnic groups which are tied to or defined by race . 
  english is not one of them . 
  there are black english people , and that does n't make white english people any less english so i do n't know who 's being `` robbed '' of anything . 
  it 's possible to be both black and ethnically english , though . 
  as far as i 'm aware `` black afro-caribbean british '' is also an ethnicity and probably one that more black people identify with , but there are definitely a lot of black people who have more in common with traditional english culture than with afro-caribbean british culture . 
   so if im a white dane but consider myself a black somali , then im a black somali ? 
  no but if you 're a black englishman who considers himself a black englishman then you 're a black englishman . 
  taytos were apparently the first flavoured crisp , and they invented cheese and onion , smoky bacon and salt and vinegar flavours in their first range , i think they invented more later on too . 
  up galway, 
  more than you know i met him a few times and he had a fairly rough past . 
  he was a nice guy . 
  i 'm really shocked to see this actually . 
  that 's actually common to many european languages interestingly enough . 
  a bulgarian told me they call them the same thing . 
  yeah , i 'd imagine it 's pretty immersion-breaking . 
  it 's nice when they get it right though , and the witcher is n't bad , the name usually is just directly translated , e.g gwynbleidd is literally welsh for white wolf ( spelling might vary ) . 
  the only jarring thing is the pronounciation and the fact that irish and welsh have vastly different orthographies , welsh has a lot of letters that do n't exist in irish and it 's weird to see them together . 
  interesting , it looks closer to varg but it actually is cognate with wolf . 
  yeah , with words this old it 's often impossible to tell without comparing a lot of languages . 
  when you take a few languages together you can gleam the origin , as the languages tranformed differently and at different times , so you can put together the pieces and find the original word that links them, 
  we also use faol but mac t\u00edre is more common . 
  there are quite a few of these `` nicknamed '' animals in irish ( and i assume other languages ) , for example , spider is `` damh\u00e1n alla '' meaning `` spiky little ox '' . 
  i do n't think they 're related . 
  i tried to see on wiktionary but i do n't know the persian script and tajik did n't show any results for \u0413\u044a\u0440\u0433, 
   w\u013a\u0325k\u02b7os i 'm not the best at ipa but if i 'm reading it right this would be pronounced something vaguely like `` oolquos '' p/f -  q/k is a relatively common transformation , for example irish/welsh ceann/peann , ( head ) or italian/romanian quattro/patru ( four ) so i 'd imagine for germanic languages it went something like  * w\u013a\u0325k\u02b7os -  q sound turns to p/f -  * wulfaz ( proto-germanic ) -  `` az '' ending is dropped - wolf with latin , the same q-p transition did n't occur , but in this particular case the word `` lupus '' is borrowed from osco-umbrian , also in the italic branch , in which it did occur . 
  so it went something like  `` w\u013a\u0325k\u02b7os '' -  proto-italic '' * luk\u02b7os '' -  oscan-umbrian `` lupus '' -  borrowed into latin -  hence , loup/lobo/lupo, 
  persian is indo-european so it 's nice to see the comparison . 
  the language of the witcher is a random mix of welsh , irish and a few old english or tolkienesque words as far as i can tell . 
  there is a character called isengrim faoiltiarna . 
  isengrim means iron-helm ( old english or german , taken either from tolkien or folklore ) and faoiltiarna would mean `` wolf-lord '' in irish . 
  the name for the elves `` aen seidhe '' is probably a reference to `` aos s\u00eddhe '' which were elves or fairies of irish mythology . 
  ( aen elle might be from the word eile meaning other but i 've no evidence ) there is a land called t\u00edr na lia which could mean land of stone , or land of healers . 
  it was pretty strange playing the game and understanding half of the words . 
  who said anything about oppression ? 
  nobody cares about that anymore , the uk is our friend . 
  when i mentioned scotland as a historical ally , i should have specified the highlands , scottish soldiers were a permanent feature of medieval irish armies , and we often fought on the same side in rebellions . 
  our history with lowland settlers from scotland is obviously much different . 
  when i put scotland above the rest of the celtic countries i was referring to the culture we share , which is much closer than even welsh and irish . 
   tying to take us over again economically along with the us ... right so, 
  historically they were very important to our economy , and even politically and militarily , with things like the fenian invasion of canada . 
  not a country but definitely an ally of sorts . 
  even today 1/6 of irish born people live abroad so i 'd imagine they 're still an important group . 
  practically and in the `` real world '' you 're 100 % right . 
  we rely on the uk for loads of shit . 
  historically i would say scotland , as well as france and spain , though they were mostly just expedience , i do n't buy the whole `` catholic brotherhood '' thing , `` emotionally '' i would say the celtic countries , especially scotland , followed closely by various independence seeking countries like catalonia , palestine and the basque country , who traditionally have close political ties with irish republican ideology . 
  diaspora destinations deserve an honourable mention , particularly places like glasgow , liverpool , newfoundland and boston where a close connection was kept . 
  you 're comment was probably more relevant to the op , i just felt like adding some opinions . 
  we 're still a shower of bastards today so we wo n't hold it against yous, 
  nobody hates you, 
  i honestly do n't know a single person who hates or even dislikes english people . 
  plenty of animosity towards northern loyalists though , and a lot of people are against many uk institutions , particularly the army and the monarchy . 
   is it ? 
  would someone of entirely korean genetic heritage ever truly be gambian , even if they were born and raised speaking only wolof and mandinka and knew no home other than the gambia ? 
  i ca n't speak for gambia but they could definitely be irish . 
  if they were raised speaking both irish and english , and playing irish sports or music they could be [ `` hiberniores hibernis ipsis '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/more_irish_than_the_irish_themselves ) , to quote a famous saying . 
  assimilation in to irish culture has been going on for centuries , and some of the most culturally traditional irish people i know have asian , brazilian and african ancestors . 
  edit : replied to the wrong comment again , i always fucking do this, 
  thanks , that 's more or less what i wanted to know, 
  most of the irish country names come from latin , at least european countries . 
  i did n't know holy wells were common in bavaria . 
  they 're everywhere here, 
  do greeks have a name for the romans before greece had influence ? 
  what about people fron the city of rome ? 
  is it the same word for the rums of turkey , or for romanians ? 
  ( romaioi ? ), 
  yeah , we share a good few stories about fionn mac cumhaill , i assume there are much more in common but those are the only ones i 've read . 
  scottish gaelic is beautiful but confusing to hear , i can catch some of the words and make general sense of what they are saying but i definitely ca n't understand it . 
  apparently ulster irish and certain scottish dialects can understand each other though . 
  werewolves ( faoladh , conriocht ) in ireland were considered to be good guys too , known for protecting lost children and wounded men . 
  they were associated with the kingdom of osraighe , supposedly that tribe was put under a curse by an angry saint , which lingered long after their transgression had been forgiven . 
  there is a [ famous story ] ( http://www.irelandseye.com/aarticles/culture/talk/banshees/werewolf.shtm ) that deals with them wolves in general were very important in irish folklore , partly due to the connection with human transformation but mostly due to the fact that there was a fuckload of them . 
  english soldiers had the nickname `` wolf land '' for ireland and it was written that you could n't sleep at night for the howling of the wolves . 
  wolves were a big feature up until the cromwellian invasion , cromwell put a bounty on wolf skins and imported hunters from scandinavia and the continent to hunt them , as well as banning the exports of irish wolfhounds , which have been used to hunt wolves since antiquity . 
  the irish for wolf is `` mac t\u00edre '' meaning son of the land ( faolch\u00fa is another common word ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wolves_in_ireland,
