  should be fixed, 
   yes . 
  you 're a threat to european society as you clearly do n't share our values . 
  maybe we should send you to a camp in lybia . 
   adding fuel on the fire . 
  no it is n't . 
   what africa needs is birth control and smaller families . 
  development is the best way to stop population growth . 
   their still exponential growth is doom for the whole planet . 
  it 's not exponential . 
   start giving contraceptive injections before you start vaccinating . 
  what purpose is that supposed to serve , besides being a cuntish thing to do ? 
  if people want kids they will have them . 
  the point is to make them not want to have so many kids . 
  i 've heard our verdant complexion comes about because our plants need more chlorophyll to photosynthesis given the scarcity of sunlight . 
  sounds like it could be bollocks but i 'm going to carry on believing it anyways . 
  lol jersey has it 's own parliament , legal system judiciary etc. 
  you 're not even in the uk technically . 
  scotland is n't `` your country '', 
  the name actually predates the turkish conquest . 
  iirc ibn battuta describes the commoners calling the main party of the city `` istambul '' and the frankish quarter across the water galata . 
   the part of the city on the eastern bank of the river is called istambul , and contains the residence of the emperor , the nobles and the rest of the population ... 
  the second part , on the western bank of the river , is called galata , and is reserved to the frankish christians who dwell there . 
  they are of different kinds , including genoese , venetians , romans [ other italians ? ], 
  and people of france ; they are subject to the authority of the king of constantinople, 
  is this provinces or just cities ? 
  antakya ( antioch ) is of greek origin i thought ? 
   also looking at the documentary seems that in norway the midle ground gt is not very relevant . 
  yes i guess in norway there are a lot of ideological extremists on this issue . 
   it seems that you have not really seen the documentary , it 's easy , just click here i have seen it , and i was n't being sarcastic . 
  i agree that there were other `` casualties ''  you are using a fallacy called argument_to_moderation  this one is called false_equivalence . 
  now you 're naming fallacies when they do n't apply . 
  i 'm not saying that the truth must logically be in the middle , only that in this case it clearly is . 
  secondly , the equivalence is not false . 
  there are three possibilities . 
  gender is entirely socially constructed , which we 've established you do n't believe and which hjernevask disputes . 
  gender is informed both by society and biology , in which case you agree with me and the prevailing theories on gender 3 . 
  gender is entirely biological , in which case you believe that culture and society play no part . 
   the institute was only the most obvious casuality from the documentary . 
  sure  also know is time for the moderates ( never hearded before ) show up . 
   just for the first of that list : why women like pink . 
  i 've read the article , it does n't state why women like pink , it only offers some speculation with the promise to do further research . 
  besides that , it also offers a cultural ( i.e. 
  socially constructed ) explanation as to why chinese people prefer reddish colours . 
  if this was supposed to disprove anything it did a pretty poor job . 
  just to make sure , are you saying that culture plays absolutely no role in how men and women see the world ? 
   notallgendertheory nice meme . 
   yes he does contradict gender diferences as social constructions . 
  he does n't . 
  he contradicts certain examples by a norwegian institute which were foolish to begin with . 
  both absolute tabula rasa and absolute biological programming are wrong . 
  the truth is a mixture of both . 
   advocates of gender theory say that biology does n't matter , right ? 
  the norwegian institute says that . 
  first of all there is no single `` gender theory '' . 
  there is gender schemata theory which describes the process whereby one learns certain gender traits but it does n't touch upon biology at all and makes no attempt to discard biology . 
  the problems with the institute in question were purely political and not scientific . 
  these were people who came up with their answer first and worked backwards trying to find facts that supported it . 
  they were ideologically driven and very unprofessional as scientists . 
  that does n't discredit all work done in the area of gender , nor does it contradict any claims of social construction of gender roles . 
   all those elements are historically situated social constructions . 
  this is true of the examples he gave `` why women like pink , talk softly , wear skirts ( identity ) and stay at home ( role ) ? '', 
  all of these are clearly social factors with the exception talking softly which is unclear but arguably has a biological basis , and of staying at home , which is still a social factor but one that has been influenced by a mother 's biological impulses . 
  i think the issue here is that people want to distinguish between a `` normal woman '' and a `` trans woman '' . 
  i 'm sure most transexuals would be on board with just calling themselves women or men but most people do n't seem to be comfortable doing that . 
  there 's always been trannies in ireland . 
  as long as i 've been growing up anyway . 
  hjernevask does n't really contradict that . 
  it contradicts absolute tabula rasa thinking , but it 's not contradictory to say that social constructs can be informed by biological impulses . 
  in fact it seems almost certain that they would be . 
  the issue is that the nordic gender institute was ideologically blinkered . 
   how common is hitchhiking in your country ? 
  very common , and very easy . 
  i never had trouble getting a lift in ireland . 
  i like it a lot , it 's a really nice way to travel , though these days i 've been getting too lazy to hitch . 
  dubbed films are unwatchable . 
  the effect it 's had on irish culture and society is something that 's hard to communicate to foreigners . 
  it 's a huge shadow hanging over our history . 
  the flag on top of the tank belongs to [ jaysh al thowar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/army_of_revolutionaries ) , there 's not really any reason to call them fascists . 
  and the ch is like the german ch , not a hard k sound . 
   what ever happened to sovereignty ? 
  it is their country . 
  who the hell is the eu to tell them how to operate their country . 
  it 's my country . 
  i fully support the eu in this decision , and i view our governments actions as a betrayal . 
  i suspect the vast majority of people agree with me . 
  apple needs to pay taxes . 
  sovereignty in a republic comes from the people , at least in theory , and not from money . 
  in this instance the eu was doing more to uphold the sovereignty of the irish people than the irish government itself was . 
  maybe if you had some eu oversight in the us your political system would n't be bought and sold to the highest bidder as it it nowadays . 
  yeah , i agree completely . 
  hypocrisy is rampant these days , then again it always has been . 
  populism is rife on both the left and right wings . 
  you 're making this partisan issue where there is n't one , leaving aside the fact that the police are enforcing liberalism , not conservatism ( as ridiculous as that is ) . 
  the fact is that this is a really stupid law that amounts to emotionally and impotently lashing out . 
  there is plenty of prodcutive measures to be taken to combat extremism , and this is not one of them . 
  if they 're concerned about women they should be setting up support systems so women can leave their families without fear of retribution , but that would n't be as visible so it would n't win them any votes . 
  you need to realise that muslim women are just as religious as the men . 
  sometimes even more so . 
  i do n't know where you get the ridiculous idea that muslim women are all westernised .
