  stay away from the coast ( salt can kill them ) , look for some high ground , hilly areas and short grass . 
  the species that grows in ireland are [ liberty caps . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psilocybe_semilanceata ) they are very distinctive and there are no dangerous mushrooms that look anything like them in ireland , contrary to popular myth . 
  worst thing is you 'll find some duds . 
  i 'd say you should take some time looking at pics to familiarise yourself , the most obvious feature is the nipple and the bell shaped cap . 
  again , golf courses or fields with sheep are easiest because of the short grass but you have to go early before people arrive . 
  it 's picking season right about now in ireland . 
  we have some of the best mushrooms in the world here and they'e everywhere , if you 're into that sort of thing . 
   i just find it curious we are brought up so much because you 're a well-understood benchmark to compare things to . 
  in a thread about television , of course america will be brought up . 
  american tv is everywhere , i know much more about us tv than romanian . 
  people are going to make comparisons to what they know . 
  nobody 's trying to insult you . 
   not many irish like guinness . 
  that is n't true . 
  it 's one of the most common drinks and i doubt there 's a single pub in the country without it . 
  it 's ubiquitous . 
   so you can prove how cool you are . 
  i do n't think this is a factor for most people , at least not here . 
  i think we just have our attitudes on self-destruct . 
  if someone accepts that `` there is no god but god and muhammad is the prophet of god '' then they are muslims . 
  they can eat pork , drink and sleep around all they ant , they will still be muslims , just `` bad '' ones . 
  part of the reaso isis is so hated is because they practice `` takfir '' pr excommunication on other muslims . 
  i think croatia should definitely receive help for it 's economic troubles , there should be funding from the eu . 
  you definitely have a point about ethnic tensions in the balkans and it 's something that should be taken into consideration . 
  my frustration is more aimed at central european countries and my own . 
  we are not doing enough to help our european partners and that 's something i 'm not happy with . 
   it 's much easier to let things slide and laugh along i agree , but it does n't make them `` desperate worms ''  the type of gay guy people like , which is a silent and invisible one i do n't know where you 're getting this from, 
  what an absurd comment, 
  if you 're fleeing wahabbism you probably do n't want to go to the home of wahabbism, 
  lebanon is majority muslim and jordan , turkey , iran and iraqi kurdistan are all taking more refugees than europe . 
  i 'm from ireland , we 're not taking any either . 
  nobody asked for these refugees . 
  the fact remains germany , italy , greece and hungary need help . 
  you can refuse to give it to them if you want , it wo n't stop me thinking you 're wrong . 
  the way europe acted in the 90s was wrong too but that should n't mean croatia gets to act spitefully . 
  nobody 's `` shifting blame '' for anything , people need your help , they 're asking for it and you 're straight up refusing . 
  hopefully croatia does n't need help for anything in the future . 
  hopefully estonia can deal with russia on it 's own . 
  solidarity obviously mean nothing to you . 
  turkey 's a fantastic place to visit, 
   oh flamboyant gays suck i agree nobody should do this , people should just leave each other be . 
  which is why i think calling people desperate worms is wrong . 
  out of all the gay people i know , none of them will get angry at me when i use the word gay for something other than it 's original meaning . 
  they understand tht i 'm not trying to insult them it 's just part of normal speech to use words that you hear around you . 
  these people are fantastic people , they are n't `` desperate worms '' as you say , some people have different priorities and the world is n't a political battleground . 
   desperate worms stripped of self esteem you 're being hugely disparaging to a huge group of people . 
  a lot of people just do n't give a shit . 
   why do i have to replace my culture or adapt mine to suit others who are coming to live in the country i was born in ? 
  i hear this complaint a lot but i 've never really experienced it . 
  i do n't think english culture has been hurt by the large amount of muslims there now ( let 's be honest , when people say `` different cultures '' the mean muslims ) england is more liberal than it 's ever been , gay marriage was passed recently and muslims did n't stop that . 
  i do n't think muslims will ever be a threat to english society . 
  i 'm not trying to agree or disagree with immigration , just saying that i think this argument is a bit overplayed . 
  i find the opposite , but that could just be irish culture . 
  most people are apathetic , extremists are really biased and spout soundbites , memes and myths . 
  moderates are very well informed but very jaded and cynical , and sometimes have the `` i just want to watch the world burn '' attitude . 
  it 's a shame because aryan mythology and culture is really interesting and it 's a nice word . 
  same with the swastika , it ' a a really cool symbol . 
  nazis turn everything they touch to trash . 
  this is n't only an american problem . 
  i think classism is a lot more accepted thna racism for example, 
  i 'm glad for your input anyways, 
  the new zealand accent is one of the nicest in english , beaten only by welsh in my opinion . 
  i wonder if there 's any correlation between sheepshagging and being beautifully well-spoken, 
  you should make the effort to acquire the taste . 
  they are fantastic , there 's a reason wine people act like such wankers . 
  everyone already smokes in ireland , but hopefully people will shut up about legalisation ( not that it is n't an important issue ), 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of `` holding '' anything , i think it 's an attitude . 
  irish people have their attitude firmly on self-destruct . 
  you 're right . 
  meme-based justice systems have been shown to be the most effective, 
  obviously not . 
  left wing crimes do not justify right wing crimes . 
  i would hope that people would learn not to vote for shitty populists and extremists of any persuasion instead of shitflinging based on arbitrary left and right distinctions . 
  that 's true , i just do n't like the way people act as if nobody is trying to stop this flow . 
  people are trying , it 's just really hard . 
  i also do n't like the constant blaming of leftists , it 's not realistic . 
  i do n't think we should be encouraging revenge , and i 'm not sure it would emotionally help anyone . 
  i think reconciliation and forgiveness programs are a better idea . 
  i 'd be happy to be proven wrong . 
  `` you do n't want to torture him , you must be on his side !! '', 
  worst reasoning ever . 
  torture is a sign of a sick justice system . 
  it 's harmful to the people who carry it out . 
  i do n't ever want to be associated with torture . 
  you can wank yourself to sleep thinking about torture all you like , it 's still disgusting and you should n't look for excuses to support it . 
   far-right parties are authoritarian ? 
  most liberties seem to be eroded under leftwing parties , just reasons change , instead of `` threat to the state '' and `` terrorism '' , you have `` racism '' and `` xenophobia '' . 
  left wing parties are capable of authoritarianism too , ** far ** right parties actively pursue it . 
  and the worst in left-wing infringements have been for the same reasons as right wingers . 
  they want more control and they use terrorism , drugs and paedophilia as excuses to take it . 
   also , i think i 'd prefer a xenophobic party rather than hatred towards white male heterosexuals which far left offers . 
  nobody 's hating white male heterosexuals . 
  before you link me some tumblr bullshit be aware that these people do n't really exist in the real world , except maybe universities in anglo countries or sweden and they 're in no position to hurt you . 
  also you should n't vote for any radical authoritarian parties , it 's not a choice between nazis and commies , there are better parties out there . 
   put him in a dark , tiny cell and torture him without killing until the rest of his misirible life . 
  that is the right thing to do with him . 
  you 're a monster, 
   it should be . 
  why ?
