  if we want to get really nerdy i love the old flag of the high kings , basically the [ flag of the province of meath ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_meath#/media/file:flag_of_mide.svg ) , but on a black field instead of blue , there was an example on the internet but i ca n't find it . 
  i think this would make a great presidential standard ( black seems so professional ) [ st patrick 's saltire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_patrick%27s_saltire ) is n't bad either , though it was only ever used for norman families originally , and recently in the north . 
  if i were to design a flag afresh , i would use a celtic cross , to represent the gaelic culture of the island , skewed left , nordic style , to represent the viking and norman influence on many cities and counties , with a red st georges cross inset to represent anglo-irish and ulster scots people , as it is taken from both the english flag and the ulster banner . 
  all of this on a green field to represent the island of ireland . 
  basically a green norway with a big ring on the outer cross . 
  i like the one i kept seeing in thessaloniki , a black byzantine eagle on a yellow background . 
  i bet it 's associated with the church or something shit though . 
  pontic flag is cool too, 
  the snp in scotland had a referendum on independence last year . 
  catalonia has said they will have one soon , though the spanish state are acting unsupportive in this regard . 
  crimea had a legitimate referendum in the 90 's , quebec has had 2 . 
  northern ireland has a clause saying that once the majority of people want one , there will be a referendum . 
  the ex-yugoslav states bar serbia were all formed by separating from yugoslavia , many of them violently . 
  edit : with regards to uighurs , i 've heard turks ask for independence for uighurs , i also support this . 
  fgm is a mostly east african thing . 
  in some islamic sects it 's haraam , in others it 's recommended . 
  it 's also practiced by christians in eastern africa and pre-dates both islam and christianity . 
  that article is by a palestinian muslim , not a western feminist . 
  the types of `` feminist '' everyone gets so riled up about do n't even exist in the real world . 
  they are confined to very small circles in american , australian and maybe swedish academia . 
  us gives almost full independence to native american tribes , there have been plenty of independence referendums in europe , baltics exist because they gained independence from ussr , finland exists because it gained independence from russia . 
  self-determination of nations is taken pretty seriously here , i do n't know how turks can deny people that right especially while asking for rights for uighurs in china and `` terrorists win '' is not a valid argument from anyone, 
  the us has nothing to fear from russia , europe definitely does . 
  what agenda would that be ? 
  political reasons, 
  cashing in on that sweet post-colonial guilt . 
  i mean from politicians in countries like slovakia and finland . 
  i try not to take anything online seriously . 
  you 're right though , mistrust is a better term, 
  i do n't think you in particular hate greeks but i 've heard from a lot of places that greeks deserve to suffer , deserve to be punished , etc. 
  the entire crisis has been a shitshow , nobody denies that but people should try to have more empathy . 
  great reply , i actually agree with you on points 1 and 3 . 
  it 's point 2 that i have issue with . 
  making an example of greece is not something i agree with . 
   there was this one kid . 
  i forgot his username . 
  but he was from greece and took responsibility . 
  it was the most amazing thing . 
  this is n't circlejerking ? 
  we must have been reading different subreddits . 
  greece is a european country . 
  the fact is that in a few years ireland or bulgaria or finland could be in a shit situation and if it was ireland , i would n't trust anyone but the uk to actually give a shit and work in my interests . 
  the policy towards greece seems to be based more on punishment as an attempt to pander to voters . 
  the fact that it is voters who want to punish greece and not ideological leaders is disturbing . 
  i love the eu , i do n't trust my fellow eu citizens however . 
  obviously i do n't expect creditors to pay for greece forever , but i think if this crisis was managed correctly they would n't have to . 
  debt relief should have been on the table , stimulus should have been on the table , growth should have been the goal . 
  syriza wo n't be the ones to suffer . 
  every country i can think of votes for the standard centre left / right split . 
  greece has been no different . 
  nobody cared when we voted for shit corrupt governments in ireland . 
  people show sympathy when ex-socialist states get plundered by corruption . 
  when greeks do it they 're suddenly expected to be experts in politics who should know better ? 
  this `` no responsibility '' meme is getting more annoying than the `` lazy greeks '' meme . 
  i do n't understand why people are always looking for ways to attack the populace instead of people with actual power . 
  this whole affair has really destroyed my faith in europe . 
  if european countries show so much hate towards each other i do n't know why anyone would trust them to work in each others interests . 
  it 's a common enough story in the west . 
  apparently columbus came here to research it when he was making his plans . 
  also the hidden island/sunken land trope is common in both branches of celtic mythology, 
  bollocks , strong leaders almost never help . 
  strong institutions are what 's important . 
  one constitution is worth a thousand dictators , and constitutions are often written by your so-called `` sheep '' . 
  your desire for a hero figure is really strange , i do n't usually hear that attitude from europeans . 
  it 's definitely sociological . 
  there is more genetic diversity inside africa than without , yet ( subsaharan ) africans are all labeled black , and very commonly arabs are considered non-white , despite being genetically very similar to europeans . 
  sometimes even turks are called non-white and greeks white despite being descended from similar stock . 
  maybe something like race exists but the common usage is completely fabricated, 
  there definitely is a dutch ethnicity , as well as minorities like frisians, 
  the spire is shite but it 's worth it for the countless nicknames that witty dubliners have given it, 
  sounds like wilful ignorance to be honest . 
  i agree with you as regards iran , it 's unacceptable that europe was pursuing such a blind policy but i think it 's beyond any doubt who was responsible for mh17, 
  you 're suggesting we let them drown ? 
  seriously ? 
  i agree . 
  i 've been to lebanon and the position those people are in is n't enviable . 
  brain drain is n't really something to be glad of . 
  it only makes the problem worse on both sides . 
  i 've always wanted to go to that . 
  soft power also takes into account diplomatic power , alliances etc , i 'd imagine the commonwealth has a huge effect on british soft power . 
  i 'm pretty sure the us is a bigger cultural exporter . 
  i think that may just be for music . 
  i ca n't imagine swedish film or television being net exports . 
  otherwise you 're absolutely right, 
  i know , i 'm actually pretty interested in brittany , i was just making a no true scotsman joke . 
  brittany 's a cool country . 
  we often get breton musicians and dancers performing here in the west of ireland . 
  yeah , and the ottoman 's called it konstantiniyye . 
  the name change seems like more of a republican move than an ethnic one . 
  russian was tsarigrad which kind of cool . 
  in irish it 's just cathair chonstaint\u00edn , `` constantine 's city '' which is kind of boring, 
  they export huge amounts of culture , british culture is almost ubiquitous at this stage , even outside the former british empire . 
  only america surpasses them . 
  i 'd add a few more to that list . 
  japan deserves to be up there , probably a few others like brazil or egypt though they are more regional and tied to language . 
  sweden 's output is extremely impressive relative to it 's size . 
  bretons are n't french , no true frenchmen at least . 
  edit : for fuck 's sake , did n't want to have to explain the joke , our polish friend got it , it was a no true scotsman joke . 
  the uk is a cultural powerhouse , more so than any other eu country . 
  eritreans are some of those i have no problem taking actually .
