  actually , i 've heard the opposite , comparing ukraine to ireland and donbass/lugansk to northern ireland . 
  it 's very rare for irish people to take the side of the `` big guy '' in these situations . 
  i 'd imagine it 's just some anti-american kids ho think everything russia does is sticking it to the man . 
  anyway , do n't think these comparisons are useful . 
  oh i know clare do , but that 's only because it 's rightful galwegian territory . 
  west cork does n't suprise me because it 's full of mad aul hippies same as here . 
  did n't know bucky was a big thing in munster, 
  it 's actually required on entry, 
  lyons is jackeen tea , and i shudder to think of whatever the brits call tea . 
  7s are nicer and i 'll have nobody tell me otherwise, 
  these are grand , just never say eire, 
   whenever i or any british person uses the term , they 're not subtly trying to assert british control over ireland that 's the problem for many , it was used by northern unionists quite a bit for this reason . 
  ( you 're in the british isles so you 're british ), 
  our buckfast is nicer, 
  eibhl\u00edn , a r\u00fain would be the irish for that, 
  lenition/ellipsis and matching vowels and consonants are my favourite things about the language . 
  they make it sound so nice when spoken fluently . 
  arthur mcbride by paul brady would be my favouite , but kep in mind folk songs are a just one part of our musical tradition , there are many other genres . 
  i 'll post a selection when i 'm off the bus . 
  edit : [ folk songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbgkhpx529g ) [ another ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsfvw1ldpos ) [ one in irish for good measure ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc6r_l8hffm ) [ dance tunes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anpjw9drjeu ) [ our old classical music , cl\u00e1irsead\u00f3ireacht ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaqd-ehto7i ) [ traditional singing style , sean n\u00f3s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsvau1so0uk ) [ war marches ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9h2qmx2zp4e ) [ slow airs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhonjcysjvq ), 
  anything by [ flann o'brien ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brian_o%27nolan ) . 
  everyone knows joyce , swift and all that crowd but nobody 's heard of flann outside ireland . 
  i do n't think anyone captures the irish spirit as well as himself . 
  edit : especially at swim-two-birds , or the poor mouth for a more rural perspective, 
  they probably should get more attention , yeah . 
  i think the deserters were embarassing for the govt at the time so that might explain the reluctance . 
  yeah , that 's actually how i heard this . 
  not my favourite beer though, 
  there are shitloads of ships coming , we ca n't chain up the entire maritime border , it 's impossible . 
  that would mean invading libya 's waters , which is a terrible idea . 
  i 've no problem rescuing people if the alternative is to let them drown . 
  unfortunately we do n't have a choice . 
  they are n't frowned upon though ? 
  this is something i hear a lot from english and especially northern unionist people but any irish people i 've spoken to have been proud of them . 
  that 's actually why i mentioned catalonia , it 's unfair to lump catalan nationalists in one group with nazis . 
  every political conviction comes down to differences . 
  differences are natural and only a problem if you let them . 
  i 'm more afraid of a conformist world than one where differences are celebrated . 
  i 'm more afraid of someone who tries to get rid of differences than someone who appreciates them . 
  ironically many of the worst crimes committed by fascists were done in an attempt to get rid of anything different . 
  all i can say is that i disagree , quite strongly in fact . 
  i get where you 're coming from , i actually sympathise very much with anarchist ideals ( i 'm making assumptions based on your flair ) and i respect your opinion . 
  really interesting . 
  galicia has a special place in irish mythology , as well as being the land where we came from it was sometimes equated with the land of the dead . 
  i 'm glad it 's well known over there . 
  galician music is great , surprising how similar it remains despite being so far away . 
  we often get galician pipers here in the west of ireland , as well as musicians from the other celtic nations . 
  the ethnic cleansing of germans was wrong but that 's irrelevant to what he was talking about . 
  i know , i mean in more broad terms , things like culture being supported power sharing , even feeling a part of the country . 
  these kind of things are always messy . 
  here in ireland most n. irish people are against independence but they would seriously pissed off if the uk took away their right to choose . 
  the lines are really blurry . 
  * shakes fists towards heaven * ... 
  sorry for that . 
  pretty accurate summary of the anti austerity alliance , i 'd say i 'm far from an expert in economics , but is n't anti-cyclical spending/cuts a common anglo-saxon thing ? 
  from my knowledge of northern ireland this govt vs guerilla narrative is often accompanied by general political differences between the populaces as well . 
  kurds might not agree with the pkk 's methods but they might agree with some of their goals . 
  the scottish word `` leann '' is also in irish , but it means ale specifically . 
  the welsh cwrw was too , in the form of old irish curim , which would be rendered c\u00fairimh in modern irish . 
  cognates are fun . 
  glorious, 
  how well known is the story of the milesians in galicia ? 
  it 's pretty important to our mythology . 
  it was run from anjou i fink, 
   why ? 
  because a group of people you have virtually nothing in common with voted the only reasonable option ? 
  the wider community of which i 'm a part took a step in the right direction . 
  i actually believe in more decentralisation so that these communities making decisions are more cohesive , and to ensure that the `` nation '' , is not made up of people i 've nothing in common with . 
   that 's happiness , not pride , at least that 's how i see it . 
  pride is the word used in the english language for that situation . 
  it 's not the same as personal pride , in english there are actually three types of pride ( personal pride , pride `` for '' someone , and pride as a character trait , like arrogance or hubris ) the `` pride '' thing is n't really what i wanted to discuss though , i do n't think it 's relevant as pride is an emotion or a trait , nationalism is a word used to describe political or cultural movements . 
  if you asked me about german or polish nationalists i 'd tell you i hate those movements as they are based on supremacism . 
  if you asked me about scottish or catalan nationalists i would tell you there are good ones and bad ones , and their goals are respectable . 
  if you asked about irish nationalists it could mean either the cultural movement in the 19th century which gave ireland some of its best poets and literature or it could mean a person of catholic background . 
  by that definition there are anarchist nationalists . 
  there are left wing and right wing nationalists , there are imperialist and anti-imperialist nationalists , there are liberal and authoritarian nationalists . 
  the word is used to describe too many different groups . 
  i posted this below but i 'll throw it up again because it 's relevant and it took me ages . 
  i think there are few countries as similar as ireland and scotland . 
  do n't upvote me as i 'm posting it twice on the same thread  this is the only answer for me really . 
  the culture obviously has it 's difference but it 's still recognisably the same . 
  we share three related languages ( gaelic , scots and english ) and similar slang . 
   our music and dance is shared ( with local variations , even down to the different styles . 
  ( classical , folk , dance , works song , etc ) whisk ( e ) y goes without saying . 
  hurling and shinty are closely related . 
  on cultural and social topics both share an idea of left-wing civic nationalism , cultural cringe , our odd relationship with england as you mentioned . 
   the sense of humour is similar , cultural influences are similar . 
  ( norse-gaels , norman , english ) mythology and folklore share the same stories and characters , at least in the highlands . 
  sectarianism is rife ( largely as a result of irish immigrants ) . 
   all of this is without mentioning the things we share with broader anglo-celtic culture . 
  there 's probably some more shite i 'm not mentioning . 
   oh , and we all have a penchant for devon 's finest tonic wine . 
  i have n't really seen that happening but i would n't be surprised if some radical people were doing things like that . 
  `` leftists '' is a useless term though , which is why i put it in quotation marks . 
  plenty of racists do want to kill migrants . 
  plenty of sane people want a discussion . 
  racists like to pass themselves off as the latter , so they can accuse `` leftists '' of silencing them . 
  the eu does n't `` send '' russia food , russian supermarkets/distributors/whatever buy off eu based producers . 
  why would a company deliberately give themself a bad reputation in a country of over a hundred million potential customers, 
  this is the only answer for me really .
