  the culture obviously has it 's difference but it 's still recognisably the same . 
  we share three related languages ( gaelic , scots and english ) and similar slang . 
  our music is shared ( with local variations , even down to the different styles . 
  ( classical , folk , dance , works song , etc ) whisk ( e ) y goes without saying . 
  hurling and shinty are closely related . 
  on cultural and social topics both share an idea of left-wing civic nationalism , cultural cringe , our odd relationship with england as you mentioned . 
  the sense of humour is similar , cultural influences are similar . 
  ( norse-gaels , norman , english ) mythology and folklore share the same stories and characters , at least in the highlands . 
  sectarianism is rife ( largely as a result of irish immigrants ) . 
  all of this is without mentioning the things we share with broader anglo-celtic culture . 
  there 's probably some more shite i 'm not mentioning . 
  oh , and we all have a penchant for devon 's finest tonic wine . 
  we generally do n't consider ourselves an anglo-saxon country , these lists often include us and often do n't, 
  i 'm going to take objection to this , for the craic . 
  i think portuguese is one of the nicest languages in the world ( up there with greek and finnish ) and lusitanian portuguese is just as good as brazilian . 
  lusitanian portuguese is more masculine sounding i think , brazilian more feminine . 
  we should streisand this as much as possible, 
  uniting the celtic countries is always my first move , partly out of romantic notions , mostly because england 's too big to take on alone, 
  we 're 100 % fir bolg m8, 
  that 's not the definition of nationalism . 
  there are many concepts and viewpoints all of which fall under the same word . 
  as for your point , i would have agreed with you until a few months ago , when ireland had it 's gay marriage referendum . 
  i 'm not gay , i 've never cared when any other countries legalised gay marriage , but on the day the votes were counted , i cared . 
  my stomach was in knots , i felt sick all day , all i could think about was how ashamed i would be if a no vote was returned . 
  thankfully a yes vote prevailed , and yes , i will admit i was proud of my country . 
  ( i 'm normally a pretty self-hating citizen ) . 
  not a personal pride as if i had achieved something great , but the same pride you 'd feel for a family member or friend who 'd achieved something , or even been something worthwhile . 
  i think this idea you mentioned is a little bit obtuse to be honest . 
  you 're right . 
  i think they 're more or less two words for the same thing . 
  i think civic nationalism is good , and i think nationalism in the past has helped preserve many marginalised cultures . 
  nation states are n't always a bad thing and multi-ethnic states or empires have n't always been a good thing . 
  ethnic chauvinism is the problem and it 's unfortunate that it has been linked with right wing nationalists . 
  bear in mind my opinions are coloured by my nationality so i may be biased . 
  the balkans are definitely not a poster child for nationalism , though yugoslavia was hardly perfect either . 
  i do think slovenian or croatian nationalists were justified in wanting independence , but the ethnic conflicts that followed definitely had roots in nationalism also, 
  i understand the idea , but i do n't think it works that way in practice . 
  in places like scandinavia there is both generous benefits and a low unemployment rate . 
  i think it would depend on how it was implemented . 
  that was n't the title though , whoever posted this picked out . 
  maybe the comparison was n't his intent , but i still think it was tactless . 
  there are several forms of nationalism , not all of them are bad . 
  he tried to stage a coup , he obviously was n't a trustworthy candidate . 
  i do n't believe in banning parties but hitler should not have been allowed to run . 
  russian media is nothing to emulate . 
  we all criticise russian media when it makes comparisons between the europe and the nazis , and we should rightly criticise western media when it does the same . 
  this `` big bad steppe khan '' thing is counterproductive , it 's just trying to stir up historical bad feelings . 
  the - ster 's are viking ridden dystopias , connacht is the true light of western civilisation, 
  the comparison to a khanate is really fishy . 
  i kind of doubt the authors motives . 
  your username gives you up , you ca n't hide , genghis, 
  the comparison to a khanate is a little tactless though . 
  the eastern step nomads comparison is not that subtle . 
  there 's nothing more satisfying than seeing connacht in big letters across western europe . 
  that definitely sounds like a flaw , especially if the goal is to be cheaper . 
  i still think the experiment is worth doing though . 
  it already happens in the form of unemployment benefits , etc. 
  this is proposed to be cheaper and more efficient . 
  unfortunately not that i 've seen, 
  what did you study , out of interest ? 
  scottish or celtic studies ? 
  i know we can do modules in welsh and scottish here . 
  holy fuck , that 's some freemason conspiracy-level noncery, 
  add `` really attractive '' and `` totally relevant '' to your list . 
  `` great weather '' too . 
  his comment seemed more about the unfair media portrayal of iran than america . 
  he could have said the same about the uk . 
  i do n't know , i 'll happily admit we 're pretty ugly . 
  a rare few stunners though . 
  i think genetically they were more or less the same people , but celtic is purely a cultural term . 
  your comment just reminded me of a really nice song , if you like us folk/americana https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptmr_jrwg_y, 
  celtic master race !, 
  ( i 'm aware these are all pre-celtic ), 
   but you ca n't ( realistically ) start your own government . 
  if i had a pistol , i could start a revolution just like che . 
  imagine me , hucking down low in the sugarcane , and watching havana burning . 
  that 's debatable, 
  most people are very against hate speech laws in the uk , david cameron 's recent measures and especially the recent spanish laws ( ignoring the obviously dubious situations in russia , turkey ukraine , belarus ) other issues are more contentious , e.g. 
  holocaust denial laws . 
  here in ireland most would be against them but i understand in france they 're relatively popular . 
  i do n't like u/rimmed 's comment but it definitely works both ways . 
  yurt, 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  m\u00e9 is irish for i , all else is grammar, 
  turkey shares most of it 's culture with the balkans . 
  it 's not unfair to include them . 
  they 're also an eu candidate country . 
  yeah , shame actually . 
  my friend plays in a ska band , and skinheads are some of the nicest people you 'll ever meet . 
  no you 've been running around posting nonsense , saying `` gotcha '' to every poster as if people were advocating nazism and islamism . 
  i , and most posters in this thread believe that by law , everyone has the right to an opinion and in reality everyone does have an opinion , not that all opinions are equally good ideas . 
  nobody thinks they are equally good . 
  literally no-one . 
  you ca n't compare a liberal secular democracy with a wealthy , satisfied and educated populace to a military dictatorship rife with religious fundamentalism , illiteracy , poverty and discontent . 
  every post i 've ever seen you make has been attacking a strawman . 
  nobody thinks egypt is better off than germany . 
  one positive effect of the referendum here is that i 've started seeing many more gay couples showing affection . 
  it 's heartening . 
  the ira killed mostly soldiers and policemen , but they definitely were n't afraid to murder civilians too , they were never as powerful as the pkk but their targets were more or less the same . 
  overall , a nasty bunch , but in the end the only way to sort things out was to talk and now they are in government in northern ireland , along with unionist extremists .
