  turkey 's kind of at a crossroads from what i can see . 
  treatment of kurds and alevis is much better than even 20 years ago , for better or for worse the military has less influence on government and society in western turkey has liberalised greatly and is more or less equal to the rest of the balkans . 
  on the other hand , erdogan has become putinesque , islamism is growing popular and is used by erdogan as a populist tool . 
  if this is true it 's a big step forward , i heard \u00d3 r\u00edord\u00e1in talking about this but i did n't think anything would come of it . 
  good news anyway . 
  i 'm hopeful . 
  i 've done it before when i was little . 
  it 's a pain in the arse . 
  it 's nicer and more traditional but pumpkins are much easier . 
  he 's on about midges . 
  they 're fucking cunts , if anyones wondering , that 's all needs to be said . 
  the family who live there are lovely, 
  he targeted swedes for personal reasons , it was a hate crime not terrorism . 
  any excuse to wear fancy armour is a good one . 
  more swords in schools i say !, 
   just trying to draw a parallel to what europeans say about gun violence in the us . 
  obviously . 
  you were n't very subtle . 
  they thought foreigners could n't pronounce loingeas , so they spelt it that way . 
  little did they know it made them look like complete retards . 
  isis and the tuaregs are n't really contenders for government . 
  there are ( slow ) peace talks underway between the tripoli and tobruk governments , that is far more than anyone can say about syria . 
  it 's obviously not a good situation but compared to syria it 's peaceful . 
   libya is as much of a shithole as syria right now - maybe even more so this is n't true , they have two fuctioning governments who happen to be opposes to each other . 
  there were more deaths in donbass than libya last year . 
  libya is much much better off than syria , syria is a hot war zone , libya is an uneasy armistice . 
  libya and iraq are currently in a much better position than syria and there is already chaos . 
  assad is a liability to syria , even if we leave behind moral objections to assad , he 's an incompetent and inept ruler who has exactly 0 chance of fixing this mess . 
  weed and mdma are n't the same thing . 
  weed can be mentally addictive but it does n't cause physical dependence . 
  mdma causes neither ( i 'm sure there are some freak cases though ) . 
  i know tonnes of people who smoke weed , some of them are addicted ( though the vast majority have already quit or grown out of it ) i also know tonnes of people who take ecstasy and not one has even shown the slightest hint of dependence . 
  i have never met , seen nor heard of an mdma addict , as far as i 'm concerned they are non-existent . 
  i also do n't know any stoners who would deny that weed is addictive ( though i see bullshit online ) i know this is anecdotal but it is you who said `` you can see what happens '' . 
  ask anyone who 's ever come into contact with ecstasy and they 'll tell you the same . 
  it 's about as addictive as eating crisps . 
  it 's not like weed at all . 
  neither is drug abuse actually . 
  drunk monkeys are pretty funny to watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50tlf3kgbt4, 
  i got that and i agree with your post , i just thought it was worth mentioning in case anyone got confused . 
  you 're correct , but i feel people might be misled when you compare mdma and heroin , heroin as a substance can create physical dependence where as mdma does not . 
  i 'm sure it 's technically possible to get addicted to ecstasy but it 's extremely rare , and is more of an obsessive compulsion than a physical addiction . 
  i 'd say it 's comparable to sex addiction or internet addiction . 
  as long as we are not imprisoning , killing or otherwise silencing them , then we are tolerating them , at least according to my understanding of the term . 
  essentially i think we agree with eachother , in that these viewoints should be opposed and countered . 
  in that sense i agree with you , i just think we 're arguing semantics . 
  as i understand it , as long as we 're not killing or imprisoning extremists then we are tolerating them . 
  at least that 's the way i 've seen the word being used ( i 'm a native speaker but i do n't think that automatically makes me correct ) , it 's a politically loaded term so i 've no doubt people have their own interpretations . 
  with regards to your hypothetical , again my understanding of the word would n't fit that definition , being tolerant of something does n't mean you ca n't oppose it . 
  that 's a brilliant essay , he said what i was trying to say much more eloquently than i did . 
  the same way you tolerate any disgusting idea . 
  you shake your head in disappointment at how fucked up the world is and try to change peoples minds . 
  there is no use in suppressing any ideas forcefully , no matter how horrible those ideas are . 
  imagine if we started murdering or imprisoning every salafist ? 
  or every nazi ? 
  every communist ? 
  there are countries that do that , and they are much worse off . 
  again , tolerating does n't mean agreeing or accepting . 
  it just means you wo n't forcefully get rid of something, 
   i find i can not possibly tolerate that idea and i never will . 
  that 's kind of the issue though . 
  there are people in the west who hold the same opinion and , the fact remains that you have to tolerate them if you value tolerance itself . 
  obviously if they act on their murderous intentions they should be punished according to the law but once you start to decide what opinions are intolerable , then you 've already started making the same mistakes . 
  you should not like it , but you should tolerate it . 
   it is not that i do n't accept or appreciate plurality of opinions because i do . 
  i was n't trying to imply that you did n't apologies if it came off like that . 
  my rant was n't directed at you . 
  otherwise i agree with you but i think that particular line is often used by people with less respectable viewpoints . 
  although i do n't think even among the most hard-line left there has been much support for violence , and i do n't see the laws changing in the mean time . 
  i think the fact that muslims are intolerant is well known . 
  it 's not a unique thing , `` a heretic is worse than a heathen '' same reason sunnis and shias hate each other more than christians , same reason hutus and tutsis hate each other more than they hate the japanese , same reason the nazis hated german jews more than foreigners . 
  politics has become just as tribal as the above examples , and the left has set itself up opposite `` oppression '' ( a noble goal in itself i think ) they claim muslims as a political talking point but they do n't actually give a fuck about what muslims think . 
  it 's just another front where the left/right battle can be fought . 
  right wingers are just as guilty of this , for example they claim gay rights and feminism as political points to oppose muslims , despite often opposing gay rights on the `` home front '' it 's a kind of uncanny valley , i 'm a left-winger and i remember getting very frustrated at conservative irish people during the marriage referendum , meanwhile in uganda , iran and saudi arabia gay people are being executed and all i can manage is a `` wow that 's fucked '' on reddit . 
  in reality i obviously have much more in common with a conservative irishman than a ugandan , i just get more pissed off at the former because they are a group i have been in conflict with . 
  likewise left and right wing europeans have more in common with each other than immigrants , and religious conservative muslims and christians have more in common with each other than liberals . 
  this kind of tribal thinking leads to hypocrisy . 
   the problem with the tolerant is that they tolerate the intolerant . 
  when the intolerant reach sufficient numbers , by their nature , they no longer tolerate the tolerant . 
   the one thing we should never tolerate is the intolerant . 
  this is an argument i hear often , interestingly it used to be a left wing argument , about how right wing extremists should n't be tolerated , now it 's turned into a right wing one about how muslim extremists should n't be tolerated . 
  i personally disagree , i think many people use this argument to say `` i should n't have to tolerate things i do n't like '' but that 's what `` tolerance '' means , you do n't have to `` tolerate '' things you agree with , or have no problem with . 
  these segments of the left wing ( who very often are the ones to talk about tolerance ) are n't being `` tolerant '' when they do n't call out muslims on their bullshit , because to their minds islam is n't the problem , societal oppression is . 
  likewise , right-wingers are n't defending tolerance when they try to silence islamic or foreign influences , quite the opposite . 
  left-wingers have forgotten what tolerance means and right wingers have begun to mock it ( while calling out muslims on their lack of it ) . 
  everyone 's become a hypocrite . 
  people in the west claim tolerance as a core virtue of our society but nobody is willing to be tolerant anymore , because being tolerant is hard . 
  if a gay person does n't like what conservatives have to say , that 's fine . 
  they do n't have to like it , but they have to tolerate it . 
  likewise a muslim has to tolerate mockery of islam , liberalism or racism from far right groups . 
  far right groups have to tolerate liberalism `` degeneracy '' and different cultures . 
  left wingers have to tolerate racism , sexism and classism . 
  this does n't mean they have to like any of these things , then again if they did they would n't be `` tolerating '' them . 
  people can and do have different opinions . 
  some of those opinions will be intolerant . 
  people have to learn to get over it . 
  that 's what free speech is about . 
  i 'm a left-winger and i get just as angry as anyone when i see opinions i find offensive , but i tolerate them because that 's what living in a free society means . 
  i did n't expect this post to be this long tl ; dr : if you do n't like someone 's opinion tough shit . 
  i live in the back-arse of nowhere and divorce is n't taboo at all .
