  i do n't know why this one issue is so divisive . 
   `` occupied . '', 
  i 'm nearly certain that 's a joke . 
  there 's a pretty big disconnect between * \u03b1\u1f31 \u03a0\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03b1\u03af \u03bd\u1fc6\u03c3\u03bf\u03b9 * and the british isles , not to mention the fact that * \u03a0\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03b1\u03af * referred to a culture that is usually called brythonic in modern english , where as * british * is almost exclusively used in reference to great britain or the uk . 
  there 's also the fact that john dee coined the modern term . 
   the british government did n't name it . 
  john dee did . 
   the name predates britain as a unified entity by well over 1000 years . 
  a greek explorer named the islands after brythonic-speaking peoples . 
  then the romans gave britain it 's current name . 
  then john dee coined the term `` british isles '' . 
   do n't bother trying to tell me what to call it in english . 
  call it what you want , do n't tell us we 're wrong when we call it what we want . 
   the british isles is the correct geographic term . 
  in britain maybe , but that term is not correct in ireland . 
  it 's a cultural difference . 
  there 's no such consensus . 
   most muslims do support the same ideology as them . 
  wahabbism and salafism are tiny minorities compared to the 4 main madhabs . 
  isis have been doing the same in syria and iraq . 
   the naive compassion leftist liberals are inclined to have is shocking . 
    all the stereotypes that exist about the archetypical persons interested in stealing a cell phone , are proven to be true in this video not really mutually exclusive at all . 
  his compassion is hardly naive . 
   camel/marlboro or tobacco el pueblo dipending on wether you 're right or left leaning . 
  that 's interesting, 
   simply capture , put them all in handcuffs , and ship the off to a remote african refugee camp . 
  there are no such refugee camps in africa and it would take years to establish one . 
  besides , this is pointless and solves none of the problems we have . 
  we can already send them to turkey if we need to , the problem is that greece is unable to process them or to carry out deportations . 
  this situation is n't good for anyone , not the refugees , not the greeks , not anyone . 
  of all the `` solutions '' i 've seen , this is the most bizarre . 
   the turks could easily close the passage if they simply deployed some men with guns on the coast . 
  turkey already has men with guns on the coast , as well as coast guard patrolling the strait . 
   but they have no interest in doing that , so they pretend they 're fighting the stream of immigrants . 
  they were fighting it until recently . 
  rather effectively , but even then , there will always be some who slip through . 
  that 's brilliant, 
  irish saints established a host of monasteries all over the frankish empire and it 's descendants . 
  my flair is the flag of the western province of connacht , and it 's thought to derive from the arms of one of these * schottenkloester * in regensburg bavaria , though this one was founded a bit later in the 11th century . 
  people think it 's easier than it is . 
  even the turks ca n't close the passage completely and they 're willing to be much more brutal than europe would find acceptable . 
   because we would balkanize into ever tinier slices . 
  i think people overstate the possibility of this actually happening . 
  if anything the trend has been towards closer unification . 
  just because we allow separation does n't mean everyone would be clamouring for it . 
  who 's talking about killing each other ? 
  any such decision should be democratic , and the blame for any conflict should lie with people who would block or ignore democratic mechanisms . 
   then shut down the borders completely , with zero options for anyone to get in . 
  that 's not feasible for greece , unless you want to start killing everyone who attempts to cross the border . 
   staying immigrant-free should be the default option greece did n't have that option . 
   just because she did n't say the exact words it 's not whether she said the exact words . 
  she did n't say anything to that effect . 
  `` wir schaffen das '' is the closest thing i suppose . 
  it 's a straight up lie saying that she invited refugees . 
  what she said is that germany would take refugees from balkan countries , which is a thoroughly reasonable decision and exactly what one would expect from a european leader that claims to value solidarity . 
  the fact of the matter is , greece was unable to deal with refugees , and the balkan countries were not stopping them . 
  the refugees were already on their way to germany . 
  merkel had a choice : either take responsibility for them or offload them on her neighbours . 
   why have the bulk of the illegal immigrants gone to germany ? 
  because they want to go to germany and nobody else will take them . 
   what has she done about it ? 
  various things , including the turkey deal which just fell apart . 
   well , the syrians only make up roughly 1/4 of the refugees . 
  in greece the number is closer to 50 % , with the majority of non-syrians being from iraq and afghanistan which are also war-torn . 
   would 've been cheaper to build a safezone in syria that 's always been impossible . 
  any talks of a `` safe zone '' was incompetent posturing , usually as a cover for erdogan 's ambitions in northern syria . 
   or make a deal with bordering countries to keep them there and cover the costs . 
  that 's pretty much what she did , but erdogan is not a reliable partner . 
   she invited everybody to come , refugees , migrants , terrorists , anybody . 
  no she did n't . 
   she has n't taken responsibility and will never solve the problem . 
  she 's the only leader in europe to take responsibility , even though it was greece 's problem to begin with . 
   so every-time there is regional discontent they ought to be able to split from the mother nation ? 
  why not ? 
   why not just abolish the whole concept of the nation state then ? 
  an independent catalonia would ironically be more of a nation-state than spain is . 
  the period is considered to be somewhat of a golden age in ireland , and is romanticised quite a bit more than it deserved . 
  it was the period after christianisation and before the worst of the vikings and normans arrived . 
  it was relatively peaceful , literacy and learning were widespread and irish monks were valued clerics and teachers in courts across europe . 
  this earned us the nickname `` island of saints and scholars '' . 
  most of our mythology and classical culture dates from somewhere in and around this time , though the stories themselves are usually set earlier . 
  the romanticists of the 19th/20th century often harked back to this time . 
  as for tales and stories there are to many to mention really , saints and heroes abound . 
   as i said in the past the war in syria is preatty simple to explain . 
  it 's anything but . 
  that could be it . 
  they also do n't have access to the same networks as regular citizens could , so starting their own business is more attractive . 
  well-digging was rampant throughout the countryside too, 
   yep , the eu and specifically angela merkel are to blame here . 
  she could save many more people by taking in zero that come to europe illegally and taking an australian approach . 
  and let greece deal with them all alone ? 
   i just explained you how it affects my freedom . 
  you did n't really . 
   it is a clear sign of bad intention . 
  maybe . 
   nobody walks in a motorcycle helmet nor in a gothic helmet around the street . 
  you are just splitting the hair on that one . 
  that 's just as alarming as any other face cover used without a reason . 
  biker equips helmet before sitting on his bike and takes it off right after . 
  if you will walk into a bank with helmet on you will instantly get taken down .
