  yep , and the offices in belfast ran out of forms iirc, 
  as long as we can put it in our gdp figures, 
  it 's a natural formation . 
  well unless you count the fionn maccumhaill theory, 
  that 's a huge over-reaction . 
  countries always compete economically and besides it 's other european countries we 're competing with this time , not britain . 
  it 's not like the irish government is sabotaging you by building a port . 
  the business is leaving britain anyway , better it comes here than elsewhere . 
  our economy is going to be fucked by brexit so we need to make back our losses somewhere . 
  i do n't know why you think it 's personal . 
  ( actually i think i do know why . 
  the atmosphere in this sub has been toxic , and i apologise for that but you 're overreacting ), 
  well there was a period of about 200 years where we could only eat potatoes so our cuisine is n't as fancy as it could be . 
  lamb is amazing though . 
  sarmale is delicious , some of the nicest food i ever had was in romania . 
  my polish housemates made it before . 
  it 's great . 
  in another timeline istanbul would be a good suggestion but not in erdogan 's turkey . 
  also these suggestions should really come from a neutral + relevant party if they 're to be taken seriously . 
   yes , we will . 
  there is literally no chance of that happening . 
  none of our political parties want it and ireland is not a eurosceptic country by any margin . 
   lots of people believe it . 
  even the most eurosceptic people recognise the benefits of the eu . 
  you have to be delusional to think we gain nothing . 
  the most obvious in this case is the fact that our low tax rate would be completely useless f it did n't also allow access to the eu market . 
   you know reddit is super out of touch with reality ? 
  yes , that 's why the refugee crisis is a much bigger issue on reddit than in the real world . 
  and presumable why you think `` the eu is trying to make us take refugees when we ca n't handle it '' is a fair characterisation of the situation . 
  any refugees ireland has taken has been voluntary , and saying we ca n't handle such a tiny amount is laughable . 
  the refugee crisis is a serious problem for europe as a whole , but in ireland it 's a complete non-issue . 
  there are many reasons ireland has been annoyed with the eu and the refugee crisis is not one of them . 
  it literally only matters to people on the internet , activists , or ideologues on the far left and right of the political spectrum . 
  your average person does n't give a shite , and it 's definitely not something we would ever consider leaving the eu over . 
   if the eu tries to force us into one tax code ireland will leave . 
  no we wo n't  the rest of us know we would gain nothing by staying except losing more autonomy . 
  nobody but you believes that  we 're already pissed off by them trying to make us take refugees when we ca n't handle it . 
  no we 're not, 
  there 's definitely a lot of casual racism but we have n't seen the rise of a general racist mindset or ideology the way it has elsewhere . 
  i mean people definitely hold racist views and buy into stereotypes but it is n't an ideology that takes over their whole worldview . 
  like i can imagine many people slagging the nigerians , giving out about the chinese not paying taxes or calling the lads in the kebab shop `` bin laden 's crowd '' ( actual quote from an old woman ) but i could never imagine any of them popping down and joining their local chapter of nazis ` r'us . 
  i think your dad is a perfect example of this , he held racist views and stereotypes but when it came down to it it did n't matter that much to him , it was just a preconception . 
  to people like golden dawn xenophobia is n't something they can just shrug off , it 's an integral part of their worldview . 
  i can only speculate why ireland has avoided this kind of ideology . 
  i suppose it 's a mixture of factors . 
  a big part of our historical narrative is that we were the victims of oppression , as well as a large emigrant nation so it requires an extra dose of cognitive dissonance to hate foreigners . 
  there 's the fact that immigrants to ireland have n't caused any significant problems , nor do they exist in big enough numbers that they 've upset the social balance . 
  there 's a big `` live and let live '' attitude in ireland in general and there 's a general apathy or even contempt towards politics . 
  anyone who takes anything too seriously will be slagged , and being relaxed is not a quality racists are known for . 
  this is n't always a good thing , and i often think the mockery of political activism goes too far , but in this case i think it 's good . 
  i ca n't see anyone actually being bothered to organise a fascist group , and if there were such a group i ca n't imagine anyone taking them seriously . 
  the travellers are definitely a part of it . 
  they 're the go-to scapegoat for any criminal activity so that takes away a lot of the right-wing narrative about immigration . 
  finally i think the peculiar character of irish nationalism is a big factor ( as well as populism ) . 
  unlike most countries nationalism in ireland is a left wing affair . 
  the disaffected youth that might ordinarily be giving out about immigrants or degeneracy or whatever are instead focused on bankers , water charges and bobby sands . 
  irish nationalism is anti-imperialist by nature . 
  i 'm wary of the shinners on a good day but to give credit where it 's due , they offered an alternative to disenfranchised people . 
  that definitely does n't happen in ireland ... 
  it honestly sounds too bizarre to be true . 
  there 's no way irish youths would organise to do something like that , and there 's definitely no way that the spanish would be the targets . 
  people make jokes about spanish kids who travel around with matching bags being loud , but it 's never malicious . 
   but since it was a protestant church i think my jesus was ok with it . 
  doing god 's work son, 
  ah yeah but they 're just your general scrotes , not fascists . 
  you can walk around dublin getting abused by younglads on the piss , but you wo n't find organised racist or hooligan groups . 
  meanwhile poland for example is one of the safest countries in europe with next to no chance of harassment , but they still have a huge problem with hooligans and neo-nazis . 
   racist incidents in east germany , racism in poland , hells angels in the nordic countries , russian football hooligans , football hooliganism and now racism in the uk , they all have a brutish quality that seems typical of the north . 
  by far the most aggressive brutishness i 've seen in my time comes from chrisi avgi in greece . 
  here in ireland there are basically no racist groups . 
  i do n't think it 's a north vs south thing , i think there 's something else at play , but i have noticed a similar trend . 
  dunepuropeturovusuku, 
   there is orange around connemara there 's a tiny bit around carna , but most of conamara , all of joyce country and all of cois farraige are blue . 
   the area of mayo that 's shaded is a large gaeltacht . 
  mullet and achill are shaded but the mainland of erris is blue . 
  they 've also shaded spanish point for some reason , and the beare peninsula . 
   it would be a striking coincidence . 
  i think it 's just a matter of the west coast being too jagged and messy for whatever tool they were using, 
  they are n't . 
  there is no gaeltacht in clare . 
  conamara is shaded blue , the area in mayo that looks like it 's a different colour could technically be considered gaeltacht but the heart of the mayo gaeltacht is in erris which is blue . 
  donegal is completely blue , the dingle peninsula is blue , and beara is a different colour despite being anglophone . 
  this does n't correspond to the gaeltachta at all . 
  in scotland the isle of lewis is the biggest gaidhlig speaking area , yet it 's shaded completely blue . 
  i 'm fairly certain this is just an issue of the fill tool not working , whoever made this map could n't be arse correcting the minor details, 
  i think that 's just a shading issue , those are n't the gaeltacht borders and the map does n't subdivide countries elsewhere, 
  in this instance it goes deeper than a single family , and the hatred is deeper than a simple opposition to gay marriage . 
  her family is from alabama , so not really representative of the average american , but still my point stands that there are places in america that have a long way to come . 
  in ireland we have [ freemen on the land ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freemen_on_the_land ) . 
  they have n't shot anyone yet , 90 % of their activities consist of shouting `` am i being detained '', 
  i mean there are american organisations pouring money into anti-lgbt activities within nw europe . 
  here in ireland we had american groups funding the anti-gay marriage side of the referendum debate . 
  of course these are n't home-grown groups so you still have a point , just clearing up what i meant . 
  improved but still not perfect . 
  there are parts of america that are awful for gay people . 
  my lesbian cousin 's fianc\u00e9e 's family wo n't speak to her because they think that gay people caused katrina . 
  however at the same time there are places in america where being gay is completely and totally accepted or even celebrated . 
  i think a better comparison would be the american evangelicals that pour money into anti-lgbt activities . 
  there are tonnes of them . 
  sorry i fucked up the formatting .
