   the right under what law ? 
  because the spanish law says otherwise . 
  the moral right . 
  though the principle of self-determination is recognised by the un and covers similar territory , there is unfortunately no legislation to protect that principle . 
   only people living in catalunia can decide ? 
  if it were up to me both people living there and people who were born there but left would have a voice , but that 's just my opinion and it might not be shared by a majority of catalans . 
   so you agree catalu\u00f1a is part of spain , and that if they got independence they would be taking that part of spain and turn it into a separate country . . 
  yes , as is their right . 
   and you think the spanish people should n't have a say into giving away their land ? 
  depends . 
  are they from catalunya ? 
  leaving spain of course . 
  spain . 
  the referendum is about leaving . 
   no , that was all stuff in the pipeline which would have needed to be negotiated . 
  negotiations in which britain could veto any such proposals  we do n't need a veto if we 're no longer affected . 
  you will always be affected by what happens in europe , even if it 's indirectly . 
  it already happened on r/ireland to a certain extent, 
  it was free from that anyway . 
  they have a veto on all of that shit . 
  now they do n't . 
   democratic will of some people . 
  the only people who matter . 
  we do n't, 
  i do n't think we have enough stadia . 
  there was talk about a joint bid with scotland , which would be class , but i 'm not sure how realistic it would be . 
  the name is n't used in ireland and this confusion has led to many ridiculous reddit arguments . 
  great craic . 
  your visa 's been denied on account of being shite craic, 
  edit : sorry for the wall of text  most irish people speak hiberno-english , which is a germanic language most do , some like myself speak a celtic language . 
  am i a different ethnicity to my english speaking neighbours ? 
  i would say not , since traditionally in ireland language has not been the ultimate marker for ethnicity . 
  would you also say that the maltese , jamaicans or native americans are germanic ? 
  well , you could , but only if you use anglophone as a synonym for anglo-saxon , which is not how it 's usually used . 
   and their culture has been influenced by anglo-saxons for a long time . 
  influenced , of course . 
  as greece has been influenced by turkey , finland by sweden and estonia by russia . 
  this kind of influence is natural and has brought irish and english culture close together . 
  in fact , of the 4 ethnicities native to ireland , 2 are distinctly anglo-saxon ( anglo-irish and ulster scots ) still , what aspects of our culture would you suppose are quintessentially germanic ? 
  our catholic religion is semitic and latin with a celtic substrate , more similar to spain than to england or sweden , before that it was insular christianity which is native to ireland and even before that was celtic polytheism . 
  our mythology is distinctly celtic , with noticeable judeo-christian influences , as is our folklore . 
  our music tradition dates back to before the english occupation , and though there is a huge shared repertoire all over britain and ireland the tradition is strongest and most distinctive in the celtic fringe , so i do n't think it 's fair to say that is a germanic import , especially since the tradition in scandinavia and germany is so different . 
  the two biggest sports are gaelic football and hurling , both being native to the country . 
  the cuisine was shook up immensely by the columbian exchange and the famine . 
  it shares many dishes with england and other germanic countries , though so does estonia and the rest of northern europe . 
  potatoes really revolutionised cooking in all of europe so i do n't think there 's anyone with a distinctly germanic cuisine any more . 
  our literary tradition is definitely a hybrid one , with the anglo-irish having a huge presence especially more recently . 
  that said the native presence is equally important and influential . 
  as for politics , well , ireland is pretty unique in that regard . 
  the irish political system and the british are worlds apart , and if the irish value system can be compared to any country it would probably be either scotland or france with republicanism and egalitarianism being emphasised . 
  law is the only area i can think of that is completely imported from england , though common law is unique to england so `` germanic '' is n't the best word for it . 
  the indigenous `` brehon law '' is almost entirely extinct though it survived fairly late in certain matters of rural bartering . 
  tl ; dr : are we influence by anglos ? 
  certainly and to a large extent . 
  are we anglos ? 
  i 'd say not , and i doubt there are many irish people who would disagree with me . 
  there is no way brian hayes is speaking for fg or enda kenny . 
  he 's having a laugh . 
  careful now, 
  i think that 's excluding ni , but i 'll have to double check . 
  you only require one irish grandparent iirc so that automatically makes a huge number of english people ( and americans and australians ) eligible . 
  but what will you brefer to the brising number of brexpats as without a breasily bremembered monuker ? 
   can i come and live with you guys ? 
  quite possibly , something like 10 % of british people are entitled to irish citizenship . 
  the offices in dublin are backed up with `` brefugees '' , so get them while they 're hot . 
  he 's a smug liberal , sure , but `` far left '' he is not . 
  newspapers are hilariously misinformed about europe , and they know that stories complaining about brussels will sell well . 
  yes but it 's unclear if the uk will . 
  there have already been talks of establishing border controls in the north . 
  either they 'd have to put controls between the north and the republic , and piss off the entire nationalist community of ni and the government of the republic , or they 'd have to put controls between the north and the mainland which would piss off the entire unionist community . 
  i 'd imagine in the end they will consent to keep the current arrangement but then that would leave their only land border wide open , which is partly the reason for brexit in the first place . 
  i do n't know , this feels way more momentous . 
  that could be my bias as an irish person , the uk is a huge presence in our history and seeing it being potentially disbanded seems ... huge . 
  do n't know how else to put it . 
  i never thought as an irishman i would be in a position to take pity on or feel worried about our larger neighbour . 
  how the mighty have fallen . 
  it 's ae in irish and scottish gaelic , in case anyone 's wondering . 
  uo in manx , but they spell everything weird . 
  scotland is traditionally divided into the highlands , which spoke scottish gaelic , ( a celtic language ) the lowlands , which spoke scots ( a germanic language ) and a handful of islands speaking nordic dialects . 
  if you go back far enough there 's also the picts , who were most likely celtic ( the linguistic evidence is scarce ) but from a different branch of celtic languages than the gaels ( ireland , scotland , mann ) and the britons ( wales , cornwall , brittany ), 
   ireland does n't want them right now the republic is guaranteed to welcome the north if the north votes to unify . 
  this map is obviously a piss take but that 's actually the most realistic of the changes on this map . 
   it validates the exact arguments the uk leave campaigns have had . 
  that 's one way to look at it . 
  you could also argue that it refutes the idea that the eu does n't listen to it 's people ( ttip is really unpopular ) , as well as the idea that national governments have no power to stop the decisions made in brussels . 
  also the british were mostly complaining about european regulations being too tight , where as the complaints here are more about american regulations being too lenient . 
  in fairness the people who give enough of a shit to protest probably voted . 
  the youth vote was still appallingly low however . 
  trump is a cunt , but he 's not a career politician . 
  not yet anyway . 
   maybe its because they have seen there jobs disappear just as much as northern england the problem of joblessness in wales goes back to thatcher . 
  eu funding helped alleviate the problem , but now that 's gone and anyone who thinks a tory government are going to make up for it are having a laugh . 
  the phrase `` turkeys voting for christmas '' comes to mind . 
   we in england can not play the ` lets blame everything on westminster/london card ' like the scot nats do . 
  no , you blame everything on brussels instead . 
   the whole leave protest vote was based on mass migrancy , if the fucking - and i mean fucking because they acted extremely arrogantly towards the democratically elected leader of the 5th largest economy - eu actually bothered to listen to british complaints we 'd never end up in this situation . 
  wales is one of the areas least affected by migration though . 
  more affected places like london were pro-remain ( largely because of the immigrant vote of course ) . 
  also , usually when people complain about immigrants they 're usually complaining about non-eu immigrants who make up more than half of all immigrants to the uk . 
  there are a tonne of people blaming the eu for pakistani , indian and african migrants , which is absolutely nonsensical .
