  this may be true but it does n't affect your freedom . 
  the venetian winged lion is st. mark the evangelist so the symbolism comes from a different source . 
   just dont touch them ? 
  if you do n't touch them they will land on chios or lesvos and be left to roam instead of getting registered and entered into the system . 
  frontex is n't perfect but it 's better for everyone involved , including the refugees . 
  in english and ( i think ) latin yes . 
  in irish wales is called `` an bhreatain bheag '' which literally means little britain , i assume that 's what he was referencing . 
  great britain is an bhreatain mh\u00f3r the welsh people and language are called `` breatnaigh '' and `` breatnais '' respectively which basically mean `` britons '' and `` british '' . 
  england is `` sasana '' which comes from `` saxon '' . 
  z was more a reference to breton . 
  they seem pretty fond of it . 
  if you need to tell the difference britannic languages use loads of z , y , w and no vowels . 
  gaelic languages use lots of vowels and no z y or w. except manx . 
  they 're weird . 
  i once met a swedish woman who spoke with a clear west of ireland accent . 
  she could have passed as someone from my village , but she had only spent a grand total of 6 months in ireland . 
  scandis are like fucking sponges for accents i swear . 
  the language in witcher is just a random mix of welsh and irish words . 
  it 's pretty jarring , especially because they pronounce everything * reeeaally * wrong, 
  you 're not comparing like with like . 
  nazis did awful things and they were nationalists . 
  bolsheviks did awful things and they were internationalist . 
  similarly the snp are a respectable nationalist party , while the liberal democrats are equally respectable and globalist . 
   is it still maths if its not contested ? 
  of course . 
  maths is one of the few things commonly considered to be completely objective . 
   sounds more religious than scientific to me . 
  nobody contests that 2 +2 = 4 . 
  would you say that 's a religious belief ? 
  there 's plenty of pleasant nationalism in ireland . 
  just because it 's racist everywhere else does n't mean it has to be . 
   is it fine to make it so that a baby cant even exist based on financial reasons ? 
  there are many other reasons , but financial ones are also valid . 
  ireland is n't super-progressive but we are very liberal . 
  what i mean is that people might disagree with what you do but do n't agree with banning it or whatever . 
  people can be quite `` traditional '' but they want to be that way by choice and do n't want to force others to be that way . 
  in general there 's a feeling of `` my rights end where yours begin '' or whatever . 
  if i were to guess i 'd say this comes from a backlash against the church or going back even further against discrimination of catholics in the north or under british rule in the south . 
  people voted largely in favour of gay marriage as an obvious example , people are broadly in favour of transgender rights in my experience , though that is probably filtered by my social group . 
  decriminalisation of drugs and legalisation of medicinal cannabis are fairly mainstream topics and will come to pass relatively soon if my intuition is correct . 
  far-right parties are essentially non-existent . 
  government surveillance etc. 
  is very unpopular . 
  there are plenty more examples . 
  the reason why abortion is different from these issues is , without denying the obvious catholic cohort , that many people genuinely see fetuses as people , so it 's about a conflict between two individuals and not the personal rights of one person . 
  this is something you 'll find among all social groups , for example the most vocal anti-abortion voices in my circles are super-progressive hippies themselves who have bizarre theories like abortion is a plan by big medicine to make money or some shit . 
  you ca n't generalise it into pro-choice = progressive , pro-life = conservative , at least not in ireland . 
  for the record i 'm in favour of abortion on demand . 
  it 's sad for turkey . 
  erdogan is destroying their country . 
  i know people who have been detained or deported so it 's definitely happening . 
  that percentage has increased slightly , a lot of intellectuals are fleeing turkey now actually . 
  we used to never need turkish translators , now they are needed occasionally . 
   this is why extremist parties are rising in polls . 
  i have n't seen this being a major talking point of any of the populist movements that are rising in the west . 
  in fact one of trump 's major talking points was * cutting * corporation tax , using us of all places as an example of how that could be successful . 
  most do , but that 's not always possible or practical . 
  you are doing it already . 
  some parts are quite safe for most people . 
  many parts are very unsafe for anyone . 
  the asylum process takes this into account and a kurd from erbil is less likely to get asylum than an assyrian from nineveh , for example . 
  afghans are less likely to have papers because it 's basically a failed state and many of them are coming from refugee camps in iran where they have no opportunity to get a passport ( there are a million `` official '' refugees in iran , and many more undocumented . 
  iran is trying to kick many of them out ) . 
  it 's honestly pretty easy to tell who 's hazara though , the bigger issue is telling the difference between arabs ( though even then it has n't been too much of a problem ) . 
   where can the authorities send them back to ? 
  they are sent back to turkey . 
  there is even a `` fast-track '' for people with unfounded claims , though i suppose `` unfounded claims '' is subjective . 
  very often this does n't happen in practice because people will smuggle themselves to athens if they find out they are rejected . 
   remember , most of the people handling these requests are incredibly overworked this is true , and not just the request handlers . 
  things like hospitals are extremely strained too, 
  the turks have been pretty successful in carving out territory in northern syria , the issue is that they are not at all interested in the place being a `` safe zone '' . 
  afrin or manbij are probably safer and that 's staying within aleppo province . 
   what is the verification of nationality ? 
  if you can provide a syrian passport or syrian-palestinian documents then you essentially skip the queue and this is what a majority did . 
  anecdotally speaking i never met a syrian who was unable to prove his nationality . 
  i know a guy who 's passport was stolen but he managed to retrieve it . 
  the onus is on the claimant to prove his origin . 
  proof is not strictly required to make a claim , however it is basically impossible for that claim to be accepted without confirming your origin . 
  unfounded claims or claims from safe countries are also fast-tracked , but with the result nearly always leading to refusal . 
  the algerians in chios when i was there would typically register as an algerian , receive a card that allowed them to stay for four months and not return to renew it as their application would be inevitably be rejected . 
  they 'd then be arrested once they failed to produce an in date card upon police inspection . 
  in the past algerians would just run as soon as they got off the boat but that 's no longer possible as frontex intercepts nearly everything now ( unless the turks get them first ) . 
  locals also run kitchens to feed refugees as well as helping to organise distribution and even things like activities for kids . 
  the greek government ca n't do very much so much of it is left up to locals and volunteers . 
  there are locals who work all year round for no reward to help these people . 
  other people doing it does n't make it ok . 
  most ca n't afford to be smuggled to the mainland , and when maghrebis are discovered they are detained . 
  the appeals process is nothing like you describe it . 
  one algerian i know will be in jail for the next few months waiting for deportation which is n't scheduled for 18 motnhs . 
  he 's in no position to sneak off to the continent . 
  of the group he came with , nearly all of them are either detained or deported . 
  yes . 
  some of them are . 
  not most obviously , but some . 
   where is police when these `` refugees '' roam the streets , break into stores , attack locals and destroy property ? 
  they cant be everywhere at once . 
  besides , the police are more interested in arresting innocents than doing anything hard . 
   why are n't they being deported ? 
  they are . 
   they ca n't even feel safe in their cities anymore .
