   i mean fucking because they acted extremely arrogantly towards the democratically elected leader of the 5th largest economy they called his bluff , not an unreasonable thing to do . 
  i understand the emotions surrounding the thing but do you really think it 's worth shooting yourself in the foot as a protest vote ? 
  literally cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
   eu actually bothered to listen to british complaints we 'd never end up in this situation . 
  the eu accepted some complaints , made some concessions and stood firm on others . 
  there was give and take . 
  the result of the negotiations was perfectly reasonable . 
  the eu had to balance the desires of england with that of the other eu countries . 
  they , for example , butted heads with france over finance and with poland over expat workers . 
  it 's not like brussels was dictating everything from above , there 's negotiations between different countries . 
  britain ca n't just make it 's own rules at the expense of everyone else in the eu . 
  if you do n't want to compromise , fine then , you can leave but do n't act like the eu was the one who 's treating you unfairly . 
  there was irreconcilable differences , that 's all . 
  it 's not about respect or the lack thereof . 
  you 're taking offence based on british exceptionalism . 
  everyone else plays by the rules . 
  now it looks like britain will have to play by the same rules but they wo n't have a say in writing them . 
  it 's a tough one . 
  on paper we 're neutral , but we cooperate a lot with the brits . 
  we 're in a battlegroup with the scandis and baltics , whatever the fuck that means , idk . 
  i 'd say that scotland is the country most irish people feel closest with on an emotional level though obviously the fact that they are n't independent means that cooperation is done mostly through the uk . 
  historically it 'd usually be scottish highlanders , france or spain who fought on `` our side '', 
  merkel should call his bluff and offer to have a joint holocaust-armenian genocide memorial, 
  newfoundland and montserrat both get a pass in my book . 
  yep , unfortunately, 
  the developed world has shown it only cares about human rights until it 's inconvenient . 
  exactly . 
  some of the most prominent fake news creators are just making clickbait . 
  it 's entirely ad-driven . 
   how was opening the borders rational ? 
  if by opening the borders you mean not closing them well it was rational in that germany is the european country best equipped financially , infra-structurally and socially to handle the crisis . 
  if you think what 's happening in germany is a shitshow , imagine the disaster if all of those refugees were left in hungary , where there is essentially no infrastructure or political will to deal with the problem . 
  can you provide a quote where she invites 1 million immigrants ? 
  kurdistan is only a part of northern iraq . 
  mosul for example is in northern iraq and is is ' biggest stronghold . 
  the siege of mosul is likely to be more bloody than anything we 've seen from aleppo , but you 're unlikely to hear anything about it because the iraqi government and the coalition is viewed positively in western media where as russia/assad are viewed negatively . 
   there is really no reason for an iraqi to seek asylum in europe . 
  there are plenty of reasons but obviously it varies from person to person . 
   they hardly travelled to europe at all when the actual wars were on well first of all there is an `` actual war '' on now , second of all they did travel to europe in the past , as well as america . 
   traveled around iraqi kurdistan on business . 
  iraqi kurdistan is a unique case , and they are already flooded with refugees . 
  most camps there are well over capacity , and conditions are bad enough that no european country would consider them fit . 
  the kurds do n't want a large number of arabs in kurdistan as it is an extremely sensitive demographic issue , more so than anything in europe . 
  the population of kurdistan is around 8 million and there is close to 2 million refugees there . 
  it 's not as simple as saying they can all go to kurdistan . 
  not to mention people from around sinjar for whom fleeing to erbil or somewhere was an impossibility . 
  they were literally being genocided ( yazidis made up much of the population ) and they would have to fight through miles of isis territory to reach it . 
   the last woman who did this was raped and killed in turkey . 
  do you mean the last woman who did it as a statement ? 
  or the last woman who travelled unaccompanied through the middle east by walking , cycling , hitch hiking etc ? 
  i know a few women who 've done the latter in turkey , lebanon and even iraq in the past few years . 
  it 's doable if you keep your wits about you . 
  that said this walk is completely retarded , for many different reasons . 
   besides that what are the threats to the gfa the uk government can do something about ? 
  the border , mostly . 
  i think there 'll be some agreement where it remains open but it would be a huge issue if there is n't . 
  that only works if the article is a one off or if it goes against the prevailing narrative . 
  spamming and down-voting can easily hide the debunking . 
   the problem is that you ca n't reliably seperate the victims from the perpetrators germany has been doing a pretty good job of finding and prosecuting war criminals and arms dealers . 
  nobody cares unless they plan to attack europe though . 
   nollaig shona dhuit null-igg hunna ghwitch ( with a phlegmy `` gh '' )  nollaig chridheil null-igg khree-el ( with a phlegmy `` kh '' ), 
  environmental grants are n't a thing ? 
  or profit-driven companies are n't a thing ? 
  or overhyped internet projects ? 
  or , more likely , companies will realise that it is better to design the most hyped and fanciful designs than the most efficient if you want to attract funds . 
  do you really think another arab spring is the solution to the refugee crisis ? 
   ireland wasnt united until the english came along . 
  half true . 
  there was a network of kingdoms but they shared a common legal system , and kings were not above the law . 
  it was nothing like a centralised state of today but those kingdoms were also far from being separate countries . 
  this is why libertarians and anarchists often ( mistakenly imo ) bring up medieval ireland as an example of a country running without a central government . 
   the scottish were forced over but the scots originally came from ulster in the first place . 
  the scots of the plantations were a completely different people to the people if dal riada . 
  the term `` scot '' comes from the latin for `` gael '' but it 's changed semantically over the years . 
  yes but as you can see most of the country speaks english, 
  i 've never had trouble getting on with english people and i 've had plenty of interaction with them . 
  most people i know are the same way . 
  isis are perfectly happy to kill atheists . 
  do n't get your strawman . 
  i could show you videos from this years ' eid in syria but they are not suitable for life . 
  isis does n't give a shit . 
   buckfast isles that 's a name i can get behind, 
  good thing you did n't put northern tayto vs free stayto . 
  there would have been blood . 
   there are people who say that with a straight face . 
  there are a handful but you can probably safely assume op was joking . 
   explain why labeling the six counties as occupied is false . 
  because of the good friday agreement . 
   i do n't use ` british isles ' personally i honestly do n't mind if you do . 
  `` british isles '' is something that exists in the english cultural consciousness but not in the irish . 
  neither are correct or incorrect , it 's just a different way of naming two islands . 
   but tbf it comes from the romans not from us . 
  i disagree with this though . 
  i think it 's pretty clear that the term comes from john dee . 
  the fact that a couple of greek explorers had a similar name is n't something i think had too much bearing on john dee because he was already using the adjective `` british '' for many other things . 
  if you had a different name for the irish sea we would n't complain about it , and we definitely would n't tell you you 're wrong for what is a fairly minor cultural difference . 
  you 're making a fairly tenuous link with words that are cognate but not semantically identical over thousands of years and three different languages . 
  it 's fairly well documented how the term entered the english language through the writings of john dee . 
  it 's also fairly well known that `` british '' in the english language is nearly always in reference to great britain or the uk . 
  we usually get on well .
