  what are you on about ? 
  it 's not about the uk it 's about scotland . 
  i supported an independent scotland in the eu in 2014 and i support an independent scotland in the eu in 2016, 
  i think a schengen exemption is necessary . 
  immigrant fertility rates usually align with the local ones after a single generation , not to mention the fact that the majority of immigrants to france come from countries with birth rates that are more or less in line with the french average . 
  so yeah it definitely is n't black people and muslims, 
   to be fair most people in roi seem to despise the uk and english people in particular as do the french . 
  i 've heard rumours that gr\u00e1inne mhaol is the next leader . 
  kinda cool but hardly the most relevant leader ever to come out of the country . 
  pick whatever issue you like . 
  most parties will support something that is currently illegal . 
  that 's the point in changing laws . 
  i 'm sure the snp support a great many things that are illegal in various countries . 
  i would hope that they would ally with pro-gay marriage groups , for example , even though gay marriage is illegal in many european countries . 
  why would n't they be ? 
  after spending time in the us , trust me it 's better . 
  a wad of equally sized noted that are the same colour is a nightmare . 
  also for blind people it 's really helpful for them to be different sizes . 
   natural state of britishness aye , right . 
  istanbul is in europe , mostly, 
  i do . 
  to each his own i suppose . 
  the martyr we all need, 
  a lot of this is due to house prices and such . 
  it 's a really weird way to measure economic prosperity . 
   japanized . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  aquaculture is a thing you know . 
  it 's completely different from fishing . 
  your comparison is retarded . 
  i was n't comparing it to anything though ? 
  i 'm happy about this . 
  scotland is the country closest to us in culture , in history and in geography and it makes sense for us to cooperate . 
  you probably would though . 
   it is still a representative sample size . 
  not really , as all sections of society do n't turn out equally . 
  the abysmally low numbers of young people show this was the case . 
  not that i 'm complaining about the result , if people do n't vote because it was raining in london or they simply ca n't be arsed then they can lie in the graves they dig for themselves . 
  no sympathy really . 
  we spent most of our cspe classes sleeping or watching films . 
  nobody gave a fuck about that class , and it 's only afterwards i realised that it could be beneficial, 
  the few times i 've seen an eu initiative to educate people it was denounced as propaganda . 
  russia got caught too though in fairness . 
  no but i can blame them for the lengths they are willing to go to to stop it . 
  their position on catalonia is morally untenable . 
  scotland is not a part of a country , it is a constituent country in a political union , same as every country in the eu . 
  fantastic idea . 
  as a native speaker it definitely sounds wrong . 
  maybe there 's some obscure rule regarding it , i do n't know . 
  you could say `` the flag of montenegro '' but i would never say `` the montenegro 's flag '' for example . 
  grammatically it 's just ukraine 's level . 
  the `` the '' is not necessary, 
   i think that i can argue that social media solidarity falls into similar camps as those who tolerate the ideology that enables is . 
  i think that 's a huge leap to make . 
  using your analogy , i do n't think there 's necessarily anything wrong with being kind to an addict even if you 're not willing to go and beat up his dealer . 
   it is in our nature to value the perception of ourselves in the eyes of others above how we view ourselves and that should be taken into account when attempting to navigate this area . 
  you 're right of course , but in practice there 's no way to tell if someone is sincere or not and it 's counterproductive to criticise a polite gesture , even if you 're sceptical of it 's sincerity . 
  it just comes across as petty , even if that 's not your intention ( i 'm not saying you 're petty btw , you 've been reasonable and make good points )  we need to explore whether showing solidarity is the limit of our power to solve this as individuals or not and then either empower ourselves to do more or push back on those organizations who hold the power to make a change . 
  i do n't think solidarity is the limit of our power , on the contrary i think it is the very least we can do . 
  showing courtesy does n't preclude further action . 
  the issue is a very delicate one where action has the very real possibility of being counterproductive . 
  i 'm sceptical of all of these calls to action because without planning and sensitivity to detail direct action can tend to make things worse , especially when such action is emotionally driven . 
  isis is being slowly but surely dismantled in iraq , syria and libya . 
  emotionally lashing out might not be the best idea . 
  it would n't do any good for germany to go guns blazing into syria over this , nor ( in my opinion ) would it be good to give material support to turkey 's dubious government . 
  this is beyond germany 's responsibility , but showing simple respect is expected , at the very least  the fact that these days all ideas must be seen as equally valid to avoid public shaming i do n't think this is a real concern . 
  yeah , it would be best if they had said nothing . 
  `` schadenfreude '' and `` fremdschamen '' have been coming up a lot since the whole debacle started . 
  much , much better yes . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  this shit gets peddles so much but it only requires a basic knowledge of the situation in syria to see through it . 
  turkey has it 's proxies in syria , is is not one of them . 
  there 's not really any `` portrayed intention '' beyond acknowledgement of their troubles . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting all of this talk about tolerance from . 
  nobody is advocating tolerance for is . 
  i think you 're mixing up some issues here . 
   i do not believe they care at all for the victims but rather for the perception of themselves in a public space that is growing ever more tribalistic . 
  fair enough , but that is pure cynicism . 
   remember that when you substitute your identity for an ideology , then any criticism of that ideology can only be seen as a personal attack . 
  what ideology are you referring to ? 
  i think you 're reading too much into this and your perspective is warped by something . 
  all this talk of tolerance of bad actors , ideology etc. 
  are not really relevant to what is a simple courtesy that one would expect all governments to follow . 
   kekeke what about the magic of memes ? 
  now we 're talking . 
  anyways , i think you 're missing the point behind these expressions of solidarity . 
  nobody thinks that it will stop or lessen the threat of terrorism , i doubt is even notices or looks out for these things . 
  as someone said above , the point of sending a get well soon card is n't to heal a broken bone . 
  i agree . 
  we should try bitter cynicism next time , that 's sure to stop the terrorists in their attacks . 
  istanbul is geographically in europe and culturally it is much , much closer to europe than lebanon . 
  i 've been to both . 
  turkey is a european country , at least the west is . 
  lebanon is not . 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for being civil . 
   many decisions do n't require unanimous agreement so our veto was n't as powerful as you think it was true though you mentioned an eu army which requires unanimity and britain was exempted from `` ever closer union '' in the recent negotiations with cameron . 
  as for taxation , indirect taxation requires a unanimous decision also . 
   they ca n't impose rules like income tax levels on us anymore . 
  has this ever happened ?
