  doubtless there are muslim women ( and men ) who have grown out of their faith and who are forced into it by family . 
  i think it would better for people to be focusing on providing support and protection for women who need to leave their families than by harassing random women on the beach . 
  it 's pure populist nonsense and it solves nothing . 
  this burkini ban is the biggest load of shite i 've heard . 
  shit like this is why populism should be avoided like the plague , it calls for action without any plan . 
  they 're going after low-hanging fruit so they can say `` something is being done '' , no matter if it 's counterproductive . 
  but sure , waste police time harrassing women at the beach . 
  it 's not like they have anything better to be doing . 
  in general we do n't mind being called anglophones , but we hate being called anglo or anglo-saxon . 
  irish people do n't think britain is a political term , we think it is an island . 
  britain and great britain mean the exact same thing to an irish person . 
   libya was a stable country before the us arrived . 
  that 's simply untrue . 
  the `` jamahiriyya '' was practically designed to collapse . 
   just like iraq and afghanistan was . 
  are you joking ? 
   by no means perfect , but far better off than they are now . 
  what do you base this on ? 
  the majority of iraqis , being kurdish or shi'a are glad to see the back of saddam . 
  afghanistan was literally ruled by the taliban , i guarantee the hazara were not happy about that , in fact nobody was except some of the pashtuns . 
  libya is a tougher case but anecdotally i 've never met a libyan who did n't hate gaddhafi and in terms of violence libya is mostly peaceful . 
  there is conflict in sirte and parts of benghazi , and that 's about it . 
  yep , and the irish version of the name `` breathnach '' means the same thing . 
  he 's right , though it is not undisputed . 
  the original proto-germanic word is * walhaz , meaning foreigner and stranger , and is thought to come from the name of their southern neighbour , the volcae , before applying to a foreigner in general . 
  the name , or it 's variant in the many descendants of proto-germanic was then applied to various groups , usually latin , who lived around germanic speaking nations . 
  it survives in the names of wales , wallonia , wallachia and the vlachs in english , the swiss and tiroler german word `` welsch '' meaning romance speaker , the polish name for italy ( w\u0142ochy ) , and more . 
  if they feel oppressed by people spelling their names the way they want to , that 's their fault . 
  it 's not `` stoking the flames '' and that 's a frankly ridiculous assertion . 
  it 's also a bit ridiculous comparing irish people spelling their names in irish to burning flags on a bonfire . 
   american influence bastardising the language i think you 've got this backwards . 
  in my experience it 's europeans who use `` racist '' against different ethnicities , whereas for americans all whites are the same , all blacks are the same , etc. 
  americans get really confused when you say `` germans are racist against poles '' or whatever . 
  it 's not a leftist thing either , just the fact that europeans define themselves by ethnicity and not by race . 
   i did n't bother reading it again when they decided we 'd voted wrong and made us do it again though . 
  you should have because they changed it . 
  it was a different treaty the second time . 
  although , i do n't blame you , by reading it the first time you already did better than 90 + % of voters . 
   `` christian teachings '' as you present them are a protestant notion this is hyperbole . 
  besides , we are not talking about a layman 's interpretation of the bible , we are talking about the pope himself 's , and if a catholic thinks he has a better interpretation than the pope 's while still calling himself a catholic then he is wrong , even if the pope 's opinion was n't backed up by scripture ( which it clearly is ) . 
  there is plenty of room to oppose the pope from a secular perspective but not much from a catholic one . 
  in this instance all he 's doing is promoting his religion 's teachings . 
  i think a lot of people just like the aesthetic of christianity and are n't comfortable with the actual teachings of it . 
  i 'm sure there are other reasons why people dislike the pope but in this case he 's more or less in the right . 
   his family is from asia ( black sea region ) i heard he was from a laz background , but i doubt he emphasises that now . 
  erdogan is from istanbul , but i 'm not sure if he 's from the european or asian side . 
  he could be geographically european . 
  oh yeah fair enough . 
   we would n't be doing anything wrong . 
  yes you would . 
  and you should change your constitution . 
  allahu akbar is a really common phrase in arabic . 
  it 's like saying `` jesus christ '' or `` thank god '' . 
  obviously in the west it 's associated with jihadis and this guy is an asshole for shouting it at a funeral but in arabic it 's a pretty innocuous phrase . 
   which half the people telling me probably just learned themselves this is really basic stuff in fairness . 
  that 's another reason people are pretty annoyed by this behaviour , the ones shouting the loudest are usually the most clueless . 
  i assumed this was an isis attack , as did most people . 
  people are mad because even after it became clear that it was n't terrorism , just a kid running amok , they still tried to use it to shill their shitty politics . 
  they were wrong from the start and if they think that a seemingly irreligious man of shi'a background who identifies as german is likely to commit a jihadist terrorist attack and they `` were n't surprised '' then they have no clue about the world at all . 
   same can be said about half a dozen of regions inside spain . 
  if they want independence then they should get it too  its ancient history . 
  evidently not, 
  you did n't '' '' `` give '' '' '' them anything that was n't theirs already . 
  do n't be so entitled . 
   this is why all of our british isles should have become one single political entity you all should have given up and became irish tbh . 
  the term `` british isles '' was coined by john dee who also coined the term `` british empire '' and `` british ocean '' for the atlantic which obviously never stuck . 
  he claimed that brutus of britain and king arthur had conquered ireland and parts of america and as such , queen elizabeth i had a claim to them . 
  `` taqiyya '' as you describe it is more or less an anti-islamic internet meme . 
  the real `` taqiyya '' refers to denying your faith and is predominantly a shi'a doctrine meant to avoid persecutin under the sunni caliphates . 
  it 's use in sunnism is discouraged and only permitted in the most extreme circumstances . 
  the rest of your comment is ok but your reference to taqiyya cheapens it . 
  90 % of the time you 'll only see `` taqiyya '' mentioned on / pol / because it does n't have any relevance to the modern world . 
  it does n't mean `` doctrine of deception '' or whatever nonsense people try to invent . 
  you ca n't just lie and claim `` taqiyya '' , that 's not a thing . 
  you should come to ireland . 
  i was talking recently with a turkish girl and she was impressed by how little fucks we give about politics and how irrelevant it is in general . 
  it 's pretty refreshing to be honest . 
  rijeka 's a gorgeous city , congrats to yourselves !, 
  it 's a cork thing . 
  they have two local stouts ( beamish and murphy 's ) , both of which are imo nicer than guinness . 
  a lot of the time they spoil it so people ca n't dumpster dive . 
  seems really spiteful but i guess it 's a legal thing, 
  in case anyone 's wondering we mostly sell pharmaceuticals and medical supplies . 
   but is anyone actually feeling it on the ground ? 
  in dublin ? 
  absolutely , the place is booming . 
  the buzz about the place is unreal . 
  in galway , limerick and cork ? 
  more or less . 
  enough work , plenty of stuff to do . 
  tourism is booming . 
  life is decent and the flood of emigrants * seems * to have stopped , at least it does n't feel like everyone i know has fucked off to australia like 4 years ago . 
  in the more isolated , non-tourist areas of the countryside and all along the border it 's still pretty miserable . 
  ghost estates have not been filled and if anything the places are getting even more abandoned . 
  fuck all to do , fuck all people to meet . 
  no craic to be had , no life to be living . 
  it 's important to add that the rental market is absolutely ridiculous , and knocks a lot out of the `` recovery '', 
  i think it would have been a better decision to have voted yes , sorry if that was unclear, 
  it 's the land border i 'd be worried about . 
  i 've no idea how they will manage that one .
