  in ireland the church censored huge amounts of media , and in the north , party politics are still split along religious lines ( religion is not the main issue however )  the scientific method was driven by the catholic church . 
  the scientific was the culmination of centuries of philosophical and mathematical tradition . 
  the church certainly had it 's part to play  equality of sexes is a non issue and completely irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  seriously ???? 
   europe is a very religious continent , it 's not the loud and crazy religious people you find in some parts of the us europe is the least religious continent in the world and is becoming even less religious with each generation . 
  europe was a pagan continent , then christian , soon it will be atheist . 
  christianity has no place in our legislation . 
  could n't be further . 
  he comes off as a condescending prick and is often seen as a classic example of a particular type of irish character https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gombeen_man in reality he has n't done a terrible job , at least compared to the last crowd , he 's still an insufferable prick though, 
  the only politician who comes close is the president michael d. otherwise idk , most of our national treasures are dead poets , writers or musicians . 
  s\u00e9amus heaney was probably the biggest but he died there recently . 
  greece ca n't afford to send people to jail, 
  there is plenty of solidarity towards the baltics . 
  i 'm sure the whole continent would go to war if russia tried anything . 
  who would you vote for as a greek ? 
  nd and pasok created this mess , golden dawn or kke are hardly an option . 
  anel are populists too . 
  you ca n't blame greece for voting for pasok/nd and then criticise them when they finally vote for someone else . 
  austerity has exacerbated the problem , according to some . 
  it 's impossible to improve your debt/gdp ration while you 're in a recession . 
  first you exit recession , then you can start paying debt, 
  because the us is n't in the euro . 
  i 'd be happy if ireland contributed to a fund for greece, 
  who the fuck puts cola in cider ? 
  yeah , perceived german dominance is one of the major criticisms people have here . 
  the greek crisis has seriously damaged the public opinion of the euro, 
  that 's not the only difference between the eu and the uk , nobody in roi would be in favour of rejoining the uk either , however we 're mostly pro-eu, 
  you 're wrong , we 're pretty similar in attitudes on nearly all political issues , all i 'd say is that england is a bit more right wing . 
  i ca n't think of any time ireland did anything just to be contrary since de valera 's time . 
  the `` fraternity and solidarity '' narrative has definitely been pushed though . 
  i agree , there are serious lessons to be learned . 
  yes but by protecting only their own interests the various eu governments have sabotaged integration for quite a while . 
  at this stage i only trust the uk out of the big 4 , and i trust almost none of the smaller governments . 
  maybe i 'd trust an independent scotland , basque country or catalonia as there is quite a bit of good will between `` separatist '' countries but even that 's uncertain and beyond that i ca n't think of any kind of fraternity between ireland and the rest of the eu . 
  you 're absolutely right , i just think it 's unfortunate that they are basing their policy on domestic politics rather than trying to find a solution . 
  it exposes a flaw in the way the eu is run . 
   because others might request the same . 
  this is a complete non-reason imo . 
  it 's unthinkable that us in ireland would crash our economy to greek levels just to get a debt reduction . 
  the problem with greece is that the program was a complete disaster . 
  in ireland it did n't cause too many problem letting greece collapse just to send a message to other countries is unjustifiable imo . 
  most countries do n't have a choice , only england and denmark have an opt-out . 
  the euro was good for many and in theory i 'm not against it but it was created with some fundamental flaws which are playing into this crisis . 
  my above comment was a response to the other poster being a dickhead and i did n't really mean it all that seriously . 
  as for greece , they joined because of foul play by goldman sachs and former govts and negligence by the eu . 
  who , as a greek , would you vote for ? 
  noone gave a shit when they were voting for pasok or nd , and now that they 've broken the shitty cycle everyone wants to punish them . 
  it 's true though , i know ireland will do whatever it 's told . 
  they should n't have fucked up while creating their shitty currency . 
  i agree , but there are still plenty of areas in which we can do a lot more . 
  i think we should put more money into promoting femenism in the islamic world , for example, 
  they have an obligation to ensure greece does n't crash and burn, 
  yeah , it 's mental . 
  would n't have imagined this three years ago . 
  it 's funny you cited that , as france and germany are in breach , as well as most of the eu . 
  punitive measures were started but not finished against greece and portugal in the early 2000s but it was found to be unenforceable on bigger countries like france and germany , who pushed for the law . 
  as for obligations to the other eu countries , i believe a solution to the greek problem is in everyone 's interests , unfortunately it 's not politically possible at the moment . 
  i agree , they 're fairly fucked . 
  it 's a shame people are no longer willing to help them . 
  i 'm sure many have been serious since before nd were elected but they ca n't have elections every 6 months . 
  when they were asked they decided that they were n't confident that the measures being taken were actually going to help them . 
  in this case the house is still burning and the eu definitely has an obligation to it 's members . 
  the greeks implemented plenty of reforms without any significant improvement , it 's natural that they want some kind of assurances before going through with anything more serious . 
  using the european terminology you would be ethnically american , and not roma , the `` white '' comparison is n't accurate as being `` white '' is n't an ethnicity , it 's just an arbitrary term made up in the middle ages . 
  in europe you would be seen as an american , and treated very well . 
  if , as a german suggested , you dressed in a hoop skirt and head scarf and did n't speak ( your accent would give you away ) then you would likely face discrimination . 
  there are many non-roma gypsies , in some countries they may be synonymous but definitely not in the uk, 
  in theory there is nothing wrong with being a traveller ( i 've actually travelled quite a bit in my day , sleeping rough and busking/dumpster diving to support myself ) but it almost inevitably leads to criminality in a first world country . 
  there are plenty of non-roma travellers here in ireland ( the majority are irish ) and they share the same issues . 
  i 've noticed the same situation in america with `` carnies '' , train hoppers and vagabond punks . 
  they do n't get on with the local populace and plenty of negative stereotypes surround them . 
  in europe ethnicity is more commonly used to refer to culture and not genetics . 
  using this understanding , ethnicity most definitely does go away due to cultural upbringing . 
  i understand in the us the situation is different . 
  i 'd feel no shame in calling myself a male feminist and , whether you like it or not , the majority of men in the western world are feminists too . 
  the fact that there are retarded children talking wank on tumblr does n't change the fact that equality is a good thing . 
  your fears are misplaced . 
  the roma face a lot of discrimination and that should be stopped but they are in no danger . 
  you should worry about muslims . 
  no , it 's covered , but it does n't change the fact that ireland was a colony . 
  people like baron inchiquin , who was the governor of jamaica and others https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:irish_colonial_officials are well known but that does n't change anything . 
  the vast majority of irish colonial officers were from the anglo-irish ascendancy and did n't consider themselves irish . 
  nowadays they would be , but back then was a different story as the split between the gaelic/catholic/irish and the anglo-irish was huge . 
  the other ways ireland contributed to colonialism were through massive numbers of soldiers in the armies of firstly france and spain and later england ( after fighting in foreign armies was outlawed ) and the third was through irish indentured servants and labourers who were snt in huge numbers to the carribbean . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/redlegs it 's well-known that the easter rising was disliked by the irish at first , but that 's irrelevant because it does n't change the fact that a hundred years before hand the act of union was passed by a settler parliament and not a native one . 
  you 're also ignoring the fact that the home rule parties were the biggest parties in ireland at the time . 
  so support for nationalist parties was not `` very low '' , unionist parties were insignificant outside of ulster and a few token constituencies . 
  i do n't know why you 're questioning my knowledge of my own history but none of this changes the fact that ireland was a colony, 
  eurozone only i think, 
  it 's a fair point , ( you should try living here especially around the 12th of july ) . 
  on the other hand , you should realise how annoying it is to have this same argument every time you want to discuss your own history . 
  it 's more or less impossible to mention irish history without someone going `` omg it was n't that bad , blah blah '' which , as i 've said is beside the point . 
  the vast majority of people in the world were exploited at the time , but that 's completely beside the point . 
  blaming the native irish for the act of union is like blaming zulus for apartheid . 
  we never wanted to be part of the uk , it was forced upon us by a parliament made up of planters who in turn were forced upon us by the cromwellian invasion , probably the most despicable period in our history . 
  the famine occured long after the colonisation , and you should be careful about accusing me of nationalism when you 've spent the whole thread denying and deflecting british crimes . 
  the assertion that british and irish peasants had the same lot is absurd . 
  edit : i 'll also add that `` colony '' does n't mean `` got treated like shit '' . 
  you can keep your sunny view of the british empire but you ca n't deny that ireland was a colony . 
  ireland most definitely was a colony .
