   testing our core beliefs ? 
  no , testing our abilities . 
  most european countries are shit at integration . 
  here in ireland it 's something we do pretty well and i 'd be in favour of taking more , but for countries which have failed at integration it 's a terrible idea and it wo n't help anyone . 
  those people would be pretty upset if you called them irish, 
  lol holy shit . 
  being against dehumanising people and being an isis supporter are mutually exclusive , i do n't know how you made that leap, 
  i agree with your stance on the justice system but you 're being pretty condescending, 
  i 'm liberal and progressive and i do n't want to be associated either . 
   the eu is built on solidarity i stopped believing this a while ago . 
  i actually love them , there 's something elegant in the simplicity and they are quintessentially irish . 
  definitely not as impressive a stuff you 'd find on the continent though . 
  yeah , we 're not a coffee people . 
  our tea is nice though , tea anywhere else tends to be watery shite . 
  we take tea very seriously and i 'll defend the supremacy of barry 's to the death, 
  our cuisine is shite but our ingredients are usually fantastic . 
  i 've yet to have better meat or dairy products . 
  my ideal food would actually be greek cuisine cooked with irish ingredients ( i adore greek food ), 
  femen are feminists . 
  i did n't downvote you but it is n't factual . 
  the `` original britons '' would be the welsh and the cornish . 
  bear in mind that i 'm a pedantic nerd , and that most people are probably downvoting you because you 're making a point against racism . 
  they live in wales and cornwall . 
  are you seriously suggesting there 's nothing `` nice '' about english culture ? 
  or that the things you suggested sum up english culture ? 
  that 's a wee bit racist to be honest . 
  i disagree with the above poster as i do n't think english culture is under threat but your comment is seriously ignorant . 
  scotland is a net contributor . 
  the situations are pretty comparable . 
  northern ireland is a weird one though . 
   every part of spain has been independent before . 
  and they have the right to be independent again if they wish, 
  if spain were as mature as the uk there would n't even be an issue . 
   irish , that 's a result of the enlightenment creating the idea of nation states . 
  the concept of irish nationalism had been around since before the enlightenment , prior to that there had been gaelic nationalism . 
  either way it does n't matter , every nation is arbitrary to a certain degree , that does n't change the way they are . 
  anyways , this is n't the point i was trying to make , i was just trying to say language = / = identity, 
  that 's not the point i was trying to make , we 've basically all gotten over what england did to us , i do n't know anyone who gives a shit . 
  we still view ourselves as something different , as do catalans . 
  just because they speak spanish does n't make them spanish , the same way speaking english does n't make me english . 
  more people here speak english than irish but that does n't mean we see ourselves as belonging to britain . 
  i think your first point could be easily solved if the spanish government were more willing to work with catalonia . 
  the second is a bit more tricky , but i think within the framework of the eu they would n't really be `` swimming aganst the current '' . 
  the concept of a `` europe of regions '' has been well discussed . 
  as for your last point , there is nothing really wrong ith catalonia being interlinked with spain 's economy , after all we are still closely linked with britain and it works well for us . 
  again , there will only really be a problem if one of the parties decides to be spiteful or vindictive , there 's no reason they cant work together . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't really have time to get into my views , but thank you for your response . 
   namely that separating in a small independent region usually brings more disadvantages than advantages . 
  could you explain how so ? 
  i 've rarely seen this as the case . 
  i think my own country , all of the balkan countries , the baltics are doing better . 
  to be honest i ca n't think of any cases where independence has been worse , at least not in europe , though there are definitely some african , caribbean or pacific countries which were hurt by premature independence . 
  the amnesty for `` terrorists '' was a really good move , i wish people would follow ni 's example in other conflict zones . 
  there are plenty of european muslims . 
  albanians , bosniaks , tatars , chechens , circassians , gagauz and of course turks . 
  people on here like to shit on turks but most people consider them european , at least in the west and northern coasts . 
  you 're right about people discounting turkey based on religion though , a lot of people are n't comfortable with muslims . 
  ah , irish people will always be unhappy about something . 
  the economy 's fine , though i 'm worried it 's just another bubble . 
  that makes no sense . 
  jan are more hostile to israel than assad . 
  israel are paranoid about most threats but they are n't stupid . 
  they 've been treating everyone , druze , muslim , whatever . 
  do n't know how to link comments but i 'll quote  you 're really misinformed . 
  syrian rebels have n't collaborated with daesh since 2014 , excepting maybe a few sporadic incidents . 
  even jabhat al nusra , which is literally al qaeda and at war with the opposition , does n't work with daesh . 
  there are many secular brigades , many islamist ones who have commited to working with secularists . 
  there are christian brigades , and it 's starting to look like the druze are supporting the southern front . 
  people like to pretend there are no moderates left but it 's simply not true  not usually . 
  maybe `` rebel '' but rarely opposition , and only someone who is really uninformed would lump them in together . 
  `` opposition '' usually refers to the fsa , consisting of a myriad of secular and moderate islamist groups , and their allies islamic front , who are extreme islamists , as well as a clusterfuck of smaller islamist groups and the secular syrian revolutionary front . 
  al nusra has been excluded from the syrian national coalition and the syrian revolutionary command council and are usually considered separate from the above  i do n't but rebels and is are n't affiliated as so many like to claim . 
  if he was fighting for the rebels there 's a slim chance he 's going to be connected to isis as they absolutely despise each other . 
   there are plenty , mostly in rojava but also in hawran and idlib . 
  i do n't think anyone can begrudge the christian or druze militias either . 
  i 'm going to add a few wikipedia links https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_syrian_army https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southern_front_of_the_free_syrian_army https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syria_revolutionaries_front https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dawn_of_freedom_brigades https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euphrates_volcano, 
  i 'm not trying to defend their other actions , i 'm as pro-palestinian as you get , but treating wounded people is always the right thing to do . 
  israel treats everyone who needs it , as they should . 
  i 'm not a fan of israel 's policies at the best of times but are you really going to hold humanitarianism against them ? 
   fsa is as close to isis as you can get . 
  i 'm really tired of explaining why this is wrong . 
  they defected , they are n't working together . 
  those people are now the enemies of the fsa, 
  definitely , caution is paramount, 
  i agree , i 'm just saying that being opposition affiliated is less dangerous than isis affiliated . 
  they 're more or less the same thing , wahabbism is like the saudi brand of salafism . 
  they consider the term wahabbi offensive though i think, 
  not an exact one but the qur ` an has rules about appearances and modesty and salafists take them quite seriously . 
  he could be kurdish , he could be pro-assad , he could be christian , he could be salafist . 
  his clothes do n't look very jihadist though . 
  depends which faction , some are openly allied with jan , others are sworn enemies . 
  i definitely think they should be vetted . 
   since last year isis only really came on the scene last year . 
  they had declared war on literally everyone shortly after . 
  i think that members of secular arab , kurdish or druze forces should be allowed in . 
  not usually . 
  maybe `` rebel '' but rarely opposition , and only someone who is really uninformed would lump them in together . 
  `` opposition '' usually refers to the fsa , consisting of a myriad of secular and moderate islamist groups , and their allies islamic front , who are extreme islamists , as well as a clusterfuck of smaller islamist groups and the secular syrian revolutionary front . 
  al nusra has been excluded from the syrian national coalition and the syrian revolutionary command council and are usually considered separate from the above, 
   there is no good guys in syria there are plenty , mostly in rojava but also in hawran and idlib .
