  i do n't think anyone can begrudge the christian or druze militias either . 
  there are almost no rebel groups who advocate attacking europe . 
  even the extremist islamist factions like ahrar as sham are against it . 
  only isis and al qaeda are in favour . 
  i do n't but rebels and is are n't affiliated as so many like to claim . 
  if he was fighting for the rebels there 's a slim chance he 's going to be connected to isis as they absolutely despise each other . 
  you 're really misinformed . 
  syrian rebels have n't collaborated with daesh since 2014 , excepting maybe a few sporadic incidents . 
  even jabhat al nusra , which is literally al qaeda and at war with the opposition , does n't work with daesh . 
  there are many secular brigades , many islamist ones who have commited to working with secularists . 
  there are christian brigades , and it 's starting to look like the druze are supporting the southern front . 
  people like to pretend there are no moderates left but it 's simply not true, 
  one of them is in infiltrator who probably wants to commit an atrocity , the other is a coward at worst . 
  it 's actually a pretty good comparison . 
  there were heroes and monsters among the allies , it covered a broad spectrum who were only united to bring down an even bigger monster . 
  pretty apt . 
  saying `` there 's a fine line between the allies and the nazis '' sounds retarded because it is , just as your comment is . 
  of course it matters, 
  the genocide point was relevant as it was contemporary , janissaries were n't that relevant . 
  i think the us is infinitely better than ksa but they are also guilty of slavery and genocide on a massive scale . 
  i was n't trying to defend the ottoman empire , nor any other . 
  i just thought your comment was a bit irrelevant . 
  not in the 20th century . 
  nearly every empire had slaves, 
  before the languages split it was simply called irish . 
  it goes like primitive irish , old irish , middle irish , classical gaelic , modern irish/scottish gaelic/manx . 
  in this sense old irish and goidelic are the same thing . 
  brittonic is commonly used, 
  water makes you sober . 
  pretty hard to dilute water with water though , so they had to use whiskey . 
  it proved homeopathy 's effectiveness when they all started to feel drunk . 
  cac in irish . 
  probably a proto-ie word, 
  they 're a really interesting case actually , i recommend looking into basque mythology and folklore . 
  turks and arabs are massively different . 
  say what you want about turkey but they 've been selfless with regards to immigrants, 
  why , a strong trading partner is usually a good thing ? 
  basques definitely are n't celts . 
  they are n't even indo-european . 
  bulgarians are slavic though . 
  completely missing the point but i 'll bite anyway what about mexican cartel members from the border ? 
  pakistan is a countyr of over 200 million people ( many of them non-muslim ) . 
  you 're american , do you think someone from the ozarks is going to behave the same way as someone from portland ? 
  ethnic and regional differences are much bigger in pakistan than the us too . 
   turks also form majority in some parts of greece and bulgaria . 
  nobody calls them greek/bulgarian occupied turkey that 's not really a fair comparison , a fairer comparison would be chinese occupied uyghurstan, 
  sweden is constantly mocked for their policies , more so than germany . 
  also , sweden do n't have the same clout as germany and they ca n't impose their immigration policy on the rest of europe . 
  why would i compare them if i thought they were the same ? 
  incitement to violence should be punished , as should recruiting for terrorists , but i should n't go to jail for saying `` isis are actually pretty cool guys '', 
  imprisoning people for thought crimes is wrong . 
  there are people in the west who openly defend daesh . 
  we do n't throw them in prison, 
  i doubt many shia live in areas controlled by isis, 
   would you approve that ? 
  yes , but i 'm not english . 
  i do n't think that 's a realistic situation . 
  i definitely have my problems with the uk as a historical entity but as a state today they are an example for the world . 
  most countries do n't like losing clay . 
  the uk is one of the few countries who handles these disputes maturely . 
  i really hope the spanish politicians come to their senses . 
  that could depend on where you 're from , catalonia has a large profile in ireland . 
  crimea should have gotten independence in the 90 's not annextion in 2014, 
  i can imagine a sinn f\u00e9in govt recognising them but nobody else . 
  shame as most of the population would be in favour . 
  i know it 's unrealistic , i still think it 's the right way to go about things . 
  i do n't see your point , just because other countries are unwilling to facilitate independent states does n't mean they 're correct . 
  if texas , brittany or kurdistan want independence they should get it . 
  i know that these countries would n't allow it but i think they 're wrong for that . 
  independence movements should be handled as the uk handled scotland . 
  any other way is wrong . 
  it 's still a much closer comparison , and most refugees want to work , thing is they 're not allowed, 
  it 's much less relevant . 
  colonisation is a completely different beast to asylum . 
  no comparison . 
  who 's insulting you ? 
  oman and the uae and saudi arabia re n't neighbours of syria , and israel wo n't even allow palestinians back . 
  what did you expect . 
  people like the eu , many people are n't that big on merkel . 
  how ? 
  they 've existed longer than the kkk and have literally nothing to do with them . 
  i do n't disagree with what you 're saying , i thought you were talking about staying in syria after the war, 
  spain needs to ban [ these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capirote ) asap . / s, 
  not in ireland , where it 's actually from, 
  if this is a joke , i apologise , if not then you 're ridiculous . 
   i do n't know many irish people who go around wearing celtic crosses on holidays to america or nuremberg for this to ever an issue for the ` authentic ' symbol or the irish culturally . 
  it 's a very common motif for jewellery , tattoos and other things here so i can see why people might be nervous . 
  they feel that it should n't prompt the same response as a swastika tattoo . 
  people should use discretion but they often do n't, 
  you ca n't really say `` outside the uk and france '' considering they 're the two most important militaries in europe . 
  i do n't think a small safe zone would be subject to the problems that came with `` nation-building '' projects in iraq and afghanistan , especially considering it would be next door to a nato country, 
  they could put the processing centre in the ones that are already there , that way there would be less for you to handle, 
  greek raki is n't like turkish raki . 
  if my months of getting drunk in the balkans have taught me correctly , greek raki is like ex-yugo rakija , basically cheap plum booze . 
  turkish raki is like tsiperou or arabic arak , an anise flavoured aperitif . 
  rakimelo is particularly good anyone want to clarify/correct me ? 
  that 's what i meant  to be honest the best time would be another two weeks , it 's pretty early days yet but the weather has been so bad this year that they 're probably coming early anyways . 
  i 'm actually from galway , and probably going picking this weekend just to see what things are like . 
  if you 're in the city and you have a car then the best place to go would be out west around moycullen . 
  the best places are golf courses , but i 'd understand if you do n't feel comfortable walking around them .
