they are commonly flown in ireland , as well as the flags of other independentist regions . 
  calling it fetishism is unfair , it seems like you 're trying to belittle peoples opinions for no reason . 
  it 's not an unusual opinion for people to be in favour of self-determination and i for one have been unimpressed with madrid 's handling of the situation . 
  it may not be technically correct but it 's often used that way, 
  thanks , caucasian languages are interesting, 
  it 's not a latin word , the native celtic is just similar to the latin . 
  celtic is closer to italic than any other branch of indo-european . 
  also , wallonia in belgium , and loads of other places . 
  it 's one of my favourite words to nerd out over . 
  there are shared vocabulary and grammatical features between celtic and latin languages , and it 's proposed that this comes either through descent from a common italo-celtic branch of indo-european , or that the early italics and the early celts lived near to eachother for a long time and had a lot of trade or other contact . 
  i think that 's what he was referring to . 
  ahh , fair enough, 
  all i can say is that i disagree on almost every point that you 've made . 
  i 'm also curious how you justify this given your own country 's foundation . 
  according to the un they also have a legal right . 
  self determination of nations is recognised . 
   im always against any independence movement why ? 
  do n't mean to be rude , it 's just an unusual position . 
   is it really possible that a pub pays for their guest 's taxi ? 
  in the rural west of ireland it 's not uncommon for the publican to drive patrons home , especially the locals, 
  this is a good comparison . 
  it 's a really unfortunate turn of events, 
  people from ireland hate each other so much we do n't have time for anyone else . 
  i agree , yeah . 
  that 's what i meant by an `` east african reilgious tradition '' , the people doing it probably believe they 're doing it in service to some higher power , be it deus or allah or whatever . 
   now tell me how that helps the children being tortured today ? 
  is your knowledge of african history going to stop them from taking a knife to a childs vagina ? 
  it wo n't help me but it might help some of the ngos and local activists who are actively working against it . 
  i 'd actually be pretty unimpressed if they did n't know this , and they were trying to fight fgm in areas it was n't practiced , or they were unaware of non-islamic fgm  is it going to stop them from marrying a 9 year old child to a 40 year old man ? 
  is it going to stop them from putting a noose around a mans neck for having the audacity to love another man ? 
  neither of these are related to fgm but obviously i 'm against murder and paedophilia . 
  having knowledge of the culture of , e.g. 
  saudi arabia or other places where murder of gays and paedophilia are common would definitely help fight those practices . 
   tell me , oh smart one , how in the fuck does that help anything ? 
  these ` people ' deserve 0 respect and defending them based on some obscure fact does make you a disgusting person i 'm not defending anyone , neither was the op . 
  i have no idea how you came to that conclusion . 
  you 're attitude is retarded and you 're being hysterical . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  just because muslims do some horrible shit does n't mean that nuance and historical facts can be written off . 
  you sound like a mccarthyist ranting about commies . 
   for defending people who regularly and consistently mutilate young girls , who regularly and consistently publicly execute gay people , who regularly and consistently rape children  he was n't doing that though , explaining where a practice comes from does n't equal defending that practice . 
  i know exactly what my morals are and they are not hurt by knowing that fgm is an east african practice that predates both islam and christianity . 
   this is arguing about semantics , but i 'd say that for example praying is a muslim tradition even if other religions practice it . 
  the difference being that praying is mandated by the qur ` an and hadith , fgm is not . 
  it 's a cultural practice being portrayed as a religious one . 
  unfortunately it 's common that conservatism and religion are linked . 
  very often in places like central asia , practices which are considered `` taghut '' or idolatry in islam are done by religious people . 
   neither is relevant . 
  when a group of people who practice fgm claim to do so for religious reasons and religious leaders promote fgm you can conclude it is in fact a religious issue . 
  depends how you look at it . 
  for some people it 's done to ensure `` chastity '' or other such nonsense , and for others it 's done as a religious thing , but it 's more accurate to describe it in terms of a the people who practice it . 
  it 'd make more sense to call it an east african religious practice considering it involves both christians and muslims . 
  christians will tell you it 's a christian practice , muslims will tell you it 's islamic . 
  really it 's just an african one ( as well as se asia and pockets elsewhere ) as another example , here in ireland it 's common for people to leave offerings in trees and wells all around the countryside . 
  it 's considered a catholic practice even though it dates to irish paganism . 
   i never claimed islam mandated fgm , just that there 's a section of islam supporting and even promoting the practice . 
  islamic groups do n't have to promote fgm just like catholic groups do n't have to oppose gay marriage and condoms , but when they do criticism is warranted . 
  sharing statistics and countering misinformation is hardly what i would classify as an `` impotent rant '' . 
  islam does n't say anything about fgm , it 's a backwards cultural practice like arranged marriages , incest or honour killings . 
  it should be tackled anywhere it arises , and you 're right n saying that islamic groups who support it should be confronted . 
  i think that calling it a `` muslims practice '' as the op did is wrong and ignores the root of the problem however . 
  he was wrong to call your post an impotent rant , you had some good points, 
  why ? 
  for providing info and context ? 
  username checks out, 
   where are all the hindu indian terrorists ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saffron_terror  sikh terrorists ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khalistan_liberation_force  the christian african terrorists ? 
   they are scared that european women will become impregnated by them and they will lose their culture . 
  that 's fucking pathetic . 
  the easiest way to prevent that is to be a fucking man that women desire , simple as that . 
   i agree with your post , people 's perceptions of albania are retarded , but this statement is n't a fair representation of people 's fears . 
  for the record i 'm in favour of taking more refugees . 
  it 's usually great but it turns to shit when a `` hot tpic '' like immigration or russia comes up . 
  he has a point, 
  yeah , it 's a really good check on govt power, 
  you 're right , all it takes is one member-state to oppose it , and there are a few who have reason to . 
  nope . 
  my accent usually satisfies them . 
  have n't got the ferry in a while though , maybe it 's stricter now . 
  although an acquaintance recently brought over a few sheets of lsd without showing any passport so i assume they 're just really lax, 
  i 'm irish . 
  usually they 'll just ask where i 'm from and leave it at that . 
  i 've never had to show a passport on the ferry to england , but you have a point . 
  we whinge about it a lot but i think over all it 's a good thing . 
  the inevitable abortion one will be an absolute shitshow though , if the last one is anything to go by . 
   make it illegal to succeed like us states try that in ni, 
  it would make a lot more sense for scotland to be in the cta , i think brussels would see that . 
  there 's no way for anyone to get to scotland without at least an id card and the only thing that would come of forcing youse into schengen would be creating a border with england which i doubt either want and which i doubt brussels would force upon youse . 
   people would travel to scotland then just freely travel to london if that were the case people would already be going through ireland . 
  these migrants have no way of getting to scotland . 
  seal in irish is r\u00f3n , and the name r\u00f3n\u00e1n is common ( both a male first name and a surname , most famously saoirse ronan ), 
  \u00d3 murch\u00fa is actually a contraction of \u00d3 murchadha , which comes from muir ( sea ) + cath ( battle ) . 
  sea warrior is correct . 
  `` c\u00fa '' meaning hound was n't originally in the name . 
  iirc that fort was more of a trading point . 
  it 's theorised that the roman 's supported tuathal techtmar 's return to ireland during agricola 's reign . 
  the theory is n't unfounded either though there is no concrete proof . 
   no , that does n't mean that this is always the case . 
  but it is usually the case .
