  you 're right about worldnews , definitely, 
  that 's good to hear , i hope berber cultures stay strong, 
  you 'd know you were from cork anyway , 
  you should know that the polish have a very good reputation here . 
  there was initially some hostility but it did n't last long . 
  there 's a perception that the polish really respect ireland and we respond well to that . 
  euro 2012 helped a lot as well , everyone who went fell in love with poland . 
  best of luck , whatever happens . 
  it really saddens me to see the state greece is in . 
  you 've some wrong info there lad, 
  every pro-kurdish commented here is heavily down-voted . 
  anti-pkk comments are mostly upvoted , i do n't know what you are talking about, 
  during the time that the pira were active in the north the irish faced less discrimination than the kurds did , both parties want independence and socialism . 
  both used guerilla and terrorist tactics , both had infighting with other factions , both attacked members of their own and rival communities . 
  i ca n't speak for organisation , etc. 
  as i do n't know how the pkk is organised . 
  also , very few irish people would call the ira decent . 
  i know there are probably more differences but there are a few similarities and i think erdogan could learn a lot by looking at our peace process ( that 's if he even wants peace ), 
  why not ? 
  they seem broadly similar but on a bigger scale . 
  their means are more like , as someone mentioned , the ira and eta than al qaeda or is . 
  their goals also . 
  you can edit the text i think, 
  i do n't know if you 're talking about yourselves our the yanks . 
  both have a pretty big effect on our economy, 
  we 're rich again lads , start buying houses . 
  what could go wrong !, 
  i always found that conquering al-andalus and morocco was a good strategy for young connacht . 
  she 's probably irish, 
  many native berber people are quite northern looking actually . 
  i 'm not sure what the % is of arabs to berbers but things like blue/green eyes and light hair are common . 
  vandals probably had an influence too . 
  in ancient egyptian drawings `` libyans '' were portrayed as light skinned , opposed to olive skinned egyptians . 
  i 'm glad you brought the ira up . 
  they 're a good example of negotiation and compromise being more useful than heavy-handedness, 
  sky news is populated by arseholes . 
  any time i see kay burley 's face i want to boke . 
  shitty situation , i hope it works out for both turks and kurds . 
  i just mean tht complaining about criticism does n't help your case . 
  if people are sympathetic to the pkk 's cause that 's their right , it 's hardly an outlandish one like da3sh or neonazis . 
  that 's why dialogue is necessary . 
  you were going great until the last sentence . 
  many , if not most of those deaths were at the hands of the turkish state , grey wolves and village guards . 
  you 're right in that nobody is innocent and throwing around names like terrorist or oppressor wo n't help . 
  turkey needs it 's own good friday agreement . 
  i hope turkey and kurdistan manage to avoid further violence . 
  seriously ?? 
  `` and in america they are lynching negroes ! '', 
  both really, 
  yeah , they kinda still have a blueshirtiness about them, 
  `` it 's more likely that i know more about your language than you and my preconceived notions are correct '', 
  a lot of `` traditional '' jokes are based on stereotypes of the irish being stupid but they do n't make fun of us in day to day life . 
  in ireland we usually take `` irish '' jokes and replace them with kerrymen , and replace `` miserly scots '' jokes with cavanmen, 
  is it visca catalunya time yet ? 
  or will spain sort itself out next election ? 
  a few reasons . 
  it 's the reason those parties exist , it left a lot of scars , and ireland is very parochial . 
  it 's not a big deal anymore , except among older generations whose minds will never be changed . 
  ireland signed a treaty following the war of independence . 
  instead of a 32 county republic , there would be a 26 county `` free state '' , in the commonwealth , with an oath to the king . 
  a boundary commission was promised to deal with the north , nationalists were expecting to gain most catholic majority areas including derry city , but this never came to pass . 
  half of the rebels ( sinn f\u00e9in , old ira ) signed the treaty , became cumann na ngael ( fine gael ) , half fought against the treaty and remained sinn f\u00e9in . 
  a civil war was fought between the two sides for a year . 
  sinn f\u00e9in abstained from politics due to the oath until 1926 when the party split again into fianna f\u00e1il and sinn f\u00e9in . 
  fianna f\u00e1il entered politics and became the dominant anti-treaty party . 
  for many years people voted along family lines depending on which side their family fought on in the civil war despite both parties being very similar ideologically . 
  ireland never really had a left/right split . 
  over all a ridiculously shit system , though it 's more or less ended since the crisis . 
  you 're right , i actually meant to put that in . 
  they 're not really fascist at all now though , it 'd be disingenuous to call them that . 
  nope never have , my mother does though . 
  i have n't a notion who to vote for . 
  i 'd vote labour if michael d was still a td but i 'd be just voting because i like him . 
  that 's perfect edit : i 'll add some info fianna f\u00e1il : anti-treaty civil war party , nominally republican , centre-right populist , making leftish noises to differentiate themselves from fg . 
  `` pro-business '' , rotten to the core with corruption fine gael : pro-treaty civil war party , also centre-right populist , agrarian and catholic reputation , uncertain if corrupt but it looks that way . 
  labour : nominally centre left , actually centrist . 
  no civil war links , limp-wristed , percieved as sell-outs sinn f\u00e9in : republican , nationalist , left-wing populist . 
  formerly the political wing of the ira , minor force in the south until recently , in govt up north greens : unconvincing , not as radical as european greens northern parties i 'll leave to someone else as they either seem insane , clueless or irrelevant to me ( not that southern ones do n't ), 
  i was pretty pissed off when i learned that the [ celtic cross ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celtic_cross ) was used as a racist symbol by the far right in europe . 
  it was wierd seeing one of your national symbols spraypainted around like a swastika by assholes who do n't know what it means . 
  it 's a common symbol here and it , funnily enough , symbolises basically multiculturalism , as christian and native celtic cultures combined . 
  it was used by the [ irish monks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celtic_christianity ) who presided over what was a golden age associated with learning and literature . 
  really does n't suit the far-right . 
  hybrid warfare and proxy statelets . 
  it 's happening right now actually and they 've done it to georgia , moldova and ukraine . 
  that 's three european countries who have a lot to fear from russia . 
  the baltics have a lot to far from russia , as do belarus and finland . 
  the uk or france may be safe but there 's more to europe than those countries . 
  nato is the main thing keeping russia from many smaller neighbours . 
  we 're not asking you to give your land to kurds , just give their own land that they already live on . 
  most european countries offer self-determination to nations , scotland had a referendum last year . 
  turkish flag is already great, 
  that 's brilliant, 
  baltics and finns should really reclaim the swastika . 
  it 's a cool symbol, 
  that 's actually really cool, 
  i actually prefer the harp as a flag . 
  i think it 's unique and actually represents ireland better through the symbolism ( blue is technically our national colour ) . 
  the tricolour is boring . 
  it would also be neutral in the case of a ui ( not likely for a while ) .
