  moralising wo n't get creditors ' money back . 
  ireland is a very sarcastic place , and often the opposite of what is said is implied . 
  `` i will , yeah '' meaning `` no , fuck off '' is a commonly quoted example . 
  i 've only ever heard the expression used as he described . 
  the question of whether greece stays in the euro ( eu ? ), 
  definitely warrants a referendum , and it 's far from unusual for parties to take a side . 
  we have plenty of referenda here and i ca n't think of one where the political parties stayed neutral . 
  he 's the pm , and the leader of govt , not the head of state . 
  it sends the message that europe looks after her members . 
  as an irishman i do n't give a shit that we have to pay back our debts and greece would n't , what i care about is solidarity . 
  i 'm not happy to be a part of a union that treats it 's citizens this way , regardless of how irresponsible greek governments have been . 
  just because there are poorer nations does n't mean greece does n't need relief . 
  if switzerland or norway needed debt relief i 'd be fully in favour . 
  christianity in the middle ages was just as barbaric as islam is now . 
  do n't take the enlightenment for granted . 
  `` are you a catholic or a protestant ? '', 
  `` atheist actually . '', 
  `` aye , but are you a catholic atheist or a protestant atheist ? '', 
  i do n't understand why many spaniards get so snarky at catalan nationalists . 
  his comment was informative . 
  let 's kill my atheist cousin , that 'll really show the west !!, 
  there are plenty of others making great hip hop now . 
  i actually think this is hip hop 's golden age , it 's had some time to mature and people are making timeless and artistic albums . 
  i 've never seen or heard of an irish convert either but apparently they exist . 
  geographically , culturally and legally they are . 
  i do n't know what bizarre criterion you 're excluding them by but most people define irish by one of the above . 
  an irish person from northern ireland is no less irish than an irish person from dublin . 
   to us though , you 're northern irish . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i take no issue with anything you 've said but i think you 're overestimating the degree to which people romanticise the rising . 
  the fact that the rising was unpopular is probably the most discussed aspect in my experience . 
  `` nationalist '' means many different thing depending on context . 
  in northern ireland and often the south it 's used to refer to the entire community . 
  speak for yourself lad . 
  and irish is n't a dead language . 
  lowland scots does , scottish gaelic does n't, 
  never forgive , never forget, 
  that 's not how the law works . 
  it 's illegal for them to turn anyone back at all because they border the war zone . 
  you ca n't turn anyone back no matter how many you 've taken . 
   they were careless and overburdened themselves . 
  they are perfectly capable of closing their own border if they did n't want anymore no it is n't their fault , it 's international law . 
  ah now , connacht , thomond and breifne chose the right side !, 
  we 'll direct our complaints to the leinstermen ( as usual ), 
  interestingly the bouzouki has been adopted in irish music and is now considered traditional here . 
  the style is obviously very different and i believe the tetrachord bouzouki is more common here . 
  we actually share three languages , gaelic , english and scots . 
  not sure many countries can say that . 
  there 's also the music , hurling/shinty , folklore and mythology . 
  edward ( robert 's brother ) de brus was actually crowned high king of ireland , and an attempt was made to create a pan-gaelic kingdom . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bruce_campaign_in_ireland edit : i 'm an eejit , just realised the above poster said literally that . 
  we have a version similar to scottish bag pipes also , it 's usually called the great pipes or war pipes ( p\u00edob mh\u00f3r ) iirc the difference between scottish bagpipes and great pipes is the number of drones . 
  i think we drink the most in the world after turkey and either kuwait or qatar . 
  been a while since i checked, 
  i do n't understand balkanites ' love for them . 
  in the english language it 's not used very often outside of a poetic or historical context but in the very broadest sense it can refer to all irish scottish and manx people , and even their diaspora in places like nova scotia or newfoundland . 
  a more restrained definition would be all native irish , manx and scottish highlanders . 
  in the irish language it 's more or less a synonym for irish , and is often used instead when referring to cultural things , for example , irish pub `` pub / teach t\u00e1bhairne gaelach '' irish music `` ceol gaelach '' and so on . 
  that being said it also can refer to scottish and manx people . 
  actually , now that i think of it there are contexts where `` gael '' can refer only to speakers of the gaelic languages . 
  it 's a confusing one in any case . 
   in scotland we have gaels i never knew that `` gael '' in scotland referred only to native speakers of gaelic . 
  we 'd tend to use a broader definition . 
  one might argue that aussies and nzers are a sub-group of english people . 
  ( i personally would n't ) a better example might be [ transylvanian saxons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvanian_saxons ) as a sub-group of germans , fenno-swedes , pontic greeks and such types . 
  if we are to limit our sub-ethnicities to those living in the same country it 's a bit harder to think of examples , unless you count regional variations such as bavarians vs saxons or whatever . 
  a few i can think of would be bedouin arabs , turkish alevis , persian lurs . 
  `` black '' usually referred to hair . 
  still does in irish , we have a different word to describe skin, 
  irish and welsh come from two different branches of the celtic languages , welsh is brittonic/brythonic / `` p '' - celtic , irish is gaelic/goidelic / `` q '' - celtic . 
  brittonic contains welsh , cornish and breton . 
  gaelic contains irish , scottish gaelic and manx . 
  even within galway the difference is huge . 
  t\u00far mhic \u00c9adaigh and cois farraige are different games altogether . 
   how come macha is n't any sort of common irish name ? 
   do n't know but many other goddess names are popular \u00c1ine is the most , unless you count niamh ( elf woman but not a goddess ) br\u00edd is very common as are \u00c9adaoin , cl\u00edodhna , fionn\u00faala , eithne , and i 've even heard f\u00f3dhla a few times . 
  whiskey was first attested in ireland , though in fairness the scots do it well, 
  people have a weird time with the phonetics . 
  i 've heard it sounds like russian , arabic , even `` elvish '', 
  source ? 
  derry used to be called doire choilm cille , and `` lugh na daoine doire '' is n't proper irish . 
  `` power of the people of the oak grove '' would be `` cumhacht muintir an doire '' , or `` cumhacht lucht and doire '', 
  eoin however means john , coming from latin ioannes . 
  eoghan and eoin are completely unrelated names , funnily enough, 
  technically it 's in munster but cromwell included it in his `` connacht '' where catholics were to be exiled as it 's west of the shannon, 
  the pronounciation was infuriating at first . 
  no it is n't lad . 
  the most i 've heard is the odd mention . 
  nobody gives a fuck , and those who do are mostly sympathetic . 
  people talk about a lot of things but the refugee crisis is n't one of them . 
  i 'd imagine you seek out that sort of discussion as it 's something you obviously care about , but the vast majority of people here do n't . 
  the only people i 've heard mention it were german actually now that i think of it . 
  that 's something a lot of people miss about ireland . 
  we do n't really have a left/right divide in the same way that other countries do , and the `` battle lines '' are drawn in odd places . 
  for example , abortion . 
  of the most vocal anti-abortionists i know , all of them are lefty hippy types ( i 'm in galway so that probably has an effect ) . 
  we need to blame someone for our conservatism , right ? 
  that 's why i said `` for better or for worse '' . 
  military coups are almost always a bad thing and the antithesis of democracy but many people are worried about the loss of checks on erdogan 's power . 
  in some aspects they have , in others they have n't .
