  representatives of the protestant ascendancy between 1800-1921 do n't undo the years of colonisation and plantation . 
  i meant in this thread , i 'm galwegian too and i know the crowd you 're on about but they 're hardly the only people on greece 's side in this . 
  you 're the only one exaggerating, 
  ulster and connacht are n't massively different , but munster is a different story . 
  their grammar is so conservative that it took me ages to settle in in college down there . 
  like what the fuck is `` d'bh\u00edos '', 
  an unholy marriage of incompetence , apathy , ideology and racism but definitely not genocide . 
  no respectable historian thinks the english govt were trying to genocide the irish . 
  cromwell definitely wanted to get rid of the irish , fortunately we do n't base our opinions of ourselves or our neighbours on puritan madmen who noone even likes anymore . 
  in response to the other guy , the english language is n't at fault for colonialism , nor are the english of today . 
  i 'd love if irish came back , it would be great for the nation but the nation is made up of people and not all of them give a shit . 
  not giving a shit is absolutely their right and i 'd rather irish died tomorrow than force it on people . 
  that 's not a very scientific view though , language and dialect are fairly arbitrary terms , and it would be fair to say that shtokavian , kajkavian , etc are different languages , but it 's purely political to say that serbian , croatian , montenegrin and bosnian are different because the political boundaries do not match any linguistic boundaries . 
  bad teaching methods , apathy , no media or opportunities to speak the language . 
  also , english is the world language , language of the internet and of us media , it 's a cultural behemoth . 
  irish does n't really stand a chance, 
  i speak irish and put a lot of effort into learning it but it 's ridiculous to assume everyone else has the same interests . 
  he can speak whatever language he wants . 
  also , language revival is n't as simple as you make it out to be . 
  only one language ( hebrew ) has ever been successfully revived . 
  i enjoyed your other posts but this one is n't fair . 
  shi'as in my experience are much more moderate than sunnis and calling ahmadis non-muslims is a cuntish thing to do . 
  ( is n't takfir forbidden anyway ? ), 
  i tend to agree with him unfortunately . 
  i think the problems run deeper than greece . 
  more or less . 
  like reckless or irresponsible . 
  do n't know if the term is used outside ireland, 
  ridiculous that you 're getting downvotes . 
  statelessness is a real issue ( i know it does n't apply in this case ), 
  they are far from identical . 
  syrian refugees are putting a huge strain on lebanese society . 
  the way greece was handled left a very sour taste in my mouth . 
  i 've gone from an avowed federalist to a cynic very quickly . 
  if the eu ca n't find a way to help greece i do n't think i 'll ever trust the eu to look after my best interests . 
  ( which is a shame , as i adore the idea and most of the reality of the eu ), 
  i agree you should be able to send him back , but your first comment made it seem like you wanted him killed for , essentially , exercising his right to free speech, 
  i 'm not afraid of more terrorist attacks in europe . 
  the chances of dying in one are vanishingly small , i 'm more likely to die in a horseriding accident . 
  i 'm far more afraid of authoritarian govts , especially right wing ones who , seeing as you mentioned it , share a goal with these terrorists in provoking conflict and divisions between muslims and non-muslims . 
  showing fear and abandoning your rights is how the terrorists are winning , not because they pose an actual threat to us ( the idea is laughable ) edit : i 'll share an anecdote ; during the troubles here , it 's said the ira deliberatey refrained from killing the radical loyalist and anti-catholic activist ian paisley as he was good publicity . 
  he made the loyalists look bad and added legitimacy to the idea that catholics were being systematically discriminated against . 
  killing him would have made him a martyr and damaged the ira 's obviously shaky argument . 
  same thing here . 
  killing him is a bad strategy ( besides being morally unjustifiable , even repugnant ), 
  in terms of the nato requirement they definitely are n't pulling their weight , but they have no real enemies and an extremely favourable geographical position . 
  they could probably get away with an even smaller military, 
  it 's not fair to say canada mooches off security , and france definitely has a strong and capable military , but otherwise i agree with your points . 
  that 's my point , any failure in europe will be latched onto by eurosceptics and any further integration will be hampered, 
  ireland , sorry should have said, 
  being condescending does n't help educate him or any of us . 
  i definitely wo n't . 
  if greece goes , i hope ireland goes too . 
   either we , as a union , get our act together or we 'll never be able to compete with other great powers . 
  i 'm afraid it 's too late . 
  the greek crisis means the end to any more europe in a lot of peoples eyes . 
  to be honest , if greece goes i want to go too . 
  this debacle has turned me from a federalist to a eurosceptic in a matter of months . 
  fuck the euro as a project if this is the best it can do . 
  we have referenda all the time and the political parties always campaign . 
  it 's par for the course . 
  what 's the difference in campaigning for a motion passed by parliament or by referendum ? 
  in korea they believe leaving a fan on while sleeping can cause asphyxiation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fan_death, 
  i for one am glad the us and china offered their opinion . 
  it 's gotten too political here and an outside voice is welcome, 
  he 's talking about varoufakis , not tsipras, 
  i agree on that count . 
  rights are useless without the institutions to enforce them , however i think it 's very childish of the spanish govt not to organise a bilateral secession . 
  the situation clearly warrants at least a referendum . 
  `` all peoples have the right of self-determination . 
  by virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic , social and cultural development . '', 
  - article 1 in both the iccpr and the icescr the fact that catalonia previously voted on the constitution is irrelevant , they are entitled t any time to exercise their right , as is every other nation . 
  the un gives the right of all peoples to self-determine , not all states . 
  a territory seceding would not jeopardise the existence of the remaining state . 
  if catalonia seceded , rspain would still exist, 
  i actually wonder what would happen in the event of an eu wide war mobilisation . 
  our neutrality is fairly sacrosanct to many but i assume we 'd have obligations to our allies . 
  that would unnecessarily piss off poland imo . 
  russians are n't the only ones living in former east prussia * edit : also it 's a bit childish anyways, 
  damn right . 
  soccer and handegg can fuck off , gaelic football is the only true football . 
  depends . 
  bertie and enda ? 
  very common . 
  brian cowen gets his full name . 
  as for presidents , michael d is always michael d ( president higgins sounds wierd ) which is sometimes used as slang for mdma . 
  maries robinson and mcaleese need their full names so it doe n't get confusing . 
  i wo n't go in to historical characters . 
  i think you 're dismissing the fsa a bit too much . 
  it 's southern affiliates in dar ` aa are taking ground and are holding strong with support from jordan . 
  they have worked with many islamists however and it 's unclear how committed they are to secularism and democracy . 
  they 're also working with the kurds in rojava, 
  leaving the euro definitely warrants a referendum . 
  here we have referenda every few years over much less important issues . 
  as an irishman , i do n't want our debt to be forgiven . 
  we can handle it . 
  i would like greece 's to be forgiven though . 
  the * gaill * know , shut it down !, 
  the ruling party will look weak if greece get a betteer deal ( do n't know why people care , i want a better deal for greece , not for ireland ), 
  paying it back is not an option if they ca n't afford to .
