i thought visegr\u00e1d 4 was mentioned more often . 
  might be the topics i visited . 
  also - adolf hitler is always an actual topic in europe : ), 
  seems like they keep juggling intra-eu migration , outside of eu migration , us migration policy and migration from muslim majority countries , and came to conclusion that limiting migration to sweden from finland will have minimal effect on limiting terror . 
  problem is that he does not write in fashion understandable for everyone . 
  theres only one furry there and its the ayatollah khomeni himself , you cant do shit, 
  this map would be very useful if i was to wage a total nuclear war, 
  good one, 
   punched and arrested . 
  i agree . 
  and then punched again at the police station, 
  without exagarating - it looks like nuclear weapon exploded nearby . 
  dude ... 
  paint ai n't easy tool to use you might have finished some fancy courses but most of us did not . 
   people are n't happy with macron , the honey moon is over and now people want to see result more than some pr-job in the media ... 
  sounds like opposite to poland , goverment throws resoult centered reforms like some sort of maniacs without proper pr . 
  so you see europe white only ? 
  that is suspicious !, 
  are you negotiating < _ < ? 
  european union is not social union . 
  so it 's not going to happen . 
  we got 3 freedoms and customs union , farming donations are already a stretch as france had fixation on this topic . 
  i blame poor sexual education for low birth rates in poland . 
  young people just lie next to each other and they do n't know what to do :(, 
   where do you think the extra population from africa will end up ? 
  [  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc_mv1ipjwa ), 
  baltic sea will be seperating poland from germany ? 
  due to raising seawater levels of 2 meters ? 
  hmm ... 
  this idea is strangely appealing , can we get the same for russian border ? 
  or make submarine - out of cheeese ... cheesemarine mmmmmmmmmm ... 
  one can use it to smuggle cheese into russia . 
  is that really you putin ? 
  cool, 
  article behind paywall , archive it or something , or give translation . 
  misleading title - it should be translated - minister radziwi\u0142\u0142 laid off consultant for ginecology . 
  dimission `` for abortion mentality '' ? 
  source is biased toward given worldview ( progressive ) - wich is ok as we need as many views as we can get . 
  but you have presented as a fact something that as it seems even the source does not know , with hope that due to lack of knowledge of polish language nobody will notice it . 
  works for poland , chechens line up nicely by the border and wait for their asylum claims to be processed . 
  mining job is actually easier part . 
  demining a mine field can cost you an arm , leg or life : | its not a laughing matter, 
  oh god of mine , what a piece of journalism . 
   `` the main difference is that migrant children carry with them more trauma , past trauma -- war , separation , loss ... a completely new country , language and social barriers , loneliness ... and the trauma of the future . 
  uncertainty in every sense , '' a god damn trauma of the future . 
  like - one can be legitimally be traumatized by something that did ' t happen . 
   beyond education , the serbian government has been expanding the legal rights of asylum seekers to access employment . 
  while refugees are often skilled engineers , computer programmers , and linguists , the possibility of attaining a job in their profession is bleak . 
  yeah ... skilled programmer that cant find a job in europe : | were they even trying writing this piece ? 
  obvious option is to let ukraine and russia reach a deal regarding crimea future that both countries can accept, 
  it was supposed to have it 's own army . 
  but so it happened that cold war broke out . 
  heh ... read the damn deal quotas are about migrants , not refugees . 
  funny how history turns out is ' t it ? 
  edit : like - stop invading them !, 
  just the opposite of penis lenght, 
  being from terrain of former prussia - i can say that lakes are definitely not crystal clear, 
  ah , i see you 're a man of culture as well, 
  ughh ... 
  i just imagined tick sucking my balls out, 
  i thought title is beggining of some sort of joke . 
   soviets actually won * -33 points * * 45 replies and 15 images omitted * its like i 'm back on 4 chan again . 
  well trolled my sir, 
  in case of poland ski jumping is popular since ma\u0142ysz . 
  skiing from a ramp toward a ledge , and flying as far as possible witout killing yourself at landing - that at least has some entertainment value . 
  water polo ? 
  not so much . 
  good for them, 
  when putin was flying toward g20 meeting lately he intentionaly flew around poland . 
  maybe we dont need to block russian goverment planes , because they dont want to fly over us to begin with . 
  for one i pledge my support to turbosexuals they are poor and super-horny people who are under represented in power structures, 
  it 's better - korwin mikke will, 
  because according to treaty we are obliged to keep them inside country . 
  and once we will accept the agreed 6000 that we are supposed to take we will have to take another few thousand each 3 months . 
  which is the reason for which other countries try to take as few as possible . 
  this deal is seriously flawed . 
  we did let refugees in and they did leave . 
  questions ? 
  yea ... 
  so everyone who is not as radical as you is a radical ? 
  poland advanced grom being mexico of europe to being missisipi of europe !, 
  what does the other half of canada think ? 
  old people dont make dank memes , they make really shitty memes in order to have dander memes we need young dank people . 
  i read somwhere recently that tax evasion specialists can are hard to fight because they are as creative as apple products . 
  but damn ... luxemburg takes it to level or rocket science, 
  does not matter , all of it goes up with the smoke anyway, 
  silesian coal is hell of a drug . 
  seems like he took a bite of extremly sour cake, 
  look at the numnber of agent smiths on right side of screen . 
  i did ' t mean it in a `` boastfull '' fashion , like - that we are just soo good at this . 
  what i meant its really bad and still not end of it . 
  when writing comment i had a though of trolling greeks with `` getting below turkey '' banter . 
  but i knew that would create shitstorm of enormus proportions , so i stuck with `` getting along with balkans '' . 
  looks like that was also too much . 
  sorry for that . 
  i dont know what the heck you are talking about , but from context it seems like you guys are streching your minds on how to replace powering your power plants with refugees intead of coal . 
  so we have just surpassed greece ? 
  out of v4 only hungary is yet to surpass them . 
  good god , and thats not even end of crisis there . 
  greece should star making friends with their balkan friends .
