  good god . 
  russian opposition has gone too far this time . 
  when looking for articles regarding trumps visit to poland and his speech i found this quite inteligent article explaining why some people were outraged by it even though it was a quite good one . 
  it tries to explain todays philosophical and moral problem some have with his speech . 
  not dank enough . 
  we learned one or two things about plumbing from them, 
  you could develop pods to carry a few marines under the wings . 
  sounds expensive though, 
  well , explain question better then . 
  issue is that you keep quality only for as long as there is legitimate competition and after competition dies you drop quality to increase profits . 
  its global phonomenon but eastern europeans are concious of it because our own industry wich was ( arguably ) coparible to western died of because of such tactic . 
  to ilustrate - there are two workplaces in town , one pays 1000 $ and other pays 2000 $ and takes unlimited amouth of workers of similar qualifications . 
  everyone goes to the second workplace until first workplace goes bankrupt . 
  once second workplace hears of that it declares that now you will earn 300 $ a month because fuck you - where are you gon na work otherwise . 
  seems like free market right ? 
  if competition appears - repeat process . 
  and thats why theres still coca cola and pepsi dominating market - even though its sugared water . 
  heh ... have not read precisely enough and did ' t get that point , sorry ; ), 
  they finance it largely from increased tax enforcment . 
  vat evasion in poland during previous goverment increased to about 24 % . 
  in greece it was 28 % for comparison , while eu avrage is about 10 % . 
  more about here : https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-06-23/if-poland-can-fix-tax-fraud-so-can-greece, 
  i mean dropped as in a bomb , it has large impact on their popularity - they realized one of their main campaign promises within few months from taking power , wich is largely unseen thing in polish politics , where party program is usually as valuable as toilet paper . 
  https://www.doctorfox.co.uk/morning-after-pill/faqs.html day-after pill we are talking about is called ellaone and it sould not be taken more often than once a menstrual cycle . 
  thats one of reasons why its on prescription . 
  tre , edited , thanks . 
  in poland there are still few issues left that could be used to build a platform like partnership union or abortion compromise . 
  problem is that many of polish feminists and gay right supporters are very much radical , and claim that if you are not as radical as them - that means you are radical cathofacist . 
  in poland pis is socialy conservative but has left wing economic platform . 
  and has just dropped 500 + program for each second and later child . 
  so you can have many combinations . 
  left - right divide begins to die in today politics in many countries . 
  because there is no left left in poland . 
  those left parties that still exist are run by 50-60 or more year old conservatives who run left-wing parties because they have read raport that they can get to parliment using that platform , and being in parliment means you get a paid job . 
  but they are not authentic figures really , gerontocracy fucking over young members , and change opinion on things every 180 days depending who is popular . 
  then they can decrease prices and increase quality , make marketing campaign and promotions , in order to deny new producer market acces . 
  once they go down revert to lesser quality goods , thats how coca-cola and pepsi are still in the buisness even though they sell non-innovative simple product . 
  and power projection from insulting your rival, 
  the idea is to place them in enviroment extremly inhostile to human . 
  once placed in krakow - if they open the door the toxic smog might kill them . 
  reason for ww1 was - france was spending too much on defence , if they did ' t they would be conquered just like that . 
  do you guys imagine how many lives would be saved if france did ' t fight ? 
  just read wiki article on \u0141ukaszenko . 
   a new belarusian constitution enacted in early 1994 paved the way for the first democratic presidential election on 23 june and 10 july . 
  six candidates stood in the first round , including lukashenko , who campaigned as an independent on a populist platform of `` defeat the mafia against the conspiracy of new world order and zionism '' . 
  [ 21 ] shushkevich and kebich also ran , with the latter regarded as the clear favorite . 
  [ 22 ] lukashenko won 45.1 % of the vote while kebich received 17.4 % , zyanon paznyak received 12.9 % and shushkevich , along with two other candidates , received less than 10 % of votes . 
  [ 22 ] lukashenko won the second round of the election on 10 july with 80.1 % of the vote . 
  [ 22 ] [ 23 ] his election program seems legit , after 2016 i beleive he won election with it . 
  belarus works and looks like socialism/communism was supposed to ( with realitively well organized capitalist additions ) . 
  looks somewhat like from 1970-85 postcard - freshly painted commieblocks , clean streets , well organized kolkhozes and glorius tractor factory im center of country - wich is pride of its citizens and main exporter of finished goods . 
  led by democraticaly elected autocrat each 4 years - autocrat wich actually has support and is not hated that much - neither good or bad , acceptable as he does not have that cult of personality attached to him . 
  some like him , some dont . 
  idea is that theres no competent replacement for him in opposition wich fights between themselves , and if they want to join west - they absolutely have no reasonable plan how to do so . 
  interesting thing in belarussian society is that they are i believe only nation in europe without distinct national conciusness we see in lets say lithuania , poland , france or other countries in europe . 
  their nationality could be described as `` citizen of this country '' , wich means that they are mostly russian , but they dont take it very seriously . 
  belarus might feel like it achieved perfection in what soviet union was supposed to and aspired to be , but they are 20 years late for party . 
  they even left flag untouched . 
  at least thats how i see belarus with my limited perspective, 
  important question - why did they draw the first 3 pictures with white flag on top of tower ? 
  should ' t there be french flag there ? 
  some sort of legitimate tradition that french dropped after ww2 ? 
  or general lazines ? 
  ok , we will take luxemburgers, 
  poles [ damn poles ... they ruin poland !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2q0t7qxets ), 
  yeah , it looks like trolling competition but on tv . 
  both sides say bullshit but presenter got mad first therefore he loses . 
  hiring bunch of bug-muscular men could make feel some women endangered of course . 
  second point - i wonder who is going to play on stage if its `` women-only '' festival , considering how many men are in this buisness . 
  female only artists ? 
  will women do all the constuction work to prepare for it ? 
  we will never know , as they fly when its dark  but it does ' t matter - its financed by eu founds propably / s, 
  i 'm litteraly shaking right now d :, 
  we did not . 
  check your facts, 
  what is not true - pis is not 100 % anti abortion , there was a bill forbiding abortion and it was rejected , they also published their stance on matter - wich means your claim in factually untrue . 
  goverment did ' t give priviledges to church , they were given 20 + years ago . 
  there are no more religion classes than physics chemistry and others - maybe in first classes of primary school - but thats because there are no physics , chemisty or biology then . 
  instead theres subject called `` nature '' or other depending on current curriculum - as kids wont understand those subjects yet . 
  and so on and so on - basically - you are making up things left and right , as it looks you dont understand what you are talking about . 
  i guess you were feed those non facts by someone and you belive in them on face-value . 
  double check your information . 
  wow , you know most of what you wrote is bullshit , wich means just opposite to facts . 
  someone might have bambozeled you . 
  as for catholic church - each and every party in power has followed this doctrine, 
  you need to cut sleep to 3 hours a day . 
  might be tough , i know , but comments on reddit wont post themselves, 
  to tell my opinion - there are ' t much happening in poland that would validate backslash we are recieving . 
  what the heck is wrong with article title ? 
  does nyt think they are yoda or something ? 
  as for content of article - agenda pushing bulshit as expected . 
  does ' t give insight into whats happening . 
  poland can into taxses !, 
  maybe enough taxses poland buy rocket into space : d no more poverty !, 
  rich space poland !, 
  dude , you have just compared logging operation to holocaust . 
  this ranking will be the end of trump campaign, 
  guy called falco shitposted polandball on krautchan some decade ago . 
  asked why he did it upside down he said : because it looked like pokebal lol,
