  you had sex . 
  you have adoption agencies around . 
  you have no excuses . 
  choice ? 
  you could always prevent conception . 
  and you could always give the baby up for adoption . 
  but yeah , the human right to life does take precedence over your wish to end your child 's life . 
  funny thing about liberty . 
  it does n't mean licence to do what you want . 
  i do n't have kill anyone . 
  the baby is already in a womb . 
  your denial is not my problem . 
  because obviously the fetus has no parents . 
  and fuck the child , right ? 
  and they are your child . 
  whether a census counts them or not . 
  they 're just in your womb . 
  you 're repeating yourself . 
  whatever delusional language you use that ` cell dump ' is already your child . 
  they already are alive . 
  and you are killing them . 
  oh but last time i checked women have wombs . 
  i guess we 'll have to concede to reality instead of passing hot potato like a bunch of pricks, 
  [ picture of a foetus ] ( http://www.davidchapman.org.uk/oak%20sapling.htm ) the only onbligation of women is set down in law . 
  so i 'll ignore that point . 
  and that metaphor is terrible . 
  there is no shortage of wombs when the child is already in one . 
  men do n't get to kill their children last time i checked . 
  whether you like it or not when you have an abortion , you kill a child . 
  if it were a legitimate reason that 's fine . 
  but ' i forgot ' is always the first excuse . 
  i 'm not buying that women are more virtuous than men . 
  so i bet the real reason for most women is : because i think abortion is contraception . 
  a human 's right to life is more important than some attempt to make a parallel between being pregnant and a right to not be harmed or used . 
  you are n't your baby 's body . 
  and last i checked everyone was a baby once . 
  instead of fuck those kids , let 's kill them ? 
  i 'm aghast at how people think it 's okay to believe the child would prefer to die because the public will let the mother hate and neglect them that much . 
  it 's one reason why i think avowed no-exceptions pro-choice types are twisted . 
  the mothering instinct is an instinct . 
  abusing your child is a grotesque evil, 
  aha , there we go . 
  now that you answered me directly i 'll overcome the next boulder . 
  it does n't matter what you think . 
  there are plenty of parts of the welfare system that are diluted by mass immigration . 
  a lot of it is already limited and rationed before any reforms occurred : the number of beds in uk nhs hospitals for example or indeed the total number of hospitals, 
  we brought 9/11 on ourselves !, 
  i am tired of this reductivist bullshit being used to whip the public in to silence . 
  how about you expect muslims to not be shitty instead of going all ` butwhatabout ' . 
  even the thickest child knows * murder , rape and religious bigotry is an evil that only you are responsible for * . 
  edit : as a side note , you also know fuck all about islamic history . 
  those famously tolerant ottomans were all for butchering ismali shi'ites and qizilbash sympathizers in their borders when it suited them . 
  quite a few pashas were quite eager to paint anatolian villages red with the blood of non-existent ` heretics ' . 
  anyone forget the child levy , where christian children specifically were ripped from their homes and forced in to islam ? 
  or were 16th century janissaries inspired by 1980 's american propaganda to the mujahideen ? 
  you are a terrible listener . 
  i 'll repeat myself for the * fourth time * , pinko . 
  maybe you 'll get it . 
  the dilution of welfare payments per capita by mass immigration hurt the poor . 
  actual budget cuts and reforms are a different part of the welfare problem . 
  i suppose since the headscarf was by the 20th century effectively dead across europe its use by muslims has been closely related to the repugnant religious laws , rape incidents , terrorism and existential hatred of the west by muslims, 
  because you refuse to entertain the ideas that mass immigration dilutes social welfare for each person and worsens the wealth distribution . 
  yeah that ol hijab where women expose their upper chest and shoulders to non-family members, 
  look , mate . 
  my comment clearly delineates the social welfare cuts and the delution by immigration as two seperate issues . 
  but i 'm done convincing the willingly deaf . 
  and yet that has n't been the case in the last ten years . 
  instead income support has been shared with hostile newcomers and the green times have ended for social security everywhere, 
  at least you have a twisted supremacist outlook and not a twisted self-hating outlook, 
  lies , damned lies and statistics, 
  muslim polar bears, 
  no , your jokes just are n't funny, 
  i 'm not laughing, 
  you could , but that would be absolute sophistry, 
  yeah real nice moral high ground , bud, 
  any number of non-conformists and whistleblowers that get in the way of the military-industrial complex, 
  vote hillary clinton , or donald trump will kill all muslims !, 
  does n't get any better than a white knight . 
  they repel even the most steadfast profligate, 
  ahh , the unexpected benefits of racism ? 
  that implies less people are marrying now because more men see it as a con act . 
  which it is . 
  we do , but let 's decrease unemployment first * and then see what happens to the birth rate *, 
  then you have serious demons to settle out, 
  they refer to this as the paradox of tolerance . 
  there is no paradox . 
  if you tolerate the intolerant you 're an accessory to it . 
  and that 's untrue . 
  the passive-agressive arrogance of avowed leftists astounds me . 
  no wonder europe is making such a rightward turn . 
  it 's not only your tin-ear to the migrant crisis , you want to attack anyone annoyed about this example of injustice as neo-nazis . 
  you 're all dictatorial emotional children . 
  you ca n't be trusted with political power . 
  30 % of germans today do n't support nazi crimes happening today, 
  oh goody the spirit of chamberlain is almost here !, 
  and what a venerable good it was for the world !, 
  as for / u/modernbenomi 's quote , how would these people ever be bastards if they were n't islamic ? 
  it 's sad all these self-hating europeans finding any way to act supine towards a hostile and hateful element in our modern society, 
  as opposed to the strawman narrative about / r/europe ? 
  damn those neo-nazi racists !,
