this theory is all very good . 
  but brittle intolerance is its own virtue no ruler stepped back when he knew he could whip a bitch 's arse to shreds, 
  that 's gaslighting . 
  literally calling him delusional and directly refuting him in total contradiction to what is happening on this thread . 
  `` there is no migrant problem '', 
  he endlessly calls me a troll . 
  it 's a sign that he knows he 's lost , so he 's shit-talking me to obscure what 's really going on to outsiders . 
  you 're acting very erratically . 
  first he is attacking and undermining you directly , as he has me . 
  but now you 're arguing that i should be reflecting , reconsidering , improving and evaluating my opinion ? 
  this is not how one should react to die-hard apologist foaming at the mouth . 
  it smacks of appeasement and defeatism , not common sense or rationality, 
  anyone who resists you , you personally attack and bully . 
  just like now why are you allowed to continue posting ? 
  you 're obviously a horrible person, 
  you seem to be some kind of provocateur aggressively attacking anyone pointing out the migrant crisis and its ill-effects . 
  i remember being harassed by you earlier today and now you 're picking on this guy . 
  your ill-conceived slander is getting tiresome . 
  how do you get away with it for so long ? 
  you 're entire comment is such a generic whinge , it could be inserted anyone at anytime , anywhere . 
  it 's just a shitty carpet bombing tactic by a loser who does n't want to deal with the issue at hand : afd 's political values and whether they 're good or not, 
  holy astroturfing batman , this comment tree is cancer !, 
  i 'm in agreement with a good section of germans . 
  they have my full support . 
  you 're just spiteful because i 'm across the political spectrum from you , nothing else . 
  although your spineless deference to schmerkelism is quite sad, 
  nah , i 'm laughing at a bunch of left-wing germans . 
  plenty of right-wing ones would think your response a poor , whingy aping by a bitter sycophant who ca n't accept outside criticism, 
  putin is making a fool of everyone, 
   especially because its likely to force one parent to stay at home . 
  likely the mother . 
  and what is bad about it exactly ? 
   i would really like to know how you just happen to know germans so much better than me ? 
  i do n't . 
  it 's obviously a touchy subject for germans though , as you 're back to whining about lederhosen than the actual idea behind the picture, 
  you have n't answered my question . 
  do you believe traditional western-style nuclear families with 2-3 or more kids and a white majority is bad ? 
  because that 's what afd wants , and i 'm inclined to believe it 's a good future direction i do know it 's an attempted caricature . 
  your overanalysis of it is pretty typical of far-left theology though . 
  i want you to tell me if you think the family presented is not a good ideal . 
  sans gun would be preferable to me , but broadly it 's an improvement on the unnatural , self-loathing , regressive attitudes of modern germany, 
  so it 's a stereotype . 
  which is what he was denying . 
  and now you 're saying i 'm denying it ? 
  i seem confused . 
  do you guys just want to say traditional families with more kids and a white majority are bad ? 
  well go on . 
  stop wasting my time !, 
  no-strings sex is n't that hard to have . 
  i suppose you 've had more difficulty than i ? 
  `` stop lecturing me ! '', 
  the attitude of meth-heads , winos and screw-ups everywhere, 
  no incentive to look good for a woman if i do n't want a marriage, 
  yeah , it is exaggerating things that are n't there . 
  it 's a stereotype of an ideal . 
  and i 'd rather it be the real stereotype of germany than anyone like you . 
  now get over yourself , please . 
  it is n't a stereotype if it 's precise and not exaggerated . 
  and it 's a stereotype of an ideal , not a reality . 
  get over yourself . 
  i 'm getting bored of these kinds of comments . 
  i 'd say denying this stereotypical nationalist german image is german is a sign you 're uncomfortable with your germanness . 
  your word games are really distasteful and bitter . 
  i think there 's something wrong with the german psyche right now . 
  you 're destroying your entire identity by importing a wave of culturally imperialistic foreigners who have no desire to integrate because you 're afraid you 're going to turn in to hitler otherwise . 
  it 's the same reason why you have such a phobia of inflation even though inflation would reduce the need for internal devaluation in the south . 
  it 's reactionary , nothing else . 
  it just happens to be a left wing reaction . 
  i will look in to becoming a ten if the incentive is there, 
  or beer and battered fish, 
  ireland can take that glory . 
  but we can do the cooking . 
  we have questionable cuisine but great cooks, 
  if i 'm british i can open a fish and chip shop ? 
  it 's some of the only good cuisine we have, 
  also they 're written plvs vltra, 
  maybe there 's a way to make a common sprachbund redevelop . 
  although there 's the fearsome problem where estonian is developing along the line of proto-indo-european . 
  soon they 'll stop agglutinating , begin using grammatical gender and all their words will undergo stem mutation . 
  hah , there is no escape !, 
  there is nothing more unjust than well-meaning insanity, 
  could you be even more patronising ? 
  i 'm sure it will totally convince people how unfeasible it is, 
  then procedure must be changed . 
  and to hell with blockers !, 
  if i would i 'd sit every syrian troublemaker in a minefield and be done with it . 
  but perfect solutions do n't exist so we had best block and deter migrants now, 
  it does n't get worse than mohacs and trianon . 
  you have underdog points , put it that way, 
  if the austrian laws imply anything , we should only allow asylum for persecution . 
  the only way to end the crisis , on a completely frank note , is continuous mass deportation to country of origin until the immigrants have wasted all their money, 
  you only do n't see the socialism because you 're an avowed socialist . 
  it 's like background radiation to you, 
  if i have to choose between racists swedes in fucking sweden who think coloured people smell funny and that the british ca n't cook versus islamists who support fgm , child marriage , taharrush and killing israeli civilians you bet i 'm choosing the first . 
  these are not unrealistic assumptions about who we 're dealing with . 
  many in the green party would have you believe that sd is an army of breivik clones out to gun down somalis for kicks . 
  if they 're that insane then why should i care about their bellowing ? 
  honestly the left are letting in anyone . 
  and we really mean anyone to support themselves in elections . 
  they are shameful .
