  humans are animals . 
  but to say having a child is in no way beneficial for the parent is just stupidity . 
  also you do n't use terms correctly . 
  you just insist you do and play semantic games . 
  you 're an artful dodger , nothing else, 
  you need to keep up with the news . 
  anyone thinking this misguided policy of banning sex work is n't the work of feminists is kidding themselves . 
  it is about limiting access to sex and it is a europe-wide push . 
  a push that will end up in more sex abuse , more victimless crimes and more andropathy . 
  there are much worse leftist policies that need to be deconstructed currently . 
  this is some gish gallop . 
  you could n't even back down on that unborn child = parasite insanity , even though an unborn child could realize they continue their mother 's lineage, 
  you should read the comment you 're responding to, 
  as opposed to the cliche-spouting pit-stain who sounds like he should be on / r/circlebroke ? 
  you antagonize people on reddit . 
  wake up and smell your b.o. 
  i bet you 're one of those obese keyboard warrior types who goes on about ` muh cringe ' all the time, 
  i 'm not kowtowing to religious requirements under any circumstances . 
  and i 'll make sure that i am important enough that they dare not try it, 
  there we go . 
  the sad truth, 
  because they did n't check themselves, 
  or he 's scared of violent islamism . 
  never attribute to malice to what can be attributed to stupidity, 
  interesting argument . 
  i would hardly call 50 's america centrist . 
  every status quo is centrist according to the overton window, 
  you 're not discussing . 
  you 're waving gibberish at me . 
  and yes , you are right . 
  when nobody is to blame * i do n't blame anyone * . 
  and there is harm done . 
  someone 's life just ended and another killed them . 
  and stop imagining some new boundary of what makes a child, 
  so now we 're playing the dictionary definition game . 
  and with the first result from google no less . 
  semantics aside a parasite benefits at the expense of the other . 
  that human developing inside * is helping to continue the species , with the mother 's genes . 
  * there is no benefit there ? 
  sounds mutualistic to me . 
  by your metric a baby and a young child are also parasites , which is also stupid . 
  and by your logic means killing anyone who is dependent upon others , like the terminally ill , the mentally ill , the severely disabled and others is acceptable too . 
  why is it all pro-abortion activists always end up sounding like eugenicists ? 
  probably because eugenicists promoted it . 
  nobody was stripped of their autonomy . 
  this is n't an organ donation . 
  immaculate conception does n't exist . 
  and we are not talking about rape ( which is acceptable for abortion , just ) . 
  they had sex and the consequence was a child . 
  you do n't have a moral right to kill someone because you made a mistake . 
  and avoid saying non seguitur ( sic ) and demonstrably false . 
  you obviously do n't use those phrases correctly . 
  they 're not just rhetorical devices to pretend you 're correct, 
  they call it a miscarriage because it 's a death of natural causes from a child unable to live autonomously . 
  that 's not the same as killing them on purpose, 
  yes and until that embryo was aborted they were growing in to an adult . 
  all you 're doing now is hiding behind your sophistry and it is getting old, 
  except nobody 's integrity is under threat and the fetus is not a parasite . 
  so there is no ` harm ', 
  first : a skin culture is not growing in to an adult human second : abortion is the act of killing an unborn child . 
  not of an unborn child dying from natural causes . 
  spare me your false sympathy , you ogre . 
  third : appeal to ridicule ? 
  you spout legalese in an attempt to trap me . 
  but it does betray your ignorance . 
  in fact it is illegal to expose unborn children to dangerous substances , especially drugs , in some jurisdictions ** and it is enforced ** . 
  and in fact ** you are right !, 
  if a fetus survives the death of their mother intact , they can be given up for adoption , can inherit and get a legal guardian apart from their parents ** funny thing about a child dying from natural causes . 
  ** they do n't charge the mother with manslaughter then either . 
  ** that was a sloppy , sloppy trap, 
  but i did not just say that , did i ? 
  so that 's dumb . 
  a skin culture is not growing in to an adult human . 
  if the fertilized egg dies for natural reasons . 
  that 's unfortunate but it happens . 
  that fertilized egg is the child of two people, 
  an unfertilized egg does n't have the full set of genes , so it is not any person yet and naturally exits the body during menstruation without any issue if it stays in that state . 
  it has no chance of becoming human . 
  a fertilized egg i 'm not touching without a good reason . 
  it does work a lot . 
  especially when they 're trying to say wacky stuff like a human fetus is in the same category as a potato but feel free to be stubborn . 
  i 'm not here to deny anyone 's humanity, 
  no , i asked you . 
  are we saying an unfertilized egg ? 
  unfertilized ? 
  not really as a fetus is on the path to becoming an adult human . 
  sperm provide dna to make a human . 
  they have no life cycle . 
  you seem to think that a human fetus and a human are as different as a potato and a human . 
  you know how stupid you sound , right ? 
  keep up . 
  and so that means sperm are n't children . 
  last time i checked children get born . 
  last time i checked a human fetus becomes a human adult, 
  so are you saying potatoes turn in to adult humans ? 
  you know i 've said that abortion is n't muder many times, 
  do sperm get born ? 
  did you read the second paragraph ? 
  you did n't acknowledge it that 's certain there are no grey zones . 
  barring some natural attrition those children are developing and the end point is a natural human .
