  probably . 
  as i said before we should end this, 
  only bizarre loonies have ever thought that abortion did n't mean killing an unborn human child . 
  only you decide to keep coming back . 
  nobody was abused here . 
  you just hate hearing this simple fact poured down your ear . 
  you do n't like it . 
  and here i 'm speaking about western europe . 
  you are aware of the comment i was responding to originally ? 
  of course i think no abortion no exceptions is stupid . 
  not even adult humans amount to very much, 
  one line i 'd draw is if it threatens the life of the mother . 
  life for life is never a fair trade . 
  there are moral and parental obligations to your unborn child whether you deny them or not . 
  last timed i checked we were all cell clumps . 
  but who heard of a human fetus becoming a fully adult human anyway ? 
  a young human being below the age of puberty or below the legal age of majority . 
  abortion is killing your child . 
  and abortion as contraception is wicked as far as i am concerned . 
  and you disagree . 
  i think we have no reason to continue . 
  you wo n't convince me . 
  and you wo n't be convinced, 
  murder is illegal killing . 
  abortion is n't illegal . 
  what 's disgusting is you do n't want to see abortion for what it is : killing your child, 
  the law is never fixed, 
  and killing children for contraceptive purposes is wrong . 
  bundle of cells again . 
  aha , so you 're not the parent of the children you kill ? 
  if you 're having an abortion and you 're not trying to kill a fetus , you 're not doing it right . 
  when the motivation is no better than ` contraception ' though , fuck that . 
  this is just another spin on the ` bundle of cells ' argument, 
  agreed . 
  we are n't going to convince anyone here and now of anything . 
  good day, 
  does n't mean i want it dead, 
  instead you 're violating the child 's right to life , nevermind bodily autonomy . 
  it 's almost like aborting children is a tough , complex moral dilemma . 
  no , i think this is just getting started . 
  abortion is the last vile branch of the eugenics movement that needs putting down . 
  some day killing unborn children will be illegal . 
  the march of a truly regressive form of ` progress ' needs to end . 
  or killing your child . 
  so compassionate . 
  it 's almost like people have to take actual responsibility for the human life developing inside them ? 
  so what you 're saying is that when killing is n't muder , it is n't illegal . 
  that makes sense , since murder is illegal killing . 
  women are also people when they do n't get to kill their unborn child too . 
  was the child magicked in to your womb ? 
  because i 'm not a piece of shit who thinks stopping immigration and killing my elders is somehow equivalent . 
  jesus christ do you know how toxic you 're being ? 
  as for taxes : that has its own costs . 
  curtailing immigration is less costly . 
  or you could give the child up for adoption and not have to kill anyone . 
  and as i 've said that leads to grotesque injustice no matter how ` fair ' it first sounds . 
  individual freedom does n't exist without the right to life . 
  last time i checked no fetuses were volunteering to die . 
  being as the state can encourage actual contraception to kill the need for backroom abortions and ban abortion then yes it can actually ban abortion all they like there too and quite effectively . 
  last time i checked though murder is illegal . 
  do people still murder ? 
  yup . 
  nobody hands the baby a womb . 
  the baby ca n't go past the zygote stage without a womb . 
  the baby ca n't exist without womb having been present . 
  unless you 're saying organ donation means you wake up in some siamese situation sharing kidneys i do n't see your point, 
  abortion : nobody dies , except the child, 
  because they are killing them . 
  and they feel bad because it 's wrong . 
  and therefore because a fetus needs a womb and ** nobody else needs that womb to themselves to live ** then the fetus has a right to it as long as they need it . 
  now excuse me . 
  i 'm done with your insane contortions . 
  it does n't matter because of what i said after . 
  what kind of child selectively quotes like that only to then add the rest of the quote later ? 
  you think nobody is going to look up four inches and find my answer ? 
  you are aware governments have these things called budgets right ? 
  many immigrants are a drain on the public purse . 
  there is n't money falling from the sky . 
  you want a high standard of welfare ? 
  cut immigration . 
  until leftists accept this they will bleed support from every pore . 
  and i thought republicans were stubborn . 
  so instead of giving someone a kidney you 're actually saying someone can take away a kidney because ... nobody 's life is under threat ? 
  you are right . 
  it is pathetic . 
  but it 's the original definition i 'd say : i feel pity for the unborn . 
  murder roughly means illegal killing . 
  contraceptive abortion is sadly legal . 
  but i know people feel guilty for killing anyway . 
  why is it people are so quick to apply the language of eugenics ? 
  because of course , whoever saw a fetus become a fully grown adult ? 
  and did the fetus just appear in the woman 's womb . 
  they 're the child of someone . 
  the son and daughter of someone . 
  except their unborn child . 
  you are disturbing . 
  you seem to have made this fantasy where it 's women vs men on the issue of abortion . 
  i 'm not doing this because god says so or because i hate women or because demographics are shit . 
  i 'm defending the lives of unborn humans because i believe in the right of humans to live . 
  you made a mistake ?
