   that 's a pretty hefty assumption . 
  as is this study 's foundation . 
  the country is a socialist bum-house . 
  it was what dug it in to such a hole in the first place . 
  you do n't see ireland or latvia in this shitfaced situation do you ? 
  why ? 
  because they 're * neoliberal * , whatever that means . 
  when i hear the world neoliberal i think of people who think the solow model of growth or tariff reform is a capitalist conspiracy . 
  am i wrong in thinking this ? 
  because we ca n't honestly be advocating a return to marxist moronism . 
  hold up . 
  is sweden next to syria ? 
  are these refugees or benefits tourists ? 
  oh you say that , but i 'd rather be with a bunch of sweden democrats than the green party . 
  they 're less likely to persecute you for your beliefs . 
  we 're deep in social justice territory now , so this should n't come across as an ironic statement or a surprise . 
  you sound like a spittle-flecked religious maniac . 
  proof that * what you do is just as important as what you fight for , you lunatic *, 
  this has nothing to do with how correct your beliefs may be . 
  you 're no different to any other person who thought that because he was righteous he should be a vicious idiot . 
  now stop spamming my inbox, 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  i was telling him that retards can be objectively wise . 
  not that he was dumber than a retard . 
  now that is a compliment to retards, 
  polish sarcasm . 
  for when being concussed by a brick is n't hard enough, 
  your petulant over-confidence is making me cringe, 
  you know what incites violence even more ? 
  large groups of unemployed people persecuted for their beliefs . 
  and you know that applies even if their beliefs are distasteful . 
   really ? 
  really . 
  you did n't get my original point . 
  ** the euro is n't any good **, 
  even a stopped clock is right twice a day . 
  the euro is a disaster . 
  and germany is the only one benefiting . 
  of course the germaniums are calling him a fool . 
  he could end their gravy train, 
  i agree . 
  you know i might occasionally give a wooden nickel about eastern european complaints about the roma if they were n't constantly emulating the roma 's worst supposed traits . 
  that 's the problem when our best teams are all foreigners . 
  but by 2020 your entire country will be foreigners . 
  so it balances out, 
  bitch , please . 
  everyone knows why he was calling them traitors . 
  and it was for appeasing religious fascists following an alien culture of hatred . 
  since sweden banned the purchase of sex i 'm sure they have a booming trade in sex trafficking anyway . 
  but of course since it 's underground trafficking they 'll report it as a reduction in prostitution . 
  any number of lies and half-truths can not excuse this . 
  here , have some borscht, 
  that 's my fetish, 
  what do the finnish whip ? 
  presumably they think that because you 're american you 're still whipping slaves in your backyard or whatever, 
  he does n't need to live in a country to know its culture . 
  you 're confusing correlation with direct link, 
  affirmative action is a pretty slimy way of saying racist quotas . 
  i hope everyone uses that phrase from now on . 
  they ca n't call us all ` literally stormfront ', 
  individual liberty is the best european value that has swept the continent . 
  there is not a nation in europe that has not given at least groups people defined rights in accordance with some kind of natural law since the 15th century . 
  and we helped to develop the rule of law like no other continent has . 
  to abandon it we 'd be heading in to another pre-imperial roman crisis , filled with spasms of internal unrest and a slow but perceptible decline masked by displays of authoritarian grandeur . 
  our society would rot long before our economy does . 
  which country, 
  then you 're a [ bad native speaker ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beyond_the_pale ) ` mate ', 
  beyond the pale means worse, 
  heroin and coke are foul products . 
  but meth is beyond the pale . 
  unless you 're including galicia as an ancient legal technicality, 
  key phrase is england  castille, 
  so was portugal for a brief spell during the 17th ( ? ), 
  century . 
  and scotland is trying its damned hardest to get free . 
  also england  castille, 
  because if spain was separated from the mainland by a channel , we 'd call it the spanish channel, 
  he is allowed to comment on it, 
  i do n't like to brag, 
  i use my own judgment . 
  but i guess that idea never crossed your mind, 
  in light of the migrant crisis the german media is n't just neutered , they had a full blown penectomy, 
  feminism is cancer * tips fedora *, 
  so if the child is beneficial , how are they a parasite ? 
  kek, 
  the irony, 
  someone 's own words can not indicate their bias ? 
  give me some of that kool aid son, 
  and you decide he did n't read it on what evidence ? 
  this is god of the gaps bs . 
  all the links to the research are dead . 
  and anything asserted without evidence can be rejected without evidence, 
  stop claiming to know what he did . 
  it 's psychotic . 
  you keep saying trope like you want this to be true . 
  why should anyone trust your objectivity ? 
  you 're saying a lot of shit you ca n't prove, 
  your account name is extremely unfitting, 
  i thought they were connecting to sweden , not finland, 
  if there 's anyone who could realize that the sexes are naturally in competition without needing to say ` muh virgin fedoras ' or ` muh white males ' that would be much appreciated,
