  they refuse to check their privilege !, 
  i dispute your original generalization, 
  then the same one can be made w/out guilt, 
  can confirm . 
  the only good places in france are provincial towns . 
  anywhere with a hint of paris stinks as hard as the purse-snatchers under the eiffel tower, 
  you should see a difference between joke and playground bullying, 
  that remark plays in to ukip 's hands, 
  deportation en masse would be more effective, 
  and wages increase . 
  and shopkeepers set prices higher . 
  and so the nominal erosion of value becomes meaningless in the long run, 
  inflation is driven by two things in britain : individual pricing and wage-bargaining decisions and the bank of england . 
  neither of which is a parliamentary toy . 
  so back off the lsd son, 
  so what you 're saying is a not-default not-devaluation is cheating a creditor because they do n't get back as much money as expected ? 
  shit , soon you 'll tell me inflation is daylight robbery . 
  because that 's what made uk debt cheaper . 
  and it is n't devaluation either . 
  the pound is a floating currency . 
  the word you 're looking for is depreciation, 
  that is not defaulting, 
  i am amazed that people do n't realize that the interest rate in spain was set for germany because of the euro , which has caused far more trouble than good since it was introduced . 
  of course it was going to create a destructive bubble it is n't just about spending less . 
  it 's about your whole economy . 
  there 's more than one way to break a nation, 
  it 's time to retake saxony, 
  stop being overdramatic . 
  you 're just an asshole, 
  more a. . . bloviating boor, 
  it 's good because terrorism satisifies my moralism boner for self-hatred, 
  i am willing to side with akp , as long as akp sides with europe . 
  thanks bro . 
  i appreciate this, 
  i want out . 
  if the government can not tell us the truth they do n't want to accept the consequences . 
  we must make them . 
  you have a good day, 
  ah so now you 're conceding it may only partially succeed ? 
  i wo n't bother defending supine concessions by merkel . 
  they will fail . 
  and they always invite more bullying, 
  and quit projecting, 
  do n't be so unbearably smug, 
  read the rest of the comment, 
  a deal with no chance of realizing its goal solely conceived to give the image of progress that does not solve the present problem of greece 's inundation is not meant to help greece . 
  she cares about her pride more than greece . 
  rape apologists are really common dontcha know ? 
  it 's paatriarchy 's fault, 
   implying merkel wants it stopped, 
  is stare rape a thing in sweden ? 
  then we add norway , convince denmark to join , nick flanders and form the north sea alliance, 
  a vulgarian empire , if you will, 
  i think you are so persisitent in pretending i am a nazi because you are personally insecure . 
  i do n't know why , but being as you keep saying butthurt i think you were probably bullied as a child or teenager and think identifying with whoever you think is ` good ' and charging like a bull at a red cloth helps to make you feel big when in reality you 're a delusional whiner pretending he 's got some upper hand because a random autistic on reddit keeps replying to his silly comments . 
  here endeth the psychoanalysis, 
  so brave edit : haha , delusional bitchboy deleted the last comments . 
  got them printscreen / u/damir33, 
  what 's really butthurt is doing it and then making that comeback , / u/damir33, 
  you thought i praised fascists . 
  take your own advice, 
  no , i 'm calling you a delusional idiot . 
  they 're two very different things, 
  i 'm the one asking for it numbnuts . 
  and i got it elsewhere in the thread . 
  now go scurry off, 
  i asked for evidence . 
  i praised no one . 
  do n't fall off that high horse though . 
  you 'll break all your bones, 
  schrodinger 's race card, 
  jesu , they 're the real deal the cunts, 
  rather than give me evidence you 're gon na try shaming me ? 
  either add something or shut up, 
  i am open to being convinced . 
  do n't throw that in my face, 
  hillary clinton has met with a former member of the kkk . 
  is this guilt by association ? 
  i 'm sure hammurabi has a more forward-thinking legal mind than you, 
  i wo n't be asking the finnish about aesthetics any time soon, 
  does n't help with the verb controvert floating around . 
  yesterday cnn ran an article calling trump a neo-nazi saluter . 
  you know i 've seen a few images of these guys but i want you to hand me more evidence . 
  everyone right of the uk conservative party has been called a neo-nazi . 
  you could be right , bt this point it means little, 
  go build a wall, 
  he 'd be preparing to colonise korea, 
  we hitler now, 
  astounding retort . 
  good . 
  because i accept rotherham is a failure of my government . 
  you ca n't accept the banlieues as one . 
  why should i care what * you * think is valuable ? 
  you do n't say anything, 
  i think he wanted him out of the way . 
  he 'd never touch it directly . 
  carl b has no integrity . 
  he 's the kind of man whose only strong ideals are from something he heard his mother say as a child . 
  he 's a profiteer and the policies he 's supported were for personal enrichment and power . 
  he sells his country 's security to american interests .
