  he 's a simple psychopath . 
  olof palme was in his way, 
  and voting to leave the eu is a choice made on a ballot, 
  i always thought it was that muppet who kept whining about julian assange . 
  what was his name , carl bildt ? 
  he always felt like the inspiration for that psychopathic shadow elite in the girl with the dragon tattoo stories, 
  it 's resentment . 
  you 're the one defending the eu dream, 
  these catty insults were the last red light, 
  your capital is quickly becoming a monument to the failure of multiculturalism, 
  more the husband is divorcing a poisonous bitch and her brood, 
  aye now if the germans liberalised services the uk would care about staying, 
  so you 're telling me your father would have not found any job in ten years if schengen did n't exist ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're mad or hate your father !, 
  and this bad logic goes on and on . 
  you sure do hate your own country 's survival, 
  he 'd throw it away at the first expedient, 
  oh great . 
  more threats from the continent . 
  i * really sure * want to stay now, 
  only after brexit . 
  and only if norway sends more christmas trees, 
  you know breaking with the left-wing over the last four years has been a painful experience , what with everyone calling me literally hitler . 
  but it looks like it 's about to pay off . 
  and that upsets me the most of all, 
  it 's in london now . 
  with brexit it would get even worse . 
  it is a stereotype , but in most times germans do n't like to rock the boat . 
  that does make problems when their chosen pilot makes a systematic error . 
  i 'll answer for myself , thank you . 
  we want out because your commitment to free trade is lip-service , your migration policy is a mess , your democratic institutions are a sham , your insistence that we integrate tighter to such a stupid , incompetent organisation is laughable . 
  and the euro is such an economic shambles it 's almost a crime . 
  i am . 
  because they 're an antidote to hyped-up scaremongering bullshit . 
  we ca n't threaten you . 
  it 's your problem you tried bullying us . 
  japan 's public debt is sky-high . 
  that 's a drag on growth . 
  we know our size . 
  remember yours . 
  that is n't what god complex means , fellow atheist, 
  explains a lot . 
  why else would a slovak have a god complex ? 
  i 'd rather fuck a near-corpse . 
  oh wait , we already are !, 
  that 's from staying in the eu, 
  the walking dead, 
  the uk is threatening the eu ? 
  how ?!, 
  there is n't a day that goes by without europeans reminding us we 're not an empire anymore . 
  if the uk leaves , how long will the eu last ? 
  and from what i see the whole eu could do with all those same exceptions . 
  unless self-destructive spinelessness is how the eu wishes to be remembered . 
  this is the second comment chain you told me this . 
  keep to the first, 
  so his numbers are true but that does n't back up his argument because his numbers are n't true ? 
  and no integration fantasy . 
  did n't stop hungary or denmark . 
  and they are n't mulling an exit, 
  so what you 're saying is we should focus on the person who made the argument , not what they said ? 
  are you actually advocating for the use of ad hominem ? 
  what you 're saying is we should n't use the right numbers because the impression you give is more important than reality ? 
  you seem fine with switzerland doing it . 
  appears i 've struck a nerve :d, 
  and eea countries share the cet with the eu . 
  your point ? 
  or norway . 
  so we 're threatening , bitchy and malicious but you do n't hate us . 
  man i was on the money with the abusive spouse metaphor . 
  brexit it is . 
  no , it 's the last straw . 
  european politicians making threats , bitchy media across the eu and the spite and malice of too many continentals has spoiled my europhilia and now i want out . 
  there 's no way i want brotherhood with a bunch of people who hate me . 
  was i talking about exchange rates specifically ? 
  because we were discussing [ interest rate changes ] ( http://www.afr.com/news/economy/monetary-policy/swedish-central-bank-lowers-repo-rate-further-into-negative-territory-20160211-gms0yz ) dear swede , i will admit your monetary policy works , but it is monetary policy, 
  if the eu wants to make more enemies , go ahead, 
  i get the feeling from this comment section that all of the eu is like a salty abusive wife who is angry that the husband might think he is better off divorced . 
  well okay , i 'll vote for brexit then . 
  but it did n't . 
  it would be monetary policy that raised gdp , masking the welfare payment increase under a rise above the gdp trend . 
  increases in welfare spending are strictly non-productive . 
  unless you want the greece route of internal devaluation, 
  congratulations , sweden has invented monetary policy !, 
  expansionary monetary policy boosts investment, 
  totally expected by expansionary monetary policy . 
  the current year . 
  fund ukrainian military options with materiel and goods beyond the current level . 
  swarm the area with special forces ( since we 're doing sweet f-all in libya we should have spares laying around ) and start looking at the chechens whilst constantly and politely repeating our desire to leave russia lone at the cost to them of full ukrainian territorial integrity both publicly and in private, 
  do n't buy that dichotomy, 
  sitting on our hands , committing little force ... 
  i 'd say we are, 
  ` kicking out mexicans ' and deporting illegal immigrants are two very different things . 
  every day we 're making putin 's day, 
  like blair is almost stalin dohoho ~, 
  declare independence . 
  make europe 's day, 
  circlejerk aside , donald trump is as far from jmlp as jmlp is from hitler, 
  he did . 
  and you keep flailing at him . 
  from what anyone can see , you 're one of those malcontents who presumes every opposing statement is trash , junk , spam etc , because he thinks he has nothing left to learn but his chosen dogma and its rote denial of opposing traditions .
