hands off our unreformable state !, 
  really depends what else is lost with the time . 
  instability can cost lives through economic stagnation and disrupting supply chains . 
  economics is not to be a zero-sum game . 
  even if a given pensioner has left the uk and is receivingmoney , their old house will have been sold to someone else who may be paying a mortgage , they may also still be sending money back to grandkids ... 
  i 'm not familiar with italian history but the country does seem to be quite different from britain , and clearly that context has led you to a different relationship with the eu . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean by common law being particularly vulnerable to mafia , perhaps you could expand on that . 
  as for shared culture , i feel britain has more in common with the us , canada , australia and new zealand than we do with europe . 
  i do n't mean to dismiss entirely the british relationship with the continent , but as a matter of comparison it seems objectively true . 
  i do n't really buy the concept of `` destiny '' in history . 
  whilst it seems likely that china and india dominate the next century , these things are by no means assured . 
  more important than that , i do n't really see the centralising force of europeanisation as a good thing for the prosperity of a state . 
  i worry , to be frank , that you will regulate your economy into stagnation . 
  * our * economy , i should say . 
  that 's not to say that the eu is unreformable , but at present i do n't see it heading in the direction of lighter government which is more in line with my politics . 
  you are not aware of the common allegation that the eu is overly bureaucratic and detached from voters ? 
  perhaps it 's only in britain people make the argument . 
  either way , seems to be true to me . 
  seems to me it 's more an effort for the bureaucratically minded to get their way without having to worry about being too democratic about it . 
  anyone fancy bitching about the common agricultural policy while we are here ? 
  there is a pretty huge gap . 
  ukip is supported by people who are very anti-europe ( including former labour and liberal voters ) as well as ultra-tories and libertarians . 
  the tories include a lot of europhile conservatives which is one reason cameron prevaricated over the decision to promise a referendum . 
  the hate speech laws in britain are far more ambiguous than either side would like them to be . 
  note the following injunction from the [ public order act 1986 , section 18 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1986/64 ) :  a person who uses threatening , abusive or insulting words or behaviour , or displays any written material which is threatening , abusive or insulting , is guilty of an offence if --  ( a ) he intends thereby to stir up racial hatred , or  ( b ) having regard to all the circumstances racial hatred is likely to be stirred up thereby . 
  for my part i believe criminalising the spreading of what is essentially an opinion is illiberal , regardless of what effects you believe the spreading of such an opinion may or may not have . 
  certainly this legislation is intended to infringe upon freedom of conscience by attacking freedom of speech . 
  verbal abuse or insults do not constitute an infringement upon your person , as distinct from verbal assault , which would cover threatening behaviour . 
  it should not be a crime to hate someone , however irrational the reason , and it should not even be a crime to say so , or to encourage others to do so . 
  there is a distinction between inciting hate and inciting violence . 
  in the [ racial and religious hatred act 2006 ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2006/1 ) , inserted the following into the public order act :  29c publishing or distributing written material  ( 1 ) a person who publishes or distributes written material which is threatening is guilty of an offence if he intends thereby to stir up religious hatred . 
   ( 2 ) references in this part to the publication or distribution of written material are to its publication or distribution to the public or a section of the public . 
  however it also says :  29j protection of freedom of expression  nothing in this part shall be read or given effect in a way which prohibits or restricts discussion , criticism or expressions of antipathy , dislike , ridicule , insult or abuse of particular religions or the beliefs or practices of their adherents , or of any other belief system or the beliefs or practices of its adherents , or proselytising or urging adherents of a different religion or belief system to cease practising their religion or belief system . 
  does this mean a person can intend to stir up religious hatred so long as his commentary is part of a genuine criticism of religion ? 
  it 's a daft law , in a country of daft laws that govern people who have precious few incontestable rights . 
   theres an aspect of it moulds your parents worldview , because that 's the only `` education '' they 're getting . 
  which is then passed to the children . 
  i 'd have thought your parents ' political views did have an effect on you , but what effect that is can vary hugely . 
  even in your own life you probably know people whose views closely align with those of their parents , and those that deviate from it significantly . 
  there 's evidence that suggests that one 's peer group has a greater impact on lifestyle choices than one 's parents , and i 'd be surprised if political views were not similarly tempered , especially given the evolution of social mores over history . 
  in any case nobody 's views are moulded solely by the views of their parents . 
   i believe if tweens would embrace the internet more for it 's information and not facebook/instragtram/twitter theyd have a more balanced view of the world . 
  tweens have embraced the internet as previous generations embraced television ( and generations way in the past embraced radio or newspapers ) . 
  the internet might have made public broadcast more accessible but it it still vulnerable to private and state interests , as well as the rather nebulous concept of ( public interest ) . 
  even reddit is subject to its algorithms and what it refers to as the hivemind , which in many ways is just a crowdsourced version of what every editor tries to guess : the interests of the readership . 
  what counts as a `` balanced '' worldview is highly debatable anyway . 
  i suspect most people buy the mail because it reflects their worldview . 
  as is true of all papers . 
  dacre 's editorship has been successful because he anticipates the concerns of a demographic . 
  propaganda is now a mere insult rather than a meaningful criticism , being used against those whose perception leads them to massage information in a way that you find unpalatable . 
  we are all propagandists of one sort or another , generally seeking to exaggerate evidence in our favour and downplay that which contradicts us . 
  that said , i am worried about the future of investigative journalism . 
  perhaps the most telling part of greenwald 's work was his reception by the british and american governments as they scrabbled to undermine him . 
  but political journalism has always been antagonistic in nature , so perhaps things have never been much better . 
  damn , that book i read was way off . 
  i heard the opposite , that the only fta was with south korea . 
  though the eu is in itself an fta . 
  [ in terms of territory and populations controlled . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_empires#largest_empires_by_land_area_and_population )  [ greatest , superlative of great ; of an extent , amount , or intensity considerably above the normal or average . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=define+greatest&amp;oq=define+greatest&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.1379j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;espv=210&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=utf-8 ), 
  erm , you do realise the british presided over the greatest empire in history , and even begat three nations that are culturally very similar ( four including us ) ? 
  to start comparing percentages is stupid , because one interacts with the other . 
  therefore your question is absurd . 
  i find conservatives tend to emphasise genetics , liberals environment . 
  i do n't believe either . 
  i 'm with you , just wanted to challenge you on that point . 
  complexity is a bar to transparency , and such a complaint is no straw man . 
  is there anything about manning 's story that you 'd describe as `` usual '' ? 
   except that that 's not how the eu works in practice . 
  i realise that it 's usually presented -- both by the press and national politicians -- as an incomprehensible and alien entity that swoops in to legislate in the total absence of national input , but , that 's not how it works at all . 
  it 's a bit of a vicious circle in that the complicated that technocratic nature of eu law-making procedures that are the way they are precisely in order to guarantee the sufficient involvement of national representatives on a variety of levels makes it hard for citizens to follow , reinforcing the perception of the eu as an inscrutable and meddlesome superpower . 
  aww , poor citizens , unable to understand that what we are doing is really for your benefit . 
  here , have a biscuit and a pat on the head . 
   to take an example , in order for a directive , the primary vehicle for european law-making , to be adopted , a complex co-decision process between the european parliament , which is composed of direct representatives of the european people , and the council , which consists of the relevant ministers of the governments of the member states has to be followed . 
  in this way , democratic legitimacy is achieved on a double level , while the national governments are directly involved in the legislative process . 
  moreover , in votes concerning sensitive topics - like security , external affairs or taxation - decisions by the council have to be unanimous , which means that one single country can veto a decision alone . 
  as you will well know , the last time cameron used a veto the decision went ahead anyway , merely with britain excluded . 
  which rather undermines the `` democratic legitimacy '' you imagine . 
   the alternative is giving up on occupying a place on the driving seat of europe and locking ourselves on the outside , captives of the decisions of others that will inevitably , because of the realities of global politics , influence us without having afforded us a say in forming them . 
  this kinda works for norway or switzerland , which are somewhat sui generis cases for reasons i wo n't go into right now , but for a country whose economy is as industry and services based as the uk this would be a phenomenally bad move . 
  what driving seat ? 
  the uk has for some time had a reputation for being uncooperative and has accrued some deserved resentment amongst the rest of the eu . 
  the uk does n't have an appetite for the big initiatives that the single market favours , which makes it rare on a continent which mostly approves of the eu and wants more of it . 
  we also quite simply do n't have a very large number of nationals inside many of the eu institutions , at least in proportion to our size as a country . 
  there is also a pretty good chance the eu will carve up the financial sector within the next few years , as the eu 's more socialistic core do not wish to treat britain 's financial sector with the reverence they have shown france 's farming industry . 
  so i do n't really buy that side of your argument . 
  i never said i thought it 'd be easy if we left the eu , and there are plenty of problems with leaving which will have to be addressed . 
  but i think it 's bad form to pretend the eu is n't moving towards a federal model , and also that it is n't in many ways already a state , a pretence which has contributed to the disengagement of the average brit who has far less interest in european elections than they should . 
   that 's not a union , it 's a similarity . 
  rhetorical flourish . 
   which was exactly the initial point : most young europeans speak perfectly fine english and the language barrier is dissolving . 
  which i agreed with . 
  but that means you have to agree the fact it has never been a division for the british and americans is of some significance , even if it is dwindling . 
   could that have something to do with the fact that `` your sort '' fail to bring any actual arguments to the table and instead just make unsubstantiated statements just like you did right here and are then perplexed when people who actually know something about the way the eu functions are n't willing to just take your word for it ? 
  because here are the actual facts : the eu is actually extraordinarily concerned with securing democratic legitimation for its processes , has gone out of its way to introduce mechanisms that enable it , is continuing to work to strengthen and multiply them and is generally primarily inhibited in its efforts by nationalists . 
  a closer integration of the eu can absolutely be achieved in a way that respects national sovereignty and self-governance is not incompatible with cooperation , but rather the latter enhances the former and makes it more effective . 
  and noting those facts is the end of the debate . 
  i am on the fence as regards the eu question , but your entire argument is undone by three words : `` ever closer union '' . 
  the power the eu has is taken from the national governments in exactly the same sense that the powers that westminster has are powers that local ( or in the case of the uk , national ) governments can not have . 
  it is a simple matter of centralisation .
