  if , for instance , brussels sets regulations on the financial sector , unless westminster negotiates an opt-out ( always a fraught experience ) then westminster no longer has the power to supersede those regulations . 
  if this fits your definition of respect for national sovereignty i 'd worry at the alternative . 
  that is true , but then none of the groups you mentioned are thought of as distinct communities in the fashion that italian americans or irish americans are , and none of them have quite the same history as the english and the americans . 
  i would n't dispute that the english ethnicity accounts for a small proportion of the states population , and i 'd be very surprised if anyone in america ever described themselves as english american . 
  but that is n't the point . 
  as i 've said elsewhere there is always a discrepancy between how a country perceives itself and how other perceives it , and it is the latter i 'm interested in . 
  most englishman would n't described themselves as protestant , that does n't change the importance of protestantism in defining england and britain . 
   what linguistic union ? 
  you lost me . 
  as in , the fact the two people speak variations on the same language . 
   that 's clearly not true , as the international hit harry potter , that has been translated into over 60 languages , demonstrates . 
  again , not following your argument . 
  the fact it requires a translation is in itself a barrier . 
  there simply is more cultural traffic between the uk/us than between other european nations and the us , or between europe and the uk . 
   there are also numerous french actors and musicians well known in the states . 
  this proves nothing . 
  there are more brits . 
   there are indeed a lot of really intelligent discussions that can be had about the eu 's democratic deficit and the need to respect the national sovereignty of the member states - discussions which we should be having . 
  but these are nowhere to be found among the anti-eu british nationalists at present . 
  the eu in itself is poised towards `` ever closer union '' , and ultimately that means a federation of some sort . 
  if any of the member states wishes to govern herself , she will have to leave . 
  noting these facts is the end of the debate . 
  the eu is not interested in national sovereignty , and has frequently shown contempt to the idea of democratic input . 
  these arguments have been made many a time by many eurosceptics , and are typically dismissed by your sort as prejudiced nationalism . 
   i think you 're missing boq 's point that , for more and more europeans especially of the younger generations , the language barrier already is gone . 
  europeans communicate to each other in english . 
  it often is n't a very sophisticated version of english , but it is english nonetheless and it allows a proximity that in that past was inconceivable . 
  that is probably true , but it does n't compete with the linguistic union that has existed for hundreds of years . 
  it might be possible for a fluent english speaking german to understand things about english and american culture , but it remains difficult for a monolingual englishman to reciprocate . 
  that problem does not exist in anglo-american relations . 
   honestly , it 's one-directional for anglophones as well : the us consumes its own culture and very little of anybody else 's . 
  the obvious exception would of course be things like harry potter or downton abbey , i.e. 
  works that became huge hits internationally -- so that does n't speak to any particular us-uk closeness . 
  yet international hits such as harry potter are impossible without the common language , and there are numerous british actors and musicians just as well known in the states . 
  the communication is lopsided rather than one directional . 
   that 's ... just a historical issue . 
  the us was born as a british colony . 
  british people moved to the us as settlers long before the later tides of immigrants from places like germany or italy , killed the native population and established themselves as the founders of the usa . 
  that does n't mean that in the intervening 200 + years the two countries have n't diverged considerably . 
  it 's very generous of you to write my argument for me . 
  [ also . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_great_rapprochement )  honestly , i 'm a greek/english binational in a relationship with a canadian and , despite the fact that arguably canada is way closer to europe than the us , yes , there are considerable differences that set us apart in ways which simply can not be compared to the relationship between europeans of different nationalities -- i would argue even the north/south divide that people make such a big deal of is irrelevant in comparison with the trans-atlantic cultural clash . 
  i ca n't speak to your experience , but it runs counter to mine . 
   agreed . 
  but that is n't a reflection of actual , real-life differences , but just a divide that exists in the head of prejudiced jingoists which has been fuelled by an irresponsible press and populist politicians . 
  nationalism has passed the dinner test in the uk , becoming part of europe feels like losing power and being subsumed by a greater entity , while desperately clutching to the us 's coat tails fuels our self-importance by allowing us to vicariously rule the world like the huge international power that once was . 
  but none of this means we 're closer to americans than we are to europeans -- it just means we 're really deluded . 
  the political divergence is as much influenced by the continental anxiety regarding the ussr as the british imperial legacy . 
  the major failing of your argument is that it fails to acknowledge the traditional conservative hostility towards the us ( precisely because the american empire succeeded the british one ) and the leftist hatred of the us for its imperialistic behaviour . 
  between those the desire to hang on american coattails is only to be found amongst the political classes . 
  that said , i do n't happen to think a desire to self-govern is an entirely unhealthy reason to oppose european integration , and it 's childish to label it as prejudiced jingoism . 
   ever heard of do n't judge a book by its cover . 
  appearances are important . 
  perhaps more important than realities in some respects . 
   the us is becoming less and less `` english '' if you want to put it that way . 
  the increase in hispanics and people of asian origin is changing that country . 
  simple observation , go to florida or texas , as two example , and tell me how english those places are !, 
  sure you maybe able to get round with english but there are many places which sure as do n't feel like an english speaking area . 
  by the end of this century the us will have changed inexorably , i do n't doubt . 
  we are n't talking about then , we are talking about now . 
  the fact that there are regions of the us dominated by spanish does little to undercut the thrust of my point , and i could easily respond by noting the plethora of tongues on the european continent . 
   as for bilingualism , stop lumping britain together , the english level of bilingualism is atrocious do n't go lumping wales and scotland with england , they still have their national tongues being taught . 
  if you are using this as an example of european integration then you really are scraping the barrel of your argument . 
   churchill , tell me how he has influenced the usa as much or even more than hitler did with the uk and europe ? 
  come on now really ? 
  the fact you are asking this question shows how poorly versed you are on the subject of anglo-american relations . 
  [ might i recommend some light reading ? 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/blood-class-empire-anglo-american-relationship/dp/1843545101/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1377038145&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=blood+class+and+empire ) in brief , churchill is a regular feature of american rhetoric , and he is a key figure in the `` greece to their rome '' mantra that permeates american interventionism . 
  the differing attitudes to nazi germany and the ussr across the two continents arguably aid my argument more than yours also . 
  i 'd agree the former dominions are closer than the us , but it is still founded on english principles , english is still the primary language , and it 's affiliation to britain in the last century has had a profound impact on the country . 
   as for englishness being closer to germanness and americanness , i would argue for our european neighbours . 
  you 'd be wrong , but you could certainly argue it . 
   the american culture is one of a whole multitude of different cultures , their nation and history was founded through that of many different countries and their people fleeing the `` old countries '' , those who never saw and agreed with the european ideals of the old times . 
  european culture and history is older , richer and more intertwined with one another . 
  this has lead to a greater exchange maybe more than you can see . 
  europe has had many conflicts , trade agreements and the languages have influenced each other . 
  i would n't debate the diversity of american culture , but there is a disparity between how a country is and how it is perceived , and in america 's case the international image is more english than not . 
  that 's a simple point of observation . 
   taking another sentence you wrote and rewording it . 
  europe and the uk are geographically so close to one another compared to states such as nz , australia and the us that they should n't be considered foreign . 
  it 's a cultural point rather than a geographical one . 
  you do n't seem to grasp the distinction . 
   many of us have a language in common , whether french , english or german , spoken by the majority of the eu . 
  the british record on bilingualism leaves much to be desired when compared to the rest of the continent . 
  indeed this is a major obstacle in european integration . 
  in comparison i have access to the overwhelming majority of american literature , films , and newspapers , without having to hit up google translate . 
  language is an important point of overlap that europe can not provide an alternative to . 
   our legal systems are not allowed to contradict one another to the point that it goes against eu legislation , we also can all get our voices heard by the same legal framework at the european courts . 
  and yet the british establishment has continually underplayed the fact that britain essentially no longer has supreme legislative power . 
  what does that tell you about public attitude to this idea ? 
   we have historical figures who are also common to us all whether henry the 8th , charlemagne or hitler these people all influenced over their current `` national '' borders . 
  our heads of states may not be the same , they act similar and many of them are related to one another and have family in other european countries . 
  charlemagne and hitler are not common to europe and britain in the sense that churchill is common to both the english and american traditions . 
  your comparison is spurious . 
  i appreciate you are a europhile and i think it is perfectly possible to make a case for a united europe . 
  but it would be best if you did not deny reality whilst doing it . 
  you seem to be arguing that the us is in fact a different place to the uk , which is to think miss my point . 
  yorkshire is not the same as london , and indeed i 've felt misplaced as near afield as south wales . 
  the idea of foreignness is not binary , and what is being argued is whether englishness is closer to americaness or germaness ( to take an example ) . 
  no serious person could argue the latter .
