  ( i 'm assuming you are british . ), 
  the proximity of the british isles to the european continent is made too much of , particularly once one considers westminster 's historic aversion to european affairs . 
  unlike many other european nations , there is not a culture of popping across the border for lunch in britain ; if britain is a neighbour it is the cantankerous curmudgeon who isolates himself from the rest of the street , instead preferring to spend his free time out of town . 
  the anglosphere all know some british history , because they have all at one time been british . 
  that this does n't translate to the parochial affairs of each specific country is not particularly important , and because of american media dominance the average brit 's knowledge of the us north-south divide is likely to be far in excess of their awareness of bavarian or catalonian separatism . 
  people who dismiss the cultural links between the anglosphere are generally people interested in european integration , just as those who emphasise british history are more likely to be eurosceptic . 
  but i think a sober analysis weighs more heavily on the latter side . 
  it 's an interesting point about the language barrier , and i somewhat agree with you that if it was gone a lot of the other stuff would melt away . 
  for most people it does still exist , and whilst many young europeans feel an american influence the cultural transaction is , for the non-anglophones , entirely one directional . 
  in terms of day to day interactions , the things i mentioned were more justifications for what is generally agreed to exist , a kind of cultural community that is bigger than the boundaries of state . 
  the fact that we refer to the anglophones as our cousins is indicative of an attitude that we are in some sense the same people . 
  because of the jargon surrounding britishness/englishness it sounds absurd to talk of `` the english '' being dispersed amongst several states in the same way that the irish are dispersed amongst the same collection of states . 
  while italian american , irish american , and african american are all accepted terms , the idea of being english american is tautologous -- the americans by default are english , only a deviation from that need be noted . 
  all that said , i do n't personally feel very different from the rest of northern europe ( france , low countries , germany , and scandinavia ) , i just do n't think this is an attitude shared by all that many brits . 
  to my mind the feeling of cultural dislocation is what drives the move towards an eu exit , and i think this notion is not widely understood on the continent . 
  when you factor in culture and politics , i 'd say we 're about halfway between the states and the eu . 
  it 's not proving a comfortable place to be . 
  i do not understand how anyone could conclude that britain is culturally closer to europe than the anglosphere . 
  the us , canada , new zealand and australia are anglo-saxon states , to the point they are n't considered foreign . 
  we have the same language , similar legal systems , shared historical figures , even the same head of state ( us exempt ) . 
  politically we are more socialist than the us , but in every other respect we are cousins ( our own word ) . 
  all that said , i think britain could integrate into a european federation if she wished . 
  the only way you can achieve a unified polity is to undermine differences through a national/supranational identity . 
  for many scotsman becoming british in effect meant anglicising , and english culture has been subsumed by britishness . 
  though i find cultural preservation a pointless , even counterproductive exercise , so it does n't much bother me . 
  crime is a matter of personal agency influenced by life circumstances , but it is not a disease . 
  i was on my smartphone before , so here it is : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9y4xsclb5q4, 
  almost all his figures are wrong , as is his understanding of british law . 
  i made a video thoroughly debunking the whole thing . 
  haggle to celtic isles ? 
  true enough , but in terms of tradition/outlook the us is hugely anglo-saxon . 
  disproportionately so . 
  i did n't imply the innocence of the us when i noted the failures of the un . 
  i did n't say the wars were immoral , merely that this would have been a more impressive criticism than their illegality . 
   it 's illegal because the the majority of the people believe it to be . 
  not how the law works , nor how it should work . 
   and to claim that the war was to somehow liberate people is naive . 
  it was for oil and resources and power . 
  you 're basically saying to disregard the law by saying my `` legalistic propriety makes [ me ] look a tad foolish '' . 
  our society would crumble if law was n't upheld . 
  that a war was fought for resources in way undermines the humanitarian component of it . 
  i can happily argue that we should n't have fought it for oil and yet that it war worth fighting to remove saddam without contradicting myself . 
  the un is not a law making body , and at any rate , the us have never pretended to comply with their directives when it comes to foreign intervention . 
  the fails of the un are widespread because of the inclusion of numerous backward and authoritarian regimes , china and russia not being the least of them . 
  their indecision over iraq in way implied it was n't correct to enter the region , much as their prevarication over syria now does not undermine intervention . 
   you can speculate that league of nations ' law was violated , but can you prove it ? 
  probably not . 
  if i wanted to i could easily look up the directives of the league and form a conclusion based on that . 
  the statement is utterly falsifiable if one had the inclination to do so . 
  as a matter of fact i know numerous rulings by the league were ignored in the run up to world war 2 . 
  i fear your use of the word illegal may have inadvertently shown your hand . 
  the un has been a joke for awhile now , why someone would view disrespecting its law as an automatic pejorative is beyond me . 
  an * immoral * war would have been a substantive slight , but i do n't suppose being in the business of fighting dictators and muslim fascists can convincingly classified as such . 
  by all means criticise the blunders and transgressions of middle eastern policy ( of which there are many ) but the fixation on legalistic propriety makes you look a tad foolish . 
  i 'm fairly sure violent opposition to hitler violated a few league of nations resolutions . 
  i 'm just suprised that so many were surprised . 
  i thought it was common knowledge intelligence agencies are a law unto themselves . 
  i do n't love that , and i think there should be guards against the use of surveillance in court , but i view it as a necessary evil . 
  the idea of a transparent intelligence service is oxymoronic , and the more opaque an organisation , the less accountable it will be . 
  that 's a weird spelling of office bitch, 
  some of the founders were very obviously in favour of a european federation . 
  various groups want various degrees of integration , but much the same is true in any federated state . 
  most of europe 's citizenry wants further integration , the uk being one exception . 
  at this stage we already have many features of a unified state : supreme court , federal parliament , shared currency and banking system , constitution , freedom of movement , free trade agreement . 
  aside from armed forces the main division is psychological/cultural . 
  not an insignificant one , but in legal terms the eu bears close resemblance to a unified state , and this has largely been intended . 
  it 's possible to admire america in general and deplore elements of their foreign policy . 
  neoliberal would be economics . 
  liberal more means progressive , so supportive of hate speech/crime laws , gay marriage , anti bigotry etc. 
   i 'd take an educated guess and state that they are all to do with separatism with a few possibly religiously motivated . 
  implying religion and separatism in ireland are n't linked . 
  i 'm sure that much is true , but the gays who are opposing marriage are in a minority , and often oppose marriage for anybody , or say it 's a contract they personally have no interest in , which are positions that are a few levels above any quibbles over whether gays can or ca n't be married . 
  i suppose i should amend my statement to say `` unless you are against all marriage , there are n't really any arguments against gay marriage that do n't hinge upon discomfort with homosexuality . '', 
  as for the notion that a child needs a mother and a father , i think it 's false and largely based on discomfort with homosexuality . 
  there certainly does n't appear to be any evidence that it is the case , and i do n't really understand the reasoning of the man whose interview you linked to . 
  this is a more ornate version of `` marriage is exclusively a vehicle for raising children '' , which is n't true . 
  marriage is * a * vehicle for raising children , maybe even the best we 've ever had , but all the studies i 've ever seen have shown gay couples are just as successful at raising children as straight couples , often slightly more so ( since they have to go to such lengths to have children in the first place ) . 
  yet marriage is still useful even if you do n't plan on having children ; hospital visitation rights , tax benefits , easy joint ownership of property etc. 
  and beyond the legal ramifications marriage is also a status symbol , a way of informing the wider community that you have formed a successful relationship with another person . 
  to disagree with any of what i 've said you would have to be uncomfortable with homosexuals , or the idea of homosexuality . 
  there are n't really any arguments against gay marriage that do n't hinge upon discomfort with homosexuality . 
  alright i need to clarify something :  there 's no room for dissenting there , brutally murdering a man who has done you no harm is not ok . you know , if we tolerate this , tomorrow the beheaded could be you or me . 
  what does tolerate mean to you ? 
  do you mean it socially or legally ? 
  if you we should protest at his lack of condemnation then sure , though i think violence is pretty consistent with islamic scripture so actually find the moderates a lot more dubious . 
  if you mean that we should arrest him for incitement to violence then no , that 's an absurd position . 
  you 'd essentially be charging him for being muslim ( given that plenty of non-muslim people wo n't make a public statement of condemnation on this issue , simply out of inertia ) . 
  equality under the law , bitch . 
  i really am speechless . 
  i never thought i 'd see the day when someone argued that a person could be punished for having not said something . 
  there 's a huge difference between advocating murder and not criticising it when it happens . 
  you 're wanting to punish him for * not * saying something . 
  it 's a risk i 'm willing to run to defend free speech . 
  you seem to think dissent has to still fall within the boundary of opinions you ( or the consensus ) finds acceptable . 
  if i were to support this then should i come to the conclusion that an extreme idea was correct , i would be building the scaffold on which i 'm to be hanged . 
  no thanks . 
  as a dissenter , this idea displeases me . 
  though being a white englishman you 'd struggle to find somewhere to exile me to . 
  come on , at least try and understand his reasoning even if it is flawed . 
  he 's not working from the same suppositions as you .
