  [ my apologies !, 
  next time , i 'll change the first letter to make it more acceptable !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suopz-rrsxg ), 
  a minority likes him because he 's ' a right laugh ' , but the majority detest him and he 's one of the most hated politicians here , along with [ michael gove ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_gove ) and [ jeremy hunt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeremy_hunt ) . 
  this is pretty bad . 
  especially how the people supporting the change do n't seem to support it at all . 
  probably just voted for it to look good . 
  yeah , i just noticed myself after looking at their post history . 
  i do n't think they 're sarcastic . 
  [ they 're anti-vaccine . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ysy8d/unvaccinated_children_will_be_barred_from/cygfh5l ) edit : actually , they have a lot of really obvious bait comments . 
  they need to up their game . 
  this was my first thought too . 
  it 's so petty . 
  yeah , that makes sense . 
  is it more of a technicality thing then ? 
  as in , you 're a part of the uk in all but name ? 
  also that 's interesting about your passports . 
  i did n't know that . 
  a surprising amount of people seem to not know that the isle of man is n't a part of the uk , so i like fun fact-ing that to people . 
  i know that i had to give a presentation on serbia and montenegro in school for something that would count towards my marks that year . 
  they then split two days before my presentation and i got really worried about if i needed to redo my whole bit of work or not . 
  it happened on the saturday as well and my presentation was on the monday so i had no chance to contact anyone . 
  i was only 13 so it obviously was n't any marks that were really important , but my little self got really worried over it . 
  when i was in kyiv , i really tried with very basic ukrainian , but those pronunciations are just so hard . 
  i had strange looks from people not sure what i was trying to say . 
  i got advice to just simply switch to basic russian instead because ` everyone knows both ' and had a lot more success . 
  i definitely found it easier to say spasibo ( \u0421\u043f\u0430\u0441\u0438\u0431\u043e ) over dyakuyu ( \u0414\u044f\u043a\u0443\u044e ) , for example . 
  anyway , i never had anyone switch to english on me unless i asked them if they knew it . 
  one more : y' all 'd ` ve n't, 
  it 's because nobody forgot to invest in eastern poland . 
  without you , this would have taken even longer !, 
  thanks for doing your part !, 
  i 'm not well versed in this at all . 
  was it a thing where the overseas territories decided if they wanted to be more autonomous or not and french guiana said they wanted to stay part of france in full while other chose otherwise ? 
  i do n't actually think we in the uk have any overseas territories considered part of the uk . 
  even [ the isle of man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isle_of_man ) is n't a part of the uk , but rather a crown dependency . 
  it 's not considered an overseas territory though , but it 's still weird to think that it 's right in the middle of england , scotland , wales and northern ireland and is the closest bit of land to all four of them , but is n't part of the uk . 
  i am also going to invest my karma for a big payoff in the future . 
  i just saw irish flag and just presumed you were the same person !, 
  i can be a bit dippy at times . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  it feels like no matter what we do , we 're screwed . 
  on the one hand , we leave and either stay in the market which would likely mean freedom of movement continues and we 'd end up basically where we started but without strong influence in the eu anymore , or we do n't stay in the market which is even worse . 
  on the other hand , the decision is reverted and we stay , in which case we bring this horrible temper tantrum back into the eu when i am sure that in most other countries it 's gotten to the point where they 'd be glad to finally be rid of it . 
  that 's under the assumption we 'd be allowed back in with all of the special privileges which we 've had in the first place , which possibly wo n't happen , and if they did n't happen then certain leave voters would likely just use it to protest about ` the evil eu taking away our british privileges ' . 
  i am sure most of the country now wishes we could just go back to mid-june with this knowledge and say ` let 's not do this actually . 
  ` tis a silly issue to put up to a binary choice referendum poll ' . 
  o.k , i understand what you mean now . 
  thanks for the response !, 
   abortion is a quick ` fire-fighting ' type procedure that does nothing to address the reasons why a woman feels having a child is not feasible i 'm a bit confused about what you mean by this in a couple of regards . 
  a girl might be pregnant when she 's 14 and still in school , so there 's not really anything that can be done to address the issue that makes it not feasible . 
  also some people just do n't want children , so it 's impossible to make having a child feasible for them . 
  mistakes also do happen so it is inevitable that this would happen to some people who use contraception and do n't want kids . 
  unless you mean ` feasible ' in a different way than i 'd think it would , which might be the case here . 
  it 's always been me and you , wales ... we 're in this together forever , wales ... 
  since writing that comment 2 months ago i have put on some weight and now weigh 57.5 kg , so i do n't weigh less than you anymore !, 
  but yeah , i still should weigh more . 
  my real issue with it is n't that i want to lose weight or anything . 
  i 'm not doing it on purpose . 
  it 's genuinely that i do n't feel hungry ever . 
  i do n't know why , but because of this i need to actively think about whether my body needs food or not , and since i am a very forgetful person anyway i will sometimes just not eat all day . 
  i 've gotten much better at remembering now though . 
  masters in maths . 
  at university my diet was terrible . 
  i would frequently forget to eat and would often go an entire day without eating anything , and at one point i simply could n't remember the last time i ate food but was pretty sure it was at least three days ago . 
  since getting back from university i 've gotten better and will always have cereal for breakfast ; maybe a sandwich or two slices of toast for lunch ; and then pasta , pizza or a curry for dinner . 
  on the plus side though , i am always drinking tea and orange/cranberry juice , so i do n't dehydrate myself . 
  i am 6 foot 3 inches ( 1.85 m ) and weigh 8 stone 7 pounds ( 54 kg ) , so i do need to put on weight . 
  why is it weird that we do n't ? 
   also what 's weird with grace ? 
  that 's as common as night and day . 
  no it 's not . 
  i 've never heard or seen anyone do it before . 
  what even is it ? 
  is it praying before dinner ? 
  my country is n't exactly that religious so ... 
   i always thought it was like saying grace before dinner or something . 
  what exactly is ` saying grace ' ? 
  i 've never actually been at anyones house where they 've done it before . 
  is it just praying before eating food , because if that 's the case , you should know that in a large amount of countries in europe , religion is dying out . 
  in my country it 's not a thing that is ever really brought up . 
  some people are religious , but overall people are pretty ` meh ' about it . 
  i do n't wish i were born in another , but if i were to pick i would either choose norway because it seems like a very great country , or belgium due to the multiple languages . 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but if you plan on visiting all 40 + countries in 15 days , you 'll spend like 5 hours in each country excluding sleep and most of that will be time used on a train or driving . 
  i strongly suggest you cut it down to only a few countries or even just one . 
  if taylor swift counts , i remember quite a few people ( mainly teenage girls ) liking her a few years ago . 
  i feel that [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2belef/roller_coasters_in_europe_xpost_rrollercoasters/ ) is relevant !, 
  you mentioning politics has actually reminded me : americans are a lot more right wing than pretty much all of europe , so differences in political views is another thing that puts people off . 
  some examples of political differences are that nearly everyone i have spoken to finds it confusing why obamacare is a controversial issue . 
  another is that pretty much no-one i 've asked thinks that people should have such easy access to guns . 
  and also a good chunk of people think that hate speech like what the westboro baptist church does should be illegal . 
  i do n't mean to make this sound like only negative things . 
  most people here do appreciate that america is a nice place to live and such . 
  it 's just that political and cultural differences are the firsts ones people notice and they are the easiest to disagree on . 
  i 'm male , but i have had this conversation before with female friends when asked by an american . 
  the general consensus was that americans seem really friendly , but in a romantic sense people are put off by several things . 
  one is the accents ( mainly south eastern ones ) . 
  another reason is that most people here just do n't really bother with religion , and the ones that do are n't really vocal about it or anything . 
  media often shows you having a lot of vocal , christian fundamentalists in your country who think you are going straight to hell if you 're not christian , whether it is actually a significant amount or not .
