if he would n't write so well you could think he is raving because of a misunderstanding , but he is not . 
  just another looney . 
  there is nothing wrong with the title . 
  russia backs luhanks goverment which is issuing hate laws against gays . 
  thats the story and the truth . 
  pretty damn glad that we were n't liberated though . 
  saved us from a lot of nasty shit . 
  finnish and swedish combined armed armed forces would be sufficient deterrant . 
  russia would have to mount fullblown invasion to yield any results . 
  and they ca n't , finland and sweden would probably get heavy economic support from the union and russia would get heavy economic sanctions from both eu and us . 
  they really just could not invade . 
  and remembver , war is not always only about techonology or manpower , it is also about morale . 
  i think they should be allowed to return , but they should get atleast 2yrs prison sentences for supporting terrorism . 
  life in jihadland is probably kinda shit , no1 should be forced to live there , they should though have to face the punishment for their stupidity . 
  their military almost certainly has such plans already in place . 
  9 billion if we use finnish workers , 1 billion with estonian workers . 
  that would be so nice , imagine finnish beer exported to estonia through pipelines and then bought back to finland through the same pipelines !, 
  that effiency is incredible !, 
  most of them can . 
  yes because everyone starting to compete against each other with lower and lower tax rates on companies is going to save the eu economy . 
  the companies should pay fare share of the taxes for access to european markets where they make profits . 
  luring companies with 2 % tax is unfair . 
  sadly you are right , they need the external enemy to shadow their internal problems . 
  but i am confident they will move forward and hopefully they will get a leader who is more keen on improving domestic conditions than dick swinging on the international theater . 
  why the fuck does russia or eu have to win ? 
  why ca n't everyone win ? 
  only thing russia or eu can win/lose is face and pride . 
  both can trade with ukraine at the same time no problem . 
  all this shit is being stirred up for nothing , by russia . 
  i hope eu and russia make a tradepact in near future , with putin as dictator or not , idk , he is n't the worst kind . 
  if everyone is goodies with russia there is a smaller chance putin or any other dictator ( assuming they will keep having a so called `` strong ruler '' ) can whip the people in to a war against them . 
  yes call them out on human rights bullshit but always stay friendly and close . 
  the point of eu was trade and peace in europe yes , but would n't those two things be much nicer when shared with the whole globe ? 
  yes you are right about the definition of finlandization , but the claiming this has something to do with finlandization , any way you define it , is ridiculous . 
  the point in my straw man was that building nuclear energy with russian money and technology does not make finland more dependent on russia ( the reactor is in finland and in finnish control ) , which is a reason people use to argue against the new reactor . 
  and if you want to support greener technologies , why fight nuclear , why not focus all the energy in the fight against coal ? 
  the point is , the way i see it the greens hatred towards nuclear energy is more based on ideology and fear that realism or sense . 
  this just makes the greens and ville niinist\u00f6 seem incredibly stupid . 
  yeah the russians are forcing us to build nuclear energy with their money , and when the reactor is built they will demand the 40 % which they own to be moved to russia and when they are splitting the factory it will explode and everyone will die . 
  i also love their other arguments referencing tshernobyl and fukushima , yes the russians plans are 50 years old and finland will be hit by a tsunami some time next year . 
  i mean fuck i 'm all for more wind and solar in finland but it needs to be backedup with nuclear , which is the greenest heavyweight energy source . 
  i also love the `` if we build nuclear energy , no one will research greener technologies '' . 
  that argument is bullshit on so many levels that it gives me diarrhea . 
  the profit from inventing and selling greener alternatives wo n't disappear ever , especially not when goverments are looking for solutions to global warming ( even though one could say they are n't working all the will and means they should ) . 
  alerdy admitted i was wrong below , though it was only part of the sentence . 
  and i went to check and you were right , the somali/finn kaleva parody was part of the case . . 
  halla-aho did n't get sentence from that parody text , that was totally different case , he sued yle ( national media company ) for quoting him in the parody case . 
  how about heralding the mobile revolution , huge developer of forestry machinery and elevators and having a big technology sector overall ? 
  you are delivering cargo to space using technology developed by soviets for propaganda purposes ( `` look we conquered space !, 
  '' ) , and you have business in that cos you do it cheaper than any1 else ( because you do n't pay shit to the workers , because vages are shit overall there . . ) . 
  no one uses your sat nav or cpus ... 
  there is nothing you can say that changes the fact that russian economy is dependant on price of gas . 
  finnish economy is dependant on other economies . 
  also want to point out that in this case , se was raped with fingers by 2 culprits and 1 held hand over her mouth . 
  the social media discussion about the event immediatly turned in to a racist anti-somali/muslim circle-jerk . 
  there are many here who think that finnish courts do n't punish immigrants cos they are '' over tolerants and want to overrun finland with immigrants '' , when the fact is finnish penalties for physical violence are ridiculous in most cases . . 
  nuclear is like the only high tech thing coming from russia . 
  russian economy if 90 % natural resources , hard to develop a decent economy with those stats . 
  we had something similiar , excercise opponent yellow coming from east with russian eguipment . 
  there is a saying in finnish defence forces , `` enemy always comes from the east , unless they have gone around . 
  glad to see high % in sweden , best way for swede to fight for his country is to volunteer to fight for finland . 
  ussr trauma so stronk in poland . 
  yes i know about your doomsday policy , but you do understand that you both would be totally eliminated almost down to every single person . 
  that being said even in case of war it 's extremely unlikely that the policy will even be implemented , if there is even a single decent soul in your military command . 
  so if you want to measure your armed forces epenis , do n't mention the nukes , they are there just in to deter the idea of attack , and we all know that if there is armed conflict between russia and us , it will almost 99 % be initiated by russian side , it 's real hard to get a democratic country to bring on the apocalypse . 
  would n't call it a work done but great progress , though from reading the news greece does n't seem to be doing very well . 
  though having a small deficit in the current economy should n't be made to a such a big problem . 
  3.5 % is n't small enough yet . 
  is this serious or sarcasm ? 
  if it 's sarcasm , quite funny , if not , quite retarded . 
  yeah typos after typos , i really should stop commenting when i 'm tired . 
  yeah well it 's always ridiculous to blame the people , they probably did n't realize in the 90 's that their govt was building a debt bomb . 
  and i also do agree that that the people who accepted greece to euro should be also be blamed for the mess , even more than greek govt itself . 
  greece leaving the euro just highlights the problems euro has , greece leaving eu would make eu seem a lot less stable . 
  in long and short run greece leaving eu and not just euro be a lot better for eus image . 
  yea well euro ai n't the sole reason for greece crash . 
  90 's greece government took way too much debt and cooked the books later on so it would n't be an obstacle , yea the eu decision makers must have known that the books were cooked and that single currency faces many problems , but euro did n't force em to take too many loans and euro did n't cause the financial crisis . 
  euro only made `` surviving '' / managing it a lot harder . 
  technically is the keyword here . 
  where there is a will there is a way . 
  if greece defaults and the need rises for them to exit euro , eu will forge an agreement for them to exit euro and stay in eu , that is almost certain . 
  country exiting euro is far less damaging to the image of european stability than a country exiting eu . 
  you are correct . 
  i meant petsamo . 
  never mind karelia but i wouldnt mind finland getting it 's old arctic sea port in murmansk back . 
  everyone who falls under the category of `` human '' has human rights . 
  we ca n't and wo n't start stripping them from people , even criminals , because that can be a very slippery slope . 
  i thought this was almost universally agreed upon ( at least in western hemisphere ) . 
  edit : almost forgot that us already has basically defined terrorists as non-humans . 
  the most idiotic part is that the issue is n't even close to as simple as the racist populist try to make it . 
  its their fucking weapon on every topic , over simplify for idiots and invent smart one-liners . 
  `` what are we going to do with those who wont say where they are from '' `` if he is black send him to africa , if brown to me '' * idiots applaud * . 
  there was something really similiar in finland about finnish govt officials stealing russian babies . 
  most likely both cases are just angry that their kid was judged to be safer with the other parent . 
  also i think that eu would be kinda butthurt from brexit , so the negotiations for trade deals would probably be a bit hostile . . 
  wouldnt say uk is ruled by the `` left '' and that farage is just `` questioning party line '' , like the `` activists '' say he is just blaming immigrants to garner votes from idiots . 
  that being said `` activist '' actions like this are stupid and childish and only harm the cause they are trying to promote . 
  not many would want to move to finlands bad weather and expensive vices for basic income that wont even get you along alone . 
  thank you nordic for early public school english and no-dubs on tv . 
  edit , also for the long winters in front of computer screen . .
