  the access is here , but teenage girls and boys are not educated enough to see the vital importance of it . 
  the gypsy minority , which have a tradition of making children when the girls are still teens also raise that curve . 
  if you look at the countries with high teenage pregnancy rates in europe , most of the top countries have gypsy minorities . 
  i think the singers are moldovans of slavic descent ( as in the russian minority ) , not sure , but i think it was like that so ... 
  oh yes , that document were we were not even considered equal humans . 
  how could we forget :d, 
  personally i would say yes . 
  especially based on the fact that i had to teach my swiss roommate to squat , and i could n't believe how hard it was for him . 
  like the dude could n't keep his damn heels on the ground , unbelievable !, 
  meanwhile i was doing some sort of step dance in a squatting position . 
  our phonetics are also slavic , and i like our slavic neighbors ( cause hungary aint one bitch ! ) . 
  but technically we 're not . 
  we even have our own version of ricotta , we call it urda . 
  if that is not proof enough , then what else ? 
  edit : if you ever wandered what would happened if russia raped italy , taaadaaaaaa !!!!, 
  this is all a big / s honest answer : slavic and latin is a language group . 
  not a cultural group , or a genetic group !, 
  so no , we are not slavic , we are latin . 
  but if you spoke about culture we would be balkan . 
  and if you spoke about food and cuisine we would be otoman/turkish , and genetically probably more slavic than anything else . 
  we are at that weird conjuncture of nations you see ? 
  gypsies , slavic , what 's next , vampires ? 
  :d i see originality and humor is not your strongest suit , truly german to the bone !, 
  edit : / s, 
  roma who came into europe and just happened to not be sterilized in romania as they were in sweden . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compulsory_sterilisation_in_sweden it 's not us who treated them as subhumans , it was you . 
  and most of western europe . 
  anyhow , now they are here , so what , if they want to leave they leave . 
  they are nomadic , that was their culture from point 0 when they entered romania too . 
  why would we think of them as our own if you do n't either ? 
  ps : do n't believe for 1 second the concept of nationality in a historically stable country , with no major ethnic cleansing movements like sweden is even remotely close to the balkans , with all the ethnic cleansing and ethnic wars that happened around here . 
  citizenship means much less here , ethnicity is much more important than in sweden too . 
  do n't worry , gypsies are infinite !, 
  they will never stop :d have you ever thought that maybe if some of the gypsies went to usa , some of the ones in sweden would leave ? 
  since romania does n't have many left anyway :p, 
  yes dude . 
  we have all the beggars and most importantly all the gypsies , that 's why hungary is sending a gypsy singer to eurovision this year ( not that there 's anything wrong with that ) . 
  the funniest thing is that you are so idiotic you did n't even know we are not in schengen . 
  also you seem to think that even if romania was in schengen things would get worse , as if most of our gypsies did n't leave already . 
  let me tell you a secret , the main thing schengen does is make or border checks faster which is good for businesses exporting goods . 
  it also helps block nationals from outside of the eu easier i guess . 
  that 's about it , it does n't really affect movement of nationals of the said country . 
  it 's actually people with a stupid mentality like yours but able to vote which scares western politicians such as the dutch ones from letting romania in schengen , although we completed the requirements for like 5 years or some shit . 
  i almost believed you there ... but polish spaceship engineer just does n't sound right !, 
  not again !, 
  why are italy and france using pictures of the famous romanian general napoleon bonea partescu ? 
  yes ... that source is debatable at best . 
  just as probable as dacians inventing wirless , but we have no proof since it was ... wire less . 
  moldova has to , since moldovan language is a totally independent language no ? 
  :d the subject of their anthem kinda shows their history as an independent nation ... in a sad weird way . 
  what you say would be true if the west of the balkans did n't start a war like every year or so ... 
  i would say they are pretty nationalistic too , or sth . 
  also between the world wars we were kinda like that too , that 's why we purged a significant part of our slavic words , or made them obsolete :p, 
  and both of you most probably took the word from us , while we took it it from the bulgarians xd, 
  remind me again , why did we give up on [ this ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_bulgarian_empire ) i do n't think by now it is a mystery to anyone actually , that romanians and bulgarians are very close genetically and even culturally . 
  like our common martisor ( martisa ) tradition in the spring , and history , and so on . 
  basically bulgaria and romania are the living proof of how a big relocation of populations assimilate in different ways . 
  in romania we assimilated the immigrants ( carpathian mountains strong ! ), 
  while in bulgaria the immigrants assimilated us , thus maintaining the immigrating culture . 
  the only weird thing is that it was us , the ones farther away from italy which kept the latin identity  ) most probably because we got lucky with the natural borders :d edit : actually the true weird thing is that bulgarians did n't maintain their old original culture ( turkish ) nor did they adopt the local latin culture , but went for a 3rd party ( slavic ) culture . 
  i mean , wtf brolgaria !, 
  no , i still do n't get wtf you are talking about . 
  your so called stats are bullshit since they are wrong . 
  a stat is only valid if it is true . 
  first this was not the `` greatest win in an election '' ever , not even close . 
  aside from the shitty participation , even in actual % iliescu , and even nastase to an extent , controlled the parliament much stronger in their times . 
  and the country was soooo `` wonderful '' back then . 
  now to actual stats : iohannis was voted by 6,288,769 . 
  source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_presidential_election,_2014 psd was voted by 3.221.786 . 
  so you can shut up about your `` much democracy '' bitching and those in power privilege . 
  if thinks worked how your sick mined describes them i would like to say we would live in a dictatorship of a majority , but honestly it would be a dictatorship of the minority from the way things look . 
  people who did n't vote did n't do it because they supported psd in power , get that in your narrow mind !, 
  they did n't vote because they trusted no one , especially psd too . 
  that was not a support , but rather their number shows the lack of support the people have for this so called `` most elected '' parliament . 
  at the end of the day you are indeed a psd shill , a shitty one at that . 
  i do not know what drives you , maybe one of the things you wrote . 
  if you thought just writing those at the beginning of your comment made you not look like psd shill you are wrong , cause that is what you are . 
  no person with any moral sense and some critical thinking can even believe the bullshit you spew up there , so clearly you have an agenda . 
  or maybe you have no critical thinking , that would be even sadder . 
  go watch some a3 !, 
  really ? 
  then tell me , who is more patriotic ? 
  me , who left for education . 
  but has not missed a single vote in his life , woke up at 7am to go to hamburg 100 km to vote for the presidential elections ( due to the queues ) and then went 300 km to muchen and stayed overnight to vote at the parliamentarian elections in december , or a good fellow who could n't move his ass 5 minutes to vote and then wonders why psd are slapping us with their dick now ? 
  and many people in diaspora have also held protests in support . 
  but go on , stay in your glasshouse , hate everyone who left cause they had some better opportunities or better life they could n't get in romania . 
  schadenfraude at best . 
  you are just a sad sad fellow , regardless if you are patriotic or not . 
  * mamaliga intensifies *, 
  slavic is language group , just like latin too . 
  calling people slavic who do not speak a slavic language or latin when they do not speak a romance one is simply retarded !, 
  honestly , stop with this bullshit , but `` genetically '' you are . 
  there is no such thing as genetically slav , or genetically latin . 
  romanians are much closer genetically to bulgarians and serbians , we have a balkan group actually with croats too and even hungarians , and we have very mixed genes and a gene common only to us . 
  czechs are probably genetically quite germanic , russia is genetically surprisingly finish , french are a mix too . 
  genetically groups and cultural groups are different from language groups , stop throwing words around and turning everything to nonsense . 
  romania is a latin country , which is genetically balkanic and culturally at a mix of balkanic , eastern europan , and central european cultures . 
  and our cusine is ottoman !!!, 
  i that 's it .
