  what dafuq , why was it done by cronica carcotasiolor ? 
  could n't anyone tell mihai bendeac or miki has to do one ? 
  any of those 2 , but no , it had to be cronica ... great !, 
  they actually did n't mention the epic sax guy , what a waste . 
  they are also the only country were you can still experience soviet lifestyle in europe :d they and north korea :(, 
  you 're lying , but the username checks out . 
  i tell you what we hate about our country !, 
  that 's what !, 
  yep , a good one :d, 
  anyhow , i made a post on / r/romania to stop with these posts , most people seem to agree . 
  and this one was removed too for low quality , so i guess things solved themselves . 
  sorry , maybe i took your message as a personal attack since you seemed to have a problem with my objective statement and that i guess annoyed me a bit . 
  sorry again . 
  i do n't know why you are so aggressive towards me , you even down-voted me ... 
  i never said i support this trend , i just provided some facts over why i think some people are like that right now . 
  and i did n't particularly refer to le pen but to the whole movement , happening all over europe . 
  le pen is just one of many , starting from brexit , to trump , etc. 
  i also think in this scenario nationalism is not that bad , especially when you have none . 
  romanians really needed some , it really pissed me off considering how much shit westerners or british media were throwing at us romanians were just accepting and accepting , by now the government should 've sued the british media 10 times or sth . 
  the last part of the massage just sounds unnecessarily aggressive , i get it , we are the shit of europe and we need to sit quietly in our place , not to piss the lords from luxemburg . 
  happy now ? 
  i mean wtf , i thought just the posting trend pissed you off , like me . 
  but it seems you actually have a problem with romanians thinking they are doing something better than other europeans ( true or not , whatever that might be ) and you just can not stand it . 
  you are a bit of an asshole honestly ... 
  bad news !!!!, 
  you 're technically 6th :(, 
  you need to see it in a bit of perspective . 
  romania was always this poor agricultural back water fought over by x empire and y empire . 
  most of the time we did n't even rule ourselves , and when we did , we mostly had crazy dictators , be it a fascist one ( antonescu ) or a communist one ( ceausescu ) , so romanians had a huge inferiority complex towards fellow eu . 
  should 've gone to romania 7 years ago , as a westerner you would 've picked up chicks so easily :p now it 's a bit harder . 
  back to present , now we have a disgusting wave of nationalist politics build mostly on propaganda , lies , and alternative facts . 
  and at those times , in romania happens this beautiful thing that never did before , this rebirth of national pride and civic will . 
  that 's were those messages come from , i think romanians hope that by doing this it will make all those le pen and ukip voting westerners realize they are wrong , although they only seem patronizing sadly , cause they are doing it a bit too much :( sorry . 
  as much as i like this new wave of pride in romanians , since we always had an annoying inferiority complex , especially towards westerners , i think we 're a bit too high right now xd i think the message is because of ukip , le pen , wilders , swedish democrats , sons of odin or whatever bullshit , and all those nationalists groups rising in the west right now , making it look like the west is slowly losing its values or sth . 
  but i do n't think we are the ones to give the west lessons about that . 
  we 're afraid he is just trying to quench down the protests . 
  do n't give in until something is signed !!!!!, 
  and the prime-minister signs his resignation afterwards too !, 
  killing our leaders and coup d'etats ? 
  :d remember , since 1900 we had not less than 5 coup d'etat , the one psd is doing now can be called a 6th  ), 
  true :( still amazing in a way , romania has never in its history been richer than croatia . 
  this year was actually a first . 
  also surpassing turkey and in certain ways russia too ( as in average citizens not oligarchs ) which were the nations which conquered romania all the time in the past . 
  too bad it will go to shit , i was optimistic we could surpass hungary too :p, 
  sorry then :( english is not my first language . 
  we will defend `` democracy '' ( ours ) ftfy, 
  i was wrong . 
  those countries have more in banks , but now in their own ground , which could be dug one day . 
  no we wo n't . 
  most romanians trust the eu much more than our own politicians . 
  i mean sure , the propaganda channel can try to use that , but there 's no way they will change public opinion immediately . 
  propaganda takes some time ... 
  amazing :d, 
  it 's fine  i know , and this is a huge problem with western media . 
  we were accepted in the eu and the `` western '' world only in form , when it come to caring abut each other , or solidarity , we always get shafted :( except for when a romanian gypsy pickpockets someone in britain , then you can be sure the entire media will talk about the gypsy stealing romanians ... fuck all really ... edit : sometimes they even fake news by bribing locals , like these http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/699440/romania-threaten-sky-news-reporter-gun-smuggle-report https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2234193/kinder-egg-slaves-aged-just-six-are-being-paid-22p-an-hour-for-13-hour-shifts-making-the-toys-hidden-inside-chocolate-treats/ both were faked , and the interviewed were paid for it . 
  actually they were not even ethnic romanians , but from the szeckey minority which hates romania anyway ( think of romania 's version of catalonia ), 
  and that 's why you never blindly listen to stereotypes ... romania is the country richest in gold deposits ( edit ) in eu , also one of the only net producers of oil with norway and self sustaining , the first oil refinery in the history of europe was here , vital for the nazis in ww2 . 
  also the only eu country which still has virgin forests , wolves , lynxes and 66 % of the entire brown bear population of europe . 
  there is more to `` richness '' then cash , but we 're not that poor anyway , if you do n't compare us with germany , but with our neighbors . 
  in my defense , i did n't down vote you :p it looked like an honest mistake . 
  sigh romanians not romani , those are the gypsies ... 
  there are so many other posts about what is going on . 
  just read another one or go on bloomberg or reuters . 
  you will see there what is going on ... 
  feeling so proud right now :( wish i could be there , zurich is with you boys . 
  we had a small meeting here too , at the rathaus , but i we will matter , but you guys will !, 
  impalement or guillotine ? 
  this is the question !, 
  clearly 45000 eur is not significant for the super rich romania . 
  not even worth mentioning !, 
  romania was getting cleaner , but not as fast as you thought . 
  and the mentality was still that of a post communist country , especially among the older , and mentalities do n't change for lifetimes usually . 
  the young change , but romania does n't make children and most of them ( like me ) are in the west , so they do n't count that much anymore anyway ( although they are in the streets right now , at least ) . 
  most of the media was still owned by corrupt people , most of whom got prosecuted during this anti-corruption drive . 
  the most viewed channels : antena3 is owned by voiculescu , a guy in prison . 
  romania tv is owned by sebastian ghita , a guy who ran from the country during the investigation and is not on the eu most wanted list . 
  they promised to `` clean '' those guys up and many others . 
  so they got the key players , the media , which they used to heavily manipulate the rural population ( 50 % of the country ) which only watch tv and are not highly educated , so they tend to believe what the `` smart '' guys on tv tell them . 
  as a result , with lies of higher pensions , better life , less taxes , better healthcare , they got the vote . 
  this worked cause due to the post communist corruption , people started thinking that who lies more will do at least half of what they lie ( bullshit i know , but this was the mentality ) and psd lied the most . 
  for the first time usr and even pnl ( to a certain extent ) tried to lead a clean honest campaign , but that bit them in the ass due to the above mistrust and post communist mentality . 
  but they said nothing about amnesty , absolutely fucking nothing !!!, 
  it 's amazing , but even their brainwashed supporters are angered right now . 
  this is clearly done only for them , in the most miserable disgusting way . 
  and this is the first fucking thing they do , as if this is why those poor gullible people voted them for . 
  and here we are , people who stole under 50000 euros are not arrested anymore , cause 50000eur is clearly a small sum for romanians . 
  but that poor bastard who tried to steal a chicken to feed his family and got caught , no , he stays in prison . 
  you draw your own answer ... 
  from tonight !, 
  how i wish i was in bucharest right now !!, 
  they give us no choice , it 's high noon for the real revolution to happen , since as we all know , the first one was just a fake cover up !, 
  corruption no more , equality for everyone !!, 
  fuck the church too , i have good friends who are gay , and they are 1000 times more reasonable than the average psd voter !!!, 
  the romanian one is an eagle , a lion , an ox , 2 dolphins ... oh a 2nd eagle , wait this one is on a bridge , all inside another eagle . 
  too bad we did n't place some wolves , bears , lynxes , maybe a bat or a dragon in there . 
  could 've been the true mythical zoo nation :d, 
  productive ... 
  just be thankful we do n't have the gypsy stereotype in common :p, 
  do n't give in guys !, 
  these protests make me wish i was in romania right now , i wan na be there :(,
