see ? 
  we even have our own selective versions of mini-me in common . 
  in denial , history rejecting mini-mes under constant foreign influence and who are basically semi-failed states . 
  the true philosophical question is though ... is moldova romania 's macedonia ? 
  or is macedonia bulgaria 's moldova ? 
  meh , probably both of them are spain 's portugal !, 
  how the fuck did we end up in 1 latin and 1 slavic nation ? 
  honestly ... martenisa too , the cake we eat at a burial too , the other special cakes for religious holidays ( forgot their name ) , and so on . 
  our countries are like some weird country version of conjoined twins or some shit . 
  yep , we also call them \u0219vabi : * \u0219 as in german sch . 
  it 's because that 's how we call our own german ethnics mainly . 
  i think most romanians overrate our hate for hungary . 
  i mean i came from oltenia , one of the most nationalistic regions of romania ( and backwards too ) . 
  do people belittle hungarians needlessly , calling them `` bozgori '' and stupid stuff ? 
  yes . 
  but i asked many people if they really wished something happened to hungarians or if they would become friends with one , and most said they do n't and they wouldnt mind since they 're `` like us '' . 
  for russia its hate ... definitely hate . 
  then again , the same deal , if a romanian meets a russian we tend to become friends for some reason ( like my russian best friend and my russian crush xd ) . 
  it 's probably due to all the honorary slavs remarks i make :p but poland truly is amazing . 
  the amount of wide spread ignorance in hating an entire country in such a large % of your entire population due to a minority it 's amazing in a way . 
  add to that our history together , stuck in similar historical scenarios , the million of polish refugees in romania , the historically very good relations between the governments ... it just makes it amazing that they can still keep the hate somehow . 
  sadly , although i am sure there are some romanians too ... 
  i think it 's mostly gypsies from romania . 
  the ones in italy are definitely romanians thou . 
  as a so called `` orthodox '' i wan na say fuck the romanian church too , but what do i know ... daniel is the god emperor !, 
  has it ever occurred to your narrow mind that maybe a huge part of all this hatred is exactly because the far right ( and honestly the majority in most western countries ) treat roma and romanians as the same ? 
  let me tell you , i grew up in a village with a gypsy community very close . 
  i had childhood gyspy friends and in general their community was quite present in my region ( oltenia ) . 
  and i met a gyspy math olympic , whose mother was a math teacher . 
  those that lived close to me had a stable house and were rather ok ( although still poor , and they still married their daughter when she was 14 , i was 12 and she was a friend ) . 
  never seen her since then , i think they married her to this 30 something italian guy . 
  the idea still hunts me to this day . 
  but back to the present , good or bad , one thing is certain for me . 
  that is , this amount of hatred was n't this big before we joined the eu . 
  they were discriminated alright , but not this hated . 
  but then we joined , then they went to the west , than most europeans through all this hate and blame on romanians . 
  and guess what romanians did ? 
  they naturally took all the hate and blame , maybe even multiplied it , and threw it on the gypsies . 
  this idea that romanians and romas are viewed the same which seems so funny and ironic to you , is maybe the biggest reason for all the growing hate and xenophobia right now in romania . 
  so stop being so smug and write retarded statements thinking you know better . 
  when it comes to gypsies , believe me , you just do n't !, 
  most westerners or americans think they know the problem . 
  because blacks here , jews there , it 's all the same right ? 
  no it 's fucking not . 
  and assholes who ( out of a sense of superiority ) try to push this idea do n't even understand the most basic fact that each problem is individual by nature , especially when it comes to things such as sentiments in humans . 
  and just as that , i remember a quote from a blog someone who visited romania wrote . 
  `` do n't tell romanians you know more about gypsies they do n't do . 
  they will just think you are a hypocritical fool . 
  they will tell you that you do not have the experience . 
  and guess what ? 
  they will be right ! '', 
  i do agree that a clean truly left party is necessary in romania . 
  sadly , psd owns all the brand and influence when it comes to the idea of a left . 
  so a left party will probably only be accepted if it starts somewhere from them . 
  and honestly , i just do n't think they are capable ( or even have the will ) to allow for a clean left party to exist :(, 
  all would make sense , except for the part were you completely ignore the fact that the only thing the social democrats ever did was to support this inequality , and electing some selfish corrupt populists like them will never solve the problem ... 
  italy is calling !, 
  it feels ignored !, 
  making grammar stops and separating sentences at times is advised !, 
  it will make the point you 're trying to make get across better . 
  not that the absolutely idiotic point , which you tried to make , should be conveyed to anyone . 
  you seem to have a personal problem with romanians honestly . 
  did one get the raise you wanted ? 
  have you told him that romania has officially surpassed croatia last year in richness ? 
  maybe that will make him feel less offended , or more ... who knows :d ps : i refuse to believe the name pula is a coincidence . 
  i have a feeling some istro-romanians were involved in picking it xd, 
  yes culture !, 
  their fucking culture !, 
  what a truth you said !, 
  waiting for the roma to be culturally romanian , i will bless that day !, 
  change your username to cherrypickingwhatsconvinientismylifegoal !, 
  honestly , i could give all the long reasons , response , and attitudes necessary . 
  but it is clear to me that your opinion is already formed , and just like a trump voter in a way , everyone is just wasting their time with you . 
  of course , you are on the other side of `` formed opinionist '' , the egalitarian sjw who think solutions come out of thin air , and we will just wave or magic flute which will turn romania in a richer country than france or germany for whatever period is necessary for them not to leave anymore , and we will magically integrate them in 1 year ( since not succeeding in 700 was just pure bad luck ) , and then we will all live happily ever after . 
  go read a fairy tail , you 're completely disconnected from reality !, 
  that end phrase was one of the weirdest allegories i 've ever seen . 
  were did you pick it from ? 
  completely agree . 
  but there is no `` reason '' for any people of another ethnicity to go through all the headaches , troubles , waste of resources to make sure that this unruly minority can not find a way to be unruly and needs to adapt . 
  at the end , what you just said is that their situation is mostly their fault . 
  that 's mostly because of the nature of european societies , which have became so progressive that now you do n't need to adapt to anything , or do n't even require basic survival instincts anymore to survive . 
  to be the retards of the cool kids , or the geniuses of the retard kids . 
  that is the question !, 
  technically we were never third world . 
  we were allied with the ussr , so that would make us second world . 
  actually countries in our region have been second world in any definition of the word possible ... only we ( and our neighbors ) like to call ourselves 3rd world for some reason . 
  huh , i do n't think it refers to that . 
  i mean hungary , poland are still developing countries too you know :p plus , we 're romania . 
  we will always have stuff to improve !, 
  ( we have n't even scrapped the surface ) edit : minus , remember who we elected . 
  expect a potential drop next year :(, 
  ukrainian i get it ... but why would the 3 moldovans on reddit care ? 
  damn ... 
  i never though about it too much , but that 's actually true :d all our neighbors say we originate from the other side of our country , it 's so contradictory it 's hilarious :d, 
  a honorific brigade basically . 
  something like 30ish men going through the march . 
  slovakia always sends its military at romania 's national day parade :d i wonder why ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i could not feel prouder to see famous romanian general napoleon bonea partescu in front of the sphinx . 
  the romanian empire sure was great , right ? 
  that 's more due to complete lack of sexual education in school and education in general .
