   because they want to let telekom do the work , then they cry monopoly and want access to the lines that were paid by telekom . 
  and then everyone blames telekom because they do n't want to invest in new technologies . 
  so wait a minute , this provides libertarians with an argument ... to get rid of regulations ? 
  did i mention stealing ? 
  what has been given to the eu can be given back by the same eu . 
  this whole ceta thing proves we need to give the power of making trade agreements back to the individual member states . 
  the netherlands , belgium ( minus the whiny walloons ) , the uk , ireland and denmark would love to have both ttip and ceta . 
  how about giving the states their rights back ? 
  could be worse . 
  east of stettin ( whatever the polish spelling may be ) there 's even a bit of reichsautobahn , complete with its original concrete and tiny stones for the entrance and exits . 
  someone 's been taking rt too seriously, 
  arguably , no new cabinet means no controversial changes in legislation , so more investor certainty , leading to more investments . 
  did someone say putting 3 people in the ch\u00e2teau de versailles ? 
  would make a great sitcom, 
  because his family has n't held the french monarchy since 1830 . 
  [ willem-alexander did serve in the navy on active duty for 3 years . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/prins_willem-alexander_als_ltz3.jpg ) he was on reserve until being crowned king . 
  and whoever has the current claim to the french throne , of course . 
  and only because we 've underinvested for years , otherwise we 'd be able to do it ourselves . 
   how often are those islands attacked ? 
  so what you 're saying is that the eu needs to be held together using blackmail and threats ? 
  article 6 for the purpose of article 5 , an armed attack on one or more of the parties is deemed to include an armed attack : * on the territory of any of the parties in europe or north america , on the algerian departments of france , on the territory of or on the islands under the jurisdiction of any of the parties in the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer ; * on the forces , vessels , or aircraft of any of the parties , when in or over these territories or any other area in europe in which occupation forces of any of the parties were stationed on the date when the treaty entered into force or the mediterranean sea or the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_17120.htm ) with the algeria part being inapplicable since 1962 . 
  that ` movement ' has become unelectable , and with the people still being soured by the lib dems , effectively makes the uk a single party system ruled by the tories . 
  occupation of scotland by the crown , anyone ? 
   then nato is impossible , too . 
  nato countries can act on their own . 
  see : iraq , with france and germany not participating . 
  designing and building aircraft takes a long time . 
  the typhoon has been talked about since the late 1970s , while the jsf ( later on f-35 ) project started back in the early 1990s . 
  so the program is n't taking exceptionally long . 
  the typhoon suffers from design by politicians ( even worse than committee ) ; because the centre fuselage is produced in germany , the front fuselage is produced in the uk , the right wing is produced in spain and the left wing is produced in italy . 
  in what way is this efficient ? 
  also , the typhoon has been in service for more than 10 years , and still suffers from problems . 
   there is n't a single airbus a380 used by a single american carrier, 
  iraq would eventually have collapsed under saddam hussein . 
  even saddam 's own advisors told him that getting too close with religious loonies would eventually mean the end of his regime . 
  and on the very other side of the world , wallis et futuna . 
  as french as paris . 
   so much of the eu 's military might left with the uk . 
  now to not be weak we need to team up and build a military that can do what we need it to , even without the uk . 
  we 'd be nothing without nato . 
  we 'd be a continent where most countries barely spend any money on defense , with no us and canada helping us out when we inevitably screw up . 
  those us military bases in your beloved germany are n't free , mate . 
   at the same time , the pressure to interese military spending is n't attached to a demand that it be spent in the us, 
   because the u.k. have always chosen to be tied to u.s. in business , military technologies , politics rather than with a e.u. 
  they consider weak and who they never trusted in . 
  maybe , just maybe , those sonic booms messed with people 's health . 
  a thoroughly political decision , because germany is unwilling to spend the money themselves . 
   united we are ~ ~ strong ~ ~ constantly infighting, 
   the eu army could develop shared capacities that are too expensive for individual countries . 
  satellite intelligence , airlift capacity , aircraft carriers and landing ships ... 
  little countries can cooperate , but why would you want to jam an unwanted superstate through their throats using the same forum for cooperation ? 
   you do n't convince them , you order them . 
  its called solidarity among members . 
  and for this reason further expansion of the eu is n't too bad , since a paralyzed eu ca n't form a superstate . 
   and even if an eu army is formed , it would coexist with national armies , not replace them . 
  oh stop this ` american colonialism ' bullshit, 
   then we should disband nato . 
  it is based on the premise that he would . 
  wallis et futuna are in the pacific . 
  a tad bit closer to other countries . 
  an eu army wo n't and should n't happen . 
  27 nations controlling an army just leads to too many chefs in the kitchen ( and one central command would n't be under civilian control ) . 
  also , a couple of eu countries have a commitment to defend other countries ' territory , which may be on the other side of the planet . 
  you 'll never convince polish soldiers to defend some small french or dutch island on the other side of the planet . 
   which they used to get the tests as lax yet only for diesel cars, 
  this . 
  domestic consumption in germany is ridiculously low [ and it 's fucking over the eurozone , heck , the world economy . 
  ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/blog/ben-bernanke/2015/04/03/germanys-trade-surplus-is-a-problem/ ), 
   vw had to have received this advice , but they did n't listen . 
  that 's the part i ca n't wrap my head around , unless they have an arrogance that is beyond the bounds of my comprehension . 
  the people in the boardroom assume everything works like it does in germany , or they have the same outdated view of the us , as if it were the wild west with cowboys and vigilantes . 
   maybe if europe had any intend in upholding the law we would n't need the us to punish our criminals . 
  notably : the fifa , which would still be chaired by blatter if the fbi had n't come in and saved the day . 
  which one is it ? 
  here in the netherlands road tax is higher for diesel cars too ( based on weight ) . 
  but it 's quite a bit different in the uk ( road tax used to be based on co2 emissions which helped diesel a lot ) , france ( no road tax , but lower fuel duty for diesel ) , belgium ( road tax complicated , but favoring diesel ), 
  we should invest more in mental healthcare , otherwise loonies like / u/mordikken will be able to reach the internet, 
   european car makers made cars that were popular among europeans that happened to do well on many parameters diesels are only popular because diesel has a lower fuel tax in pretty much every european country but switzerland , along with lower road tax in most countries . 
  fuel tax for petrol should be lowered while the fuel tax on diesel should be the same as the petrol one . 
  it 's called the free market . 
  nobody will say it because it 's just rantings of a lunatic , who is unable to accept that his ideology is deader than disco . 
  he 'd go for a full eu military invasion of the us to punish them for something so frivolous as a german bank getting punished for breaking the law . 
  and then the nukes would be raining over amsterdam , berlin , brussels , paris , etc. 
  and the brits shall rejoice , as they fortunately have left this dystopian vision in time . 
   and it will only get worst . 
  the day the eu gets it 's own unified army , is the day nato dies , because the us does not share superpower stratus . 
  they would rather seek a joint temporary partnership with russia than to see a defiant europe that is actively trying to `` grow beyond their control '' . 
      and this is exactly why we need a fucking army . 
  lest we 'll be bitchslapped around by the putins and tumps and farages of this world . 
  not to mention saudi scum . 
  is eurojingoism a thing now ? 
  also , deutsche broke the law . 
  they are facing the consequences . 
  the us still has something called ` rule of law ' . 
  if it were up to me i 'd keep on prosecuting deutsche into oblivion , to make an example out of them - to show that not cooperating wo n't be taken to too kindly . 
   but also were set with diesel engines in mind no , the eu has more relaxed nox/particulate emissions norms ( and some other requirements ) specifically for diesel engines because ... nobody really knows . 
  oh wait , i know , for protectionism . 
  petrol cars have always had more stringent norms on emissions in the eu , even though more kilometers are driven with diesel cars , so diesels basically got a free pass .
