they never mentioned ukraine shot down the mh17 . 
  what they did mention is how the government is acting like they 're covering up something ( like opstelten saying the complete opposite of something he said 6 months earlier on camera then denying he ever said that ), 
  hard stance ? 
  one of our prime minister 's election promises was to not give greece a third support package . 
  yet when the eu starts talking about the third support package the netherlands is the first country to transfer the money . 
  remember , goldman sachs ( & friends ) betted on the eurozone breaking it 's own rules and bailing out greece . 
  and lo and behold , they did !, 
  gaining them massive profits as a result . 
  yet if a bank collapses the taxpayer is expected to support the bank , while the executives can retire without having to worry about any legal problems . 
  support to greece is n't covered by the law iirc . 
  and nobody exactly knows what the eu 's agenda is tomorrow , so we do n't know when a treaty appears . 
  the eu institutions are sending the people 's money straight to the creditors via greece . 
  the banks get all the profit , the public all the losses . 
  is n't that called a banana republic ? 
  to add to that : the eu does n't know where financial aid to it 's own member states is going , how can we expect them to know where it 's going to if it 's bound for one of the most corrupt nations in europe ? 
  but neither will the eu . 
  they 're still busy raping greece over and over again . 
  but does n't solidarity need priorities ? 
  if your own house is on fire , are you going extinguish the house on the other side of town first ? 
  also the people were n't asked about central and eastern european membership either . 
  you 're ashamed of the fact that the people will finally get a say over it ? 
  ( ironically during the dutch presidency of the eu ), 
  if there was a more relevant target ( e.g. 
  lisbon treaty v2 ) they 'd pick that , except that it there was n't . 
  this happens to be the only one . 
  unless another cheat is unveiled in the eu , maybe even affecting their t ( f ) si engines . 
  counter-measures , huh ? 
  is the star wars project returning ? 
  yet people use them to claim asylum status in the eu ( aka germany ) while in reality they 're from god-knows-where . 
  the eu combined , yes . 
  coincidentally it also has one of the world 's biggest regional inequality . 
  then croatia should get themselves a fence too . 
  if the eu was n't ran by boneheaded ` problem ? 
  what problem ? ', 
  politicians they could even subsidize it . 
  it turns out that it 's pretty easy to get your hands on a fake syrian passport ( even our prime minister mark ` malek ramadan ' rutte is a syrian these days ) . 
  iirc it cost an additional $ 75 to get your hands on a fake syrian university degree in the field of your choice . 
  and germany gives ` refugees ' more money than hungary . 
  once it enters service ( it 'll take another 5 years at this rate ) it 'll probably be . 
  why the hell was design by committee seen as acceptable for a fighter jet ? 
  if juncker wants more popular support for his project , then why the hell are all deals made in back rooms ? 
  the return of true democracy , not being bound by stupid eu directives , rules and laws that are common sense yet have been legislated by the eu ( if bliar had n't done it yet ), 
  but do they have the logistical capability to support a big operation on the other side of the world ? 
   and have never even faced an invasion, 
  and once again america clears up the mess we make . 
  the us is simply better than europe . 
  he probably has the beeb on his tv . 
  yes . 
  eastern europe very horrible . 
  do n't go there . 
  people mow you down with stolen mercedes and put video of it on internet . 
  ( on a more serious note , funny how much has changed over the last 25 years ), 
  the outcry however ... 
  me too . 
  doel is the least of my worries . 
  2 big terror attacks happening relatively shortly after each other linked to the same country , heck , the same neighborhood , heck , the same people ? 
  i 'd call that a hub . 
  labour is the party that enacted those laws in the first place . 
   the haircut would be done to a very small amount of money it 's still theft . 
   electronicintifada yup , biased . 
  there would be an outcry within the us because european countries have systematically underspent on defense , and then the us has to spend their money to clean up the mess ? 
  is there a moment when anti-semites will not try to push their agenda ? 
  100 % taxes on everything . 
  scientists working around the clock to find a way to tax oxygen usage ? 
  we 'd all finally get democracy . 
  it makes an invasion even less likely to succeed without turning it into a suicide mission . 
  even though israel allegedly had nukes during the yom kippur war and was allegedly on the verge of using the samsom option . 
   who was more interested in flipping back to ms and then ms swiftly got rid of him . 
  horribly biased article . 
  the title implies she spent time in a concentration camp , while the article states this  as a teenager , she left her native germany in 1939 on a kindertransport -- the name for efforts to rescue european children of the era to the relative safety of britain -- where she spent the war years . 
  godwinning israel is n't a good idea either . 
  the only thing that worries me about brexit is that things will get worse for everyone not leaving the eu ; as britain was the only bloc of moderation . 
  but i do n't want to see the brits suffer , so please vote leave so we can finally see how it would work in reality . 
  it 's almost as if they do n't want acceptance from the average austrian . 
   while on the other we help greek companies escape those taxes through the netherlands it 's almost as if our country has an interest in not helping greece . 
  lol . 
  i can even get paid for doing this ? 
  brb applying for a job . 
   the occupation of palestine palestine has n't even existed . 
  i 've never heard about hasbara up until this day . 
  your sites also ignore the fact that israel has the iron dome ( the efficacy of it still being disputed ) , the fact that hamas uses women and children as human shields ( their network of terror tunnels is only for their own usage ) , the fact that israel has better ways of counting casualties , and that countthekids is ran by the bds movement , and therefore is n't neutral at all and has their own cryptoantisemitic agenda to push . 
  even palestinians . 
  remember , the west bank is n't part of israel and israel does n't consider it as such . 
  it 's still being occupied , with everything an occupation entails . 
  people have the freedom to live where they want to . 
  besides , there are many reasons why american jews do n't want to live in israel , like safety , high cost of living , etc. 
  the area used to be part of the ottoman empire . 
  after wwi they lost it ( legitimately ) and it became mandatory palestine . 
   one is a religious group, 
  there is a difference between the jewish people and judaism . 
  while there is an overlap between the jewish people and judaism , they 're 2 different things . 
  a jew can renounce his judaism , but he 'll always remain jewish . 
  and before that pretty much nobody lived there . 
  it was a desert inhabited by nomadic tribes . 
  and no person of dutch ethnicity was killed for the sole reason of having dutch ethnicity in , say , france or germany . 
  jews were expelled , victims of mass discrimination , pogroms and all sorts or other shit , occasionally even in the new world . 
   zionist apartheid state, 
  it is when people deny even the existence of the jewish people , whom have a legitimate claim to their lands . 
  newsflash : the romans were n't completely successful at removing all jews from their lands . 
  and the netherlands * is * a dutch state .
