  instead standards were made weaker just to accommodate diesels . 
  meanwhile the us went the more rational route . 
  [ california was already aware of the risks of nox and fine particles by the early 1980s and introduced a smog check program that greatly improved air quality in california ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_smog_check_program ) . 
  during the same period of time air quality got worse in european cities because europe does not want american vehicles ( protectionism ) and thus diesel became the preferred fuel even when the downsides were widely known 20 years before that . 
  how about instituting environmental standards that are n't completely ridiculous like europe 's . 
  is there any rational reason why diesel cars are allowed to emit more nox and fine particles than gasoline cars ? 
   the result is that finland has a much older car population than countries with similar income levels . 
  old cars emit several times more than what we consider `` pollutant '' new cars . 
  a new range rover is several times cleaner than an early 00s corolla . 
  so why is one paying $ 50k in tax and the other next to nothing ? 
   so if we really wanted to be environmentally friendly we 'd move to a higher yearly tax system that reaches all vehicles . 
  because the people who keep on to their 90s and early 00s vehicles do not paying their fair share of the carbon footprint . 
  this is n't necessarily true . 
  the production of a car has a pretty high carbon footprint and manufacturers have gotten better at cheating over the years ( a brand new golf tdi is n't much cleaner than a 20 year old golf tdi ), 
  are you comparing leaving the eu to abolishing democracy ? 
   they all are the ones most interested in keeping the status quo , or as close as possible . 
  it 's not as if we both have a common interest ( not losing trade ) as well as a very eurosceptic electorate . 
  hollande was n't conflict-averse unlike sarkozy or [ chirac ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/8850710 ) . 
  hollande actually tried to battle the unions . 
  chirac and sarkozy backed down at the first sign of trouble . 
  chirac and sarkozy were the two edward heaths france really did n't need . 
  [ also , hollande was far from a weakling on the international stage . 
  ] ( http://www.worldaffairsjournal.org/article/hollande-hawk-unlikely-ally-emerges ) unfortunately , perception is a lot different . 
  the poverty line is relative though . 
   in the uk the main party 's are at fault . 
  they do absolutely nothing for eu elections there 's zero publicity about them and most people do n't even know they are happening . 
  this leaves the field wide open for the likes of ukip to have a free hand with no real opposition . 
  british eurosceptics actually bother to turn out to vote in ep elections . 
  dutch eurosceptics ( the pvv ) do n't even bother to vote . 
  that 's also the reason why d66 ( our europhile party ) always wins ep elections here - they turn out to vote . 
  i 'm even willing to call the dutch ep delegation unrepresentative . 
  and the best way to fix it is by handing the place over to people who are skeptical about the institution yet want to make it work . 
  case in point : margaret thatcher . 
   even more ironic , the parliament provides a platform for these lawmakers to network and coordinate their anti-europe efforts -- and to get paid for it . 
  they have formed political groups , the main organizational units of parliament , which allow them to qualify for an array of privileges . 
   prominent members like mr. weber want to block funding for anti-european parties -- including the alliance for peace and freedom , which has three representatives from greece 's neo-fascist golden dawn and one from the neo-nazi national democratic party of germany in parliament . 
  that entitled the party to nearly $ 400,000 last year . 
  wait a minute . 
  so the writer of this article suggests the eu ought to stop funding people who are against its existence ? 
  i 'd say it levels the playing field . 
  i 'm personally opposed to any public funding of politics but at least level the playing field . 
   to be fair , at least in germany they did not want to cooperate with the social democrats fought them as one of their main enemies . 
  that obviously made it easier for hitler to seize power . 
  the ideology behind that was called social fascism in fact , walter ulbricht ( yes , the first leader of east germany ) once shared a stage with joseph goebbels on orders from moscow . 
  the whole idea behind the nsdap-kpd cooperation was `` their turn first , our turn afterwards '' . 
  moscow came to regret that . 
  big time . 
  which also proves that communists never cared about the plight of workers instead being obsessed with their own ridiculous ideology . 
  so much this . 
  france has been denied the thatcher it needs for many years . 
  let 's hope macron is n't conflict-averse and starts a conflict with the unions immediately after the parliamentary election . 
  even though communists also have a history of cooperating with nazis and fascists . 
  so it 's not even that illogical . 
   she 's using all the available cards to her , to distance herself from the fn in the eyes of the young the young do n't remember the fn of old . 
  the old however ... 
  the fi people are like the kpd back in the weimar republic - they 'd rather have an extremist than a moderate - no matter what the political color of the extremist is . 
  if hollande actually were merkel 's puppet the elys\u00e9e would have been stormed a long time ago ( considering the whole budget deficit thing ) . 
  i 'm an eurosceptic but i 'd vote for macron . 
  for french standards macron 's reforms ( once derided as anglo-saxon evil by the so-called right-wing chirac ) would be revolutionary . 
   what if people think macron would be a catastrophe and would higher the chance of a le pen victory come 2022 ? 
  why accelerate it then ? 
   the un system is based on retroactive punishment , not prevention by combat . 
  and this is exactly why the un will never prevent atrocities . 
   one of the things i hope we commit to if/when we made this ` eu army ' thing is a commitment to peacekeeping operations . 
  and said obsession is why i hope an eu army will never happen . 
  afghanistan , yemen , libya and syria all were missions with an un mandate . 
  the rise of unilateralism began after the failure of many un missions and the un 's institutional deadlock ( with the iraq war being a good example of the us going in themselves instead of waiting until saddam starts throwing wmd 's or him massacring civilians ), 
   and too old to cover it in school . 
  srebrenica has been covered in history classes for some time now ( thank god ) alongside rwanda ( in the list of the un 's failures ) interestingly it 's more widely covered in the lower levels whereas the higher levels just do n't cover it for some reason, 
   but i 'm definitely not going to share anything that can identify me personally , so saying ask me anything is misleading . 
  of course not . 
  has anyone ever given their cc details in an ama ? 
   i know people will say they did not have a mandate to fight but they had a moral duty as human beings that goes beyond their official mandate . 
  it would have been a catch-22 . 
  fight the serbs , get killed or captured and eventually charged with insubordination ( violation of rules of engagement ) with the bosniaks dying , or what eventually happened . 
  as far as you could call those troops armed , of course . 
  and then liesbeth zegveld ( the dutch ambulance chaser chasing ambulances which have driven away more than 20 years ago ) decided to start a witch-hunt against anyone she could possibly sue for it . 
  she sued the state which resulted in a settlement . 
  afterwards she tried to sue to get the commander ( karremans ) personally prosecuted because she wanted more . 
  fortunately that did n't end in her favor . 
   and no , indeed - the netherlands could n't just take such an action ... it would have violated every mandate and charter . 
  yet another reason why the un is seen as a total joke . 
  popular with the membership ! = popular with the electorate . 
   who on earth actually believes that letting the public dictate policy is a good idea ? 
  democracy on this basis is no better than mob rule ... . wolves and a lamb voting what to have for dinner . 
  you mean proportional representation ? 
  [ it looks more like our old parliamentary chamber . 
  ] ( https://jaarverslag2012.tweedekamer.nl/sites/jaarverslag2012/files/styles/hoofdstukfoto/public/open%20monumentendag.jpg?itok=ejyw_igi ), 
  in theory a president would be cheaper . 
  until you realize that you ca n't just bulldoze those palaces ( they 're designated monuments and would still cost money to maintain ) , a president needs elections , a protection detail for his entire family , etc. 
  ah , yes , the union state , devised by lukashenko to enhance his own power until he realized any country putting itself into an union with russia ( whether voluntarily or forcibly ) will always be doomed to be russia 's bitch . 
  funny thing about this is that if putin pushes back too hard against belarus he 'd push them right into the eu 's arms . 
  the eurozone was n't really necessary , was it ? 
  building a single market for financial services at that point would have been better . 
  well duh , there would be a single organisation . 
  but the eu could do with some downsizing and reduction in ambition . 
  a common army or military cooperation through the eu is not needed as we already have nato to achieve such things . 
  a common market is possible without an eu , it just needs to be organised differently . 
  the eu is a method , not a goal . 
  clearly that implies countries are being blackmailed to stay in the eu instead of being allowed to do so themselves .
