  ours is duller . 
  france greatest ally !, 
  we did n't mean the whole freedom fries thing / s, 
  the czech chamber of deputies looks rather . . familiar . 
  also imo france and uk look best . 
  true , true . 
  it truly is a sign of how most representatives on the lists are out of touch . 
   any unenforcable rule is a rule that parliament would have rejected on principle alone 50 years ago , but that was in the good old days when parliamentarians still had a basic political education . 
  and eurocrats never even had said education . 
  they just listen to whatever mr lobby says is good for all of us . 
  the enforceability of rules is n't a factor when deciding to put those rules in place , at least in europe . 
  free market is dead in europe . 
  brutally murdered by the european commission and individual governments . 
  schulz should quit using the word ` kampf ' . 
  they gather too much information , burying themselves in useless info like my shopping list . 
  hollande has gone full tony blair . 
  never go tony blair . 
  they 'd better give it back , or they can consider the association treaty trashed . 
  the windmill and solar panel industry . 
  greenpeace & co supporters are ` useful idiots ' . 
  we can pressure them by doing what we 've always done : trade boycotts . 
   in my humble opinion , that would not have actually been necessary because if they 're doing so well despite this incredibly transparent attempt , and had already been popular before when he was still a huge thing in the party , then their voter base does evidently not care anyway fn does seem to poll higher in their rather . . non-traditional voter base ... their popularity among the jews is certainly growing ( now that daddy le pen has been kicked out ), 
  what is it these days with intelligence services saying exactly the opposite of what politicians are saying ? 
  our politicians are naive . 
  i , for one , as a turkey , will never be voting for christmas or thanksgiving . 
  the service in stores is just light years ahead of europe . 
   but yeah , it 's really sad to see how little work has been done since the downfall of ussr to modernize the country . 
  i heard recently that 70 % of the wealth of your country is held by 1 % of its residents . 
  what a bunch of mobsters ... do n't forget that putin inherited a complete mess , after yeltsin 's economic policy ( aka selling off every company at once at the cheapest possible price ) destroyed the economy , so he had to go full damage control in the first years . 
   or our sewerage system really ca n't handle paper it 's that . 
  do n't be ashamed about it , there 's quite a few european countries ( notably greece , even before they had to pay denbts ) that have the same issue . 
  besides that , any country conquering canada would pose a huuuge risk to the us . 
  in the unlikely event of that happening , though . 
  both countries have a large armed population . 
  i have to admit , russia has turned out to be qualitatively better than expected in more recent months . 
  i 'm not sure what type it was , but most people thought only one of them was in flying condition . 
  suddenly almost the entire fleet is spotted flying over syria . 
  ( worrisome , as most western militaries have a lot of fighter jets that certainly are n't in flying condition ), 
  quantity ! = quality . 
  ( though considering russia 's military history you 'd better have some quantity too ), 
  / r/islam is filled with stockholm syndrome . 
  not even mentioning the risk of retribution , where they attack those who ignore it . 
  there 's just one snag to that . 
  many nation 's pension funds depend on a steady supply of people paying for other people 's pensions . 
  pension premiums will rise through the roof and will inevitably lead to the collapse of the whole pension system . 
  [ this is the very reason why russia needs higher birthrates ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/graphs/population-pyramids/russia-population-pyramid-2014.gif ) . 
  it 's a disaster waiting to happen . 
  all . 
  funded . 
  mosques . 
  that 's all . 
  remember , they said exactly that in the netherlands before wwii . 
  then germany invaded . 
  tax cuts will never happen in europe . 
  they 'll always find something to waste your money on . 
  still , everyone should spend 2 % of their gdp as agreed upon years ago . 
  do n't expect america to fix everything for you . 
  oh lol , adhoms coming from a throwaway . 
  also i 'm not a jingoist , i just believe that we wo n't reach a point where we can do without a military within our lifetimes . 
  i 'd consider an army suffering from equipment shortages , unavailability and personnel shortages fairly underfunded . 
  ( also are you one of those early 1990s ` end of history ' and ` no more wars in 10 years ' types ? ), 
  a literal corporatocracy ? 
  european armies are underfunded , more at 8 . 
  for me it 's the third result on google . 
  though there is n't really a ` pure ' version of it . 
  for obvious reasons , i say . 
  the book has caused enough pain and anguish . 
  already plenty of justification , including lebensraum , the international bolshevik/jewish conspiracy and the inevitability of war between them , as stated in mein kampf . 
  mussolini would have benefited from not having hitler to the north of him . 
  if hitler never happened , his regime might have lasted well into the 1960s . 
  edit : and then i forgot that stalin would be expansionist too, 
  nah , hitler conveniently used them ( while they were already refuted in russia in 1905 , the uk in 1921 and hitler even mentioned the frankfurter zeitung refuting it in mein kampf ) they were apparently plagiarized from a 19th century french political satire where the planners were n't even jewish . 
  http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10007058 there may be just a little truth in it , but that 's more likely coincidence than reality . 
  when i come across an antisemite i like to claim i 'm an elder of zion . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost wanting to enslave and exterminate the slavic race is n't really a nice thing to say , is it ? 
  mein kampf is merely a madman 's manifesto . 
  the protocols of the elders of zion can be taught to people as fact , because it implies a global conspiracy . 
  barbarossa was doomed to fail , even if it was n't delayed . 
  shifting goalposts , infighting generals , russia not having decent roads and the distance between the eastern borders of the reich and moscow ( 1000km ) resulting in lengthy supply lines easily interrupted by an hostile population behind their lines . 
  the germans also expected a weaker enemy ( guess what , exterminating your enemy makes them even more eager to fight , only the ukrainians joined them ) who would surrender once germany had conquered all of russia west of the volga ( stalin would never surrender ) . 
  had they waited until the next year ( after mussolini 's incompetence ) , they might have gotten a bit further , but russia would have gotten further too ( because stalin stopped purging the red army in 1939 , and was preparing for a war anyways ) . 
  * tl ; dr * not much would change, 
  a convenient way to incite palestinian kids against ` the evil elders of zion ' . 
  the indoctrination has been going on for 60 years now . 
  no wonder they 're so violent . 
  tell that to our lawmakers . 
  once that starts happening with full public support , you know that your power is fading . 
  they inspired hitler , hamas , and have a tendency to show up in classrooms , studied as fact , in the middle east ( notably palestinian ones ) , but do show up elsewhere , including the greek parliament . 
  this . 
  the protocols of the elders of zion is a way more dangerous book . 
  this is true . 
  the soviets planned on backstabbing hitler themselves somewhere around 1943-1945 . 
   justice and development party close enough . 
  fun fact : the hague ( our center of government ) has the fastest police response rate in the nation . 
  that 's the place where the anti self-defense laws come from . 
  laws are entirely stupid and were made by those who never even seen any crime ; and where the police always show up on time . 
  when turkey committed genocide , yes . 
  something they have quite a bit of experience with . 
  you forgot the part where they ethnically cleansed the indigenous population . 
  and when a country does something bad , we 're the first to start pointing the finger .
