  but the difference between the jews and the dutch is that the dutch did n't get persecuted almost anywhere they went , the jews did . 
  there is only one state for the jewish people on this planet ; israel . 
  it is when they keep talking about international jewish conspiracies and trying to deny the fact that israel is a jewish ( the people , not the religion ) state to delegitimize it . 
  it 's also antisemetic when they 're being held to double standards . 
  and it 's very antisemetic to demonize israel as the only cause of every problem in the middle east , while the surrounding countries should take a long , deep look in the mirror . 
  swiss roads are so nice , but the speed limit really seems too low for their quality . 
  while in germany it 's the exact opposite . 
  but then again , the uk is technically a theocracy ( though not as bad as iran ) , mostly due to laws that are pretty damn old , heck , the magna carta is still partially in force . 
  netherlands . 
  i 'd say belgium and south afrika . 
  does anyone take the spanish judiciary seriously anymore ? 
  it seems like their biggest priority is judicial activism , ** rather than convicting the right fucking guy . 
  and then they try complaining about how the us supposedly has jurisdiction over the whole world , but the eu is just as bad in reality , if not even worse . 
  a refugee center planned to be placed in our prime minister 's neighborhood ( benoordenhout ) was blocked by his party in the hague ( vvd ) . 
  clearly this guy fails to see the difference between jewish ethnicity and judaism . 
  there 's a lot of overlap but it 's not the same . 
  it 's the same as calling arabs muslims , assuming that every arab is a muslim , and atheist arabs do n't exist . 
  it 's just uninformed panic , sadly . 
  ehhh occasionally the air quality in paris gets worse than in beijing , ffs . 
  good job , diesel . 
  i think he 's confusing gasoline and lpg/cng . 
  but then again , unemployment statistics are easily manipulated by changing the method . 
  yes . 
  aka falklands v2 . 
  i did n't know we were planning on reuniting with suid-afrika ? 
  cps should take away their children . 
  nobody should grow up with that scum . 
  crony capitalism is a better term . 
  boer republics were independent from the netherlands . 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_gray_%28mississippi%29 ) the guy managed to win a primary and 28 % of the vote , with barely any money spent . 
  golan was annexed in the literal sense of the term ( all residents are eligible for israeli citizenship , which increased israel 's arab population ) . 
  east jerusalem , judea and samaria are occupied territories . 
  fyi : the pa has no legitimacy . 
  abbas is in the 10th year of his 4 year term . 
   there are jewish enclaves in the us where the ultra orthodox can even apply their own law , and the americans are fine with it . 
  even native americans do n't have that privilege . 
  the united states is n't a jewish state , israel is . 
   there 's no room for them anywhere else saudi arabia barely takes in any refugees . 
  ending settlements would be suicide for israel . 
  but then again , the pa has no legitimacy . 
  abbas is in the 10th year of his 4 year term . 
  in what way ? 
   you 're saying israel which is the strongest state in the region militarily would face an existential threat from the west bank if it was n't occupied israel proper , at it 's narrowest point , is only 17km wide . 
  it would be an easy task for any army to split israel in two . 
  and at its narrowest point there 's also the largest population center in israel : tel aviv . 
  international law requires apartheid in the west bank . 
  giving the palestinians those civil rights would mean a de facto annexation . 
  creating the only jewish state on this planet . 
  palestinians are just arabs . 
  there are plenty of arab states . 
  there is no other jewish state . 
  the palestinians keep on sabotaging every peace effort , and as a reward france would recognize them for it ? 
  do n't reward bad behavior . 
  and without this problem being solved citizens will never approve of it . 
  european federalism wo n't work when a huge amount of the population is n't interested in the eu . 
  evidence : low voter turnout for european elections . 
  do n't do it france . 
  do n't reward bad behavior . 
  please do n't do it . 
  he does n't live in his home country anymore . 
  he does n't use its ( social ) services anymore . 
  he 's free to live wherever he wants to live . 
   all of that costs money to implement though ... 
  it 's called an investment . 
  when the uk improves education to have a very high standard of education for most of its citizens , companies will move to the uk . 
  they will pay taxes ( at least they 're supposed to ) , their employees will pay taxes . 
  we just need politicians that are willing to look beyond the next election cycle . 
  this is a great example of an `` ad hominem '' . 
  and then they intensified the eu as to have a market to dump all their products . 
   the vast majority of people have no need for guns and there 's virtually no interest in pursuing gun rights in europe . 
  and who are you to decide ? 
   i know nobody who wants one for self defence . 
  there could be many people outside your social circle that would want one . 
   that 's what the police are for . 
  and the police can be everywhere at anytime ? 
  great logic you 've got there . 
   there 's a tiny minority ( mostly online ) who play too much cod and want to emulate the us for some reason . 
   aneven smaller minority really want guns so they can open-carry and stick it to teh muzlems . 
  now you 're making up things . 
  do you have any evidence on that ? 
  and using demonizing the us as the ` wild west ' where everyone is a redneck with a machine gun and mexican standoffs happen anytime people meet each other in a bar as an argument is just silly . 
   look at the us . 
  way more accidental deaths , domestic arguments which end in spur-of-the-moment murders , shooting family members they thought were intruders etc. . . instead of actual clean-cut defence kills . 
  these things just make the news more often . 
  a burglar validly getting shot merely gets 30 seconds , when compared to a crime passionel , which ends up in court , meaning more news attention goes to it . 
  yes , the us has a higher rate of ` gun deaths ' , but there is no linear relation between gun deaths and gun ownership . 
  merely hazy correlations . 
  your arguments are shitty and you should feel shitty . 
   think of the stupidest , most idiotic , bad tempered , drunken fool you know . 
  now imagine him with an ar15 . 
  and a minority would be an argument against the vast majority ? 
   but what is a few extra million dollars when you already have an extremely stretched budget . 
  why does government keep wasting public money on stupid things like this ? 
  ( this goes both ways , iirc joe arpaio used public funds in his quest to find obama 's birth certificate ) . 
  because most of us are n't even allowed to have guns . 
  we 'd have the same rushes if the nanny state would n't interfere . 
  guns are the greatest equalizer . 
  now the physically handicapped can defend themselves against a stronger opponent with a knife . 
  considering previous deals , we will uphold our end of the bargain , turkey wo n't . 
  and before we know it all the migrants are in the eu .
