  other than the stuff you 're stationing on our borders , ` totally not russians ' vacationing in crimea , the ` walking border ' in georgia , transnistria - need i go on ? 
  which deadlocks your army 's command . 
  that sounds rather unpleasant . 
  the ec ca n't even explain how they got to that figure . 
  fortunately any cfsp decision has to be unanimously approved by the council with the ep having no say about it . 
   not a belligerent , mass murdering child like us that has been responsible for the most civilian deaths in the last two decades . 
  you mean russia ? 
   edit : eu army is happening . 
  get used to it . 
  you can whine as much as you like about nato but there is no stopping a common eu army . 
  i suggest you get used to it . 
  talk about european tyranny . 
  good thing nato is an alliance of equals , not an american protectorate - and america does not want a protectorate . 
  but with the european members chronically underspending for decades it got quite close to becoming a protectorate . 
  disastrous . 
  for some reason european joint military projects have a tendency to end up being faulty and/or over budget whereas the american stuff just works . 
  but then again , european defense integration has never been about pragmatism but about ideology . 
  which is why anyone with half a brain should n't believe brussels when they say they 're not planning on an eu army . 
   serious : basic simple english would be enough for normal soldiers for universal communication . 
  and the country that 's well known for using the english language is n't really popular in europhile circles anymore . 
  every time london burned down people started talking about finally building a proper road system . 
  and in a true british way it never happened . 
  it 's on the kansas river and was founded just before the kansas territory was established . 
  there 's also a kansas city in actual ks which is basically it 's twin on the other side of the river . 
  add the netherlands to the list too ( koninklijke marechaussee ) . 
  though they 're mostly visible as border patrol . 
  just treat it like an urban boulevard ( it 's formally not even a freeway ) by always yielding to the right and relax . 
   some things they report are n't great journalism but then again , is n't this the current state of the print media ? 
  and the dutch tend to extrapolate this to the english language , expecting a zeehond to be a seadog . 
  i forgot about ` la jupe ' . 
  i do remember who jupp\u00e9 was . 
  i feel like i 'm missing a meme here, 
  what school actually grades on pe performance ? 
  as long as you look like you put in some effort you always got a decent grade here . 
  what 's wrong with the bleep test ? 
  it 's not as if jeremy corbyn has made it hard for the papers to attack him , has he ? 
  then again , that 's the working class , which ought to be eradicated for the sake of civilization . 
  and yet those gasoline trucks emit far less nox and fine particles than a polo tdi . 
  a lot changed since then . 
  california 's emissions regulations are tighter and better enforced than the eu 's . 
  have you ? 
  and after the 1980s europe knowingly decided to promote diesel cars with weaker environmental standards even though years of american research had proven they were dirty . 
  then years later they act surprised when european cities have dirtier air than american cities ; with paris having dirtier air than fucking beijing at times . 
  all not for sale in the eu because of ridiculous eu environmental regulations not based in reality, 
  buying a chrysler has been a horrible idea since the 1950s , unless you like the emergency lane . 
  in the eu shooting itself and their citizenry in the feet by becoming horribly protectionist . 
  an organisation that is ironically harmful to animals . 
  ( considering peta shelters tend to gas most of their animals ), 
  it 's not as if stalin 's terror and oppression completely ended when that fuck finally dropped dead . 
  though you have to keep in mind that the soviet economy was completely unsustainable without terrorizing the populace . 
  shock therapy went wrong in russia due to years of institutional corruption and russia getting more shock rather than therapy . 
  point is , trump has a history of contradicting himself , sometimes within 24 hours . 
  in fact , the dutch greens have called the nuclear fusion project iter a ` nepzon ' ( fake sun ) , preferring to slash all the science budgets because hurrr the sun is a big fusion reactor why not use solar panels !!!!!, 
  which makes them anti-science too . 
  as well as the whole gmo scare thing . 
  which disproves your initial point . 
  is there anything wrong with tourists now ? 
  switzerland does n't check for id 's . 
  they merely have border guards slowing down vehicles and seemingly looking at things . 
  source : drove through switzerland a couple of days ago . 
  still counts as a travel document . 
  mostly because macron is considered to have no biases . 
  ( though the campaign hacking has given the russians a bad start ), 
  oh , i might vote on at least one of them depending on my personal context . 
  ( disclaimer : i voted rutte ) but the names i 've listed are considered nutjobs internationally . 
  well , geert wilders has 15 % of parliamentary seats ( and gained during the last election ) , austria has had the fp\u00d6 in government a few times , italy had berlusconi , the biggest party in switzerland is the svp , poland has pis and hungary has orban . 
  i would n't call european politics nutjob-free by a long shot . 
  france has never elected a proper liberal for years - and when they elect a liberal it tends to end up in cohabitation like chirac . 
  so why not give macron a chance instead of accelerating the process ? 
  this was n't the entire story . 
  the weimar republic was destabilized by proportional representation as well as the reichstag being considered for almost half by parties opposed to democracy . 
  ( notably the nsdap and kpd - the latter even cooperated with the nsdap to prevent the spd from improving the lives of workers ) . 
  then there were parties that did n't want to form a coalition with the spd because of arrogance . 
  and this is what mlp is banking on . 
  does macron have a track record then ? 
  the fascist sympathisers are still in charge . 
  marine le pen has simply been able to clean up the party 's image , not the party itself . 
  the split with jmlp was all part of that image yet the front national is still the same old fn led by jmlp . 
  in what way is it shit ? 
  macron does n't even want to touch the third rail of french politics : the 35-hour workweek and the pension age even though a french thatcher would increase both . 
  even fillon was n't a thatcherite . 
  he u-turned before even getting elected . 
  so that 's why there is no polling station in the local pub anymore :(, 
  japanese and american cars are a threat to the european market . 
  the japanese and americans were just unwilling to invest in diesel engines . 
  toyota uses bmw diesel engines for that reason ( and they banked on hybrids which might finally pay off for the european market ) . 
  also japan and the us both have more stringent pollution tests . 
  ( which is where the inefficient american car meme comes from even when using the correct gallon ), 
   has to be the protectionism angle . 
  completely unsurprising . 
   the standards were first implemented to reflect the best products of the time and then continuously lowered . 
  therefore the starting points for diesel and gas were different but they are slowly converging over time . 
  should n't environmental standards be independent from the technology it uses ? 
  if diesel is unable to make the standards for cars , maybe it is n't a good fuel after all . 
  and if we extrapolate that logic ( because that was basically the logic in that era ) it means that european politicans were willing to let the populace die of lung disease so sea levels wo n't rise . 
  interesting logic . 
  the reason obviously is protectionism . 
  ( while at the same time blaming american protectionism for making it hard to sell diesel cars even though america had decided to treat every vehicle equally ), 
   the switch was made in the 90s because we though back then that they were cleaner , completely ignoring nox for example because we thought special filters and catalytic converters could reduce diesel soot by 90 % . 
  and standards should have reflected that .
