  and since a staunch left-winger propagates it you know damn well it 's going to be unaffordable . 
  valls is probably planning to build a coalition with en marche for seats where they 'd better not compete with each other . 
  and i expect many lr members to be on the verge of endorsing macron if the fillon shitstorm starts wrecking the party . 
  so you would rather have le pen winning rather than valls attempting to put his weight against france 's best chance against le pen by fucking over the person he lost against in * le primaire * who is less likely to win than someone who wants to introduce a 100 % tax bracket for all income above $ 360k which would destroy france 's economy once and for all ? 
  meh , if klaver participates in the coalition people will end up pissed and start voting for the pvda again ( please let this happen ) . 
  ( disclaimer : i voted vvd ), 
   let me just mention mitterand , who promised everything ( 110 propositions pour la france ) , whose opponents feared a marxist transformation of society , and who ended up being a moderate president . 
  after his first term that is . 
  he first nationalized everything . 
  then in his second turn he made a complete 180 and privatized everything . 
  it still has an ability to improve ; as valls has shown with le loi el khomri . 
  too bad the primary voters do n't feel the same way and decided to elect their own jeremy corbyn who has been eclipsed by an actual communist . 
  which is why all local gun rights organisations ought to confederate into an eu-wide group . 
  what a load of crap . 
  have they ever explained how this might possibly prevent any sort of attack ? 
  because it sounds like people who do n't know anything about guns have decided to write so-called common-sense gun control . 
  wait , the czech republic is considering a second amendment ? 
   while it is blocked by western europe like netherlands which are scared . 
  we have rijksoverheid.nl and government.nl . 
  ministries used to have their own websites but that 's been reduced . 
  departments however still have their own websites . 
   i do n't follow -- there are successful tv networks that span many timezones . 
   could produce content in multiple languages, 
  we do n't hate them . 
  they hate us . 
  big difference . 
  maybe they should n't be so aggressive then . 
   because russian ones can nuke the shit out of washington which proves my point, 
  if only they ran a proper capitalist state . 
  instead it 's a corrupt kleptocracy . 
   foreign ministries do n't like their employees being used by intelligence services it 's not as if they ever had a choice in russia or under soviet rule . 
   also , people who run proper negotiations must not be suspect of any kind of intelligence work not if you 're russia . 
  so why are they throwing a hissyfit if american submarines are already able to nuke the shit out of moscow ? 
  like i said , there is no clear line . 
  everyone in the russian embassy in d.c. is at least an asset in some way ( because d.c. is a high profile target ) . 
  in contrast , the russian embassy in a tiny pacific island state is probably staffed by civilians only ( low profile target ) . 
   russia did seem to be less openly hostile in the late 90s/early 2000s . 
  window dressing so western electorates can think the cold war is over therefore ignore everything that 's been happening . 
   it feels like we both missed an opportunity . 
  russia could 've become a functioning member of the international community . 
  instead they decided to remain the menace they 've been since 1917 . 
  because those missiles provide them with a pretty good reason to not actually do it, 
   what was built up ? 
  leftism in germany that is blind to reality and chooses instead to institute its own , imaginary worldview about different cultures and peoples ? 
  confusing statement . 
  what was it that was `` built up '' in cologne ? 
  am i smelling misogyny here ? 
  where did you get the leftism thing from ? 
   the `` migration crisis '' is the creation of the united states , who created the void into which isis was spawned , then trained , armed , funded and propagandized for this group just to get assad , a secular nationalist , out of power russia is bombing civilians making them flee to turkey , then into the eu . 
  i mean , they are ? 
  smells like a pentagon troll indeed . 
  why would n't they ? 
  attempting to discredit western media has been a kgb staple since forever ( pravda , truth , de waarheid , etc ), 
   that would mean that about 20 of the 50 russian diplomats in hungary are intelligence operatives . 
  that shows a complete lack of awareness of how embassies operate . 
  thing with russia is that there is no clear line between their intelligence services and their civil service . 
  so when you speak to a russian civil servant it could either be a normal civil servant or a chekist . 
  also  which of course depends on the geopolitical and political situation of a destination country further proving my point, 
  russia has been institutionally paranoid since the days of stalin . 
  even saying `` hi '' would make the russian state question your motives . 
  language is the barrier here . 
   shocking to see russia wanting to screw up an organization that allowed nato to place missiles on russian border . 
  depends on what the intelligence is about . 
  when it 's in their mutual interest ( fighting organised crime ) they 're happy to share . 
  in the whole counter-intelligence game , not so much . 
  we 're all ignorant . 
  we should have let ukraine , moldova , georgia and armenia into nato when we had the chance . 
  russia is still the same evil soviet union since 1917 . 
  no words have been truer than these, 
  john oliver is too forced , with the drumpf meme being the worst . 
  so true, 
  they probably were involved with the massacre of 8000 bosnians !, 
  well , the book is allegedly used in russia 's military academia . 
  thing is , when this comes out the opposing team will use it against you . 
   but did n't lepen said some nasty thing about jews recently ? 
  religion is n't a good metric . 
  plenty of atheist jews . 
   it solves double loyalty like we 're seeing in these communities, 
  you really want to fuck over economic growth over something so petty ? 
  especially since dual passports are mostly a symbolic thing . 
   so just ban double passports ,, 
  well , you both decided not to become nato members a long time ago . 
  would cdu/csu blow up a coalition over it ? 
  and when the russians have fought themselves through the meat shield , sweden is sol . 
  the idea of rolling blackouts make the future look great . 
   the solution for personal transport is legislation to limit the weight of passenger vehicles ( or heavily tax heavy vehicles ) . 
  prematurely shutting them down would require reimbursement of the owners ( and if it is a new plant it would be reaaalllly expensive ) . 
  some parties do n't want to reimburse but that might incur the wrath of a ( completely legitimate ) isds claim ( which they also hate ) . 
  and fusion research is always in danger of being killed because wind and solar will work for eternity . 
  a very short-sighted idea . 
  we 've been doing this shit for years now and i have never heard of natural gas explosions in homes . 
  we do have the occasional carbon monoxide poisoning every once in a while from poorly maintained boilers . 
  in what form ? 
  [ us population density ] ( http://modernsurvivalblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/usa-population-density-per-square-mile.jpg ) tells otherwise . 
  most of the population lives near the emissions . 
  and i doubt anyone would commute 5 hours a day . 
  what are we seeing here ? 
   as a matter of fact they are saving syria from suffering the same benevolent western liberation ... 
  do i smell whataboutism ? 
   your entire fucking political ideology is committing mass professional suicide .
