  think of it this way : with the eu inevitably sliding into protectionism without the balancing power of the brits will fuck over the eu in the long term just like it did before margaret thatcher came along to revitalise it . 
  so the uk will come up with an alternative word for ` negotiation ' . 
  introduce the alternative vocabulary . 
  the uk has become an outlier in parliamentary systems because parliaments have become fixed-term . 
  ( they effectively were prior to that due to the stability created by a two-party system requiring no forming of coalitions ) most parliamentary systems tend to have new elections if the government is defeated in a vote of no confidence or if it resigns . 
  which is an inherent flaw in every parliamentary democracy . 
  corbyn likely did a half-assed remain campaign for the sole purpose of averting a leadership struggle . 
  that happened regardless of what campaign he backed so he should n't have bothered . 
  labour opposed av back in the day probably because people would rank the green party and/or libdems above labour . 
  now they 'd be begging for av . 
  corbyn purging the labour party of any remaining blairists would n't be a surprise to me . 
  macron became minister of the economy when hollande flipflopped halfway during his term ( as every socialist president seems to do in france when they realise their leftist economics do n't work in reality ) , firing montebourg and ayrault . 
  macron clearly seems to have found the ps too limited to achieve necessary reforms . 
  the warsaw pact was merely a formalization of the already existing situation . 
   it 's rather remarkable that stalin let it join a hostile foreign alliance stalin was already dead back then . 
  best day ever . 
   as for the military reasoning behind it , i believe it 's rather clear why stalin wanted finland , it 's rather fucking clear no ? 
  to subjugate the entirety of europe under socialism . 
  communists are flawed in many ways , but their ability to make a long-term plan of terrorizing the planet is simply staggering . 
  this . 
  domestic control over monetary policy does not mean you are allowed to sit down and not reform the economy . 
  plenty of advantages , but this clearly is not one of them . 
   the status quo is n't working in the west macron 's policies sound status quo in the us , the uk and the netherlands . 
  in france however , his economic proposals are revolutionary . 
  people voted for chirac even with the corruption allegations . 
  in a way , it protects governments and their voters from themselves . 
  though you are certainly right and i believe we should never have started the thing - but exiting is worse than remaining . 
  it 's a bit hard to find , [ but the most notorious ones are about cars ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/stud/2016/587331/ipol_stu ( 2016 ) 587331_en . pdf ), 
  he is willing to expropriate people 's earnings above a certain point only for ideological purposes . 
  i have not seen a single economic report that implies such a measure would have a positive effect which means it has to be ideologically motivated . 
  [ okay , i was slightly wrong there . 
  ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/economy-jobs/news/melenchon-and-hamon-unable-to-overcome-differences-on-europe/ )  should the negotiations fail , the far-left candidate has a plan b. 
  this plan , which includes the suspension of france 's eu budget contributions , the evolution of the euro towards a `` shared '' currency , rather than a `` single '' currency , and the end of the single market and the free movement of people , goods , services and capital , would amount to frexit in all but name . 
  apparently he is willing to violate every european treaty ( aka the law ) if he does not get his way . 
  that ought to keep france tied up in the european court of justice and - worst case scenario - in the international court of justice for quite some time . 
   but free trade is comes in pair with caputalism , which demand goods to be produced , as cheap as possible . 
  meaning , among other things , more pollution which leads to global warming . 
  lowering the cost of production does not mean more pollution especially when the externalities are taxed on an eu level ( note that i am far from a federalist )  considering gow vulnerable the netherlands are to the rising sea level , you find yourself between a rock and a hard place . 
  eitheir you embrace liberalism and you end up drowned , or you try something else and it does n't work because you are all about trade . 
  your economic model is not sustainable eitheir way . 
  [ yet our companies are among the most sustainable ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/blog/dutch-companies-leading-sustainable-business )  you think reforms are needed toward more liberalism . 
  i think reforms are needed toward more socialism you have provided no evidence whatsoever that suggests that more socialism is needed . 
  in a very weakened form , that is . 
  opposition would have been just as big even in a stronger form . 
  i 'm willing to believe he 's an useful idiot - still dangerous , though . 
  the countries which you are listing are together big enough to overrule germany . 
  [ while i agree ( together with macron ) that germany 's trade surplus is harmful ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-16/france-s-macron-says-german-trade-surplus-harmful-to-eu-economy ) , [ the ecb actually fucks over germany . 
  ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2017/04/06/germany-is-doubling-down-on-its-resistance-to-ecb-stimulus-and-its-now-affecting-the-euro.html ) because the policy of low interest rates exists to keep weaker states like italy , france , greece and portugal from collapsing . 
  by the way , the ecb does not do fiscal policy . 
  on paper the soviet economy grew greatly - both because of propaganda and because every lie has a core of truth . 
  in this case the soviet economy was rotten to the core from the very beginning , because it gave factory managers an incentive to lie . 
  the soviet planned economy always set unrealistic targets . 
  when a target was met , the target went up , eventually to unachievable figures . 
  the first managers told the truth to gosplan about low production , and gosplan decided that the manager was a ` capitalist saboteur ' and was promptly sent to gulag . 
  so the next manager decides he does n't want to go to the gulag so makes up figures about production - so gosplan thinks production is going up while in reality it 's not . 
  this chain of events also caused quite a few famines in communist states . 
  ( inherent to the system ) as for the benefits : eventually they went to a corrupt * nomenklatura * so it turned into the marxist caricature of capitalism . 
  if france decides to use too much deficit spending to fund their state , it affects all the other countries that use the euro . 
  if he were to get his deal . 
  if france leaves the european union ( and the eurozone ) , the euro would be greatly destabilized also fucking over all involved countries . 
  le loi el khomri was already a heavily compromised piece of legislation when introduced - protests weakened the thing even more before it got 49.3 'd . 
  oh , and reforms that weak already destroyed the socialist party . 
   you do n't back up your argument eitheir . 
  [ we score better on the gini index . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tessi190 ) [ our unemployment rate is also lower than most eu nations ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/en-gb/news/2016/46/unemployment-continues-downward-trend )  do you know what his demands are ? 
  english-language media talk about `` a review of the european treaties to put an end to `` austerity policies '' , '' , which in far-leftist parlance usually means the end of the 3 % debt ceiling . 
   oh yes , because what chirac , sarkozy and hollande did made it so , so much better . 
  [ chirac 's reform attempts failed , not the reforms themselves ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/8850710 )  all these troubles can not be laid at the door of mr chirac alone . 
  in his first years in office , in an effort to curb public spending , he did appoint a reformist government , under alain jupp\u00e9 . 
  but his attempts to push through bold welfare reform were defeated by strikes and demonstrations . 
  after a disastrous decision to dissolve parliament in a bid to seek a mandate for reform , mr chirac then lost his majority and spent five years `` cohabiting '' with a socialist-led government , which brought in the 35-hour working week , the source of so much consequent upheaval . 
  chirac should have done it the thatcher way by making the unionists strike . 
  after some time the public gets annoyed by the strikes after which you curb the influence of the trade unions . 
   this manner of government is neither clearly to the right , nor to the left ; it shies away from conflict , and it denies the depth of the underlying problem . 
  exactly my point . 
  chirac , partly through his incompetence has delayed reforms that should have been done 20 years ago with less pain . 
  now reforms are more necessary than ever and will be more painful . 
  sarkozy is basically the same . 
  constantly flipflopping and always backing down when conflict nears . 
  as for hollande-valls , the biggest opposition came from their own party . 
  basically , chirac and sarkozy made it worse by doing nothing , nada , zilch . 
  hollande tried and managed to get his own party against it . 
  fillon was the best shot at reform yet has flipflopped before even being elected . 
  one edward heath was bad enough . 
  three of them is a total disaster . 
   only the siths deal in extremes !, 
  seriously though , i think there is a middle ground we can reach , here . 
  m\u00e9lenchon does not want the middle ground . 
  he is an extremist . 
  because what do you do when your policies have failed ? 
  yes !, 
  you double down on them in the hope that they finally might work !, 
   but considering that workers are kings in france is just dead wrong , and if he consider that they already have too many rights for those able to get a job ( a huge privilege ) , a 35-hour workweek sounds pretty fancy . 
  and it 's also pretty hard to get fired . 
  yet somehow nobody is able to get such a job . 
  the left is not working . 
   they rejected cameron and got brexit they did not reject cameron . 
  cameron went to the bargaining table and got himself a realistic deal . 
  ( which could have been enforced by threatening to veto everything requiring an unanimous vote in the council ) m\u00e9lenchon 's reforms are much more controversial . 
  he needs unanimous consent from the council , and they probably wo n't be willing to bend over backwards for m\u00e9lenchon because every result would fuck over the economies of all the other european countries .
