   what could a popular uprising do ? 
  put a new government in place that will refuse to pay as a matter of principle and thus default on their debt ? 
  how would greece as a state function after that ? 
  odds are it would collapse . 
  and a replacement for the greek state would be much less worse for greece on the long run than getting fucked in the ass for the next eternity . 
  nox emissions cause smog , which is pretty bad ( which is why the us has higher standards here , because it used to be a problem there ) . 
  they want to lower the standards because they are already seeing dark clouds hanging in the air above them , because they might have messed with their emissions too . 
  instead of just calling diesel a failure and moving on to gas cars and improving the electric car . 
  the government should just go ahead already and raise taxes to 100 % . 
  everyone still having money is a filthy kulak that needs to exterminated / end stalin mode, 
  `` man is free at the moment he wishes to be . '', 
  good thing the uk was never swindled into the eurozone . 
  what 's the us 's plan then ? 
  forcing cameron to ignore the people 's will ( making a 2020 win easy for ukip ) ? 
  attacking the uk ? 
  popular uprising ? 
  yep , unless the people of greece will vote people with courage in ( though we never know what that fuck dijsselbloem threatened greece with ) in 2017 we 'll hear from greece again . 
  something about a 4th support package . 
  country : netherlands favorite neighbor : ~ ~ belgium ~ ~ flanders least favorite neighbor : wallonia, 
  and if it is n't good that 's the french 's problem . 
  the only way peace can be brought to the middle east is by education . 
  ( and not the sham education like in palestine which teaches children that the protocols of the elders of zion are real ) . 
  however , that would bring down all countries in the middle east ( especially the saudis and iran ) , so they spend a good deal of their income on making sure that never happens . 
  this . 
  why is non-interventionism dead in europe ? 
   i believe qatar and bahrain both provide money for refugees but are similar to uae and saudi arabia in that they do n't want to make their countries available for asylum . 
  although they certainly will have taken refugees in , by choice or not . 
  because for them refugees are a security risk too . 
  when they realize how well off the royal families are compared to them they might think of overthrowing them . 
  they 'd rather keep them like jordan treats the palestines in their refugee camps , constantly telling them about how evil christians , jews ( but they 're totally no antisemites , really / s ) , americans and all other people are , filling them with toxic islam because if they realize that the jews are not the cause of their problems , it 's doomsday for every monarchy and dictator in the middle east . 
  also the reason why the destruction of israel and the extermination of the jews would massively backfire on them . 
  it would mean the end of their rule . 
  so imagine the enlightenment , but in the islamic world . 
  it would solve so much problems , but also be the end of all royal families there . 
  dealing with accidents depends on how healthcare is set up , co2 is yet another debate ( and considering europe has n't focused on nox for years ... ), 
  like what ? 
  ah , that sounds familiar to me . 
  lots of old cars here on the roads , and then politicians talk about wanting to reduce pollution . 
  i doubt cars that old pollute less than new cars . 
  it 's just a fucking cash grab for the government . 
  right wing and left wing are pass\u00e9 anyways . 
  the words have lost their meaning . 
  not that public transportation is that great either . 
  the automobile has become the european cash cow . 
  could n't denmark just reduce taxes on the regular population and find something else to tax ? 
  like closing fucking tax loopholes or something . 
  probably some rule saying that it must be at least x months old and have x km on the counter . 
  remember , nl has a rule saying it has to be 6 months old and have 6000km on the counter or else you have to pay bpm ( again ), 
  is it me or are denmark 's taxes on vehicles already enormous ? 
  he 's sad that polan can not into space, 
  all of our right wing parties ( d'66 is left wing , let 's face it ) have sizeable eurosceptic voting blocs that would be upset by any federalization . 
  an european army is a stupid ideological project . 
  right now we have nato backing the security of europe , with the united states and canada included , giving us more strength . 
  investing in defense is n't sexy in any eu nation ( it fortunately is , in the us , which has been too willing to deal with our underspending for the last 20 years , with the obama administration rightfully calling us out as of recently ) , so the second eu nations were to decide to federalize the military , spending would increase . 
  for a bit . 
  then they want to spend the money on other things . 
  so defense gets gutted . 
  for an entire continent . 
  and then the little green men walk in . 
  and how would defending `` some stupid islands across the globe '' not be political suicide in any nation but the one holding said territories ? 
  politically impossible in the netherlands . 
  and that 200 years of practical experience shows that putting many different cultures and languages in one country without popular support is n't going to go down well . 
  ode an die freude is un-french . 
  now hold on , our highest point is in the caribbean , iirc on saba . 
  undermining confidence in the german government, 
   it is greater than zero and does n't need further justification beyond the decision of the parliament . 
  it is for the society to judge the risk it wants to take . 
  and the owner of said plant needs to be reimbursed , because his investment just became worthless . 
  the chances of a modern nuclear plant melting down , especially in germany , are very tiny . 
   this would be hindered in the future because companies could demand compensation because closing people 's businesses without reimbursement should be allowed , just because the parliament decided to ? 
  what 's next , nationalizing all means of production using this precedent ? 
  vattenfall only sued germany . 
  verdict will probably be 5 years later or something , with no guarantee they 'll win . 
  it 's a legitimate claim because germany wants to close what 's theirs without any form of reimbursement . 
  obviously some went into . . you know , rebuilding grozny , the pyongyang of the caucasus . 
  well , kadyrov led a mujahideen group , many moved to conflicts across the muslim world ( including afghanistan , iraq , isis ) . . 
  which is only because of the billions pumped into it . 
  this . 
  jordan is one of the middle eastern countries with the best circumstances for becoming prosperous . 
  maybe lebanon too , if hezbollah can be controlled . 
  the de facto independent government [ decided that it would be a good idea to invade the neighboring states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_dagestan ) and [ to bomb some apartments ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_apartment_bombings ) . 
  ( then again , a false flag would n't be beyond putin ) if the attacks were real , restoring order would n't be such a bad idea . 
  also , was n't chechnya basically the afghanistan of the caucasus , complete with terrorist training camps ? 
  german dubs usually sound really cheesy to me . 
  dubbing ruins jokes . . 
  i sure hope so . 
  same for dutch ( the old voice , have n't heard the new one yet ) . 
  american spongebob is so annoying . 
  possibly because its a devolved issue . 
  it 's almost as if erdogan was an elaborate prank by the onion . 
  this . 
  and isds exists to provide participating countries with an incentive to not nationalize ( read : steal ) people 's investments ( or at least pay compensation ) . 
  so if you do n't act like venezuela it 's all righty . 
  he 'd bend over in the strangest way to avoid scotland . 
  weak . 
  til that there 's a theater that can fit 29k people . 
  sweden saying what we 're all thinking ? 
  this is rather . . unusual ? 
  faeces *, 
  you probably mean fraktur,
