  actually , because of tax avoidance the dutch taxpayer has to pay less in taxes ( as they 'll pay a percentage here ) . 
  unfortunately many people do n't understand this and hop on the ` corporations are bad ' bandwagon for no reason . 
  it 's in your interest . 
  in what way is wiebes anti-democracy ? 
   a small elite is able to fly tickets from amsterdam to london city are only about $ 110 a person if you book ahead on expedia . 
  ( probably even cheaper when flying to another airport ) . . so apparently you 're already ` bourgeois ' when you can afford to spend $ 110, 
  which we 'll never do . 
  not because we hate developing countries , but because we have to, 
   they fuck over india , africa , and the middle east today . 
  the netherlands ? 
  economic leeches ? 
  we 're the single biggest payer of the eu budget per capita . 
  the opposition to abolishing corporate taxes would be huge , though . 
  it would be easy for them to spin it as `` the rich evil corporations do n't have to pay taxes while we have to '' . 
  ever heard of popular uprisings ? 
   it would only have passed if along with not destroying standards each government had calculated that there would be a net positive effect on their own economies . 
  our local socialist party uses it all the time when they complain about the government . 
  neoliberals are also responsible for the economical policies by the south american junta 's . 
  do we want to protect uncompetitive industries by preventing international trade for many other businesses ? 
  even another deal would get killed , even with transparency , and with transparency it would probably end up being a worse deal too . 
  yes , some jobs may disappear due to increased competition . 
  but that merely means that those companies are already uncompetitive . 
  do you really think the protesters will go away if they change their modus operandi ? 
  oh yes , it 's not beneficial for some people . 
  i mean , smaller companies now have an easier time competing against big business , why would someone support such a horrible thing ? 
  a smokescreen for what ? 
  big corporations already have access to the us and eu markets , whereas the barriers to entry for smaller companies are much , much bigger - which ttip intends to solve . 
  it 'll put smaller companies on a more level playing field . 
  you 're against that ? 
  that piece of lobbyist garbage which ironically helps small businesses more than it helps big corporations ? 
  you 're right about that , i 've been falling a bit for the multinational-hate myself , it seems . 
   but it 's not possible no one will get the short end of the stick . 
  so nothing can be mutually beneficial ? 
  anyway i posted a . gov link because it 's the first thing that popped up on google . 
  [ this is the ec version , which is basically the same ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/about-ttip/questions-and-answers/index_en.htm ), 
   so it was unpredictable that a super secretive world wide trade deal with regular leaks of worrying but supposedly possibly irrelevant information would cause a backlash ? 
  there are plenty of negotiations between businesses that also seem extremist in earlier stages . 
  later on a compromise will be found . 
  when the deal comes to a vote in the ep , the council , national parliaments and congress , it 's not secret anymore . 
   how will they decide the compensation and is it a level playing field . 
  people wo n't come out worse , unless they 're communists hell-bent on taking away everyone 's personal property without compensation . 
  [ also read this ] ( https://ustr.gov/about-us/policy-offices/press-office/fact-sheets/2015/march/investor-state-dispute-settlement-isds ), 
  the secrecy exists solely to have an advantage over one another . 
  if the negotiations are finished and there 's a finalized treaty , it still has to go through the commission , the parliament , the council , and the national parliaments , which all takes time . 
  so the treaty wo n't suddenly take effect when it 's finalized . 
  which we 'll get once the negotiations are finished . 
  which wo n't happen because it 's been ruined . 
  the tribunal merely exists for when a government decides to expropriate someone 's investment , they at least get properly compensated . 
  it 's too cramped in here, 
  which it isnt, 
  the problem with populism is that it 's unpredictable , and they could have picked anything . 
   the us side is actually pretty pushy which is their right, 
  and thatcher was bad because she made everyone richer , although the rich just got a bit more richer ? 
  you 'd rather have the poor poorer , provided that the rich be less rich . 
  the whole anti-neoliberalism thing came from socialist parties within the eu , to have something to attack all the time . 
  it 's basically synonymous with `` economism '' at this point . 
  anything can be `` neoliberal '' . 
  and somehow it 's all margaret thatcher 's fault . 
  it 's a strategy , in the end they 'll find a compromise they agree on . 
   if they do n't even have the foresight to see that the populist reactions they 're causing might hinder them ? 
  the populists started this campaign , not the negotiators . 
   they 're making deals about the global market , which consists of real people , too and ttip will help said real people . 
  the trade deal is secret because it 's not finished yet . 
  isds also is n't a violation of the separation of powers . 
  isds just means that if one 's investment gets expropriated the owner gets compensated , which is n't less than reasonable . 
  to have an advantage over the other team . 
  it 's pretty standard , actually , to have secretive negotiations over something like this . 
   the secrecy is to give the general population the smallest possible window at the end to get informed and to thus prevent resistance . 
  clearly that has failed . 
  ttip is very good for small and medium-sized businesses . 
  currently , small and medium-sized businesses have to spend quite a bit of money for useless modifications to their products to be allowed to sell them in other markets . 
  multinationals have way more funds to modify their products . 
  ttip will get rid of those tiny differences so a startup anywhere in the us or eu can easily design their product for their home market and sell it without any extra cost outside said market . 
  that means cheaper products for everyone , which means that the startup can compete against the multinational more easily , and does n't have to slash costs somewhere else , like the cost of labor . 
  ~ ~ growing public awareness ~ ~ the public falling for bullshit , i think he means . 
  i 'm getting this increasingly strong vibe that you are a conspiracy nut . 
  kek, 
  people tell about how products will become less safe , everyone gets food poisoning , the sky will come falling down , and worst of all , the big evil corporations will profit from it !!!! 1111 !!! 111 !!, 
  even though all of that wo n't happen, 
  the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  american food is fine . 
  the chlorine-chicken scare is completely irrelevant as ttip wo n't allow that to be imported into the eu [ ( while we should , considering how the us performs better than the eu on food poisoning ) ] ( http://capreform.eu/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/us-eu-comparative-food-borne-illness-rates.jpg ), 
  food safety should remain all right . 
  [ in fact , the us seems to have food safety in better order , considering their food poisoning statistics . 
  ] ( http://capreform.eu/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/us-eu-comparative-food-borne-illness-rates.jpg ) and why is antitrust related to an international trade deal ? 
   the initial direction of negotiations combined with how our government wants to move is what gives me worries everyone tries to bid high , before weakening their own bids as to achieve what 's originally intended . 
  they 're not stupid . 
  ttip prevents this . 
   take the electronics industry . 
  in some cases , cables in the u.s. must have a different diameter or color than the ones in the eu . 
  smaller firms in this industry , which can only export lower quantities , would be particularly affected if they are required to re-engineer their products simply to be able to export . 
  sometimes norms vary by mere millimeters , the result of tradition more than genuine concerns for safety . 
  in what way is this bad ? 
  enjoy your youth unemployment , in that case , 
  point # 1 is n't true , point # 2 is true because politicians now have to face an electorate which has fallen for the disinformation campaign . 
  it 's a treaty with amerikkka , the worst nation on earth !!!!!!!!! 1111 !!, 
  ! 1 no consumer standards !! 212121 !!!!, 
  ttip wo n't kill the nhs . 
  it wo n't destroy consumer standards . 
  the us is n't some kind of free for all where companies are allowed to sell you all sorts of shit .
