  greek crisis . 
  wanting to impose their ` cure ' onto greece . 
  by claiming their ideas are superior and wanting to impose them on the entire union , even if their ideas are completely destructive . 
  at least the boe is closer to parliament than the ecb . 
   somehow , us regulators are much more strict with nitrogen oxide , whereas european regulators care about a lower level of carbon dioxide . 
  what ? 
  a german europe ? 
  germany is probably the most arrogant nation in the entire union . 
  \\  inb4 instructor getting purged, 
   we 'll be talking about possible vpn solutions next class . 
   there has to be an apolitical arms making tthe decisions of these projects directions and requisition like a united defense/aerospace/science department , instead states compromise to get a piece of an ever shittier pie and no one wins . 
  never gon na happen . 
  politicians are too obsessed with their own power to realize they have the magic power to turn everything they touch into shit . 
  enforced fasting was a soviet policy . 
   during the development everyone was obsessed with getting the most workshare they possibly could . 
  that was far more important to them than cost and capabilities . 
   the whole role of he car in modern european society has to change, 
  which people keep on denying , because the american market is the wild west with no rules and laws on anything at all . 
  most opposition to ttip stems from old-fashioned anti-americanism . 
  which is based on emotion , because it turns out not everyone agrees with their ~ ~ religion ~ ~ ideology , so now they want an inquisition . 
   is eu patriotism actually enough to justify taking an economic hit in exchange for the dubious benefit of being able to stick it to the eu 's new goldstien ? 
   the brits basically put us in a economic turmoil by playing political games with their eu membership, 
  imagine having your homework stored on dropbox , and then the government decides to block it . 
  would make for a rather . . interesting story to tell your teacher this monday . 
  how the hell could anyone possibly feel offended by a country leaving a supranational organisation ? 
  how the hell can people be offended by leaving the eu ? 
  and / r/uk is remain central , with every form of nuance about camp leave being downvoted into oblivion . 
   since they can stop the eu from doing almost anything at all times . 
  and only because they 're both ( though notably germany ) too lazy to meet their commitments . 
  retroactive taxes *, 
   this could streamline bureaucracy and optimize cooperation . 
  or cause more of a mess because now you need 27 other nations to agree with your decision . 
  and what if that central command decides that the falklands are n't worth defending , for instance ? 
   what say does the uk have in eu membership issues anymore anyway ? 
  until 2 years after article 50 , they 're still a full eu member . 
   i saw that they 're firmly against an eu military force because it undermines nato . 
  get less europe by making more europe . 
  this has been long standing uk policy dating back to tony blair . 
  they 're anti-israel because they believe israel is a creation by western imperialists occupying the middle east . 
  the west supports israel . 
  its where the terms great satan ( us ) and little satan ( israel ) come from . 
   but they 're still hostile towards israel , so the us absolutely ca n't formally build alliances with them, 
  double irish with a dutch sandwich has been unavailable for a year now . 
  apple and ireland did n't intend on breaking the law , at all . 
  again , you 're confusing tax evasion with tax avoidance . 
  apple likes to avoid taxes . 
  so do i. 
  so apple hires a team of lawyers to look at legal ways to reduce their tax bill as much as possible . 
  the fact that the european commission is rather ... activist is n't apple 's fault , neither is it ireland 's . 
  apple thought they were avoiding taxes ( read : legally ) . 
  they worked with the irish taxman , who told them it was legal . 
  also , ireland does n't even want the money . 
  apple worked with the irish taxman and the taxman told apple to pay x. 
  now the eu walks in and tells apple they should have paid y , and forces them to pay y retroactively to ireland ( who were content with x ) . 
  it 's retroactive taxation . 
  that you 'd ban such a thing for future taxation , alright , but after ireland 's tax authority has told apple they only need to pay x amount , apple expects it to be done . 
  apple being punished by having to pay taxes they did n't expect to pay ( because they , again , were told that they were done ) is highly questionable . 
  if the verdict by the commission is kept standing , that would set a very bad precedent making companies think twice before doing business in the eu . 
   but convictions have already come down against some , most prominently apple . 
  on questionable ground , which is why apple and ireland will be appealing . 
   the uk has full veto power over all it 's oversees territories and has used it as late as 2009 which would be controversial, 
   https://www.irs.gov/uac/examples-of-corporate-fraud-investigations-fiscal-year-2016 here are some examples from the irs these are n't huge multinationals being charged with tax evasion . 
  these are humans being charged for things like fraud , embezzlement , defrauding investors , etc. 
  even the samsung guy had nothing to do with tax evasion . 
  learn to read . 
   here 's the big 7 in hot water right now http://fortune.com/2016/03/11/apple-google-taxes-eu/ you 're confusing tax evasion with tax avoidance . 
  one is a crime , the other is n't . 
  also , there 's still such a thing as due process , and innocent until proven guilty . 
   until someone goes after switzerland [ switzerland has effectively given up their banking secret 2 years ago . 
  ] ( http://www.oecd.org/tax/exchange-of-tax-information/switzerland-takes-important-step-to-boost-international-cooperation-against-tax-evasion.htm ) the city of london is part of the eu , so the european commission is able to force them ( until 2 years after triggering article 50 , of course ) . 
  and while parliament can force the overseas territories to change their laws , doing so would lead to a massive row , which is n't worth it . 
  ( in that respect they 're independent countries ), 
   every major corporation has been caught doing tax evasion as well, 
  in fact , i live about 8 miles from their place of origin . 
  since always . 
  and in a pinch you can also use it as a body bag . 
  ama time ? 
  it seems they prefer change with a chance of things improving rather than the status quo which has failed them ( at least in their minds ), 
  yet brexit should have caused a huge panic . 
  i 'm not sure these predictions can be trusted anymore . 
  remain predicted huge economical turmoil by now , but the economy has actually grown . 
  mostly in places with high unemployment . 
  people tend to get disillusioned and decide to vote for the change , instead of the status quo . 
  surprised the lib dem voters have that big of a brexit faction . 
  brushing it off as xenophobia is something you clearly should n't do . 
  there are many other socio-economical factors in play here . 
  the areas that voted for brexit the most are the former industrial heartlands , who did n't have anything to lose . 
  brexit would have meant change . 
  any talk about economical meltdown would n't have reached them because they were already unemployed . 
   corbyn supported it his whole life until the referendum, 
  in the 1975 referendum , thatcher supported remain because at that point it was an economic bloc . 
  in the 1980s , it became much more political , yet she managed to make the eu work for britain ( notably with multiple optouts and the rebate ), 
  in what way is this beneficial for anyone ? 
  not that financing a huge deficit by printing money has ever been a good idea . 
  he 's talking about political globalization . 
  political globalization is often seen as an elitist project ( because it often is ) , and the backlash against that could hurt economic globalization ( see : the death of ttip ) . 
  interestingly enough that political globalization means that economic globalization becomes harder too , again , because you need the entire eu to make a trade deal , instead of being permitted to do it yourself . 
  there 's a reason why both australia and new zealand are eager to sign a free trade agreement with the uk ( in fact , i believe new zealand is even willing to allow the uk to borrow their negotiators ) as soon as they 're independent again . 
  the uk joining the eec hurt anz trade quite a bit back in the day . 
   people start to have enough of basically paying for tax dodging by multinationals .
