  so please diederik , zip it . 
   sweden was one of the first to seize on the opportunity . 
  the stockholm and pyongyang ties in the early 1970s arose out of a rare convergence of leftist and industrialist interest : local socialist groups wanted sweden to formally recognise the new communist state , and businessmen wanted to exploit the region 's nascent mining industry . 
  how could they have been so na\u00efve ? 
  wtf sweden is there some kind of rule that you have to be a complete lunatic to enter swedish politics ? 
  yep, 
  love the country , friendly people , good food , nice sights . 
  netherlands is boring as fuck . 
  can you be patriotic for a nation where you were n't born ( and where you do n't live at the moment ? ), 
  if yes , then the united states . 
  zomg noes the nsa can read my homework assignments !!, 
  what a load of crap from the eu , yet again . 
  meanwhile , as you said , there are no decent european services because of the eu 's obsession with regulatory overload . 
  i mostly agree , but this  one parent , ifhat shaheen , told the bbc her 14-year-old son was interrogated by people working on the government 's counter-terrorism strategy after he mentioned the word `` eco-terrorists '' in school . 
  is pushing it too far . 
  greenpeace ( and splinter groups ) are ecoterrorist organizations and people should be allowed to call them out as such . 
  it always backfires . 
  one of the cards used by the lpf and pvv , or vlaams belang/blok . 
  yes , i admit it 's also heavily influenced by culture . 
  originally guest workers were not allowed to let their families come over here . 
  everything was made to be like their own country because they were planning on eventually sending them back . 
  and put their citizen 's welfare in jeopardy . 
  in other news , uber demand in budapest skyrocketed . 
  i 'm hoping that this article is exaggerating it . 
  then again , considering what 's happened in germany , it would only be a logical next step . 
  the dad of a friend of mine used to drive a lada ( not sure what model , i was like 9 or something ) . 
  thing had basically nothing , except some charm . 
  apparently ladas are good cars for siberian winters . 
  and aliyah numbers from france will increase even further . 
   eerste kamer ( senate ) abolished . 
  its main role is to ensure that the proposed laws are compatible with the constitution . 
  basically , the pvv probably sees it as another hurdle for their ridiculous laws . 
  this idea was also recently introduced by the parties in government . 
  besides that , the legislature has never been able to neutrally ensure that laws are constitutional ( which is why we badly need a constitutional court )  directly chosen prime minister . 
  only possible if nl switches to district voting , which would mean that smaller parties will also disappear . 
  that has nothing to do with it . 
  we 'd only need to go further with the separation of powers and separate legislative and executive elections . 
   `` assimilation contracts '' . 
  just the word assimilation gives me the creeps and reminds me of the borg in star trek , who always creeped me out growing up . 
  and the ` participatieverklaring ' which refugees have to sign if they want a shot at staying here totally is n't exactly that ? 
  look , i do n't completely agree with the pvv on many points ( like not wanting a constitutional court , and attacking the largely unexistant separation of powers we already have ) , but at least be realistic . 
  he probably has something written in the rules that in the event of his incapacitation , bosma or agema will take charge . 
   if he wins a significant amount of seats , i want out of this country as soon as possible what 's the worst that can happen ? 
   that guy shouts about problems without offering realistic solutions and without listening anyone else . 
  he 's no fortuyn , that 's for sure, 
  thank you why do people keep linking directly to 4chan images ? 
  and the third way is n't popular either anymore , nor are the corbynites ( take all the refugees without considering what effect that would have on the welfare state ) . 
  and between the russian empire and the russian federation there totally has n't been a russian sfsr . 
  the tory party is divided on the issue . 
  and france would have held out much longer ( or not even surrendered at all ) , had they built the line on the belgian border too . 
  but those waffles just had to complain about it . 
  still , we kept the germans out for a relatively long time ( iirc we were even commended by hitler himself for that ) considering the abysmal state of our military back then . 
  and how many of them do really implement that into their lives , as opposed to , say , haredi jews ? 
  yes , that . 
  hopefully the chinese economy will soon collapse ; it 'll nicely send down the prices without any government involvement . 
  the silent majority would be against it . 
  it 's the uk after all . 
  that was before the gop and democrats flopped positions between 1932 and 1964 . 
  it 's currently in the joint interest of any oil producing nation ( especially the us now that they are almost independent of middle eastern imports ) that is n't saudi arabia to have sa and iran going to war with each other . 
  would send the oil price up pretty well . 
  there are plenty of countries that can take over china 's job . 
  there are few countries that can take over the us 's job . 
  france only rejoined nato in 2006 . 
  because after the belgian revolution , flemish was seen as too dutch , and therefore french was to be the language of the newly formed nation . 
  eventually that led to a reaction , because the flemish did n't want to see their language disappear ( as it did in french flanders ) . 
  [ and the cartoons were later on shown on dutch television . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wck3hcnyutm ), 
  not at the moment . 
  ah , yes , the commerce clause . 
  netherlands we do n't really have an universal healthcare system , we have a compulsory health insurance system ( only the standard package with a deductible , which does n't really cover a lot ) which resembles obamacare a bit . 
  some prescriptions are paid by the insurance company , some are n't . 
  if the insurance company pays for it , there 's a minimum annual deductible of $ 385 ( about $ 414 ) from which it 's subtracted . 
  costs can vary wildly . 
  also , the first time you get a prescription you also have to pay $ 6 out of pocket for an explanation of how it works ; which in reality is just the pharmacist reading the information on the package to you . 
  thankfully i have no experience with that . 
  i do n't think this system is worth it . 
  it 's an inefficient piece of shit , with many opportunities for fraud , and a form of corporate welfare paid by everyone . 
  healthcare should either be nationalized or completely privatized , but not this half-baked pos . 
  the individual mandate was ruled unconstitutional ( ? ), 
  putin 's syrian campaign has proven that russia 's military capabilities have been underestimated badly . 
  iirc one plane type was thought to be mothballed but one plane , but apparently the whole fleet was operational . 
  how horrible this may sound ; we should have never given medical ( or any ) aid in africa . 
  because of that aid , their infant death rates have decreased rapidly , while their birth rates have n't . 
  africa is n't able to produce enough food to support itself ( or it 's future ) , leading to more dependency on foreign aid . 
  as their birth rates increase , hunger increases even further , giving more people an incentive to move to a place where there is food ( either that or malthus 's theory has finally been proven ) . 
  that place is europe . 
  both continents are up for a big demographic disaster , inadvertently caused by foreign aid . 
  the eu will spread fear , but when a brexit happens they 'll likely offer a deal ( unless they 're really * that * petty ), 
  and the dutch population has to pay fuckhuge amounts of taxes to pay for it . 
  biggest receiver of federal money supposedly . 
  nope . 
  cbp does offer border preclearance for airports that meet the requirements ( like american employees ) , so arriving passengers in the usa do n't have to go through border control ( because the gate is considered american territory for border control purposes ) and can leave the airport even faster ( and lax already was faster than most european airports ! ), 
  japan is the country where you can study english in university for 6 years and still ca n't form a coherent sentence , so yeah , not surprising . 
  did someone say ` lebensraum ' ? 
  it 's democracy in its purest form . 
  deal with it . 
  your argument could also be used to defend a tyrant . 
  i 'd vote in favor of kicking them out . 
  because the brits can do much better without us . 
  which is why we should intensify drone strikes .
