  edit : after the holy see, 
  i forgot to mention that the eu is also willing to fuck over ireland , the benelux and denmark just because of their petty politics . 
  and as karma that same labour movement got a free ticket to experience three glorious terms of margaret thatcher . 
  if the eu plays petty politics and refuses a trade deal , ireland might be next because the two economies are that interwoven . 
  after that the dominos start falling . 
  so if i get this straight , if britain leaves , the eu wants to collectively punish all brits to set an example , just to preserve itself ? 
  yep , the eu is somewhere on the spectrum between authoritarian and economic terrorism . 
  and why would the collapse of the eu be a bad thing , again ? 
  then we can finally replace it with something that 's exclusively about trade and definitely not about forming a superstate . 
  if his remain campaign fails , he 's toast . 
  if britain remains , he 's also toast because of the tone of the campaign . 
  that award still goes to callaghan . 
  it 's not as if you go on a vacation expecting to get raped , is it ? 
  i smell anti-americanism . 
   tax the living shit out of cars, 
  the el khomri law is necessary to increase french global competitiveness . 
  because what good is all of that job security when nobody can get a job ? 
  in fact , the law increases my respect for hollande , because he 's a left-winger that rips off the bandaid instead of passing it on to the successor , unlike their belgian ps counterpart . 
  ( aka what sarkozy did last time ) and i think hollande should have gone further . 
  the version on the table right now is a weakened version , for crying out loud . 
  this also seems to be a common issue in the francosphere , because wallonia 's unions just do n't want to be constructive , whereas the flemish unions have already come to an agreement with the government . 
  yes , i am advocating thatcherism for france , by the way . 
  and they do n't have to live under said akp regime . 
  they 're a solid voting bloc , even if turkey 's economy was to completely collapse due to akp mismanagement . 
  the dutch ministry of defense brought out a report a couple of weeks ago stating that the military ca n't do its primary requirement : defending dutch territorial integrity . 
  protecting the world also includes deterring those who want to cause harm . 
  that means building things for offense , to prevent the need for defense . 
  actually , europe wants the us bases . 
  we want them because we 'd have to actually , you know , spend money on defense . 
  it 's actually 0.8 % if you do n't include pension spending . 
  admittedly , the akp is the only party running a sizeable campaign in the diaspora , so can you really blame those who do n't turn out to vote other parties ? 
  the only reason why i would want the uk to stay is because its a huge eurosceptic bloc . 
  and the ` ever closer union ' is my worst nightmare . 
  oh why germany , why ? 
  that , and he slipped through police checks even though the police was aware of him being treated in a mental facility . 
   anscheinsparagraph googled it . 
  sounds like something copied straight out of a feinstein law . 
  why the hell would legislators write legislation that ban things solely `` because they look scary '' ? 
  germany is likely worse . 
  germany has/had a movie subsidy system that does n't take in account hollywood accounting , [ allowing people like uwe boll to profit from movies nobody watches . 
  ] ( http://www.cinemablend.com/features/uwe-boll-money-for-nothing-209.html ) edit : [ another article explaining how the loophole works/worked ] ( http://www.escapistmagazine.com/articles/view/video-games/issues/issue_81/460-uwe-boll-and-the-german-tax-code.2 ), 
  the alternatives to putin are likely worse , considering they 're either the communists , or crypto-nazis . 
  this is geopolitics . 
  people always do shit for a reason . 
  i do n't really get anymore what putin 's endgame is at this point . 
  every time an us company gets succesful the ec gets jealous and wants to kill it , even though europe has been completely incompetent at producing any viable competitor . 
  the ec should instead focus on removing stupid rules like this , not making it any worse . 
  that would also increase the popularity of the eu amongst the electorate . 
  considering the kind of people \\* some countries \\* pick to be the jurors , not surprising at all ... 
  erdogan is even more popular outside of turkey than inside turkey , so ... no . 
  was n't there a map somewhere with all the bridges on the autobahn ; indicating whether it was structurally deficient ? 
  iirc there were a lot of red ones . 
  except that on said brick roads there is no apparent reason why they 're so poorly maintained , and there 's no house in the area . 
  except for the fact that this is n't part of the main road , and used to be part of customs before schengen happened . 
  the belgians have n't bothered to maintain it ( because almost nobody uses it ) , the dutch do bother for no apparent reason . 
  [ this is the location . 
  ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@51.3772958,4.3038169,608m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=nl ) speaking of which , in my area the belgians do a much better job at road maintenance than the dutch . 
  a smooth wide well-maintained belgian asphalt road turning into a poorly maintained narrow dutch brick road is very common around here . 
  belgium really has improved during the last 15 years . 
  i still remember the bad old days of never-ending roadworks , and the * boudewijnweg * . 
  for me they predicted it about right . 
  they predicted 175 , i 'm 178 . 
  the us has the right do do such things . 
  so does the eu . 
  it 's called national sovereignty . 
  putin has plenty of other reasons to get rid of kadyrov with the relations seeming to sour a bit . 
  said plot might not even have existed . 
  chechnya does n't even pretend it has rule of law . 
  ca n't wait for putin to cut kadyrov loose . 
  ( that might actually be an improvement ), 
  ah , government trying to do it all themselves instead of dbfm ` ing the entire project so you only have to cut a ribbon once they 're finished . 
  hurray for inflation !, 
  did n't the ruble recently become worthless allowing you to book a suite in moscow for a bargain ? 
  and i 'd like to see them all not using their daf . . oh wait, 
  is n't sunny beach the answer to the question `` can we build something worse than lloret de mar ? '', 
  the very definition of a boondoggle . 
  totally forgot about the fiasco called berlin airport . 
  how the hell can someone be that incompetent ? 
  nice try germoney  then again , this was mostly true when capital controls were imposed . 
  and does n't cash stay in the local economy ? 
  well that 's rather un-german , is n't it ? 
  the best way to fix greece is to go to more obscure places to independent hotels , spending quite a bit of money ( cash ) in local stores . 
  read this strategy some time ago, 
  stealing all your earnings above $ 360k ( with his 100 % tax bracket ) sounds fairly communist to me . 
   french have no idea what tatcher did other than instituting necessary reforms to make britain the dynamic economy it is today ( which the french used to regard as * anglo-saxon * but are finally warming up to now ), 
  i honestly doubt whether they have even fired a gun . 
  the version of the labor law that did pass was a significantly weakened version . 
  it should have gone much further than even the original version . 
  the fact that quite a few assembly members still are willing to support failed policies from 50 years ago instead of trying something else proves that invocation of 49.3 was necessary to save both france and the left . 
  left-wing voters tend to flee to the party which was n't in government . 
  that 's how it 's been for years now . 
  and i prefer the pvda to gl as gl wants to introduce lots of taxes which are much less effective at doing what they 're supposed to do than the pvda 's proposals . 
  let me guess , every failed attempt at communism never was actual communism , but we ought to try it again to see if it finally might work once the circumstances are perfect ? 
   but already people put him as a french tatcher . 
  radical enough for french standards to be called a thatcher . 
  i certainly hope macron is willing to tank his entire reputation if he gets elected by doing what france should have done more than 20 years ago . 
   nope and what i really think is terrible about this is that it is obviously not going to help the poor socialism in a nutshell . 
  china runs on a social contract where the people trade in their freedom and democracy for stable economic growth . 
  that contract collapses if that growth starts to end . 
  china was communist , then realized their little experiment failed like all the others so they had to keep coming up with ideological justification for their swing towards their own brand of * dirigisme * .
