  not completely unexpected . 
  green technology is all fun and dandy until it starts to eat into tax income , and saving money where it should be saved is not done . 
  and we 're supposed to have an association treaty with that country ? 
  iirc quite a few isil fighters are highly educated . 
  which makes it even more worrying , because their confirmation bias is even worse . 
  good job italy . 
  and a car is wayyy more convenient . 
  still looks better than it 's successors . 
  carrying a lot of grocery bags on public transport is inconvenient as fuck . 
  if they 'd give them those rights , it would be an actual annexation causing a further shitstorm . 
  israel does n't have apartheid . 
  everyone is allowed to stand for election , for instance . 
  holocaust denial is very illegal in france . 
  jean-marie le pen got convicted on that basis a couple of times . 
  russia wanted revenge for 1939/1940 so they trained an army of bears . 
  every death that can be avoided should be avoided . 
  more like crony capitalism . 
  remember that the ukrainian side of that civil war has islamists ( sympathetic to isil 's cause ) fighting on the ukrainian side . 
  communism should be treated as a form of religion . 
  the allegations that the mh17 investigation was unbiased were ` refuted ' by the investigators themselves . 
  talk about independence . 
  how about your link ? 
  the netherlands will first have a referendum on it in early april . 
  \\  implying the eu is n't the main spreader of disinformation these days, 
  good thing the association treaty has n't been ratified yet . 
  racist , fascist , nazi , all sorts of terms used to demonize people . 
  ( even goldwater back in the day ), 
  this . 
  if you do n't like it you can start your own tv channel with beer and hookers . 
  that 's just regular questions . 
  also on whether you have esta permission . 
  you 're getting the search later on anyway . 
  do it before boarding and you save a lot of time . 
  why is the echr hell-bent on messing with russia 's domestic affairs ? 
  ( has the ` church ' irsed them ? ), 
  in the end it 'll probably be solved by a treaty grandfathering them in . 
  it 's just fear mongering . 
  the ostsee can be reached via the oresund . 
  too risky to leave that liability open . 
  without having to get a hammer license , having background checks , restrictions on the weight and dimensions of hammers , background checks ? 
  is there anything left that is n't banned by the british nanny state ? 
  it 's all about maximizing profit , in fact , it 's their obligation to maximize profit . 
  and if they can do it by making gray tax deals with countries then they have no reason not to . 
  the only people that should be blamed are the governments that even made those deals . 
  iirc intending to commit a terrorist attack is also a punishable offence in quite a few countries . 
  that means intent , which also is a just cause . 
  finally someone with arguments that do n't involve climate change or the almost religious renewable movement . 
   sharp penalties on using guns make it not worth most criminals while to use a gun . 
  do you really think criminals give a fuck when they violate an additional law over 50 others ? 
   guns do n't just keep working , eventually the old guns would be unusable . 
  ( which is why being able to control flow of guns from outside is important ) . 
  when properly maintained a gun lasts pretty long . 
   drugs are much easier to smuggle than guns , they are also much easier to make . 
  but that does n't make it entirely impossible . 
  do criminals hand in their ( illegally obtained ) guns once new legislation is in place ? 
  i doubt it . 
  and as i said before , banning drugs has n't made the supply disappear . 
  it has merely become illegal . 
  how has tony blair 's legislative incontinence ( a new ban every day keeps the < nobody knows  away ) worked to reduce crime , for instance ? 
  for some reason that is n't a priority with the double deckers . 
  is there any reason why getting 90 % of all power from nuclear ( like france ) would be a bad idea ? 
  other than the absolutely tiny chance of an accident . 
  completely cutting oil usage is n't achievable at the moment though . 
  ( and nuclear is political suicide in many countries ), 
  and part of the south african flag during the apartheid area . 
  it 's been rumored that saudi arabia only gives a tiny bit of intelligence on sleeper cells within europe , but only when europe submits to their will . 
  otherwise they 'll activate the cells . 
  oil , fucking oil . 
  depends on your state . 
  federal gun laws are mostly on a moratorium these days . 
  who are 1/2 % of our population at most . 
  you seem to be a bit out of the loop . 
  the guns used in the paris shootings were illegally obtained , so a ban on legitimately obtained guns wo n't do anything about illegal guns . 
  just like how a drug ban has n't made all drugs magically disappear . 
  somalia has other things fucking it over , like saudi funded salafis therefore ca n't be compared to a nation scoring # 1 in quite a few positive ranking lists . 
  the reason why people are against is that politicians have proven time and time again to go further after their restrictions have been passed . 
  if you give them an inch , they 'll take a mile . 
  be very grateful for that . 
  this . 
  america ( but you can extend that everywhere ) has the following cycle happening : 1 . 
  tragic event happens 2 . 
  within 6 hours the usual politicians ( clinton , feinstein ) are up in arms about how guns ( and other scapegoats , like gta or call of duty ; see breivik ) are to blame while the perpetrator and/or motive are n't even known ; pissing on the victims graves in the progress . 
  gun laws get tighter , without ever being able to prevent said tragedy from happening 4 . 
  go back to # 1 . 
  the eu just likes imposing it 's tyranny on other people and gets freaked out by people who want to prevent it . 
  one of the reasons why switzerland is n't a member . 
  fortunately it 's the airport . 
  no one should go to the town though . 
  why have n't i read anything about this in the dutch press ? 
  i did n't know breivik was from sweden . 
  we do n't have the prison capacity to house the entirety of israel . 
  basically spain is involved in pointing fingers at people for things they have done themselves too . 
  not surprising . 
  in what way was spain even involved with the flotilla ? 
  back to / pol / with you . 
  which can backfire badly if erdogan decides that islamism becomes the official state ideology . . 
  it wo n't stop them , it will hamper their growth in europe . 
  foreign powers should n't have any control over people living in our countries . 
  better idea : go into full damage control mode . 
  end all subsidies to religious institutions ( including tax exemptions , except if a church for instance is a monument , in which case money would go to preserving the building , but they have to prove that all money is spent on only the building itself ) and ban all foreign funding to them .
