  and if nobody can afford it the prices will be lowered . 
   raising retirement age and what will surely be crap pensions if we even get them . 
  you 'll be living longer . 
  while a higher retirement age may be less than ideal in some economic sectors ( but then again , you said automation would kill all manual labor ) . 
  and by the time you reach the current retirement age all the baby boomers will have died off , the demographic crisis resolved , with your children paying for your pension . 
  tl ; dr your post is a bunch of irrational complaints , quit whining, 
  by the time you retire practically all the boomers will have died . 
  by that time the demographic crisis has already been resolved , with your children paying for your pension . 
  the only generation that 'll be fucked is gen x , but even for that there 'll be solutions . 
  this . 
  it would be stupid to store the money at the ecb . 
   one is mass automation which might make like 90 % of workforce redundant mass automation will reduce cost in wages , which means that eventually the cost of labor falls below the cost of capital . 
  if that happens , of course . 
  what 's more likely is the increased productivity , allowing companies to reduce their prices , creating more demand for their products , which in turn creates more demand for labor . 
   if we even get some kind of pension by the time we reach the current pension age the baby boomers will have been dead for quite a while and the demographic crisis will have resolved itself . 
  you 're making problems that do n't exist . 
   payouts are decoupled from wages as they participate in capital markets and when the return on investment is against expectations the payouts have to be slashed . 
  the baby boomers did n't fuck everything up . 
  the babyboomers just happened to live in eras where the sky was supposed to be the limit , and things were handed out from the pension funds . 
  not to mention incompetent idiots running pension funds as in the netherlands , of course . 
  this generational warfare is really getting out of hand . 
   and any chance for russia to have a modern democracy [ that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1993_russian_constitutional_crisis ) [ was yeltsin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_presidential_election,_1996 ) . 
  putin is a direct consequence of the yeltsin administration 's mismanagement of russia . 
  extremism has always resulted in bad things happening . 
  whether its commies , nazis , islam , hinduism or christianity , its always bad . 
  you do n't hang out with radical leftists , it seems . 
  b-but , then we 'd miss their dashcam vids :'(, 
   all films are synchronized in a very good quality . 
  and sometimes there are also good films made in germany or austria , 
  i bet that if he gets hired , it 'll be the grauniad or independent . 
  no , because companies would be stupid to not set lower prices in countries with lower spending power . 
  how prevalent are cheaper imports of media from eastern europe , anyway ? 
  there 's a reason netflix is currently pushing quite a bit of french-produced content : to show france that they do n't need to be scared of foreign streaming services and that they 're not a threat to their domestic film industry , so their government wo n't lobby the eu the wrong way . 
  with drilled out locks . 
  its quite fashionable there . 
  no , because they 're informal and therefore never officially happen . 
  and the eu would look like hypocrites trying to end informal negotiations while the eurogroup still exists . 
  not on my wikipedia . 
  trinity mirror/daily mirror are n't on the list . 
  nope , [ owned by trinity mirror plc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trinity_mirror ), 
  murdoch only owns the times ( which backed remain ) , and a couple of tabloids ( which backed brexit ) . 
  he does n't own the market by a long shot . 
  the telegraph , grauniad , independent , mirror , etc are n't owned by him . 
  independence and unbiased are all things that do n't exist , and wo n't exist . 
  audio drivers , the fact that daw software tends to be mac-based , and apple gave them input during the development of os x. 
   pushed together by a common desire for peace and prosperity add trade to that and we 're golden . 
  how about not wanting further european integration and/or a superstate ? 
  the brits want a quick deal that gives them access to the common market . 
  other countries obsessed with ` punishing the deserters ' want to prolong negotiations . 
  how about no . 
  increasing integration without having the approval for said integration , combined with the current issues will only increase tensions on the continent . 
  i hope this referendum ( no matter what the result would have been ) will have killed eurofederalism once and forever . 
  even by european standards bernie is far-left . 
  people always talk about moving to canada , but in the end , they wo n't . 
  brexit is n't binding either , but it would kill the tory party if cameron decides to ignore the result . 
  you 're talking about how those evil corporations exploit those poor people , as if it were the congo free state . 
   colonialism exists today in the form of corporations that exploit the populations of poor and unregulated economies in order to extract either cheap labor or raw resources and even with said ` exploitation ' the so-called oppressed populace is better off than they were before ( remember , $ 1 an hour buys you much more food in africa than it does in europe ) . 
  the ` colonialism ' you 're speaking of is n't even close to the congo free state . 
   it is however a prerequisite . 
  no , just no, 
  why would china , india and the us colonize us ? 
  colonialism is dead , finished , gone . 
  also , intelligence ! = the ability to make good decisions . 
   the fact that people today are too idiotic to see even a hundred years ahead for europe is no real surprise so you 're calling people who do n't agree with you idiots ? 
  way to make eurofederalism not sound like an elitarian project . 
   personally i find that the real irony is the fact that the people who yell for independence and sovereignty are the ones who will ultimately be the cause of us having none at all . 
  and why would that be the case ? 
  and the current attempts at uniting europe are ironically causing huge division , with no indications that division will disappear at all . 
  not at all . 
  all i am stating is that european countries seem to believe that every problem affecting mankind can be solved by legislation and taxation . 
  the fact that we 're not one huge country does n't mean we will end up in irrelevancy . 
  the thing that 's screwing with our economies is overregulation and punitive taxation , combined with an eu that is more interested in protectionism than in free trade ( if only ttip were what the protesters are making it out to be ) . 
  it 's done slowly . 
  the eu has reached the point where it 's more or less a confederation . 
  unfortunately , the agreement is n't legally binding . 
  now , realistically , it would be political suicide for any future british leader ( especially if tory ) to agree with any agreement that still contains the phrase `` ever closer union '' , but still . 
  this . 
  the british referendum , whatever the outcome may be , will probably end up killing european federalism ( and thank god for that ) . 
  it would be political suicide for any future british leader to agree to a treaty including ` ever closer union ' , or things like an european army . 
  if the brits leave , a domino effect may start , especially when the eu starts integrating more without having a mandate for said integration . 
  calls for other referendums will grow stronger , especially in the countries hit the worst by a brexit ( because ireland , the benelux and denmark would end up in the crossfire if the eu decides to ` punish the deserters ' ), 
  the brits joined the european community because they were told it would never become a federation . 
  look at where we are now . 
  how many people really want an european federation , anyway ? 
  it seems to me like it 's an elitist wet dream , not something the people want . 
  except for the fact that the europhiles would use the window of opportunity created by a brexit to further federalize , after the biggest opponent of said federalization has disappeared , weakening the eurosceptic bloc . 
  the uk got the eastern states into the eu exactly because it would strengthen their anti-federalism . 
  the uk leaving would mean that bloc gets weakened . 
  now of course , if the eu starts playing petty politics against britain by refusing a free trade agreement , fucking over ireland , the benelux and denmark in the process , a domino effect could start because said countries have a healthy amount of euroscepticism and ruining their economies over petty politics is n't going to make your union any more popular . 
  that is one scenario . 
  in the other scenario the eurofederalism will worsen . 
  anyway , i respect whatever choice the brits will make . 
  it 's their choice after all . 
  good point . 
  though it is n't exactly large , is it ? 
  this . 
  nuance does n't get you elected in this time and age . 
  it 's purely from a strategic viewpoint . 
  britain has enough clout to at least slow down european federalisation , and a brexit would mean that the eurosceptic bloc within the eu would be significantly weakened ( if brexit does n't cause the eu to fall like dominos ) . 
  in fact , the uk is the closest thing we have to a theocracy in europe .
