  a parallel society led by saudi arabia , turkey , morocco or any other country does not belong in europe . 
  combined with not subsidizing any form of religion at all . 
  if you think your religion is so great , you should be paying for it . 
  ( as a side effect this may or may not make scientology more powerful ), 
  i 'll be glad once we 're completely independent of that shithole . 
  then they can all go to hell . 
  hint : private browsing, 
  good . 
  now i can know which products come from settlements so i can buy them . 
  let 's have this backfire on the bds movement . 
  ehhhhh he meant something different, 
  and if it happens a certain association treaty will become unneeded . 
  france nearly always gives public works contracts to other french companies by using carefully placed loopholes in tendering legislation . 
  at least they do n't have fyra-like scandals . 
  but why ? 
  none . 
  therefore we are all fucked when juncker wants to fulfill his wet dream of a federal europe . 
  at least britain does n't have to endure that shit in that case . 
  they 're merely delaying it . 
  though since it 's a former communist country it may very well be the opposite . 
  fortunately for muscovites that 's not the case . 
  turkey . 
  the eu calls orban a dictator while happily cooperating with erdogan . 
  something 's odd here . 
  co2 has n't killed anyone . 
  nox/particulates are very real and cause asthma and other lung diseases . 
  lies , damned lies . 
  the hate comes from them being indoctrinated with the protocols of the elders of zion since their birth , and stories about ` evil jews ' killing muslims and drinking their blood . 
  stories which coincidentally were widely spread by a country named germany , between 1933 and 1945 . 
  and the involvement of a certain mufti . 
  time to stop recycling then . 
  united states of course . 
  there 's no other correct answer . 
  telling something to do something that it has refused to do for years and expecting he 'll do it for real this time around is the most naive idea the so-called soft eurosceptics have ever come up with . 
  the only way to get proper change is to throw everything out and start over again . 
  the same way the french got rid of louis xvi . 
  because he seems hell bent on becoming xiv take two . 
  yep : / without even considering the existence of nuclear weapons as a deterrent , the 45-year division of germany ( and the reunification , which has made germany powerful again , causing friction once again in europe ; see greece ), 
  and the internet has exposed a lot of europeans to the world outside of europe . 
  [ `` it is the duty of muhammadans [ muslims ] in general and arabs in particular to ... drive all jews from arab and muhammadan countries ... . 
  germany is also struggling against the common foe who oppressed arabs and muhammadans in their different countries . 
  it has very clearly recognized the jews for what they are and resolved to find a definitive solution [ endg\u00fcltige l\u00f6sung ] for the jewish danger that will eliminate the scourge that jews represent in the world . 
  [ 181 ] '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amin_al-husseini#the_holocaust ) would n't surprise me if bibi 's claim turned out to be true . 
  it 's like the new printing press . 
  did n't france have some experience with it , after some guy voltaire and rousseau started writing certain books ? 
  thank god for supreme courts . 
  here in the netherlands they 're talking about abolishing our senate just because they want to pass bills easier . 
  and we do n't have a supreme court ; because that 's been explicitly banned by the constitution . 
  and while the availability of netflix is driving down demand , they 've come up with the awesome idea of coming up with multiple platforms for which you all need a subscription , like videoland , hbo go , etc. 
  popcorn time is just one free program . 
  guess which one wins ? 
  as an analogy , imagine subscribing to multiple cable companies just to be able to watch 3 different channels . 
   governments will never give up trying to police ~ ~ the internet . ~ ~ everything they can get their filthy hands on ftfy, 
  the vvd has said many things , like there wo n't be a third greek financial support package . 
  we all know what happened afterwards . 
  i saw a video in school like that ( we had some time left during class ) , except that it was in japan . 
  they taught everyone english by making them read words from a book , yet none of the students were able to have something even resembling a conversation . 
  also : so that explains why italians are completely unable to speak english . 
  are there things politicians wo n't touch when they get the chance ? 
  is nothing sacred anymore ? 
  did not disappoint, 
  unhappy . 
  everything is focused on passing centralized testing ( because teachers and schools are judged by their student 's grades ) , everything is centralized allowing politicians to touch it all the time , and the focus is on filling children 's heads with knowledge instead of things like ` critical thinking ' and understanding how things work . 
  i 'd prefer the american system ( especially before politicians started messing with it - everything goes downhill once politicians touch something ) , where school districts have the freedom to decide what they do and do n't teach their students . 
  the pension fund will collapse on itself , even if all the immigrants stay . 
  this is merely a delaying tactic , a very expensive one . 
  edit : even making the far-flung assumption that they 'll all get jobs, 
  which is what the republicans are trying to prevent . 
  why are n't saudi arabia , qatar and kuwait taking them in ? 
  they 're rich , they have plenty of money , they 're reasonably safe , they have the same culture and religion yet they 're barely taking them in . 
  and quite a few of those ` syrian refugees ' actually come from iran , pakistan and india . 
  by the time the dust has settled there will be more ` syrian refugees ' than syria 's population ever had . 
  between 1933 and 1945 it may have been . 
  good riddance i say . 
  by whom ? 
  just allow me to hope it 'll ever happen ... preferably in my lifetime, 
  the religion is n't the problem . 
  it 's the method . 
  it 's time for an islamic enlightenment . 
  only then muslims can be freed from their own ignorance . 
  jesus christ , i knew it was a joke too ffs . 
  how are the passenger miles calculated ? 
  because if the plane is full it 's more efficient than a nearly empty one . 
  and that is a problem because ? 
  you have better ideas to get people from europe to north america ? 
  because those ships are n't too clean either . 
  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/what-if-montcalm-had-won/article4290958/ french protectionism/colbertism extended to preventing quebec/new france from producing/trading anything but fur , which england did n't do ( which is why quebecers were actually happy with the quebec act and why ` canada ' never joined the united states even though the articles of confederation pre-approved them ) . 
  belgium is yet another beast . 
  this . 
  by the time the dust has cleared there will be more ` syrian refugees ' than there are syrians . 
  the dutch regent clique also started to speak french . 
  and then they almost got wiped out by the patriotic revolution ( sadly failed ), 
   we sold half the u.s. to the americans do n't forget that france treated their colonies like shit ( notably quebec ) during the ancien r\u00e9gime , by raising import tariffs on products from their own colonies . 
  afterwards napoleon was eager to offload them onto the americans , because he did n't want to bother with it anymore ( and america would probably eventually have annexed it anyways , and the people would n't give a shit ) . 
  yep . 
  the last time the new water line was actually used was during wwii , which only slowed the german invasion down a bit . 
  ( but then again , our national defense plans at that point dated from 1815 if not earlier , the fact that the germans took that long to conquer us is an accomplishment in itself ), 
  the history geek in me forces me to say that you probably meant 1830 . 
  long way to go ? 
  turkey is in full reverse .
