   whether they actually want to leave the euro is debatable . 
  [ it 's highly questionable whether it is possible to leave the euro without leaving the eu ] ( https://euobserver.com/news/113563 ), 
  best case scenario if macron does not materialize in actual votes : fillon surging in actual elections because his voter base of religious conservatives is loyal . 
  m\u00e9lenchon will hold a referendum on membership when he gets his deal . 
  if he does not get his deal he will trigger article 50 without a referendum . 
  he might not technically have broken the deal but he certainly broke the spirit of the deal . 
   which is fair enough . 
  if you talk about the hungarian uprising we can talk about cia involvement too right ? 
  i smell whataboutism  now can you mention how many countries invaded ussr right after the revolution and supported troops there there was no ussr before 1922 - and the marxist-leninist theory of world revolution meant that they more or less asked for it  no nato state was ever attacked by warsaw because they would get nuked if they even tried  you can also think perhaps of germany , being a nato state and definitely having attacked warsaw state countries . 
  the frg and nazi germany are fundamentally different unless you ask the gdr . 
   but then mentioning finland/baltics would be rather unfair since it was a different time . 
  in what way was the ( attempted ) annexation of both finland and the baltics justified ? 
   but abandoning the eurozone will end european integration ( it is that integral to the eu , especially after existing for alnost 20 years ) while it is my opinion that the eurozone made integration the inevitable goal rather than the method , i do not believe the eurozone is that important it would end european integration . 
  the economic chaos created by abandoning it is the only reason why i believe it should be saved . 
   the only area where his position makes sense is fiscal policy where the eurozone 's rules prevent large-scale stimulus paid through debt . 
  he does have a point there , no matter whether your agree with his ideas or not , but you ca n't forget it was france who agreed to the rules too . 
  and this is a very important one . 
  france structurally breaks the rules on debt [ with the european commission being unwilling to enforce the rule on france `` because it is france '' . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-eu-deficit-france-idukkcn0ym1n0 ) so quit your whining france , you are already in a privileged position . 
  these rules are important for the stability of the entire monetary union . 
  apparently the reactionaries ( both far-right and far-left ) are willing to fuck over the entire eurozone just because their voters are unwilling to accept that their experiment has failed - instead doubling down on failed policy . 
  the eu does not follow the will of germany . 
  the council is based on consensus . 
  http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/decision-making/ http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/voting-system/ [ while i dislike germany for the same reasons macron does ( which is the economic consensus ) ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-16/france-s-macron-says-german-trade-surplus-harmful-to-eu-economy ) , germany is not as mighty as it 's portrayed to be . 
  part of politics is compromise . 
  it is a very mature thing to do . 
  the fact that m\u00e9lenchon is unwilling to compromise means that he is both a bad politician and immature . 
   can you give one example of a communist state that was n't attacked ? 
  no warsaw pact state was ever attacked by nato . 
  the soviet union ( and warsaw pact ) have attacked the baltic states , finland , the hungarian uprising , the prague spring , afghanistan and were involved in the korean war and vietnam war . 
   and there is no reason to believe it was a false promise , stalin held up his the promises he made to the major powers . 
  and generally was n't considered unreliable in that sense . 
  although indeed propagandist to people . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_legislative_election,_1947  the yalta agreement called for `` free and unfettered '' elections in poland . 
  [ 12 ] however , the kremlin and the ppr had no intention of permitting an honest election . 
  soviet leader joseph stalin was well aware that if poland held a free election , it would result in an anti-soviet government same thing happened in other eastern bloc states , except that the communists did n't win in elections that were somewhat more free like in czechoslovakia and hungary because people clearly did not want communism . 
  it 's a choice between two evils . 
  both m\u00e9lenchon and le pen are a reaction of france 's failed socialist policies . 
  thing with m\u00e9lenchon is that he threatens to leave the eu without a referendum if he does not get his way in negotiations whereas le pen will always hold a referendum . 
  the problem with m\u00e9lenchon is that he seems to be economically incompetent without any clue whatsoever about whether it 's all campaigning ( like mitterand ) . 
  le pen 's recent antisemitic gaffes show that the old fn ( complete with the austerity policies jean-marie le pen proposed in 2003 ) might still be alive meaning that she might be willing to betray voters . 
  on the other hand , that 's a big risk . 
  i 'm not sure who i would vote for in such a situation , but i might have hinted on leaning towards le pen . 
  there are plenty of other ways to dominate a nation other than outright annexation or firing guns . 
  they do n't actually believe such things . 
  they are , however useful idiots unknowingly doing moscow 's bidding . 
   and many believe the us should 've accepted stalin 's offer of free east german elections and normalisation of ties stalin was a notorious liar . 
  stalin promised free elections in every state he subjugated , yet he did n't . 
   such that a cold war was n't necessary , but of course capatalist states favour human suffering over giving a communist state a fair chance communism has always failed every time it has been tried . 
  so we should protect people from themselves . 
  well , communists actually believe this . 
  according to communist theory there is no possibility of peaceful coexistence because socialism can only survive when all the competing systems have been eradicated . 
  of course that means that socialism is hugely flawed from the beginning when it requires the subjugation of the entire world for the egos of a few people who always want to have it their way . 
  it 's sketchy because he is a closet putin supporter . 
  he 's just not honest about it . 
   i do n't even know what to tell you . 
  i ca n't really blame you , after all , medias always push the liberal model as being the only viable one , but it 's always sad to see someone fall for it . 
  and quite anoying to be the one called a simple mind while you just spit out what you hear on tv . 
  you talk about how the liberal model is bad without any arguments to back it up . 
  i think our dutch liberal model is better at doing the things the french socialist model is supposed to do ( more income equality ) without the unemployment . 
   he does want to renegociate treaties . 
  not just for france , but for everyone . 
  the idea is to prevent social dumping across the continent , and having the eu being more homogenous . 
  that 's being against the eu to you ? 
  his demands are unrealistic and he is threatening to article 50 the entire eu without a referendum when he does n't get his way . 
   when the french sncf was owned by the state , it worked a lot better than when it was privatized now you are objectively talking bullshit . 
  [ sncf is still owned by the state . 
  ] ( http://www.sncf.com/en/meet-sncf/serving-the-public )  not all rich are the same . 
  but rich people do n't create job , entrepreneurs do . 
  companies do so you should n't build a system that makes rich people , entrepreneurs and companies avoid france . 
  jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon is a reaction of the old 20th century socialist model that has utterly failed france . 
   your idea is probably that we should just accept what is happening , and let the worker 's conditions ( and i say `` worker '' very broadly here , more like `` everyone that is n't the 1 % '' ) get worse and worse day after day you mean ban employers from firing people which would have the ironic side effect of employers completely stopping with hiring people ( worsening youth employment even more ) . 
  these proposals only help the elderly whereas they fuck over the young even more . 
   well , you ca n't make money selling stuff to people if you do n't even give them enough money to survive in the first place did anyone here mention getting rid of welfare ( libertarianism ) ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  how is effectively limiting people 's income not socialist ? 
   too bad if he likes it , at least we 're not doing our part in helping the usa bomb hospitals in the me . 
  which is collateral damage , unlike russia and assad systematically bombing citizens on purpose . 
  this is the very difference . 
  cameron had achievable , realistic goals whereas m\u00e9lenchon 's goals are unrealistic and unachievable . 
  a m\u00e9lenchon win would result in a guaranteed frexit whereas le pen would have a referendum first . 
   he is helping russia by doing that , but it 's not why he 's doing it , he 's doing it because he wants france to be able to pursue its own policies , because otherwise he has to pursue the usa 's and the eu 's bullshit neo-liberal policies in the very same sentence . 
  with context it 's even more obvious . 
  you talk about dropping russian sanctions because they supposedly are ` neo-liberal policies imposed on france by the evil dictatorial us and eu ' . 
  your sentence is written weirdly . 
  the us has stronger environmental regulations than russia ( and in some cases the eu ) . 
  also , the us has also sanctioned russia over annexing crimea . 
   on a side note , paris 's air quality within the agglomeration is in breach of eu no2 nitrogen oxide and pm10 fine particle limits . 
  which is completely france 's fault due to them basically subsidizing diesel fuel as well as france lobbying in brussels for more lenient environmental regulations for diesel cars ( even though a car is supposed to be a car ) . 
  they made their bed , now they have to lie in it . 
  in what way are sanctions on russia ` neo-liberal ' ? 
  what is neoliberalism ? 
  and what does global warming and reducing inequality have to do with russian sanctions ? 
  in fact , sanctioning russia means less people buy from polluting russian companies , less russian shipping , etc. 
  we all are . 
  saying the cold war is over is part of the problem - the denial that russia is waging cold warfare upon us . 
  who benefits from dropping sanctions ? 
  not giving russia a shit time is really bad for people who support freedom and democracy . 
  clearly m\u00e9lenchon does not care about such ` trivialities ' . 
  this .
