  other than their persecution of journalists , dissidents and peaceful protestors ? 
  lol . 
  globalization brought prosperity . 
  supposedly it has something to do with the azerty keyboard , which leads to the rather awkward situation where the spanish and swiss are able to type better french than the actual french . 
  that 's only the army of useful idiots . 
  the panama papers were imo barely interesting . 
  the amount of media coverage it got was ridiculous . 
  the `` rest of europe '' also includes the like-minded countries they added . 
  the brits kept brussels accountable for some of the ridiculous laws and regulations that used to originate from the commission . 
  especially in the pre-juncker era . 
  the netherlands has a mandatory insurance system like obamacare , not the single-payer piece of shit called the nhs . 
  in fact , the uk considered enlargement the best way to prevent federalism by adding like-minded conservative countries to the union . 
   i actually think the uk had a good influence on the eu ... sometimes . 
  they were really critical of eu wastes and absurdities , and they would scrutinise european institutions . 
  thing is , you can have all that liberalism , democracy and social spending , but if you 're unwilling to defend it by brute force , it 's worth nothing , nada , zero . 
  thing is , this idea has always been reasonable . 
   it was the us that said against european nations after ww2 : `` i 'll take care of military , you guys boom up '' . 
  which was good policy in the beginning for obvious reasons . 
  when europe recovered we actually spent a good bit of money on defense , making nato an alliance . 
  during the last 20 years nato has become more of an us protectorate rather than an alliance due to chronic underspending and freeriding on the us . 
  a trump cow would say boooooooob, 
  being that beacon of process apparently involves sky-high ( youth ) unemployment and huge foreign debt ? 
  ( there 's a reason the ps is implementing austerity now ), 
  hamon and m\u00e9lenchon are both economically incompetent , hamon even more so . 
  cameron pushed for said referendum because some seats were allegedly heavily under pressure from farage ( then again , the polling in that election was a bit off ), 
  farage was powerful enough to force through a referendum on eu membership with only a couple of mp 's , and to win said referendum . 
  may is now going for a hard brexit to obliterate ukip once and for all , while at the same time pushing back against putin ( british policy is still to get turkey into the eu ) . 
  an european nato would have the added benefit of allowing norway , iceland , turkey and canada to join ( as well as states that ca n't be eu members on short notice ), 
  sacrvm imperivm romanvm is the only legitimate european superstate . 
  it was leopold ii 's wet dream , after all . 
  they did manage to install their own president . 
   head of ` liberal democrats ' is a clown like trump zhirinovsky is funny [ yet recently scared me to death when some things he yelled when drunk in 2002 seemed to have become ... reality ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exflowmsd88 ), 
  it 's not about the article . 
  it 's about the meaning . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-18233844  those who called it `` the ukraine '' in english must have known that the word meant `` borderland '' , says anatoly liberman , a professor at the university of minnesota with a specialism in etymology . 
  so they referred to it as `` the borderland '' . 
   `` after the collapse of the soviet union , ukrainians probably decided that the article denigrated their country [ by identifying it as a part of russia ] and abolished ` the ' while speaking english , so now it is simply ukraine . 
   do you forget why georgia attacked first on russia ? 
  because russia only dares to pick on the little guy . 
  the only reason why he was able to was because bush backed down against putin . 
  quite possibly bush 's worst decision . 
  if russia was a proper democratic country it would n't throw a hissyfit if nato even considered expanding ; in fact , it might even have joined nato . 
   only because it was ceded by russia after the dissolution of the ussr crimea was ceded to the ukrainian ssr back in the 1950s by khrushchev . 
  you forgot the part where the little green men walked in . 
  the fact that you 're using the term ` the ukraine ' instead of ` ukraine ' simply proves that you view ukraine as nothing more than a rebellious province of russia . 
  how would vladimir putin react if a bunch of ~ ~ finnish soldiers ~ ~ little green men started ` vacationing ' in karelia , then declared independence and joined finland ? 
  piss poor analogy . 
  the only thing that i am willing to give you is that politicians had to be deliberately vague about the intent of a missile shield , because if you talked about russia you got accused of wanting to start a cold war and russia not being a threat anymore . 
  ukraine and georgia should have been accepted into nato . 
  it would have been a big message to vladimir putin to stop fucking with independent nations who do n't want anything to do with russia . 
  yes, 
  putin keeps whining about how others want to start a cold war against him . 
  let 's just tear off the band-aid already . 
  if putin wants a cold war putin can get one . 
  and therefore paint him as if he were some kind of irl bond villain . 
  russian politics is a clusterfuck . 
  people who want the soviet union back without the soviet part , a liberal democratic party which is more of a nazi party , need i go on ? 
  please not . 
  which is why all gains from corruption should be taken from them . 
  but polan will never into space . 
  prussian military culture is still alive and well in ... chile . 
  you ca n't prevent getting caught in a terror attack ( unless you stay inside a nuclear bunker forever ) . 
  you can prevent getting struck by lightning ( by staying inside when you hear thunder ) . 
  i sure hope it 's from the russian equivalent of the onion . 
  devsvvlt, 
  so he 's blaming other people for his incompetence . 
  yet still in britain , so they ca n't make anything straight . 
  then again , why the hell would you want to conquer switzerland ? 
  hostile terrain , and the only thing of value to any foreign country requires switzerland to remain neutral . 
  because you got ta store that nazi gold somewhere . 
  well that would have backfired quickly - it became apparent quickly that it would be afghanistan on the caucasus . 
  so we need to strengthen china and their neighbors ( except russia ) to prevent russia from weakening them like dugin suggests . 
  meh , putin is delaying what 's probably inevitable . 
   the key difference has been under obama the us has been a complete lame duck compared to his predecessor and almost all previous administrations, 
  it 's quite easy to fall for russian propaganda . 
  i admittedly have fallen for it too . 
  change a couple of words around and you could even defend a domestic abuser with this sentence . 
   and the plundering was done by russians themselves . 
   far from the wet dreams of white supremacists , russia and its sphere are a powder keg of different ethnicities , nationalities , tribal and religious groups , all rife with separatism, 
  for a modern example : look at how venezuela is disintegrating at a rapid pace . 
  and with that 500 million they have to not only produce news but also a wide spectrum of television and radio programming . 
  rt just praises the heroic russian solders in their great patriotic quest to secure the country of rossiya 's great ally syria against us-backed terrorist !, 
  next on rt , \u041d\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f will again be part of the glorious federation next year !, 
  if only we could revive mccarthyism everywhere around the world ... 
  and people are still being ridiculed when viewing russia as a threat . 
  russia is as dangerous as it was back during the cold war . 
  first of all : the dutch constitution is closer to a set of guidelines rather than a binding document ( we fortunately have no supreme court to overturn laws - imagine the mess the current constitution would cause ) . 
  second of all : it 's a document designed to be very widely interpreted . 
  in fact , it explicitly states that conditions for public financing of education can be written into law ( you could theoretically even ban the teaching of christianity by law ) . 
  it 's not exactly how it works, 
   it will be thought in murky places we do n't know about . 
  unlike house of cards , the real white house has an entire press corps which regulates itself . 
  considering how timmermans shouted how there was proof that g\u00fclen was involved in the coup , then backing down once he realized he would have been the only one with said evidence ... makes you wonder whether erdogan whispered that into his ear, 
  and labour reinstated her afterwards . 
  no wonder nobody takes the left serious anymore , when they refuse to kick out notorious anti-semites . 
  i hope they wo n't . 
  they did n't in reaction to soviet propaganda ( pravda and their international affiliates ) . 
  it 's western journalists ' responsibility to provide good journalism that is n't tinted with their personal biases . 
  until they start talking israel , of course . 
  and that 's only al jazeera english .
