  every dead jihadi is one that ca n't come back to haunt us . 
  { bracing for downvotes }, 
  it 's the netherlands . 
  the government loves forcing people to pay for what is essentially nothing . 
  would you use a loophole to reduce your taxes if it 's all legal ? 
  how can a country be expected to pay their debts if it 's not even allowed to reform its tax service so everyone has to pay their taxes , instead of mindlessly raising rates therefore making it more lucrative to come up with schemes to evade it . 
  besides that , most of their debt is nationalized private debt - essentially a form of crony capitalism . 
  kiev should never have been involved in the mh17 investigation . 
  there 's a huge conflict of interest right there . 
  besides that the radar footage is still elusive ( because `` they did n't ask for the footage '' ), 
  greece ca n't really be expected to keep their borders completely airtight considering the eu has also imposed a humiliating austerity program on them . 
  maybe you should make the best of it instead of whining about the inevitable on the internet . 
  i 'd support it and would get drafted . 
  what i really oppose is people who dodged the draft and then proceed to tell people how it should be ( re ) introduced or how soldiers should be sent abroad ( or even worse , calling soldiers baby killers ) . 
   seriously , they send conscripted people for offense not exactly . 
  the idf merely considers offense the best form of defense . 
  israel 's pre-emptive attack in the six day war gave them a huuge advantage with relatively little casualties . 
  they do n't deploy conscripts ( or any other soldiers ) on the other side of the world . 
  that and the national guard is n't a conscript force . 
  po is n't eurosceptic therefore the eu wo n't raise as much hell as they do now . 
  if the eu puts poland ` under supervision ' nigel farage finally has proof of a neo-brezhnev doctrine . 
  8 . poland finally can into space, 
  iirc it means white rus , translated from byelorussian . 
  the soviets ( and the chinese ) stepped on the right to self determination of many nations ; that 's worse enough . 
  i do n't give a fuck about shooting the entire eu in the legs . 
  it 's an undemocratic institution and it should be treated as such . 
  the soviet union was rotten even before it was established . 
  lenin , trotsky ( the guy who put the machine guns behind the front lines to shoot deserters , friendly guy i say ) , stalin , all were pure evil . 
  at least lenin was capable of self reflection and saw that marxism was unable to work in a country , leading to the institution of the nep . 
  stalin was n't , and killed 30m people in the process of making something that does n't work work . 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_invasion_of_azerbaijan ) , it was [ based ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish%e2%80%93armenian_war ) on [ invasion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_invasion_of_georgia ) . 
  and then [ more invasions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states ) . 
  after the king signs it there 's still a period for a referendum to be called . 
  in that period it 's not ratified yet . 
  willy wonka can believe whatever he wants , he 's not getting his treaty for now . 
  the eu acting as if we 've already ratified the treaty is one of the many reasons i 'll be voting no in april, 
  diesel should be more expensive . 
  when refining oil , more gasoline is produced than diesel . 
  the laws of supply and demand state that gasoline must be cheaper . 
  then the taxman comes in and ruins it . 
  yet ironically taxation policy , especially in holland and denmark is causing more old vehicles to remain on the road . 
  if it blows up comrade corbyn can always nationalize everything and remove filthy bourgeois scum, 
  according to that logic the eu should expel itself . 
  after israel withdrew from gaza ( causing an internal shitstorm ) , attacks on israel intensified , forcing them to act ( causing a shitstorm ) . 
  considering there 's a big overlap between the afa ( dutch antifa 's , who , ironically , use fascist methods ) and kozp , i dare to say this whole discussion has been started by communist agitators . 
  they 're more than 20 days late to the party . 
  in fact , the us constitution may have been the most progressive constitution for it 's time , ever . 
  annexing ( or giving palestinians those civil rights they 've been complaining about ; which would be a de facto annexation ) causes a shitstorm . 
  withdrawing causes a shitstorm . 
  continuing the occupation causes a shitstorm . 
  every option is shit . 
   but it would annex strategically important and highly valuable sections of the west bank -- while retaining `` security control '' over other parts remember , israel at it 's narrowest point is only 14km , incidentally near their largest population center . 
  it would be very easy to split israel in two during an attack ; and would lead to huge amounts of civilian casualties ( remember , most palestinians would love to see a second holocaust )  in exchange for taking fertile west bank lands that happen to contain most of the region 's scarce water aquifers israel barely uses groundwater anymore , as they now draw water from desalination plants . 
  [ the pa builds illegal wells , drains aquifers and generally uses water inefficiently . 
  ] ( http://www.jpost.com/opinion/columnists/palestinian-lies-like-water-319582 ), 
  and even more shockingly : they stayed ... 
  within budget !, 
  except for the fact that it was a small , but obnoxious minority . 
  it would have been at-grade like the older a13 to the east , which they did n't like . 
  also environmentalists are idiots . 
  only in the randstad and on busier roads ( overtaking on a wider road at night is a little creepier with low light ) . 
  outside of urban areas they 're unlit . 
  the road was sunken because of complaints by environmentalists . 
  it would n't be elevated because it 's located in a wide open area . 
  after 63 years it 's finally finished . 
  too bad they had to go for the overly complicated solution just to prevent environmentalists from going even further apeshit than they already did , during the last 63 years . 
  not very special . 
  for some reason ` dutch ' people living in morocco can leach off welfare ( at dutch levels ) without being checked upon . 
  for moroccan standards they 're rich as fuck . 
  france should just send the army into the jungle , and forcibly evict it . 
  it makes it a lot easier at least . 
  that would be a good idea . 
  therefore it wo n't happen in europe . 
  visa waiver program ! = a visa and iirc the us ca n't do shit without asking said questions . 
  something something perjury . 
  the us has deported former members of the nazi party back to germany when they discover that they did n't disclose that in their immigration application , in fact , they still occasionally do . 
  and the us learned from vietnam , and promptly abolished conscription ( and stopped deploying conscripts abroad as a side effect ) . 
  we still have n't learned from srebrenica . 
  those are the worst . 
  or of course , those who dodged the draft yet advocate for war . 
  ( aka plenty of people in our parliament ), 
  left and rightism are terms that have been irrelevant since 1795 . 
  i do n't get why they 're still being used , as they overly simplify someone 's political positions ,, 
  the democratic party has done exactly that successfully for the last 50 years . 
  they manage to support lgbt rights while also courting a huge part of the african american electorate who do n't support gay rights ( in fact , in california , the single biggest ethnic group voting in favor of prop 8 were black ; promptly swept under the rug by the democrats ), 
  poland was merely moved , the only country effectively receiving reparations was the ussr . 
  and poland , on their turn , lost vast areas of territory to the soviet union . 
  ( nowadays belarus and ukraine ), 
  i definitely wonder what the temporary parliament will look like . 
  it looks like they bought the entire office furniture department at ikea . 
  used to be worse . 
  the boudewijnweg ( a13/e313 ) , just 10 years ago , used to be like a trampoline . 
  and then of course , the seemingly never-ending roadworks where it looked like nothing was ever done ( every time we went on vacation we had to slow down ) in the ardennes on the a4/e411 also were the butt of many jokes . 
  when they finally ended not much seemed to have changed . 
  and it should be . 
  less comfort means shorter debates , therefore it costs the taxpayer less . 
  ( every parliament should have their benches as uncomfortable as possible ), 
  http://i.imgur.com/mmihzgs.jpg the old chamber looked much better . 
  150 representatives made it cramped ( it was designed for 100 reps ) so they moved to the new chamber in 1991 . 
  at least we have wilders to provide us with entertainment .
