  al jazeera arabic does n't even make it a secret they hate jews . 
  euronews really feels like a cheap ripoff compared to bbc world , cnn and al jazeera . 
  more wasting of taxpayer 's money , i say . 
   those would necessitate unifying labour protection laws which would be highly unpopular in countries with inflexible labor markets ( imagine if brussels actually forced said laws on the populace - just look at the current outcry in france ) , while being quite unpopular with politicians in countries with more flexible labor markets than the proposal . 
   and generally triumphed because russia 's infrastructure was so shit it became impossible to support a military campaign in its heartlands even then russia has the advantage of being huge , which many people ( including napoleon and hitler ) have failed to understand . 
  combined with people expecting autobahns all the way from brest-litovsk to moscow , of course . 
  which is the biggest myth ever pushed in russian history . 
  almost on the level of the dolchsto\u00dflegende . 
  was n't that the same survey that also said that basically nobody would have wanted to live under stalin ? 
   our liberals had their chance back in 90s and they utterly failed everything because the ` group of thieves ' quickly took over before the liberals actually had a shot at fixing the place . 
  [ the liberals then resigned because it became hopeless . 
  ] ( http://jeffsachs.org/2012/03/what-i-did-in-russia/ ), 
  russia seems to be a highly conflicted country . 
  sometimes they want to be considered a great western power ( catherine , the pre-stalin internationalists ) , but then they want nothing to do with the west and instead they are all about the east ( stalin , putin ) . 
  they also seem to not have come to terms with the collapse of the soviet union , with many half-baked attempts being made to restore the union . 
  the blame for the current situation can mostly be laid at stalin , imo . 
  his ` socialism in one country ' really fucked over wherever the union went . 
  putin uses that to justify his tyranny , because he is ` an effective manager ' . 
  ( considering the way he ran saint-petersburg as de facto mayor , compared to the mayor of , say , moscow , probably . ), 
  [ this is a pretty fascinating read on putin 's character ] ( https://books.google.nl/books?id=ut1ad0d5frac ), 
  they vote akp because the akp has mastered campaigning under diaspora turks . 
  however , they do n't have to live under akp rule ( they might decide to vote other things ) . 
  meh , the icc is a joke and always has been one . 
  i mean , we 're still not able to agree on what international crimes are . . 
  which the us will gladly take away if the eu decides that their ideological project is way more important than having their security backed by the greatest superpower there has ever been . 
  then how do we define an european language ? 
  paris , attitude-wise should be considered as much a part of france as nyc is considered a part of the us . 
  i was eating breakfast you fuck, 
   the french refuse to accept that not everyone speaks or at least understands their language . 
  actually , the french outside of france are actually able to speak english . 
   the french refuse to accept that not everyone speaks or at least understands their language . 
  actually , the french outside of france are actually able to speak english . 
  this is also why iran is nowadays called iran instead of persia . 
  learn to separate the jewish religion from the jewish people thankyouverymuch, 
  environmentalists would throw an even bigger hissyfit over new nuclear plants than over coal or oil . 
  sadly . 
  so cut off the hand that feeds them . 
  was n't the pakistani intelligence service in cahoots with the taliban ? 
  hollande and sarkozy were one of the best things to happen to french foreign policy in decades . 
  nah , just destroy all infrastructure and run to the hills, 
   on a more positive note , i 've found that dutch is actually quite easy and fun to read yet terrible to write . 
  other than being a deterrent in case any neighbouring country decides to try something stupid . 
  totally not important . 
  and they failed to export it to the baltic states , and yet they annexed them afterwards . 
  i knew that there was something fishy . 
  polan still can not into space, 
  935 miles . 
  i expect people to make a multi-day road trip out of it because there 's plenty to see on the way . 
  nearest large city is salt lake city which is 324 miles away . 
  you said foreigners . 
  the extra flight mileage from europe towards west coast is n't even that expensive . 
  just imagine gas prices in the neighbouring countries then if we consider luxembourg relatively cheap . 
  if only we could have canadian gas prices for starters . 
  fortunately america just happens to have a perfectly fine network of roads . 
  they did until the good friday agreement - and the uk was a nato member long before that . 
  is n't sweden among the countries with the highest tax rates ? 
  would be accurate . 
  [ amazing in the negative sense of the word ] ( https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/amazing ), 
  this is mostly referring to the [ audi gang ] ( http://www.ad.nl/buitenland/meer-dan-honderd-duitse-ramkraken-door-nederlandse-audi-bende~a7d29085/ ), 
  if you do n't mind it getting stolen , rammed into an atm then found completely burned out in an alley, 
  dutch atm 's have been reinforced as of late . 
  so the gangs moved to germany . 
  well yeah , guess what parts of our citizenry are doing to audi rs4/rs6 avants around the western border ? 
  yes , and trade would be the reason to stop using dutch and start using english or god forbid , german ; and yet we do n't . 
  your point being ? 
  applying that logic to the netherlands , our language would have been dead by now . 
  i like your attitude . 
  why the hell would someone visit a place the * working class * visits too ? 
  that 's like asking for trouble . 
   and kadyrov does probably do a good job of protecting the region from radical islamists , at the cost of being a corrupt dictator himself and being a radical islamist himself . 
  he actually praised the charlie hebdo attackers . 
   and kadyrov does probably do a good job of protecting the region from radical islamists , at the cost of being a corrupt dictator himself and being a radical islamist himself . 
  he actually praised the charlie hebdo attackers . 
  chechnya is effectively the 21st century version of a fiefdom . 
   thus the joke amongst my turkish friends : turks are the only people in the world who can study english for a year and not speak a single word of it . 
  and the joke about japan is that you can get a degree in english language there in four years without being able to form a single coherent sentence . 
  and neither did french presidents before macron came along . 
  though iirc fillon and sarkozy both had some knowledge of english . 
  iirc they use interpreters for official business . 
  actually , putin started learning german around the age of 3 because one of the fellow residents in the kommunalka he grew up in was a german teacher ( she also was jewish ) . 
  exactly . 
  the house of commons ( and especially pmq 's ) makes the boring thing called politics quite a bit more interesting . 
  are there even any countries left that do n't bother with sham elections ? 
   its ok , they 're only ever that busy ~ ~ a half dozen times ~ ~ twice a year . 
  and nearly at pmq 's . 
  if cutting one 's dick is the very definition of jewish identity i 'd be worried about the state of jewish identity . 
  source ? 
  i think gorbachev was a great leader for finally doing something to fix world 's biggest failed state . 
   contrary to the promises that had been given to gorbachev . 
  [ you 'd expect gorbachev to remember such a promise ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/blog/up-front/2014/11/06/did-nato-promise-not-to-enlarge-gorbachev-says-no/ ), 
  which can be expected for a plane that only made its first flight a few years ago with a lot of complex technology . 
  it 's completely unacceptable for a plane that had its first flight 15 years ago . 
  the f-35 is n't faulty . 
  it 's merely having teething issues due to all the new technology . 
  the eurofighter entered service more than 10 years ago and still has many issues causing it to get grounded regularly . 
  and in the time eurofighter has been developing an aesa radar retrofit ( since the 1990s ) lockheed martin designed an entire airplane and sent it into the air ... with an aesa radar . 
  airplanes simply take long to develop . 
  ignore geenstijl on the f-35 . 
  they 'd be small fish . 
  also they sent in irish and maltese respectively as their official languages because the brits already sent in english .
