sorry i offended you with my honesty . 
  i feel bad for being in that circle on \\ # 20 . 
  we should get on with the times . 
  i live in poland , and til . 
  hopefully . 
  `` speed limits are just ... suggestions '' my colleague who drives as if he always has diarrhea . 
  the true joke is that there is a handful of roads in poland that allow those speeds , and more often than not you will drive at 50-70 km/h . 
  if you 're lucky . 
  we 're doing our best . 
  both of us . 
  no , he is rather infamous . 
  that kettlebell makes me think i was born in the wrong country . 
  i can agree on maybe \\ # 9 . 
  the rest looks like soviet-style blocks i live in atm and it 's not a very appealing sight . 
  tfw no data . 
  i can say that at 1m72 i feel rather short . 
   what kind of media would that be ? 
  it would be best to run a search for it . 
  i 've heard this issue come up now and then throughout many years related to the press , websites , tv , radio . 
  i am not bothered by it , but the tenacity of our government about this sometimes makes me wonder that the issue might be more serious than i thought . 
  either this happens often by accident , or someone does it on purpose - i personally do not care that much because i understand the difference . 
   accepting and owning this part of our past is one of our cultural values . 
  i think every country should do that , including us . 
  i do want to throw one more thing in here - i think the problem is that we 've been having similar thing with the russians . 
  about 20 thousand polish citizens were murdered by soviets and mass buried in katyn forest in 1940 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre#polish.e2.80.93russian_relations russia only few years ago officially admitted to it happening and decided to straighten the record about the entire event , and yet there is very strong opposition in the russian government that claims all the evidence is false and the entire thing never happened . 
  so maybe we are a bit oversensitive about things like that , because of how we were treated by our eastern neighbour . 
   i could see myself using that but innocently meaning `` death camps in poland '' . 
  i think that depends on the cultural context . 
  someone not from either poland or germany might not get the correct meaning , due to lack of context . 
  and it 's those people that the concern is about , because unwillingly this might send a false message . 
  i am not very irritated by it , but there are a lot of people sensitive about this issue in poland . 
  i personally know few people whose grandparents died in those camps and they really get livid about it . 
  i think it was bocholt , near the west border . 
  i did like that city very much , it was fairly well organized and kept in order , public bicycles and all . 
  at the time it was night and day difference to the place i live and work in - we got most of it just last year , and i was there in 1997 . 
  i also visited some historical places around western germany , like the bonn cathedral . 
  i was quite a while ago , so i do n't remember much . 
  i hope to make up for it with another trip , maybe this year . 
   i know it 's a stupid stereotype but when you think of an eastern european city you mostly just think of socialist style blocks etc that is no stupid stereotype . 
  most civic areas look like that , thanks to legacy of communism and its brutalism construction style . 
  i really love it when people look out the windows and do n't have those ugly blocks all over the place . 
  which is why i liked the suburban area i stayed in bocholt . 
  it was nice and colorful , with lots of greenery . 
  things slowly move forward with more modern construction , but those old buildings are still around . 
  there are nice areas everywhere that break this trend , not everything is like that . 
  we have some nice places to visit , either for people curious about history or ones interested in nature or landscape . 
  unfortunately we have plenty of picking-at-straw and paranoid people in poland . 
  and nowadays quite a few of them are in charge , which bothers us to no end and probably makes us a target of ridicule . 
  i am inclined to believe that there might be some malicious groups out there with such an agenda , but they are a small minority . 
  in general i do not believe this is a common sentiment in the country . 
  i 've been to germany , i liked it there , people are friendly and all . 
  maybe it 's the older generation 's sentiment coming through with such things . 
   yes , the germans ' opinions about poland ( the country , not the people ) often are n't the best , but that 's mostly because of the recent far right uprising in poland with szyd\u0142o being a very controversial head of state ( at least in germany she is ) . 
  same thing in poland , i can tell you that . 
  for quite a while we have been divided between two political parties , none of which is any better than the other . 
  this one is definitely more conservative and nationalistic . 
   sorry for writing so much , but as a german wwii is a difficult topic . 
  obviously it 's sometimes the elephant in the room . 
  but i 've managed to put it behind me an have fun in germany . 
  hope to visit again , because i really liked it there . 
   seriously , i do n't know why polish people would even think that germany wants to put the blame on poland . 
  i wonder the same thing , perhaps our government is overreacting a bit . 
  i am not really spreading such allegations , mostly relaying how some people feel about it in my country , officially or personally . 
  most of that anti zdf talk was was from a bit of a biased news source ( polish equivalent of reddit , with tends to sway towards various biases ) . 
  i would not be surprised if more people felt like that . 
  i probably forgot to mention that bias . 
  i try to stay away from those . 
   if people hear it and correctly understand that it 's referring to geography then there 's no misinformation . 
  this is exactly how misinformation happens . 
  it hinges on that `` if '' part . 
  not everyone will infer it this way , it might greatly depend on their native language . 
   you can find plenty of references to the us invading france in wwii , but no one seriously argues that we 're at risk of people thinking the us and france were fighting each other . 
  maybe that is because there is strong historical context there . 
  most people have an idea who was on which side in wwii , at least as western europe , england and us are concerned . 
  there is a strong image of france being the country ridden with resistance groups that played a role in taking back the country , spread out throughout the media over few decades . 
  hard to say , really . 
  how can you discern if phrase was used accidentally or not ? 
  unless someone used it repeatedly . 
  from what i 've heard the zdf tv station in germany is very notorious in that regard . 
  but i am not very sure about that . 
  they did have a court case recently over this . 
  the point is to prevent usage of this phrase , because it 's either spreading misinformation or used with malicious intent . 
  it does ' t really matter which , both are harmful . 
   even if people did start to think the poles also had death camps , they 're not going to forget that the germans also had them . 
  future is hard to predict . 
  there are already people denying the holocaust ever happened - you just never know what will come of it ; the polish government and embassies take this ` polish death camps ' thing very seriously , so i would say it 's not a trivial matter . 
  this issue goes back at least 10-15 years , it comes and goes all the time . 
  rewriting the history sometimes works step by step , like this . 
  of course i prefer to believe that this is just an unfortunate case of bad phrasing . 
   can you point to an example of this ? 
  google ` zdf polish death camps ' . 
  plenty of recent events there . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-38842087  poland 's government has long complained about language implying polish responsibility for atrocities committed while the country was occupied by nazi germany . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22polish_death_camp%22_controversy  `` polish death camp '' and `` polish concentration camp '' are terms that have been used in international media , and by public figures , in reference to concentration camps built and run by nazi germany in the general government and other parts of occupied poland during world war ii . 
  the use of these terms has been described as insulting by the polish foreign minister adam daniel rotfeld ( himself a jewish holocaust survivor ) in 2005 , who also alleged that -- ** intentionally or unintentionally -- it shifted the responsibility for the design , planning , construction or operation of the camps from the german to the polish people ** . 
  the use of these terms , explicitly mentioning `` poland '' or `` polish '' , has been discouraged by the polish and israeli governments , polish diaspora organizations around the world , and jewish organizations such as the american jewish committee . 
   the only time were the word polish would be used is to specify that we 're talking only about the ones that lie in poland . 
  i think the problem is that silent assumption , that the same meaning carries outside of your country . 
  not everyone has the same context , especially if it is merely implied . 
  example - let 's say the usa operates its own military base in japan , do you say `` japanese military base '' ?
