  i 'd pay to see assad 's reaction to this video today !, 
  `` now listen , you people of nato . 
  you 're bombing a wall which stood in the way of african migration to europe and in the way of al-qaeda terrorists . 
  this wall was libya . 
  you 're breaking it . 
  you 're idiots , and you will burn in hell for thousands of migrants from africa and for supporting al-qaeda . 
  it will be so . 
  i never lie . 
  and i do not lie now . '' \\ - muamar gaddafi, 
  main eu countries ( germany and france ) love to make a fuss about us because it takes the world 's eyes off them . 
  i mean , they 're pseudo-dictatorships themselves . 
  anyone who opposes the eu is shut down , propaganda is leaked into news that hides all the crimes against natives , other countries have to accept their demands or face sanctions , etc. 
   i see the orthodox and catholic church as equal , that 's why i have personally no problem with the conversions between them . 
  we certainly have a lot of similarities , such as apostolic succession and valid sacraments . 
  we still have some doctrinal issues to hash out , though . 
   let 's hope for an unification in our lifetime . 
  we can only hope !, 
  though i fear it will take longer . 
  come back home to rome . 
   https://holysynergy.wordpress.com/2017/07/11/breaking-news-the-orthodox-church-of-puerto-rico-enters-into-communion-with-the-catholic-church/, 
  [ 1182 never forget ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_the_latins ), 
  st. peter urges you to join the one , holy , catholic , and apostolic church . 
  you ca n't trust these independent polls , especially from sources like onet or tvn . 
  as you know , they are highly biased against pis . 
  i could find you a different poll that said szyd\u0142o 's gabinet is rated positively by 82 % of the 18-29 age group now . 
  it 's all a sham depending on who that particular source supports . 
  remember when 2 years ago they were claiming that komorowski would win with ease and that it was n't even a competition with duda . 
  here we are now . 
  it 's not as if the leaders of pis stormed warsaw and took parliament by force . 
  we democratically voted and we chose them . 
  everyone knew what their rule would be like . 
  the courts are very corrupt right now , it 's not as if they 're shining examples of democracy . 
  pis would probably do a better job at running things . 
   it might be a sign of increased involvement of the youth though ? 
  pis got 25.80 % of the 18-29 vote , kukiz ( mostly allies of pis ) got 19.90 % , korwin ( you know him from his eu speeches ) got 16.80 % and po only 16.80 % . 
   but judging by the downvoted i 'm going to say that they do n't . 
  they do , but reddit will never admit that . 
  even russia ( which is actively invading a eu ally ) does n't get as much media attention as poland nowadays . 
  people are acting like a slavic hitler rose from the dead here , it 's pretty funny . 
  trump is n't worried about anything , it 's the us state department making a statement . 
  they 've worked against trump before , too . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  germans and americans have very similar laws for their courts . 
  it 's a national pastime for czechs to spread it wide for germans . 
   kascinsky serves poland russia on a plate temporary trouble with the eu ( which will resolve itself soon enough ) does n't nullify our nato membership . 
   or do you believe , turmp will hesitate one moment to sell poland for a deal ? 
  no , most people do n't trust him . 
  pis won the elections with double digits more than po . 
  even today , their numbers are going up while those of po ( and other leftist parties ) are plummeting . 
  the only reason germany cares about the ` rule of law ' in poland is because their puppet government was ousted and their influence is slipping . 
  does n't change the fact that most of us support pis . 
   oh yeah we 'll all be evil muslims by then i said foreign parents , that does n't mean muslims ( this includes various groups of eastern euros , asians , africans , middle easterners , etc ) . 
  face it , your people will be a minority in their own country , ha . 
  also , i never called muslims evil . 
  i sympathize with their situation and i hope that allah grants them a lot of welfare benefits that you have to work for . 
    live off of our charity and steal our shit , i 'm sure i 'm glad you 've got your job figured out . 
  now get some sleep , you 've got a long day ahead making money for me . 
   but hey , inferior cultures right ? 
  yeah , yeah . 
  40 % of your under 5 population is born to foreign parents . 
  your people wo n't exist in less than a century , good riddance . 
  yes , that 's why muslim immigrants constantly lash out with terrorist attacks in revenge . 
  i 'm starting to see why the rest of the world hates you western europeans . 
  all your governments do is meddle in the affairs of foreign nations . 
   poland intents to build a fence . 
  we can do that , but you 'll need to send over some more eu funds . 
  germany should build a wall around its entire country so that they can fully enjoy the benefits of tanned germans and the peaceful diversity they create . 
  if they were born in a stable , would they be classified as horses ? 
  wilno is truly a beautiful city . 
  what for ? 
  western and northern europe have leftist dictatorship regimes , but nobody criticizes them . 
  i see you have nothing of value to contribute . 
   what exactly is wrong with my statements ? 
   and almost always there will be cardinals , `` canonical law lawyers '' and acutal lawyers hired by the church to protect them . 
  like i said , at this point it 's a witch hunt . 
  do n't you think they should have proper representation in courts with so many false accusations being thrown around ? 
  people think they can make money by slandering the church and its priests . 
   pedophilia is the problem and the illness ( they also rape girls ) . 
  homosexuality is n't . 
  90 % + of these cases are homosexual . 
  you 're right , though . 
  there is a correlation between homosexuality and pedophilia ( even in the general populace ) , where homosexuals are the biggest group of pedophiles . 
   if they 're doing what you 're saying they 're doing , they 're either utterly evil or utterly stupid . 
  the testing ? 
  i should have been more clear . 
  it examines their social development , behavioral status , social and sexual history , etc. 
  basically it sees if they are fit to be priests . 
  like i said , virtually nonexistent . 
  there will always be a cases here and there , after all this is a church with 1,2 billion + followers . 
  there will always be a judas among the righteous . 
  as the article notes , this is a problem with homosexuals and one with which the church is dealing . 
  the article never provided the age of the priest , but for the past ~ 20 years the church has been doing extensive testing on possible seminarians to determine their mental health ( and thus avoid mental illnesses like homosexuality infiltrating the clergy ) . 
  the scandals were really blown out of proportion . 
  i even held this opinion when i was an atheist . 
  look at the news stories surrounding these scandals , it 's like a witch hunt out for the clergy . 
  there are so many false claims that immediately get published as facts , but when ( usually ) it turns out to be false , there 's no corrections by the media ( and thus the damage is done ) . 
  besides , these scandals have virtually become nonexistent in the past 20 years . 
  he does n't have any fucks left to give . 
  you 're completely right , but people here will still find reasons to be edgy . 
  the church could sell every possession they have and give it to heir charity ( as some people want , but that would ultimately not be beneficial for said charities in the long run ) and people would still find reasons to hate it .
