  russia did attack georgia some years ago . 
  russia did attack ukraine , even though it signed budapest agreement which states that russian federation guarantees ukrainian unity and borders in exchange of nuclear weapons handed over to russia . 
  so , give me a break . 
  governments in ee have very good reasons for their fears . 
  lol seems like it is the charts day . 
  there was a misery index chart on / r/europe and now european satisfaction . 
  anyways it looks like my home country is in the middle of happiness chart , greece being at the bottom . 
  even though greek individuals have more money than the average bulgarian , and lifestyle in greece is much funnier if compared to countries i 've visited , greeks are well aware that their future is ... grumpy . 
  good times for mediterranean states are over . 
  right , the proposed gas hub has one disadvantage . 
  so far nobody knows where will the gas come from . 
  new pipe from russia ? 
  new pipe from turkey streaming azer and georgian gas ? 
  i read the article , viewed the chart and frankly i did not understand the so called misery index . 
  could not comprehend what such index indicates ? 
  every winter the last 10 years is the same . 
  greek farmers do n't have much to do during cold months and find themselves reasons to strike and block borders . 
  this year is pension reform , next year will be something else . 
  i do n't see anything so devastating for the average bulgarian if schengen agreement is going to be modified or suspended . 
  was it devastating for the german citizens when there were visa requirements for travelling to the states ? 
  and , as things go with consolidation of ex-communist countries members of the eu to oppose western and south members , eu will have to change . 
  the other option is to break up . 
  after all it was n't the ee politicians who proclaimed politics of opened borders , and invited refugees to europe . 
  so the current asylum seekers crisis is western creation , but unfortunately , western european countries do n't seem to figure the solution out . 
  i am a bulgarian citizen . 
  and bulgaria is not part of schengen , still i do not need visa to cross borders within the eu . 
  yes there is passport/id card control , but no visa application . 
  the world is full of freaks . 
  it is not that bad - 11 bn euros per year for the next 10 years . 
  refugees will cost more . 
  so if dissolution of schengen area have a positive effect on migration flow , then just do it . 
  very beautiful small towns and villages . 
  but honestly , of all these i would pick up visby and the french small town , that being said only if i have enough spare time and money to plan a trip exclusively for visiting towns mentioned in the article . 
  i read the article , and i understood that nothing is clear . 
  it is a mystery . 
  what cause the blast , equivalent in tnt ? 
  the status of russia as one of the super powers was neglected not by the western specialists but by the western media . 
  and when russian military showed some of its capabilities it was like a shock wave for western societies . 
  in eastern europe however , we never had such misconceptions and delusions . 
  former communist states have been lobbying for installation of advanced american radars and sam systems as well as permanent location of american troops in the region for quite many years . 
  and as we can see , they had their good reasons . 
  the uk leaving , will have minor ( if any ) impact on the balkans . 
  and pardon me but uk is not a match for russia . 
  where did you get the idea about balkan states being scared of russia because of brexit ? 
  war is the ultimate tool for redistribution of markets . 
  and eu is a single ( big ) market . 
  now imagine what would the impact be , when that single piece disintegrates in many smaller pieces . 
  loss of markets is the main reason to start a war . 
  if that happens , it may trigger a war . 
  if the uk leaves , it wo n't be a big disaster . 
  scotland will vote for independence and join the eu . 
  i know they do that even now - rotating ships . 
  but that does not mean nato fleet is permanently stationed in the black sea . 
  check how many ships and up to what displacement can be in the sea at the same time . 
  restrictions are quite stiff . 
  it is impossible for non-black sea navy to be located permanently in the sea . 
  there is a convention about that matter , do not know how to type the name sounds french - montreaux or something . 
  being nude is allowed on nudist beaches . 
  topless sunbathing women , one can see on almost any beach , but we do not consider that as nudism . 
  do not know about pools . 
  and we do not have saunas in southern europe . 
  the project is admirable . 
  i wish them success . 
  no , this is n't what i meant . 
  mr. tsipras was denying help coming from eu agency . 
  frontier agency or something like that , can not remember the name . 
  bulgaria must do everything to loose the grip of gazprom on the country 's affairs regarding energy balance . 
  gazprom 's monopoly of supplying the country with natural gas , is devastating . 
  obviously the madness `` greater country '' is not only in the balkans , but turns out it is pan-european . 
  i have seen maps of greater albania , greater macedonia , greater serbia , greater bulgaria , greater romania and now i saw greater switzerland !, 
  lol . 
  oh my god !, 
  what a contrast . 
  orthodox and catholic church just couple of hundred meters away . 
  soviet style blocks of flats and buildings with architecture of the beginning of the last century . 
  nice !, 
  here is just one example . 
  electric bus using ultra capacitors instead of expensive and heavy batteries . 
  surprisingly , chinese developed the technology and such buses have been used in chinese cities for some years now . 
  it just came to europe thanks to business venture formed by israeli and bulgarian entrepreneurs . 
  first customer being the serbian capital http://www.chariot-electricbus.com/, 
  i believe we have to point at turkey in the first place . 
  turkish authorities so far have closed their eyes about turkish smugglers , using turkish boats on western turkish coast , funneling migrants to greece/external eu border . 
  and as far as i am informed - smuggling is described as crime . 
  greece of course has neglected , to some extend , its obligations in keeping its stuff together . 
  and for months they have vigorously denied international help regarding border control and managing migrant flow . 
  i heard finally greek government had agreed to accept help from the eu , but it might be too late . 
  in my opinion , europe will not be the leading force in a hypothetical fourth industrial revolution . 
  most of technological-cutting-edge companies are not located in europe . 
  and europe consists of many ( mostly small ) national states , each of which can not provide as much funds as us or big far eastern states . 
  and of course people , europeans in general are more spoiled than any other nations . 
  social welfare is widely spread across the continent and makes people less innovative and business minded . 
  loooool , i viewed the pictures . 
  indeed the guy takes horses to sauna and some people with birch leaves slap them , and horse sweats . 
  haha ... pretty amazing and very funny . 
  i do not mind , me being the idiot , to meet these obviously smart guys ( you included ) and stand my ground . 
  mind you in 1997 me and others battled the police in protest in bulgaria . 
  will make them/you pay in cash for every punch and kick they/you get . 
  do not forget i am from eastern europe where things are very different , standing your ground and dying for what you believe in is something we are taught of very young age . 
  we are not spoiled as westerners .
