  they did not protest or revolt against ukraine or new ukrainian government . 
  it was all done by russian armed forces and putin had the only authority to give the order . 
  russia took over crimea . 
  that 's the fact . 
  now if polls showed that crimea residents support the incorporation of their peninsula in russian federation it does not change the fact that their homeland was conquered by russian army . 
  they did not revolt against ukraine in order to join russia . 
  i must admit it was the most weird map of all that thread - europe according to country x. kinda funny . 
  funny how many misconceptions !, 
  mini russia for bulgaria . 
  lol . 
  i bet there are more russian speakers in latvia than bulgaria . 
  never heard of it as a crisis . 
  i heard of yugo refugees . 
  there were even small amounts of kosovar refugees in bulgaria , but nobody referred to the refugee wave of that time period as - crisis . 
  do n't think i like the idea of a hedgehog living in my pants and inviting its relatives . 
  i do like hedgehogs , they look cute , they are not aggressive , not noisy as well , but with all the needles that covered their bodies ... hm it is not convenient to live inside my clothes :p, 
  now mister informed german . 
  i am bulgarian , in fact i claim bulgarians do know a lot more than westerners about the civil wars in ex-yugoslavia . 
  there were ethnic cleansing everywhere . 
  however it was not religious based . 
  yes , croatians did kick out many serbians out of their country once they got strong enough to do it . 
  yes serbians did the same to croats and muslims in bosnia . 
  yes kosovars did assault serbians in kosovo . 
  and so on . 
  you think you know something about the balkans ? 
  no you do n't . 
  in fact , as i worked in several western countries , you 're ignorant about our region . 
  yugoslavia was a secular state , and yugoslavians of any ethnicity were secularists . 
  again i have made quite clear in my comments that we have to distinguish between the `` old muslim migration '' and the contemporary wave . 
  islamic revival started roughly 20 to 15 years ago and change the trend in their societies from going to liberal to turning conservative and embracing islamic religious rules . 
  now what i see as the main concern is the fact that 2nd generation muslims in europe in fact accept that dangerous trend and the current wave may make that matter even worse . 
  never heard of refugee crisis back in 1994 . 
  an did you read the words `` islamic revival '' in one of my comments ? 
  i explained why contemporary muslim wave of migrants is very different than the immigration coming from islamic countries 30 or so years ago . 
  if you are unfamiliar with what `` islamic revival '' means , use google . 
  there will be many problems with the so called refugees . 
  do n't want to generalize , but contemporary muslim migrants are not like the ones that came to europe 30 or so years ago . 
  islamic revival which started around 15 years ago , radically changed the views of modern day muslims . 
  and i am scared that 2nd generation migrants in europe can easily become radicalized of such influences . 
  as i suggested , kick easterners out and stick to the muslims . 
  at least muslims do not drive drunk and kill people . 
  they 've got other reasons to kill . 
  i suggest you stick to the muslims and kick out easterners . 
  and after several years compare . 
  see i lived and worked in several eu countries . 
  never did get attached to any of them , they were well ... just work places . 
  but never created problems or showed disrespect towards their traditions or culture . 
  so why do they have problems now if they know how to manage with muslim migration ? 
  it is one thing muslims coming in small flocks , another thing coming in large quantities . 
  but do not worry , the problems have just begun . 
  and do not forget that 15 or more years ago something called `` islamic revival '' started . 
  if many of the muslims which were migrating to europe 30 years ago wanted secular lifestyle and education for their children , contemporary migrants are not like them . 
  ha ha ha ... romanians think in versions . 
  so there is original and versions of it . 
  i am lost now , can not comprehend your words . 
  huh , in fact i like hedgehogs . 
  they look cute . 
  things change if you put one in your pants . 
  english is not my native language and i used a simple example . 
  inappropriate i guess . 
  i am not familiar what wmds mean ? 
  taking all these refugees in germany and europe in general , is like putting a hedgehog in your pants . 
  problems will only be increasing . 
  if the western part of the continent think they had bad problems with easterners , well , now you will understand what real problems mean . 
  at least countries with large muslim minorities , like my home country , know what sort of problems they might cause and how difficult is to integrate them . 
  can the eu survive populism ? 
  no , either populism will destroy the eu , or the eu will destroy populism . 
  if someone knows other way around , please share it !, 
  many description of many countries connected with women or porn !, 
  french women should think wise and french men should think twice !, 
  austrians are obsessed with thievery ? 
  paranoid even lol !, 
  i lived in some european countries as well . 
  and to tell you the truth , i did not feel and do not feel attached to any of them . 
  they were well ... just work places for me . 
  will not recommend to anyone to be immigrant in europe , just go to europe , work , save up enough so you can start something or buy something in your country and leave . 
  european countries or europe in general is not the place where an immigrant should try building his/hers new life . 
  not that i understood anything of that map . 
  but that is the funny part . 
  i look at it and it is completely incoherent - funny lol !, 
  bulgaria is not poor because of the western part of the continent , it is because of the rampant corruption . 
  it is because bulgarian business is not innovative and creative . 
  it is because bulgarians do not unite . 
  it is because bulgarians do not vote for ideologies and political concepts , but vote for `` messiahs '' . 
  bulgaria - funny language . 
  funny map !, 
  romanians like to compare themselves with bulgaria . 
  obviously as they think they are better , makes them feeling superior lol !, 
  obviously most europeans like to travel !, 
  haha ... i lived on a greek island . 
  the greeks there were crazy about money and crazy about sex . 
  in other words they were dividing people - with money and less money , easy to be pursued to be getting laid and not easy . 
  and yes , greeks do prefer blonds . 
  where is the gate ? 
  amazing how those buildings survived all wars and were preserved . 
  any info about how many times and when they had been renovated ? 
  the fanatic communist is one of the good guys of europe , give me a break !, 
  and his real name is vladimir ilich ulyanov , lenin is just alias . 
  spectacular view !, 
  where is that ?
