  not everything is plastic , the pan , the kettle ( which is not electric one ) and one jar . 
  so i think it is something like hiking cabin for rent . 
  after all , to prepare all that one will need a heat source , no matter electrical or gas . 
  unless you 're not suggesting - camper . 
  yes the one that got up early and prepared what we see on the table was probably hotel staff , or owner of the rooms rented . 
  i can see clearly , such benches and table are not something people put in their gardens or in front of their house . 
  trust me on that subject , i am a carpenter , i know what people order and what they buy for garden furniture . 
  the table and benches are actually suitable for cheap hotel , or hiking cabin for rent . 
  trump-the-clown can appoint anyone he wants for the ambassador to the eu . 
  brussels on the other hand may not accept him/her . 
  trump-the-clown however is making one diplomatic scandal after another , even with long time allies like australia . 
  how would it sound if for example bulgaria sends an ambassador to the netherlands who openly stated that the dutch walls they build to protect their land from the sea , should be mined and blown up ? 
  do you think the dutch government will accept such representative in their country hiding behind diplomatic immunity ? 
  on personal level , trump-the-clown , his administration and his allies can kiss my ass . 
  i have n't changed my daily routine or lifestyle , and will not change it for morons like the orange orangutan who was elected as president of the us of fucking a. 
  ha ha ha , so turks still show their oriental nature during the week ends . 
  what 's the hurry for , we got half of the day and all night upfront . 
  dude , when somebody is used to get up early because he has to work , he wakes up early in the weekends as well . 
  it is just a habit . 
  tomorrow for example i 'll be up before 7 without a clock buzzing , no matter how late i will be today . 
  trump-the-clown does n't need an ambassador in brussels . 
  he has twitter account for international and internal relations . 
  someone must 've been hungry , judging by the plates on the table . 
  and i guess there is tea in the kettle . 
  huh , this is breakfast !, 
  and the shot was not taken at 8 am . 
  at what time you guys in turkey have your morning meals , 10 am ? 
  in the usa , you do n't have any left parties . 
  yours are liberal ( democrats ) and conservative ( republicans ) . 
  do n't know if any other american parties actually make it to the congress or senate . 
  shot must 've been taken in the summer . 
  beautiful picture . 
  the church somehow correspondents with the mountain in the back . 
  even though we are going off topic i will reply . 
  greece is doomed with or without refugees . 
  at the moment the country keeps running artificially thanks to life supporting systems provided by the eu . 
  next year the agreement between troika and greece expires and as far as i know , there will be no other bail-out . 
  so even with huge amount of debts written off , even with government expenditures cut down to sanitary minimum , they will simply still not be able to raise enough in taxes for the routine tasks any country must do . 
  the only people that get regularly paid are actually government and municipal employees . 
  most businesses owe salaries to all their workers . 
  greece was bankrupt long before refugee crisis started . 
  got nothing to do with the events that triggered the mass influx of migrants . 
  i would like to think most of the greeks really stand with the women in the picture and their demands expressed on the posters . 
  but i know i am not right . 
  still it is good that some greek women express their empathy towards refugee children . 
  greece is not a social welfare state . 
  those women are against xenophobia and racism . 
  they also state that the children regardless ethnicity are welcome in greek schools . 
  it is not about refugees in general . 
  hail for the people protesting against corruption . 
  hail for the people willing to change their country . 
  hail for the people showing to the indescribably arrogant politicians that the society has the last word . 
  hopefully invoking a50 will happen soon , and negotiations will not take a century . 
  the sooner the process accomplishes , the better . 
  you are trying to trick me out :p, 
  there is snow on the other chair as well . 
  zoom in and look the part of the second chair where people usually place their feet . 
  nope , in fact nobody who wants to offend you will use the word clown . 
  as the orange orangutan acts like a showman , i call him - clown . 
  in other words i am being sarcastic . 
  mind you i do not live in bulgaria . 
  have left my home country years ago , but i am bulgarian citizen and never applied for any other citizenship . 
  wow , priceless !, 
  wish i could upvote multiply times !, 
  wan na share it . 
  article is too long , so while reading it , one can lose the main thoughts and thread . 
  teresa may has bowed down before trump-the-clown , that what it states . 
  and of course it deals with some hypothetical consequences for britain aligning itself with the orange orangutan . 
  i am not in the position , nor i have the knowledge , to foresee or judge what will be the impact for the uk , on the international stage , if britain gets any closer to current american administration . 
  but i would say the elected as president orange orangutan ai n't diplomat at all , he is intolerant , he 's self-congratulatory , he 's indescribably narcissistic and bowing down to him is a moral crime . 
  wish i was in bulgaria and sofia at the moment to join the protest . 
  romanians deserve support in their struggle to change their country and change the views of their politicians . 
  hail for all the people protesting against corruption and against self-congratulatory , indesrcribable arrogant politicians . 
  lol , he 's more like 160 cm . 
  and i am being sarcastic to both trump and putin by calling them like that . 
  good results . 
  it shows how much trust german people have in putin-the-tall and trump-the-clown . 
  what is remarkable is how one person and the political agenda he 's pushing can radically change the opinions of an entire nation . 
  americans put a hedgehog in their pants with the election of the orange orangutan . 
  on international level they will lose a lot . 
  trump-the-clown can make a political fellatio to putin-the-tall or vice versa while britain watching them with divine feelings . 
  china is a tough opponent for anyone . 
  russia is increasingly aggressive and revisionist . 
  us is sliding in protectionism and isolationism . 
  and britain thinks it 's a large ship that can sail away elsewhere on the globe . 
  one thing however is for sure , the tensions will make some countries to raise their military expenditures including non-european states . 
  other countries will try to take advantage of the situation and chisel out patches after the chaos and vacuum trump-the-clown and trumplandia will cause . 
  is it for 4g lte , or for 3g hsdpa ? 
  sorry but as i do n't live in bg i do not know the prices and what sort of packets they offer . 
  i use prepaid services when on holidays in bulgaria . 
  dude , like most of the westerners you are pretty ignorant for russia . 
  now listen to somebody who speaks russian , whose first grades were in russian school , who knows them better than probably 99.9 % of the britons . 
  even after the fall of communism with all the chaos and unrest , russia was a strong state . 
  it is a world power and it will continue to be in the foreseeable future . 
  you will not scare russians with difficult life , because that is the only life they 've ever known . 
  yes , russians can live with very little and they feel comfortable with that fact . 
  patriotism is rising and as they believe russia was humiliated by the west , they turn into a revisionist society . 
  the former soviet union hymn was installed as new russian hymn some years ago . 
  all aggressive actions russia took in recent years against their neighbors , in syria and by russian airforce provoking nato battle ships have been met with increasing approval by russian society . 
  do not close your eyes , russia is powerful , it is a threat and economical difficulties will not stop that trend as it never did stop it before .
