  the far-right and commies are the biggest scumbags i 've ever met in my life . 
  they are lazy , unsuccessful , miserable and ready to blame anyone else for their own problems . 
  blaming the different is the most easy thing to justify your own incompetence . 
  first read the article and then start commenting . 
  and tell me where can i find some of these sub-humans . 
  to see if they are so brave when a well trained man stands his ground . 
  i am outraged . 
  targeting minors . 
  swedish neo-nazi group has stated they have cleaned the area off middle-eastern/noth-african criminals and thieves . 
  these miserable swedish individuals claim they have some sort of holly reason to beat up underaged people ? 
  ha , this summer i 'll be in greece and bulgaria , and i would love some of these `` holly '' swedish ( sarcastic ) crusaders to come across my path and try to target me . 
  if any of these sub-human beings is reading , please tell me , where should i go to have the owner to be met by you ... hahaha . 
  lol , fishing hut and sauna on ski over a frozen lake . 
  then people caught some fishes - i did recognize northern pike and trout . 
  and i saw a dog inside the sauna in one of the pictures , 
  dude , first of all , no eu member has a border with the war zone named syria , and according to international law , countries bordering war conflicts have the obligation to accept refugees . 
  second , many of these so cold `` refugees '' that actually crossed turkish-greek or turkish-bulgarian border are actually non-syrian asylum seekers as it became clear , and many of them will be deported back . 
  third , turkey claims to be regional power , very proud if the new status , so how come the so called `` regional power '' can not get its shit together and tries to blackmail the eu . 
  fourth why on earth , turkey was so active against iraqi kurdistan even sending land forces on several occasions some years ago , but was silently watching what was happening in syria ? 
  fifth , as your own propaganda describes you as `` regional power '' , do not fall into that trap , connections with russia are pretty bad and now you are on the verge to do the same with the eu . 
  sixth , instead of funneling migrants to europe , with the silent approve of your authorities , start hunting down all these illegal smugglers leaving turkish coastline with turkish boats towards eu external borders , last time i checked - smuggling is described as crime !, 
  the shot was taken during the summer i guess . 
  do you have floating saunas during the winter , as i think lakes got covered in ice ? 
  do you have ice swimming , when after a session in sauna you jump in ice cold water ? 
  i would n't say the end . 
  but it might be temporary suspended . 
  the current migrant crisis seems to be quite a challenge for the administrations across the continent . 
  of course . 
  governments have been delaying acquisition of new jet fighters for years . 
  with the new political situation in the region , buying new planes is necessary . 
  which one will it be ? 
  i put my moneys on gripen . 
  lol ... swedes seem to be pedants . 
  calculating interest rates , inflation etc. 
  just write that debt off . 
  north korea under communistic dictatorship will never pay its debts back . 
  hmm ... it seems like greece still tickles european politicians ans politics . 
  well there was an easy decision - no third bailout and let them go . 
  everybody knows that greece as a country is not capable of paying their loans back . 
  so it will either going to officially default on their external debt , or lenders will have to cut out a significant portion of the money lent to the greek state . 
  if one of the scenarios going to happen , next question is - who will so kind to give them loans again ? 
  possible answer - no one . 
  so they will have to establish a lender of last resort . 
  in other words leaving eurozone , introducing their own currency and independent greek central bank functioning as lender of last resort . 
  system of currency board will not work for greece . 
  being a member of the euro is a sort of currency board as country members of emu do not have completely independent financial policies - european central bank kinda oversees national central banks . 
  at some point central bank of russia stopped the trading . 
  it took the license of a commercial russian bank . 
  good times for russian ruble are over . 
  haha in the morning it was just -9 c in varna , bulgaria lol !, 
  great , bulgaria takes the territory of czech republic . 
  finally away from the balkans even though some states of the region also moved to central europe lol . 
  it is because of the greek pride . 
  they are very proud of their history , cultural heritage , language , alexander the great and so on . 
  in bulgaria the word macedonia is used for the independent state . 
  greeks use the word skopje for fyrom and macedonia for the region around thessaloniki . 
  if two million refugees can distort european project , then eu is a fragile project of the european elite . 
  as for the people they still stick to their respective nations . 
  and where did the european politicians get the idea of inviting tons of people with completely different culture to europe ? 
  haha ... swedes are famous for being introvert and not very social . 
  very nationalistic as well . 
  back in time , when i was working in the service , spoke with foreigners residing in sweden . 
  they told me that they could not penetrate in the swedish society . 
  swedes however act friendly and open minded while being on holidays . 
  haha ... data for the balkan states is not credible . 
  i lived for 8 years in greece/greek islands and 50 % english speakers is exaggeration . 
  i guess greeks themselves thinking they speak english , but reality showed me something different then their claim . 
  dude i am afraid you live in a parallel universe . 
  if the uk decides to lower its corporate tax - nobody can do a thing . 
  but on the other hand eu can enforce countermeasures if britain turns in sort of tax heaven . 
  access to european markets is crucial for the uk companies . 
  so strange , as brits set foot on every continent , and one can find british expats in almost any country around the globe . 
  where did all that xenophobic attitude come from ? 
  it is not your personal fault . 
  however radicalized islamist do not think your way , they are so brain washed that it is difficult to a secular person to put himself/herself in their shoes . 
  according to them western military forces invaded their countries to steal their wealth and western armed forces are powerful because citizens by paying taxes provide them with enough money to buy advanced weapons and recruit skilled staff . 
  hence - it is your fault cause you paid your taxes and governments use the money to attack islamic countries . 
  yesterday there was a similar article in r/europe . 
  why is it repeated ? 
  lol ... ask the young swedes while being abroad . 
  they really get crazy about drinking and sex . 
  i suggest swedish authorities to make a survey about how often swedes have sex while being on holiday . 
  the first week after the vote , there were articles in the newspapers about brexit and the possible impact for bulgaria and bulgarian migrants to the uk . 
  after that - nothing lol . 
  getting tired of all that crap . 
  brexit , renainers , brexiteers , control over migration , keeping the markets , kicking out migrants from the uk , scotland leaving the union . 
  majority voted - leave . 
  so be it . 
  on the contrary of what the brits think , in my part of europe nobody pays attention to all that exit thing . 
  pommies should not bother the rest of us with their own political issues . 
  as a person born and raised under communistic dictatorship , and saw the entire collapse of the system . 
  all that far-right , far-left thing sounds weird to me . 
  communistic ideology was far-left , while ruling was more close to far-right - a small elite gaining all the benefits a country can offer , while the rest were living off from peanuts . 
  now i see the same strange combination in good old western europe . 
  far-right parties calling for better social welfare , hence they have the right wing rhetoric while their agenda is socialistic . 
  let the uk leave the eu as soon as possible . 
  they always wanted to be the special kid on the block . 
  always wanted exceptions from the rules . 
  always complaining about how undemocratic the union is . 
  and even though brits set foot on every continent and one will find brits living all over the globe , they are xenophobic .
