  no wonder that european governments in any country started to cut down in social services and benefits . 
  if state benefits are paid by countries themselves , then why countries are so in debt ? 
  i have been to the states , spent 3 years in oregon . 
  i would rather go for the american model than to european one . 
  yes as far as i know at the moment bulgaria receives more money from the eu then it gives . 
  same is available for many countries , including greece , which has never gave more than it received . 
  other countries contribute more than they get . 
  where exactly did you read me saying - poor ? 
  skim thru my posts , if you find anywhere the word poor get back to me . 
  no i do not jealous . 
  i stated facts . 
  and yes i do think many europeans are prejudiced , spoiled and relying way to much on state services and benefits rather than relying on themselves . 
  did i write `` when other countries start invading britain '' ? 
  think you misread . 
  i know what is to work in the service . 
  i myself worked in the service when i was young and i did not like it . 
  about 2 jobs - done that as well . 
  and i have been thru such severe crisis you can not even imagine - people were struggling to put enough food on the table even though they worked . 
  you people from the west and south part of the continent sound very spoiled . 
  complaining a lot . 
  statements like - no we 're not paying our debts off . 
  there is an easy way for that , it is called bankruptcy for private entities or default for countries . 
  do you have the balls to allow your bank system to collapse because of the wrong decisions in case of spain , or do greeks have the balls to let their country default on its debts ? 
  well , we 've done both . 
  defaulting and letting our banks to go bankrupt . 
  imagine now thru what crisis country has been , still i was not hearing that many complains and people did not stop to work . 
  one of my monthly salaries at that time was - 5 dollars thanks to the hyper inflation . 
  but i did not stop working or quit my job . 
  hmm ... think chinese lands at that time were split between various kingdoms and warlords rather than being one entity . 
  for sure chinese achieved a lot not only on battlefields but in science , engineering and construction . 
  as far as i remember the empire have been split around 300 ac . 
  after that the western part faced countless barbarian invasions . 
  no you do n't need to take more money , that will only increase your debt burden and prevent the necessary reforms you must do . 
  you need to start collecting taxes properly , to invest in education even if you do n't have the money to pay government service . 
  you need mechanisms to encourage people to acquire skills in occupation connected with tech stuff , rather than becoming waiters or kiosk owners . 
  on the island called karpathos my job was managing cnc machines . 
  imagine , the owner of the workshop could not find anyone of the island to work with such machines . 
  he took even one kid - school drop out , and wanted to teach him to work with machines and all skills needed . 
  the kid after few months quit and went in the service as best boy . 
  that sort of mentality must change for good . 
  where on earth have you seen people celebrating the end of the working season ? 
  it means either they do n't like to work , or they do n't like what they work . 
  if it is the second case , nobody stops anybody to change occupation or to invest in his/her knowledge . 
  that map is incorrect . 
  you never conquered ethiopia neither the whole saudi . 
  oman was never part of your empire . 
  when and how ottoman empire conquered sudan or chad ? 
  provide a source for the map . 
  italians dreaming of the roman empire ? 
  of course for its time roman empire was the most advanced in any terms state . 
  that is why it became so powerful and expanded from a city state to a glorious empire . 
  but those time finished 1700 years ago :p, 
  britain invaded the whole world during the last centuries . 
  on the other hand britain complains a lot when other countries start invading . 
  thinking invasions are reserved for the brits :p, 
  sure ... just when they go to the states they work like dogs . 
  cause on karpathos they 'll get unemployment , tax refund , relatives from the states will send them bucks and - that 's it . 
  and if greece is managing that well its citizens after 5 months working can make enough for all year around , why do you ask for money from foreign lenders ? 
  do n't you think it is better to start collecting taxes in efficient way . 
  in the free market high income is also high taxed . 
  5 months working - enough money for all year - high income - high taxes - less money government has to borrow . 
  huh ... your assumption `` 70y old '' shows your prejudice , unfortunately most westerners are very prejudiced . 
  i will call people lazy if they work 5 months and complain how exhausting it is , and how nice it 'll be to stop working at the end of the season . 
  and i do not take words from members of nations that have been financially rescued from the eu and are indebted as hell . 
  cause spanish banks were saved with 300 bn from the eu , greece was saved with imf and eu money . 
  throw big amount of money over bulgaria or serbia and they will achieve high gdp per capita without being innovative , creative and hard working . 
  so piss off . 
  i told you where most of the money to karpathos come from . 
  do not know about greece in general . 
  if you check , you 'll find out there are more karpathians in new jersey than in karpathos alone . 
  as i lived on the island i can tell you - no ferry , no food . 
  the island is not producing sufficiently enough food for the population . 
  in the winter when there was bad weather and boats could not come - no veggies , no milk , shelves in the supermarkets were empty . 
  now i believe you 'll realize that without the money being send from the states and the investment of american karpathins their gdp would have been lower . 
  in fact most money are coming from the states . 
  many have migrated to the states . 
  they send money to their island . 
  i 've met quite many greek-americans on the island . 
  there are doctors and dentists that studied and work in the sates . 
  people with their own restaurants and cafeterias in new jersey etc. 
  they heavily invest in their island that 's why it has high gdp per capita . 
  i heard that is the case of many small greek islands . 
  i have written as a reply to another comment what i saw as working habits on karpathos . 
  scroll down and read . 
  efficiency/productivity is a complex thing . 
  it is not only how many hours i did work . 
  it is a question of organization , optimization , skilled workforce and work ethics . 
  if i for example work in a factory that makes furniture and take a piece of wood and move it 10 meters . 
  then in a while i go back take the same piece and put it back where it was , am i efficient ? 
  technically i have n't stopped for a second , but in reality i did not contribute anything to working process . 
  i have made quite clear that my impressions come from the island of karpathos . 
  rest of the places i 've visited in greece was as a sightseeing tourist . 
  for most of them winter is - hanging out in cafeterias and talking a lot . 
  no farms on the island called karpathos . 
  i saw some olive trees , but not many . 
  they worked 5 months . 
  some did work 12 hours a day , others not . 
  the waiters/waitresses start as 6 pm and finish after the last client 's gone . 
  there were people working 2 jobs , one in the morning , one in the evening . 
  did not see any of them celebrating - they were working hard .
