  oh the little mr. britain-the-great-world-leading-trade-power-bla-bla-bla is talking . 
  good deals mean nothing , what 's next ? 
  laws mean nothing , what 's next ? 
  rules mean nothing , what 's next ? 
  how about ... your life means nothing ? 
  you go that way , the consequences for you may not be very pleasant . 
  so , abiding trade deals is nothing ? 
  let me make a suggestion . 
  your newly elected president trump-the-clown can change the name of your country to trumplandia or utrumpia or ... if you prefer trumptopia . 
  woo hoo , trump-the-clown sworn as president to trumplandia or utrumpia , or ... trumptopia , whatever . 
  such a great news !, 
  i am hoping he 'll serve very short time and resign quickly so the country can get back its name - usa !, 
  to overlord over ... air . 
  thanks , what on earth abbreviation s. de bourbon or v. de bourbon mean ? 
  yes i know that , but as you can see it did not solve the problem . 
  greece needs a further reduction of its external debt to a sustainable level . 
  do you seriously believe that greece can pay 177 % of gdp debt in 20 years time ? 
  ai n't gon na happen . 
  unfortunately everything is in french , a language i am not familiar with !, 
  do you think central banks or imf did not know about the currency swaps greek government together with goldmansachs were doing ? 
  do n't be naive , they were closing their eyes . 
  why do we bother on r/europe with trump-the-clown ? 
  his country , usa soon will change its name . 
  there are two prepositions , trumplandia and utrumpia . 
  i bet my money on the first one . 
  huh ... celts did not know about coal . 
  in fact if my memory does n't lie me , europeans got the knowledge of coal from chinese . 
  sure , anything a person can think of , will find out that britain has the best , cause brits are the smartest , the biggest and best in everything . 
  unfortunately britons lost the knowledge . 
  dude , catana is very well folded piece of steel which even though is hardened still keeps flexibility . 
  and it takes 30 years of hard work and learning before someone can actually start forging catanas . 
  when it is question of loans responsibility is shared by both lender and borrower . 
  where were lenders looking while throwing money at greece ? 
  the corporate tax in bulgaria has been 10 % flat for years . 
  this is not what attracts innovative and creative businesses . 
  plus lower taxes mean less money for education and healthcare which is not good for overall competitiveness . 
  it 's been cloudy in varna , bulgaria for many days :(, 
  without substantial portion of greek debt written off , greece is doomed . 
  greeks can not bear the burden of such huge amount of loans . 
  if i was a troll , i would n't be using my real name . 
  it is not cultural border , russians live on both sides of ural , and they share the same culture . 
  again , there is no continent europe . 
  it is eurasia , that is the real name , and it is not super continent as you suggested . 
  the super continent might be africa-eurasia . 
  from your perspective - yes . 
  but you live on a barren island in the middle of the north atlantic with the nearest neighbor miles away . 
  it becomes different story when you have large and powerful neighbors like russia , or even turkey . 
  nope . 
  scientifically europe is not a continent . 
  the continent is eurasia . 
  and do you remember from history how many invasions there were from asia to europe ? 
  so ural is just imaginary border . 
  i do not live in english speaking country so i do not need to improve it . 
  used to speak better english years ago , not anymore :p, 
  that has been posted like a week ago . 
  ca n't you come up with something else ? 
  i am being sarcastic !, 
  well there is still a possibility wilders to get more votes than any of the other political parties . 
  even though it does n't mean he 'll have majority in the parliament . 
  where have you read claims about bulgaria being great in the past so it can become great again ? 
  we 're being sarcastic . 
  making fun of trump-the-clown . 
  haha ... so far i have n't heard a bulgarian to claim nina dobrev as ours . 
  plus i answered a question , and posted some info about her background . 
  i believe for the rest of the world she 's canadian . 
  why would i trigger them ? 
  her family migrated to canada when she was 2-year-old-girl . 
  even though she 's fluent in bulgarian her mindset as well as her citizenship is canadian . 
  haha the usa is a great country , however after trump-the-clown won the elections it changed its name to trumplandia and i believe by the end of his ruling it 'll be far away of great :p, 
  which country is gon na be great again ? 
  hollywood actress who was born in bulgaria but raised in canada . 
  she 's more canadian than bulgarian . 
  how come trump-the-clown is the most googled person throughout europe ? 
  thought people on the continent have better taste !, 
  tissotti is not answering me . 
  and i know about the winter war . 
  do not underestimate the circumstances . 
  at that time 60 % of the commanding staff of the red army was wiped out by the stalin 's purge . 
  second , stalin did not put all of his forces in the winter war . 
  yes the way finns defended their country deserves applause . 
  the unusually cold winter helped the finns as well . 
  my question was not addressed to you . 
  i do n't drink with brits as they tend to get pissed drunk . 
  simply because you encounter me only in brething articles . 
  look at my comments . 
  today i posted my opinion on three articles . 
  only one of them is about brething . 
  this is the answer i got after typing moose . 
  did not even know the bulgarian name of the animal . 
  it 's called a ` moose ' in north-american english , but it 's mostly known as ` elk ' in european english . 
  google translate shows me it 's call ' \u043b\u043e\u0441\u044a\u0442 ' in bulgarian . 
  / u/thissit was joking . 
  elephants do n't live in sweden . 
  they prefer to summer in norway . 
  have you ever read me complaining about your or anybody else 's stereotypes or prejudices ? 
  someone posted a picture of moose the other day on this sub . 
  and i called it - moose . 
  turned out the english name is - elk . 
  did not that few days ago . 
  for sure .
