dude in western world greek yogurt is more popular than bulgarian one . 
  however there is a difference between the two . 
  bulgarian one is more sour as it contains more live bacteria , in fact according to bulgarian state standard a product to be called yogurt must contain enough amount of live bacteria . 
  greek one on the other hand has milder taste , it is strained and has longer expiry , the amount of live bacteria , if any , is very low . 
  in asia , russia and some other countries bulgarian yogurt is popular , in fact i think if you show them greek one they will be surprised that there is another country famous for that product . 
  lol , i really enjoyed that . 
  bulgaria - against russia . 
  the other thing on the map is in how many countries the name russia is present . 
  people of belarus are still very connected with their eastern neighbor and determine countries according to their affiliation/relations with russia . 
  well ... stupid article in politico . 
  i bet the language issue will be the least problem if brexit happens . 
  let uk leave the eu . 
  they 're always complaining and always want to be treated exceptionally . 
  if after all brits think they are better on their own - be it . 
  the greek debt crisis will end up when eurozone cut greece loose , not before that . 
  the other option is - endless bailouts and debt write-offs . 
  if greece leaves the currency union and introduces drachmas , it will become way too expensive to buy foreign goods , which in turn will boost domestic production . 
  that is the way . 
  in the foreseeable future the hellenic state can not suddenly start producing high added value goods and services simply because it lacks infrastructure , educated and skilled workforce . 
  as euro is a strong currency , you must have strong economy , hence - drachmas are better for you . 
  dude , i have a lot of experience with greeks , even speak , but not write , greek language . 
  modern day greeks live for the now , not for the future . 
  they are opportunistic and often change their minds . 
  i think it is because good times in contemporary greek state are over and people are scared of what follows . 
  greeks are well aware that future is not bright . 
  i read all data and can not understand what is this all about . 
  explaining the difference between the eu societies ? 
  some sort of ranking ? 
  after all everybody knows that different countries have different cultures . 
  i am not optimistic about greece . 
  they are the most self-pity and self-righteousness individuals i 've ever met . 
  one percent increase will make life not affordable . 
  dude ... you need to move to eastern europe or asia and work as much as they do for peanuts in order to see what `` unaffordable '' means . 
  russian grammar is awful . 
  you 've kept the tenses and combined them with verb tenses , and there can be a sentence without a verb . 
  the word you typed sounds like `` ipologistis '', 
  europe as we know it can not continue existing for many years . 
  it will either disintegrate or go for sort of federalization . 
  at the moment european institutions are inefficient , not elected by people , very wide gap between brussels and common europeans and lose a lot of time for abstract theories and things . 
  if you talk about numbers , then short scale trillion stands for the word \u0431\u0438\u043b\u0438\u043e\u043d in bulgarian language as we use long scale . 
  if you talk only about the word `` trillion '' without its mathematician context then yes we have a word \u0442\u0440\u0438\u043b\u0438\u043e\u043d . 
  you will not hear that in bulgaria , but outside bulgaria in western or northern europe , and as i point out it is prejudices and ignorance . 
  yeah ... lol means funny . 
  ok i 'll try to explain in a few words . 
  western europeans do not consider the balkans as part of europe , but as part of the orient . 
  i am bulgarian myself but i do not live in my home country . 
  very often people in europe mix up bulgaria and hungary , or they mistakenly point at bucharest as being the capital of bulgaria . 
  all above of course is prejudices and ignorance to some extend . 
  hahaha ... dude , rest of europe do not consider bulgaria as european nation . 
  and as you can see , almost no comments from our part of the word named balkans lol . 
  yeah , right . 
  eurozone is waiting for us . 
  dude ... i guess it 'll take ten years before bulgaria adopts euro . 
  i must admit i have never visited vratsa . 
  will have to do that some day . 
  ok , nice lecture about ancient greek history . 
  and it points at solving contemporary problems with ancient methods . 
  looking at different point of view - people and civilization did not change much during the last 3000 years . 
  lol ... it was fun watching the video . 
  and it portrayed what we think of each other with humor . 
  but it got close to reality , did n't it ? 
  well i am getting fed up a lot with all these articles of brexit . 
  if people vote `` yes , we leave '' - so be it . 
  do n't see anything devastating for eu and uk . 
  if after leaving the eu , britain experiences any economical/financial difficulties - it will be their own problem and they will be free to deal with it in ways they think are more efficient . 
  yeah , right . 
  significant portion of the greek debt was written off some years ago . 
  now greece is lobbying for another debt relief and after that will ask for more money and after that for another debt relief and so on . 
  let them default and cut them loose of the eurozone , after that they 'll be free to print as much drachmas as they want and their average income would be in millions drachmas with almost zero purchasing power parity . 
  lol ... old gods sounds funny . 
  i did not see any cabins or huts on the lake 's shores . 
  and how come people do n't drill holes on the ice and try fishing . 
  i do n't see anything devastating if the uk leaves eu . 
  if people vote `` yes we leave '' so be it . 
  if after that uk experiences any economical/financial downfall or crunch , will be their problem . 
  how can isis be defeated without operation of ground forces is beyond me . 
  and when isis was created some years ago , western countries neglected that fact . 
  now it spread itself like an octopus throughout iraq , syria and libya . 
  the ones who think iraqi or any other arab ground forces can manage with isis , my answer is - if they could , they would . 
  where was the picture taken ? 
  was it at a refugee camp or at some border ? 
  i personally think that the current asylum seekers crisis is over exposed . 
  eu has about 500 million individuals , and 2 million refugees can not cause as many problems as media is trying to suggest . 
  yes some of the migrants are violent , some can not cope with european-christian life style . 
  there are other problems as well , but main problem is - nationalistic european mindset . 
  why on earth muslims do not have as many problems in the states and canada as they have in europe , specially the west part of it ? 
  and to my opponents i wan na point out - in my home country there is a significant muslim minority left over the time when we were part of the ottoman empire . 
  we 've almost never had problems with them . 
  hmm ... interesting . 
  some countries over contributed , others did almost nothing . 
  when will the madness in syria stop ? 
  when will isil be defeated ? 
  great , so if russians residing in bulgaria ask help from putin , he 'll start bombing and raiding . 
  the russian attacks of georgian territory without declaring a state of war or without a request of legit georgian authorities were just as unlawful as attack on ukraine . 
  really ... south osetia as well as abkhazia were within georgia , ai n't that correct ? 
  westerners may not know much about the conflict in abkhazia , but in the balkans we do . 
  and is n't there a russian military base in abkhazia these days ? 
  or you wan na say that someone invited russian troops on georgian soil ? 
  that could be done only by the legitimate georgian government . 
  and as far as i know , georgian authorities did not request russian troops on their soil .
