  i got very basic kodak travel camera with super zoom and as far as i am aware , it does not have hdr option , not even long exposure . 
  pictures of flowers i 've been posting on this sub , were actually all taken with my crappy camera . 
  trying to get people in flower imaging and start new thread called - flowers of europe !, 
  long exposure pictures make waterfall to look outstandingly beautiful , 
  hdr stands for high dynamic range . 
  it is not color enhancement . 
  even though i am not a pro and do n't have dslr camera , i would like to ask how did you recognize hdr in the picture ? 
  what was the clue ? 
  incredibly beautiful !, 
  never could imagine there so many unspoiled spots in europe . 
  appreciated !, 
  woah ... huge warehouse for flowers in pots . 
  very interesting indoor view . 
  first time i see such thing . 
  appreciated . 
  upvoted . 
  greece had and probably still has bloated public sector . 
  government and municipality servants were over a million , which is a lot for a country with population of 10 millions . 
  so even after fire out a good proportion of them , they still have enough people to offer decent services . 
  i do not think the problem was cutting in public services , i think the problem is efficiency . 
  if you are asking about vaporizer , mine is innokin itaste vtr . 
  pretty heavy as it is stainless steel , and because of the weight , it is not convenient to carry it in your pockets . 
  liquids , i tried eleaf , hexocell and a french one forgot the name . 
  people are different you know . 
  i find small place/rural area better . 
  i can go out anytime for jogging/running . 
  can install fitness equipment at home simply cause i can afford bigger place . 
  can go trekking . 
  have time for yoga and most important - less stress . 
  obviously your idea for having great time is completely different than mine , nothing wrong with it . 
  huh ... so after throwing all that money , after years of `` reforms '' and austerity measures greece in fact is more dysfunctional than it used to be . 
  now is there anyone on this sub to explain me , how is that possible ? 
  europe may turn into a landmass of countless duchies , fiefdoms and small kingdoms , with occasional republics here and there plus the glorious empire of putinland . 
  novo mesto in bulgarian means - new place !!, 
  i did not mean finding a job in london or any other economic center . 
  what i meant is buying a house in rural area i find a job in the same area . 
  true that money wo n't be as good as the salaries in economic centers , but cost of living will also be lower . 
  plus do n't forget less stress when you live in a small place . 
  after all i was born and raised in a city , lived most of my life in cities and moved to a small place . 
  thanks for pointing out my spelling mistake . 
  fixed it . 
  do you think such insane prices are actually good for the local people ? 
  not everyone can become investment banker , accountant or financial consultant . 
  there are folks with blue collar occupations as well . 
  yes it is . 
  lots of italian machines are produced and exported worldwide . 
  italians are not spoiled and do n't mind working in factories or agriculture . 
  english and frenchies are ashamed of blue-collar occupations . 
  it explains a lot , like the fact that italian industrial base is bigger than yours cause italians simply do n't mind working in production , while the english want desk job . 
  like you guys are ashamed to work in factories and agriculture . 
  i am not surprised at all , cause while interacting with different nationalities in real life , i noticed that italians are among the less spoiled westerners . 
  brits and frenchies are spoiled kids if compared to you guys . 
  and because of higher salary i have to squeeze myself in such small cube that will feel like suffocation . 
  forget it , i am not a paper rat working on a desk , my occupation is in the production . 
  got education in automation as well as in carpentry . 
  not scared to work even as construction worker . 
  i left city life and my homecountry and move to small , rural place abroad and never felt sorry for my choice even though i speak 4 languages and use 3 alphabets which gives me very good opportunities to find some sort of desk job . 
  i prefer to create something by using my skills and brain . 
  i have n't come to karpathos because of that particular celebration . 
  i am here to walk in the nature , hiking and fishing . 
  in other words to relax . 
  as it is not summer season , there are very few cafeterias and restaurants/pizza places opened and the place is very calm - really appreciate that . 
  will go out in a while , it is windy today though . 
  dude , i would n't be waiting for retirement to move if i have to squeeze myself in such a small place that costs arm and leg . 
  i simply could not survive . 
  better off buy something in rural area , find a job there and have less complicated and calm life than living in london metropolitan area with insane prices and real estate taxes . 
  cause it is not only buying and refurbishing , one must think of estate taxation as well . 
  that 's insane !, 
  i would rather buy a country house and find a job in the area , instead of throwing all that money for a piece of old bricks , that needs renovation and has to be refurbished . 
  better living in a village than to be squeezed in that small space article describes !, 
  according to un classification , poland is eastern europe :p, 
  though it is a good excuse to stuff your mouth with huge amounts of well prepared and delicious meat , that can be a disaster for girls that do everything to stay slim and slender !, 
  lol !, 
  though it is impressive indeed , it is not a surprise at all . 
  a lot of multinational high-tech and software companies have bases in republic of ireland , due to low taxation , flexible labor legislation and lack of language barrier . 
  that combination gives a very huge boost for the irish export , and as it is a small nation , their import should not be big . 
  bravo poland !, 
  i hope everything will be just fine , and the company will manage to establish production facilities . 
  i really feel good when i read such news as it is a proof , that the high-tech stuff and cutting-edge technologies are not reserved just for western countries and japan . 
  hopefully other eastern european states will follow polish example !, 
  respect !, 
  i am currently on the greek island of karpathos . 
  was wondering why i see charcoal barbecues in the streets of the village . 
  now i know - it is some sort of tradition of eating a lot of fat meat !, 
  i am surprised that italy and the netherlands have almost equal trade surpluses , while the population of the netherlands is like three times smaller !, 
  hmm ... have n't heard of plastic cigarettes , maybe i should ask in the pharmacy . 
  thanks for telling me about that option . 
  appreciated !, 
  i do run/jog and have basic fitness equipment at home , as well as doing some yoga exercises . 
  yes , working out do help you to reduce smoking but you do n't quit it . 
  in my case i made a plan which i am following until this very day . 
  at the moment i use liquid with 0.6 % nicotine content . 
  and within a month got ta start using liquids with 0.3 % nicotine , at the end - 0 % . 
  i do have swedish snus in portions , brand is kronan . 
  i hardly-ever use it though , only if i have to stay many hours in place where vaping is not allowed . 
  dude , nukes are the last resort . 
  why would i start a war and try conquer new land if i turn in into nuclear wasteland ? 
  there is no point . 
  so on the contrary , conventional weapons are very important even these days . 
  india and pakistan , both have nukes , but in the conflicts between them everything was decided in battlefields with conventional gear .
