  plus can you tell exposure , camera and filters you used for the shot ? 
  is this in northern norway ? 
  the ez debt crisis got nothing to do with the uk , and article is not about that problem . 
  where is that ? 
  beautiful !, 
  woaaa , great shot !, 
  what camera and lenses did you use ? 
  i see hdr was not on , 
  huh , i am learning swedish via apps and online courses at the moment . 
  is that disturbing to you !, 
  i am afraid when we talk about education , balkans ( not only greece ) sucks big time . 
  in my post i said bulgaria and greece . 
  have been to your country many times , and could never understand what all these people hanging in cafeterias do for living . 
  bureaucracy and corruption can be fought with transparency , more state services to be available online , the so called e-government , less contact between government authorities and businesses and of course proper legislation . 
  you do n't need traffic police on every corner with a radar to catch drivers off speed limits , that can be done by using proper technology . 
  bureaucracy , judiciary and fight against corruption !, 
  bulgaria also has these problems , obviously not as much as you guys . 
  second thing innovations and transparency . 
  greece is just one place full of taverns , hotels , government and municipality employees and poorly educated people struggling to cope with the reality of globalized world . 
  education must be big priority as well for both greece and bulgaria . 
  the minute of silence was not mandatory , that being said it would have been nice for the saudis to show some respect towards the victims of the islamic terror group . 
  after all saudi is proud to be the birthplace of islam . 
  i wonder if european football team playing with middle eastern one in their country acts like the saudis when asked for a minute to honor victims , what would arab media and society do ? 
  lol , germans are foreigners in mallorca , so basically they shout foreigners ( including germans ) out . 
  what a stupidity !, 
  if you think that a country with weak economy can have a strong currency , you 'd better throw your diploma and smack your teachers . 
  we produce low added value goods and services , just as greece did before they joined the euro . 
  and obviously we will go greek way if we join at this moment . 
  and yes the minute we join the single currency , purchasing power will drop , as it did in the rest of the countries . 
  without producing high added value goods , that means the other way to increase purchasing power is to take - debts . 
  we simply do not have your industrial base , we are more like greece . 
  in other words we produce goods and services with low added value . 
  so country x has 10000 $ gdp per capita as nominal and 25000 $ as ppp . 
  country y has 5000 $ gdp/capita as nominal and 20000 $ as ppp . 
  very well , now both countries joined ez . 
  who will be better off ? 
  who do you think is stronger . 
  if we join the euro at this moment , it will become very clear how poor we are , and how much we have to be working to reach the level of ... slovakia . 
  and yes , i think if we still want to keep the currency board , then better off becoming a member of the ez , if in foreseeable future there is no any plans to make efforts introducing euro as our official money , we better off get rid of the peg . 
  there is no currency board survived as long as ours , at some point the system becomes rather obstructive than making economy more competitive . 
  what you quote as gdp per capita is for ppp . 
  look at the nominal numbers , to get the real picture . 
  i do not claim service sector is disadvantage . 
  yet again depends on what services do you offer , tourists service and call centers are with low added value . 
  in general there is a correlation between the income and prices and productivity , but it is not the major reason if we talk about payment of labor . 
  for example shoe production happens in highly automated lines with people doing some low skilled jobs . 
  productivity is high , the payment is not , cause the product is with low added value of labor . 
  in other words , low skilled and low trained workers can do operations . 
  or to give you another example , production of mechanical watches with satisfying quality . 
  slow process , with low productivity , the pay is good , cause the workers need good skillset and a lot of training to get a position . 
  hence , product has high added value of labor . 
  but the bulgarian economy is not like the estonian one . 
  compare the numbers of eesti at the time they joined the emu with the current numbers for bg . 
  i would say , we are more like greece or portugal , countries with small industrial basis and weak administrations , which pushed their debts to unsustainable levels cause their borrowing costs significantly dropped as soon as they became ez members . 
  however as we see , such development is not successful in long term , both greece and portugal will have their lost generation just as we did in eastern europe after the fall of the communism . 
  have n't you heard , in trade distances matter . 
  the bigger the distance , the bigger the transportation costs . 
  second thing , if we join the euro with virtually no industry left , just as greece did , it is more likely to take the greek path . 
  slovakia/slovenia and baltics indeed joined the emu but it is also true their economies were stronger 2 or 3 fold if compared to bulgarian one at the time they became ez members . 
  there is no hell and there is no heaven . 
  he killed himself and others around him because of brainwashing . 
  productivity means how much labor goes per unit of production/service . 
  less labor per unit - high productivity , a lot of labor per unit - low productivity . 
  the map actually tells us that people in some countries work more hours than others because they are less productive . 
  you just joined , wait and see after 10 years . 
  plus you can not compare slovakia , slovenia or baltics with bugaria . 
  all of these countries are close to very important and rich markets , all of them joined the eu before us , and all of them are richer than bulgaria . 
  i mean that bulgaria will probably have to be bailed out as well , speaking long term . 
  just as greece and portugal . 
  the euro is a strong currency and for a country to have a strong money , must have strong economy as well . 
  bulgarian economy is rather weak than strong . 
  yeah , it may be a top priority for bulgaria , but i do n't think ez wants more countries that more likely will turn to greece or portugal and will have to be bailed out in the long term . 
  same , i avoid interaction with western europeans and nordics . 
  got tired of their disappointed faces and empty eyes when they hear i am bulgarian . 
  because of my accent most of them think i am american and things change for a second when i tell them my country of origin . 
  i can live without talking to westerners . 
  not a big loss . 
  lol . 
  if there are mass protests in the major cities , the ruling coalition and government will not have any choice but to start the reforms necessary bulgaria finally to take of the ground . 
  today i read in a bulgarian newspaper that we are the most unreliable partner in the eu . 
  something radically has to change in bulgaria or else the nation goes into the oblivion . 
  back then the world was not globalized . 
  circumstances have changed ever since . 
  and by the way , you joined the eu because of the crisis that hit your country at that time , not because there were some sort of sympathy towards the continental union . 
  nordics just as great britain have always viewed themselves as part of europe but not within europe . 
  you think of yourself as quite unique to be in ever integrating union . 
  dude , who will you sell your super expensive goods and services if on top of them national governments add custom fees and taxes ? 
  it will not be economically viable . 
  do you even have the smallest idea how many goods from the west are sold in the east and south ? 
  think you are the kind of person that can not see what is in front of your nose . 
  same kind that vote for the ultra-nationalists in my homecountry . 
  dissolution of the eu , means the western companies must downsize . 
  the eu expanded cause it need it to , and if necessary it will disintegrate . 
  but it is a nonsense to believe that a union of northern + western europe alone would have been as strong as the current one . 
  it would have been difficult to export expensive goods and service subject to custom fees and national taxes . 
  now the west exports without any problems to the east and south . 
  i started reading it , picked up very few words and stopped . 
  so obviously esperanto is not that easy to comprehend . 
  note this is the first time i collided with the language . 
  also i am fluent in 4 languages ( including my native ) and learning 5th .
