  the rest in my opinion were bunch of spoiled blokes . 
  i said what i saw . 
  can even tell the name of the island - karpathos . 
  let me make clear one thing . 
  just because you spend many hours at your workplace does n't mean you worked/produced a lot . 
  nobody pays for the time spent , payment is based on efficiency . 
  more efficient/productive - more money . 
  i do not simplify anything . 
  there is no growth without working properly . 
  and i lived on a greek island for a while . 
  people there were ... lazy . 
  in fact they were complaining cause they had to work during the season and once tourists left , they made a celebration . 
  on my question what do they celebrate , the answer was - end of the season , end of work !, 
  they told me they celebrate `` end of season `` every year . 
  in the winter - hanging out in cafeterias and talking a lot . 
  when greeks stop complaining a lot and start working a lot , you 'll know they turn their economy around . 
  huh , the poles have invaded half of the world !, 
  let 's say you read english versions of several bulgarian news sites for local news . 
  now you wan na cross check that info ... and in fact you ca n't . 
  cause those local news were posted only in bulgarian sites . 
  things get different if we talk about international affairs . 
  i read what you wrote , that most greek media outlets have english versions . 
  in my opinion reading the same outlets in different languages is not cross checking of info . 
  well reading the same source in different languages does n't mean you cross checked the info . 
  let 's be honest , there are manipulated news everywhere . 
  or even more , sometimes media keeps silent about important events in order to do favor to ... politicians or business , or both . 
  but in general people tend to trust to a respectable source . 
  here in bg , national tv channels are private and one public . 
  owners are big international companies , which have good reputation . 
  my guess - that is the reason people trust tv channels . 
  yes , but it requires knowledge of foreign languages , and analytical brain in order to filter all that info . 
  usually cross checking of any given info requires knowledge of foreign languages . 
  on the other hand do not expect any strictly local news to appear elsewhere on i-net rather than your own country . 
  for example here in bulgaria there is almost no news from greece on tv , radio and local web , even though we 're neighbors . 
  cause is very easy to post fake news . 
  cause it is very easy to make a sensation . 
  get used to it as quickly as possible . 
  you 're changing places with norway . 
  be prepared for low temperatures , long winters , snow storms and short summers :p, 
  poor greece has moved way up north and took the place of norway . 
  can not even imagine how greeks will manage with cold and long winters with considerable snowfall !, 
  and we got two countries named kuwait on the continent . 
  one was formerly known as greece , the other one , before it changed its name , was named - denmark . 
  bulgaria 's gdp the same as tunisia . 
  ha ha ha , i guess we have the same population . 
  tunisia has better location though . 
  this is some kind of a joke , right ? 
  the one in the middle can not even be compared with the other two pretty girls . 
  i could not understand what exactly bothers you . 
  how do you call euro ? 
  how does it sound in different languages ? 
  or the very existing of the euro ? 
  ok , that 's a bit of information which can confirm the map , despite the fact that italy at that time was not an entity . 
  but i will take that as italy is successor to kingdom of naples . 
  well , bulgarians like it . 
  if you do n't - simply do not bother to post . 
  i answered your question if it is a cult . 
  it is an old tradition that recently gained popularity . 
  when i was young it was n't presented in the country . 
  think napoleon armies passed thru that area . 
  can not remember if poland at that time was entity or already split between its neighbors ? 
  at that time italy was not present as a unified country . 
  there were countless italian city states . 
  they are dancing not walking . 
  it is an old bulgarian tradition . 
  on this particular day 06.01 every year something called - ice dancing takes place . 
  and yes , before that they drink wine or raki in good amounts . 
  do you think many will comment ? 
  most people on this subreddit are unfamiliar with our traditions . 
  probably romanians and serbians do know something . 
  both bulgaria and romania were german allies as well . 
  but we 're not in the invaders list . 
  how come italy invaded poland ? 
  yes the us media would have been full of articles , just like the british media . 
  on the continent however , there are much bigger problems at the moment - refugees , terrorism and wars in the middle east . 
  brexit has n't happened yet , and nobody knows what the real consequences will be . 
  for now it is all speculations . 
  today and yesterday i posted on two occasions about brequit in this subreddit . 
  now what i really need to say - all that brexit thing is getting annoying and boring in r/europe . 
  i believe you brits should post your brething in your british subs , and whoever is interested in brequit and britain in general to visit and comment on british matters on british subs . 
  i really annoyed many of your fellows . 
  they were on me all the time , think they were feeling offended . 
  but posting about brething on daily basis on r/europe is ... well pretty boring . 
  english is not my native language . 
  maybe i used inappropriate term . 
  huh ... never thought there are stats for porn search . 
  both bulgaria and greece have closed their land borders with turkey . 
  bulgaria even built a fence . 
  but yet again , fences are not 100 meters high and if people organize , bring ladders and ropes , they simply jump over it . 
  and once on eu soils they claim asylum . 
  do you suggest shooting at unarmed people ? 
  and even if somehow greece and bulgaria seal off their borders there is alternative road . 
  from turkey sailing thru black sea and landing on bulgarian or romanian shore . 
  believe me if people want to find other way around - they will . 
  the only way is - to reduce the number of people trying to get to europe . 
  and i personally do n't know how that can be done . 
  now i posted my question about the brething in r/europe . 
  let me see what people will post . 
  do n't know if you care , but my words bother you . 
  as all that brething bothers me and bores me .
