  because of the anti-russian sentiment some russian companies consider selling their assets throughout europe . 
  beware the same may happen to your businesses operating in eu . 
  the average english doe wants to hear arrogant statements cause it makes them feel important as they are the center of a glorious empire . 
  lol , what an ignorance !, 
  lol ... funny comparison . 
  haha ... in fact an analyst wrote that britain will try to split up east and west as it is in the british interest . 
  the article was in a bulgarian newspaper . 
  haha ... in fact an analyst wrote that britain will try to split up east and west as it is in the british interest . 
  the article was in a bulgarian newspaper . 
  i believe that in the nearest future such articles trying to discredit corruption fight in our region and trying to discredit eastern europe in general will be something common in the british news outlets . 
  britain has an interest of splitting up eastern from western europe , so it can make separate deals with the west . 
  after all brits do a lot of trading with the western part of the continent not with the east . 
  we are not upset because of britain leaving the union . 
  we are a bit scared that with ongoing rise of populism and nationalism eu may break up . 
  that 's why it is important britain not to be treated specially after exiting eu . 
  the rules and regulations of wto are good enough for the trade between uk and eu after dissolution . 
  yes , brexit will take place within few years . 
  and i personally hope there will be no extension . 
  better for both uk and eu to go on their own separate ways . 
  if they can reach a mutual trade agreement without any special privileges - good . 
  i am pretty sure that if there are any countries to benefit from hard brexit one of them is germany . 
  the other one - france . 
  both big economies will take the vacuum left after the brits quit the union . 
  brexit is good for europe in general , simply because britain was always acting and wanted to be treated as the special kid on the block . 
  great britain blocked decisions for further integration in the eu . 
  now hard brexit may benefit germany 's financial services and banks , probably france will also gain something.not sure though hard brexit is actually that good thing for the rest of the eu countries . 
  yes ... and no . 
  we are unitary republic . 
  in other words , turkish or any other minority is not officially recognized by the authorities . 
  they do not have the right of the self governing , nor the right to use their language in government or any other public matter . 
  bulgarian is the only official language and studying it is mandatory . 
  there are no news in any of the minority languages as well as none of the languages are taught in schools . 
  we keep multi ethnic peaceful existence simply because each ethnicity ignores the rest and keeps its own traditions and pace . 
  russia is a former empire and still looks like it has all attributes of an ... empire . 
  and i wrote before , empires are successful multi-ethnic entities . 
  at a glance - hard brexit . 
  no single market for uk , all trade under wto rules , deal for the brits residing on the continent and for eu citizens residing on the island . 
  no freedom of movement and england is turning to a lobbying nation . 
  think there were tensions between quebec and the rest of the canadian provinces some years ago . 
  can not recall any details though . 
  those three ethnicity gradually merged and created a homogeneous nation . 
  and that has happened centuries ago . 
  and do not forget that they lived in a form of entity called empire , as i said the successful multi-ethnic states were - empires . 
  huh ... it is all christians !, 
  did n't see any different religion in your map . 
  because they were created by immigrants from all over the globe . 
  somehow all these different people with different traditions and even religion managed to make homogeneous and indigenous culture . 
  in europe however things are a bit different . 
  countries here are based on nation/ethnicity or/and religion . 
  only relatively new states like finland , belgium or bosnia are multi-ethnic and/or multi-religion . 
  even swiss is religiously homogeneous . 
  i disagree with you . 
  in fact the balkans are getting more civilized due to western influences . 
  we are talking about europe . 
  do n't look at usa , canada or australia . 
  those were made by immigrants from all over the globe . 
  yes , multi-ethnic states have failed in balkans , and not only in our region . 
  czechoslovakia and soviet union were also multi-national and both disintegrated . 
  historically the only successful multi-ethnic entities were empires . 
  even these days we see tensions between flanders and vallonia in belguim , and growing separatism in scotland . 
  only finland still holds but i guess it is because one of the governing minorities is less than 10 % . 
  hoping they will leave as soon as possible . 
  and i think hard brexit is better option for both uk and eu . 
  at least there wo n't be any hidden exclusions of rules , or special agreement for the city of london , or anything else . 
  trading under wto agreement is good enough for both sides . 
  do n't want to continue . 
  i have stated - i do not understand the mind set : what can you do for me . 
  should i ask you the same ? 
  besides , crisis in south continues , if anybody must be saved or be helped , it is the southern europe , specially greece , portugal and probably cyprus . 
  hail for trabbi !, 
  hail for trabbi !, 
  hail for trabbi !, 
  hip-hip-hurrah !, 
  who can understand british mindset . 
  they set foot on every continent . 
  everywhere i go i meet groups of british expats or british retirees living abroad , but on the other hand brits do n't want people to move to their country . 
  they want to trade with everyone and to sell their services to anyone , but they do n't want to let people that actually trade with them on their island . 
  it is a complete mess . 
  uk becoming a tax paradise after leaving the eu was predicted more than 2 years ago . 
  high ranked economist stated that if uk exits the continental union , it 'll turn into nation of lobbyists . 
  there is no point of asking a question like : what eu will do for me , if my neighbor closes the door in front of my nose . 
  the answer is simple - nothing . 
  you will have to do something and try to trade with other countries within the eu rather than britain . 
  and honestly i could never understand such mind set - what can you do for me ? 
  why would anyone do something for you ? 
  first you have to show enough power will to help yourself and if that is not enough , look forward someone to help you . 
  of course you love to be in the eu . 
  did n't the eu save you with 70 + billion loan when you most need it and nobody was n't there to lend you enough money with low interest level ? 
  now , uk voted - brexit . 
  europe is still unstable , the crisis in south continues and that vote was like stub in the back . 
  yes i believe that eu will give the uk hard time during the process of leaving the union , and i think the eu will try to make an example what happens if country suddenly and ignorantly decides to quit the continental agreement . 
  but i do not believe all that will be done out of hatred . 
  lol ... i do n't even want to go to britain as a tourist . 
  never been there and never were interested , so i got no personal interest of uk succeeding or failing . 
  but , trump-the-clown has stated his administration will implement isolationism as state policy . 
  making a free trade agreement with american isolationists will be a difficult task . 
  such agreement can only be made only if large american companies can benefit from it . 
  and once again , in direct negotiations uk is weaker than the us . 
  uk will be the country which desperately needs to make an agreement/align with others , not the states . 
  anyone would take advantage of weak position and try to carve out as much as possible for his own interest .
