  kaliningrad district on the other hand is bordering lithuania . 
  so is kaliningrad 's standard better than the lithuanian one ? 
  many fake news and misinformation coming from russia or russian trolls . 
  in bulgaria we do have problems in news forums with trolls spreading russian misinformation . 
  yes i know that . 
  others are owned by indian and malaysian companies . 
  american companies ? 
  where is the fortress ? 
  all i see is mountains !, 
  ok , now i got it . 
  for sure british brands owned by foreign car manufacturers might get a little bit more expensive . 
  however most ( if not all ) british cars ai n't cheap at all . 
  many actually target niche markets . 
  where did i write the cars will stay the same price ? 
  on the contrary i wrote the cars imported in the uk after briquit accomplishes , will be more expensive . 
  britons have their luxury and sport brands of cars . 
  however they are not cheap at all . 
  of course once britain quits the eu , imported cars will be more expensive . 
  my argument is , germany has such good export cause it produces innovative goods and services . 
  obviously the world is buying eagerly whatever german produces . 
  got nothing to do with cheap labor and many working hours like the chinese . 
  read the article , only one businessman said it welcomed it . 
  the article did not state if the rest said - no . 
  they might have been indifferent . 
  and the article talks about that german business is looking beyond briquit.in the beginning most people i personally know and had opinion about brexit , were against it , me included in that group . 
  english expats i know living abroad were very much against it , of course they have personal reasons . 
  these days however , i and many others think - the sooner brething accomplishes , the better . 
  it is not the end of the world . 
  what on earth brexiters thought ? 
  that every business leader in eu will applause them ? 
  the globe still spins , and the trade still continues and will continue just under slightly different rules - wto . 
  britons may have never seen the eu as vision of creating a block of countries sharing values and freedoms , but it 's where eu is heading on . 
  uk disagreed on that matter - it is their right . 
  global britain and the rest of the crap is for the english ears , nobody on the continent buys that . 
  sure , germans work as many hours as chinese and as cheap as chinese !, 
  what are you talking about . 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  greece had many chances to default on its euro-denominated external debt and leave the eurozone , but instead chose to sign a memorandum after memorandum with imf and ez . 
  devaluing your currency boosts your competitiveness at will . 
  that had happened to all countries with capitalistic market orientated economies . 
  other countries using different economic rules , like venezuela , are completely different story . 
  beautiful !!, 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  bulgaria is not performing well not because of the eu or because of germany . 
  we are just incapable to find the right path . 
  in your line of thoughts . 
  bulgaria was performing worse before it joined the eu . 
  the only flag in europe which does n't trigger nationalism and warlike thoughts . 
  the only flag in europe created not to point at nationality , but to point at uniting nations . 
  the only flag in europe created to stop revisionism that often leads to wars . 
  the only flag in the world created to commemorate that peace is not not permanent state but rather a condition which came after a lot of devastation and suffering . 
  thanks for the link . 
  it is not far north not even in the middle . 
  more like north-west of stockholm . 
  many cities , towns and villages located in the area , 
  is it a sea or salinated water flowing in the canal ? 
  draghi has his point . 
  i can think only of 2 countries willing to leave the eurozone . 
  greece and italy , even though reasons for exiting emu for both countries are fundamentally different . 
  greece simply has to default on its ` external euro-denominated debt , while italy has to boost its competitiveness . 
  of course there are many ways to become more competitive , the easiest being - inflate your currency . 
  lol ... you 're being sarcastic , right ? 
  berg means mountain in german :p . do n't know what lagen means . 
  no people !, 
  i guess the shot was taken early in the morning , was n't it ? 
  here is a winter picture from bulgaria . 
  i took the shot 2 or 3 days ago and posted it on r/europe . 
  location , 20 kilometers south of varna , bulgaria :p [ picture ] ( https://i.redd.it/jrd2f7u5yvay.jpg ), 
  huh ... no snow !, 
  it would of been incredible if there were a wild animal on the shot . 
  one is agreement , the other one is deal . 
  how come it is not a trade deal ? 
  russia and germany agreed to build a gas pipe which will deliver exclusively for german clients . 
  how will you name such deal ? 
  nope , for example north stream gas pipe was a direct deal between russia and germany . 
  without joking . 
  belgium is strong at chemical production . 
  there are several major chemical corporations like solvay or agfa stationed in belgium . 
  they are good at mechanical engineering and pharmacy as well . 
  chocolate lol !, 
  by creating the right conditions for business ventures to invest in r&d , with good education system , with good trading deals all over the globe . 
  if i have used inappropriate term - sorry . 
  but i meant that as describing the strength of the german economy if compared to the rest on the list . 
  unlike you , i do not blame the germans for having such big surplus . 
  it is not their fault they can produce hi-tech competitive goods and services . 
  i know in economics the rule is - if someone wins , other is losing . 
  but that 's the rules of the game . 
  everyone else is far behind germany . 
  the reality is - german economy is the motor of the eu . 
  boris-the-clown will make free trade deals even with somalia . 
  after all it 's just business lol . 
  ever since its liberation , greece has defaulted 6 times . 
  i believe greeks love to live beyond their means . 
  however since they joined the eurozone , they gave up part of their fiscal sovereignty and they can no longer default or inflate their currency on their means . 
  in other words , there must be collective decision of greek default . 
  i also think greece needs supervision regarding country 's fiscal affairs . 
  it is not connected with trump . 
  other wise i would of suggested moronstopia . 
  how about trumpistan ? 
  does it suit you better ?
