  wonder if they can be dated back to more than one and a half century ? 
  trouble for the uk is that trade agreements do not treat the export of financial services . 
  so either uk government and administration must do their best and use all their influence to make a separate deal regarding city of london , or euro clearings as well as other financial services currently based in london will have to move out of great britain . 
  there is no win-win situation , nor lose-win situation , it is lose-lose situation . 
  you 'd better stock some or a lot of tea in your cupboards . 
  next shortage after iceberg lettuce and olive oil , is very likely to be - tea . 
  and as a true englishman , you ai n't gon na survive without your daily 122345 cups of tea . 
  i personally already stocked white and green teas . 
  now that 's a planetary disaster . 
  absolute catastrophe for the kitchens all over the globe in particular and the entire solar system in general . 
  what 's unexpected here ? 
  it is 11th of february after all - still winter . 
  people move out of their home countries for different reasons . 
  money is the most common reason , but there are others as well . 
  for example , cause they married a foreigner , or because they do n't like their society and while travelling found other community which suits them better . 
  others move abroad with the hope they will forget some painful memories . 
  different people , different reasons . 
  yeah , that is an option , but i am scared to go to norway , and it is not because of the bad and cold weather , or long winter nights . 
  it is because of prices and the cold norwegian attitude . 
  that was back in time in bulgaria . 
  when you 're already educated , you can not apply for school , cause at that time we had something like high school for carpenters . 
  what one can do is to apply to qualification center , where they will train you , including lessons from real teachers on the profession chosen . 
  so in my case it was 6 months , and after that i had to take 2 exams . 
  nope it is not . 
  since 1st of february , the minimum wage in romania became 320 euros , an increase of 130 % . 
  the data showed in the chart is outdated . 
  i studied automation , but back in time there was no work , so i applied in qualification center for getting a certificate in carpentry . 
  after six months and two exams - i got my paper . 
  ever since then , i have been employed excluding the time i wanted long holidays . 
  wow , how did you figure out i am a carpenter !, 
  huh , never imagined that norway actually has such big percentage of shadow economy . 
  almost double the us one !, 
  the gambia as far as i know is tourist destination . 
  did not realize the actual situation until i read the article . 
  aid , if provided , may indeed help stabilize government finances and reduce the influx of migrants from the new gambia . 
  it 's back in the headlines cause it has turned into a tradition !, 
  if you find germany cheap , then bulgaria will be disgustingly cheap :p, 
  lol , everyday commodities and basics are cheaper in the states . 
  what really cost is rent , visiting dentist , health insurance , other services related with your house and so on . 
  ha ... bulgaria is first if you count other way around , from the end to beginning lol !, 
  oceans are already overfished . 
  not only the governments should decrease industrial fishing , but they must make an agreement and a strict program to revitalize the ocean flora and fauna . 
  i am afraid we pay way too much attention to that lunatic . 
  and what happens in the balkans should not be , and it is not a problem american congressman must deal with . 
  when was this picture taken ? 
  sighs , are n't you guys tired of all that briquit posting ? 
  will pour wine in the glass and wait to for some very devoted brexiteer to knock on his nerves lol . 
  greece is doomed . 
  question is what comes after greece officially defaults on its external debts . 
  will greece still be eu member , or will star pursuing its own path . 
  to all of you who will probably condemn me for my words , let me tell you . 
  i lived in greece , i speak greek ( do n't write it though ) , and i can assure you greeks in general are short sighted . 
  as long as they receive money from the eu and as long as they have to contribute less than they take - they will be a eu member . 
  at the moment one or all of the conditions mentioned are gone , greece is also gone from the eu . 
  ha , take that all you countries and foreign politicians accusing bulgaria and bulgarians of receiving too much eu funds and stealing a lot of eu money . 
  i agree with trump on that matter . 
  nato members should spend more on their security and meet the goal of 2 % of gdp as annual expenditure for military . 
  denmark most likely will follow britain if the uk gets a good deal . 
  and yes , that socialist is right , the eu is disintegrating cause even if one country leaves the union , that can be count as the opposite of integration . 
  the queen is the dinosaur among the monarchs . 
  lol . 
  nope , scroll up and read what he typed . 
  yes , poor people know what is best for poor people - to become wealthy/rich . 
  let 's hope briquit will actually help them , at least a little bit , with accumulating wealth . 
  still , as part of the carrier group and as their name suggest , these ships are supposed to destroy targets not taking hits from the enemy . 
  i am not familiar with navy tasks , but about the noisy engines the article mentions , would like to ask if british navy ships use gas turbine for propulsion ? 
  those turbines are quite noisy . 
  huh , destroyers are not battle ships . 
  the latter were designed to take hits from enemy 's fire and reply back . 
  do n't know if there are any battle ships left in the service with the navies , they are considered kinda obsolete . 
  lol !, 
  why did you call yourself - fridayfish ? 
  do you like fishing by the way ? 
  lol , dude , english became the international language after the defeat of napoleon . 
  before that french was linqua franca . 
  even the british diplomats were communicating in french in their missions abroad . 
  read some history , the first time english was used in diplomacy was at the vienna congress in 1815 where the great powers were dealing with post napoleonic europe . 
  do n't be so ignorant little englander . 
  like the slave trade in the early colonization was something civilized , right ? 
  or like the actions of the dutch east indian company , one of the most brutal forces ever in the history of europen colonization . 
  or like the enslaving and massacres conducted by the spanish conquestadors in the americas . 
  dude , very little documents have survived from that time . 
  that is why we , modern day dwellers , do n't know much about the actions taken in the newly discovered and colonized territories by the european colonial powers . 
  even the states in the process of their forming and conquering new land , wiped out quite many american indians , and that happened less than 2 centuries ago . 
  still there is not enough records found in the archives to describe those processes and actions in details . 
  in the summer i do n't go out without applying sunscreen on my face and parts of body with direct contact with sunlight . 
  that 's what i do when i am south in bulgaria or holidays in southern europe . 
  where i live now , no such need , but still i do use facial sunscreen for about 2 months as dermatologist recommended . 
  he he , the old buildings create cozy atmosphere . 
  i wonder if someone lives in those buildings . 
  european colonial powers committed quite many atrocities in africa and elsewhere . 
  these days we know more about the inhuman actions in africa because it was colonized relatively late if compared to america and asia , and the documents describing those processes are still abundant . 
  raining like hell !, 
  picture must 've been taken during the summer i guess . 
  also , where in sweden is that suburb ? 
  cause sweden is not just one or two cities . 
  yeah , it is a shame that black sea regions of turkey are not as famous as south coast . 
  on the other hand , one can be thankful that tourists did not destroyed that part of your country as they did with south and aegean regions . 
  maybe you should keep it like that and try targeting specific groups , like hikers , mountain bikers , people that love trekking and other related activities . 
  i believe in the near future places that have kept their nature virtually untouched will be the most famous and expensive destinations .
