  it was one of the major european producers 10 to 15 years ago . 
  now it slides down to mediocre one . 
  the decline of the italian car industry is quite ... astonishing . 
  i mean czechia produces more cars than italy , who would have thought that 15 or 10 years ago !, 
  you lie . 
  wow !!!, 
  when and where was the picture taken ? 
  slovenia and moldova are exceptions . 
  the former singing about friends , the latter - about language . 
  they should stop living the past , and start living today with thoughts for the future . 
  russians still live with the thought of the second world war !, 
  lol !, 
  jesus , why did they cut all these trees ? 
  this is not an actual shot . 
  there was a video on youtube some time ago , and what we see now is from the video . 
  downvoted . 
  the trail is visible in the picture . 
  did you go hiking there ? 
  spectacular scenery !, 
  language can be one of the reasons for not using other options . 
  swedish viking were heading east , norwegian and danish vikings were heading west and north , so mot likely irish got a lot in common with norwegian people , or with the danes . 
  i could not understand the part of your post regarding irish women . 
  to be honest , can not recall of meeting any irish people . 
  they indeed are tall , many are blond , they care of themselves , but i would n't describe them as nice . 
  they got very cold/reserved attitude , things change after having couple of drinks . 
  haha ... populations in the balkans are genetically close with the exception of greeks , albanians and turks . 
  the rest of us are actually quite similar in terms of genes . 
  of course , as being neighbors for so long , people merge , adopt traditions , words , culture etc. 
  of all the balkans , only the countries in the south seem to be more nationalistic , and feeling superior thus not accepting cultural influence coming from their neighbors . 
  more like 15 minutes with the preparations lol !, 
  which means no more than 4 times :p, 
  you sure are , but what happens if someone is not a gay ? 
  he would be forced to become one in order to fulfill the paid for sex hour ? 
  anyways , i prefer ladies , starting to learn swedish right now :p, 
  if that preposition gets passed by as legislation , i bet a lot of men would like to move to sweden . 
  will they be able to find a partner is a different issue . 
  lol . 
  map says romanian word for turkey has bulgarian roots , while you typed that bulgarian word for turkey has romanian roots ... what a mess !, 
  spectacular scenery !, 
  what camera and lens did you use , cause quality is not ... sufficiently good . 
  ok , will give you an example . 
  for years bulgaria and romania are trying to join the schengen agreement . 
  all eu authorities have stated that both countries had fulfilled technical criteria for joining , and whether that to happen or not is a question of political decision . 
  as you can see , even if countries are doing all the efforts required they still can be rejected joining in `` inner club '' , to a point they no longer apply or wish to join . 
  so my question is , what will prevent the `` inner high speed '' club to reject membership of a country which fulfills everything required of the `` outer club '' ? 
  cause as we can see , at the end no matter what you do , it comes to a political decisions . 
  it is because tax evasion throughout the eu done by the citizens . 
  some countries like the nordic ones , have reduced using of cash , payments are cashless . 
  that however does not apply for the rest of the continent . 
  bulgaria is dying out . 
  the demographic crisis is a long standing issue which continuously was ignored by politicians in particular and the whole society in general . 
  woo hoo ... spectacular villages and scenery !, 
  how was the trail/trails ? 
  i do go hiking as well , in fact tomorrow will be in the mountains , and i prefer more ... unspoiled paths . 
  dude , what do you think 2 speed europe means ? 
  a club within a club . 
  that what it is . 
  and sooner or later , the members of the club will want to join the inner club , but that will mean one speed europe again , which is against the preposition . 
  so if the outer members can not join the inner club , they will begin to wonder - what the heck are we doing in this club . 
  after that break up is inevitable . 
  however on contrary of most other easterners would think , my opinion about the reasons of the preposition is the ongoing problems in the ez . 
  th\u0435 saving of the weaker ez members did cost a lot , problems are looming in italy and greece will need significant portion of its debt written off with another bail out . 
  i believe juncker 's preposition , if accepted , will create the legal base to make a mechanism ez members to focus on the huge problems in some euro members and will give enough flexibility those problems to be addressed without the permission of every eu member state . 
  it means the beginning of breaking up the continental part of the eu . 
  soros was right when he said in davos that the eu is in the process of disintegration . 
  spectacular !, 
  hah ... that is supposed to be tiny amount ? 
  and what is large amount , a whole truck loaded with donuts ? 
  75 dogs per 1000 population . 
  the title is misleading . 
  somebody must fix it . 
  woo hoo ... do n't these people eat any donuts in the rest of the days ? 
  i mean one year is approximately 365 days :p, 
  and it always goes as fat on their butts and legs lol . 
  huh ... you 're going fat girl :p . send me some over here , 
  you are absolutely in your right , and with the all respect to this ancient and tasty tradition , to eat even more than 2 , cause i am absolutely sure , there are some other disrespectful poles not stuffing themselves with donuts . 
  so , to summarize , today poles will stuff themselves with as many doughnuts as they can eat and grow fat . 
  man , that can be a real disaster for girls that do everything to stay slim and slender lol . 
  move to iceland :p . at least the nature there is great and one can find pristine , unspoiled spots . 
  cats sleep 14 to 16 hours a day , that 's what they do . 
  haha ... i took the shot last fall , and i am still alive :p, 
  i still hope for a smooth briquit . 
  for sure the deal both parties will reach will not be as comprehensive for the business as the current situation , but if things get nasty and messy , both the uk and the eu will lose . 
  kitty reality show , lol . 
  must be quite entertaining one !, 
  your sister lied to you :p, 
  obviously they have slightly different values . 
  anyways this is the first time i see such charts , though interesting , i think it is not that educational . 
  my shots of flowers and plants are actually taken while hiking . 
  i prefer wild beauty . 
  as you probably know , cause you 're norwegian , one can not carry heavy or professional cameras up in the mountains . 
  i use basic travel camera . 
  i post there every now and then . 
  but mostly i want to post on r/europe with the hope others will also share pictures of beautiful flowers taken on their own and in europe of course . 
  googled images are not recommended as well as digitally enhanced pictures . 
  yes it is , thank you so much for telling me the name , 
  use imperial all you want , even shovel it up your asses , but conversion for engineered stuff with all the specifications ai n't that easy as most of the english technically uneducated morons think . 
  now anything unclear in my words . 
  america can turn upside down , or shoot itself on the moon . 
  i does n't make any `` exceptional '' difference to me .
