  and so far turkey has never won a war against a balkan union , right ? 
  do you really think turkey is capable to sustain a military campaign with all of its neighbors ? 
  fool . 
  turks are playing cocky with all of their neighbors . 
  at the end they gon na get what they 've been asking for - military assault but on their own soil . 
  wow , so picturesque !!, 
  i personally do not believe it 'll be everlasting love . 
  on the contrary i think trump-putin love will be short and divorce will be loud and messy - that what scares me . 
  i believe britons put a hedgehog in their pants with the briquit . 
  at least if we talk short term . 
  kuznetsov can be seen from miles away thanks to the extreme smoke coming out of her chimneys !, 
  yes . 
  right now the former communist states within the eu are making sort of alliance . 
  they start looking at each other and using their connections of the past . 
  my personal opinion - it will be sad if the eu goes that way , small alliances of countries within the union . 
  look at the cartoon before you comment . 
  i do n't know who advises trump-the-clown . 
  i do n't know who wrote his political program . 
  i do n't know who helped him with priorities . 
  but i can see , that he started to implement his promises since the first day he stepped in the white house . 
  and i think some powerful corporations/banks/entities / individuals support him . 
  how on earth juncker imagines all that to happen ? 
  a country can set up really low minimum salary , which is the case in bulgaria ( 230 euros ) and be fine with the juncker 's prepositions !, 
  two years ago germany did not have minimum salary as well . 
  however they implemented minimum wage policy . 
  bulgaria has administratively regulated minimum salary , unfortunately - not enough to cover food and utility bills . 
  this picture was posted earlier . 
  please do not duplicate !, 
  his name is miroslav barnyashev . 
  rusev is just an alias !, 
  unfamiliar with the term - inb4 . 
  secondly , yes i wan na quit vaping :p, 
  rest in peace . 
  i love the comedy series ` allo ` allo ! ', 
  nope it is not about any law . 
  when you chew tobacco your mouth tends to water . 
  however as saliva mixes with tobacco swallowing the mixture may lead to ... throwing up . 
  wooaaa ... picturesque little village in the middle of snowy fields and forest in the back !, 
  hmm , scientifically the continent is eurasia , and balkan peninsula together with apennine peninsula are actually part of africa . 
  so you can count me as someone coming from a different continent !, 
  owls are supposed to be flying at that time ( almost evening for you ) . 
  so fly just like britain will fly away from the eu . 
  scotland stronk in referendums !, 
  scotland stronk in scotsquit !, 
  yes , uk tourists are very global in drinking . 
  no matter where one goes , if there are charterers/flights from foggy islands , for sure will encounter drunk and loud britons . 
  scotland wants to cut its ties with england , while uk cuts connection with the eu . 
  priceless !, 
  sniffing snuff is what you talk about . 
  however there is a loose snuff you can simply roll and put it under your lip . 
  there is chewing tobacco but think it is also illegal in europe . 
  americans do use that stuff though . 
  snuff is not legal in europe excluding some or all scandinavian countries . 
  i use vaporizer . 
  i do have snuff/snus as well . 
  someone from sweden smuggled it for me !, 
  yeah , i used to smoke before . 
  now i use e-cigarette and feel a lot better . 
  in general vaping is not as harmful as smoking . 
  many people quit smoking with the help of vaporizers . 
  they gradually lowered the percentage of nicotine in the liquid until they were just vaping without any nicotine . 
  i am getting tired of all that slovenian whining about being or not being part of the balkan cultural area . 
  just scroll up and see on how many occasions you and your fellows typed that . 
  that is not true . 
  bulgarians count themselves as balkan people and culture . 
  after all even the mountain after which the whole peninsula was named , stretches in our country . 
  and unlike slovenians , we do n't feel offended by the name - balkan !, 
  did not know balkan cultural area includes moldova !, 
  slovenia does n't count itself as balkan state , same is available for moldova and to certain extend for romania . 
  deeply influenced by america ( usa ) ? 
  they may find her very attractive with her asian features though . 
  the name of the guy in the picture is miroslav barneyshev or something like that . 
  looks like mma fighter . 
  nina dobrev though ethnically bulgarian , is more canadian . 
  her family moved to canada when she was 2-year-old-girl . 
  she 's a canadian actress . 
  huh ... never heard of the person with the most popular twitter account in bulgaria !, 
  lol , back in the 19th century . 
  people in the states do use snuff or chewing tobacco . 
  you can not swallow saliva though !, 
  old castle and a bridge over river . 
  where is the beauty ? 
  i believe ireland has better landscapes to be taken shots of . 
  using e-cigarettes indoors is illegal in some eu member states . 
  others allow them . 
  how about vaping ? 
  that sort of nicotine inhaling is getting popular . 
  what 's the legislation regarding e-cigarettes and liquids ? 
  lush vegetation , 
  yes , it really is a blue hour . 
  blue water plus blue sky . 
  yachts and flats shining with light , 
  are finns actually dropping swedish language as second official in their country ? 
  i believe once the briquit is accomplished all trade between eu and uk will be done under wto rules . 
  of course if both parties see such trade is insufficient they can always negotiate new agreement . 
  so most viable option is - wto . 
  and how are people supposed to be commenting if they can not read the article ? 
  at least your streets are properly cleaned from the snow , 
  magadan or vladivistok are on the other side of the globe . 
  moscow is not anywhere near lithuania .
