  the important thing now is uk not aligning itself with trump-the-clown regarding his policies towards russia . 
  putin-the-tall in particular and russia in general have showed their increasingly aggressive face . 
  the respond to russian actions should be harsh . 
  britain for example and all european countries must not close their eyes and turn into introverts while war is raging at their doorsteps . 
  modern technologies made the world smaller not only for civilian life , but also for the military . 
  the only radler i 've ever tried was dutch !!, 
  again talking about money . 
  it is not about money . 
  uk sees eu as a single market to do business . 
  i see it as political project . 
  it is not about money . 
  that is the difference between majority of britons and people on the continent . 
  you see eu as a single market to do business with . 
  i see it as political project . 
  you care only about trade , while i want eu to build better institution . 
  oh , again blackmailing , blockade and so on . 
  where have you read in my comments such things ? 
  gibraltar is thriving society thanks to the trade and services it can offer to shipping industry . 
  was it as prosperous as it is now before actually spain joined the eu and ease the trade with the rock ? 
  i am well aware that as an outpost for the royal navy it receives funds from uk , but do you think those money will be enough for further development of gibraltar ? 
  as britain is heading for hard briquit with harsh custom tariffs and taxation on imported goods , that will effect small gibraltar in different way than britain proper . 
  great britain is a big market itself , and can be pretty well self-sufficient , the rock on the other hand is anything like that . 
  plus in my posts i express hypothetical option for gibraltar . 
  the realistic option is , as a briton replied to one of my comments , to turn into depopulated military base . 
  i am less worried for the german car industry . 
  german cars are very well accepted all over the globe because of their quality and reasonable prices . 
  vw just surpassed toyota . 
  you can boost your domestic market as well . 
  it is not the cars one should be worried about . 
  the political impact of trump-the-clown 's protectionism and isolationism however may create a worldwide turmoil . 
  unlike china , spain is democracy , so nobody will force gibraltans to not talk what they like or what they think . 
  hong kong still has own currency , own legislation , own rules , sticks to capitalistic market economy and so on . 
  i would say ... hypothetically it is not that bad if gibraltar leaves the uk and joins spain if they can keep all their legislation , taxes , benefits and so on . 
  after all most of the food , water , power supply , fuels , materials and the rest needed for daily routine comes from spain , right ? 
  trump-the-clown can shovel his tweets up his arse . 
  nobody in europe is looking seriously at his tweets or any other social accounts the orange orangutan has . 
  and i was n't talking about blockade , i was talking about spain offering gibraltar sort of deal like the one hong kong has with china proper . 
  if deal is approved by the people of gibraltar in referendum then negotiations with the uk will have some serious legal ground and spain may be able to regain control of the rock . 
  that is also an option . 
  probably the realistic one . 
  ever heard or read such expression - would of been nice - it is not british english by the way . 
  if it is up to me , i would of kicked britain out of the eu long time now . 
  but nobody asks me , and my opinion does n't count . 
  britain 's place is not in the eu . 
  it was the country with so many opt-outs and such big pretensions that it was clear they do not belong to the political project called eu . 
  now they better start looking to make a comprehensive deal with trumplandia . 
  britain is leaving the eu , freedom of movement and so on . 
  while gibraltar is a small rock surrounded by sea with a tiny road that connects it with ... spain . 
  gibraltar is not self-sufficient for basics like food , water and power supply i think . 
  and as it will become more complicated for people of gibraltar once the brithing is accomplished to import goods from spain , to trade with them and even cross border , they may reconsider their decision to stay with the uk . 
  agreement with spain like the one hong kong has with china proper , may be a good option for gibraltar , hypothetically speaking . 
  yes , it is good . 
  they should activate a50 asap and to get done with all that briquit thing . 
  now is the right time spain to do something to regain control of gibraltar . 
  offer them to be something like hong kong in europe . 
  with their own legislation , rules and tax system but without any foreign or military policies . 
  yeah , similar map was posted a couple of days ago . 
  same percentages and same colors . 
  do you support wilders ? 
  if that was his name !, 
  trump-the-clown favors bilateral trade agreements with foreign countries , as such treaties will give the us advantage to negotiate better deals cause they will talk of the position of the bigger , richer , stronger and so on country . 
  eu as entity is larger than the us , hence americans can not execute their power over it in trade . 
  the article is not about nato or military expenditures . 
  i completely agree european countries must start spending more for military and security and become less dependent of the us on that matter . 
  however this articles is for currencies . 
  are you being sarcastic or absolutely serious ? 
  trump-the-clown and his advisers will soon accuse the reptilians of sirius b for the problems american export faces and the budget deficit . 
  how on earth and moon , that clown sees protectionism combined with weaker dollar ? 
  if your currency is cheap that boosts the export and lowers import , if you implemented protectionism for your economy and set up high custom fees and big taxes on imported goods , the rest of your trade partners will reply with the same actions , hence the advantage of having relatively cheap currency is gone . 
  do you think there is non-productive part of europe ? 
  i will note out the baltic states and czechia are doing well and resemble to certain extent the employment rate in western countries . 
  the rest of the ce/ee region however are far behind the average numbers in the more developed west . 
  greece is the exception of the exception even though one must keep in mind that many women in greece have never officially worked , it is part of their culture . 
  put it however you want , but when isis was a small and insignificant group none of the world leaders foresee the incoming disaster . 
  the advance of those terrorists was remarkable and it also showed very big demoralization of both iraqi and syrian government forces who preferred to abandon their positions instead of fighting . 
  once the west saw that it should have stepped in with all of its resources and power it can relocate to that region . 
  that did not happen and i count it as serious mistake . 
  the power of isis came with the control of both demographic and natural resources of the conquered territories . 
  it allowed them to push their agenda and propaganda among muslims throughout the globe with devastating consequences for middle east and europe . 
  dude , and in the moment isis counter-attack , iraqi or syrian forces abandon their positions and flee like kids in kindergarten , leaving weapons and munitions behind . 
  we 've seen that happening many times . 
  demoralization among both syrian and iraqi forces is obvious and out of doubt . 
  the only ground forces that actually were fighting continuously against isis were the kurds and some shia militia . 
  unfortunately turkey is looking with suspicious the kurdish fighters as they presume kurds can be serious threat , hence they do not support them and prevent to certain extent further kurdish advance in power . 
  i wonder why on earth it takes so long for the west to finish with isis for once and for all ? 
  obviously with airstrikes , drones and highly skilled snipers is impossible to win . 
  ground forces must step in . 
  excluding both coasts , the rest of the us is still quite racist . 
  the rectangular states or bad lands as we call them . 
  of course they are not as racists as the extremes showed in the pictures , but still somehow suspicious towards blacks and anyone else with an accent . 
  even though populists are gaining popularity all across europe , they are financially weak . 
  most of these political parties actually take loans from russian banks with very low interest rates . 
  but even after that , money is not enough and they divert state or eu funds to push their agenda , hence misuse the money . 
  nobody denies they can receive eu funds as proper taxpayers . 
  the article is about misusing the money . 
  i had to zoom in to find the monastery . 
  once i did it , i also saw a small village , 
  trump-the-clown wants to turn into trump-the-little-dictator . hmm . 
  i think all countries in the black sea region are on alert to start modernizing their armed forces as soon as possible . 
  that conflict wo n't stop anytime soon , and russia already showed its increasingly aggressive nature .
