  in my experience with greeks , i found out that they do not think long term . 
  greeks live for the now , not for the future . 
  do n't know why turks and greeks do n't get along and each nation claims other nation 's land or resources . 
  i bet nobody in the world can comprehend that . 
  could not understand the complications with the name of the republic of macedonia . 
  rest of the world call it simply macedonia , while greeks have a problem with that . 
  it is so weird . 
  ahaa ... scania is the english name for skane , now forgive my ignorance , but where in europe that state is located ? 
  fake map which represents your feelings not the reality !, 
  scania is truck and bus manufacturer !, 
  i disagree . 
  best cold is when there is snow . 
  wind chill is terrible . 
  dry cold is worse for me , as i tend to sweat regardless temperatures if i do some physical activities and as body warms up quickly , dry air sucks all sweat very fast . 
  oh , i guess it 'll be easier to get drunk in finland and finns no longer have to travel on vodka tours to neighboring countries . 
  it really is a reason for happiness , 
  old pictures of swedish cities and places . 
  interesting , but i could not understand the meaning and reason of posting it here . 
  if you can write something more about the pictures , it 'll enlighten me . 
  no snow !, 
  guess the picture was taken during the summer . 
  it looks like quiet and cozy place to live . 
  snow free does n't mean warm . 
  dry cold is even worse :p, 
  because we are not close to polar circle . 
  however winters in the balkans are short , cold , dump with considerable snowfall . 
  yours are longer :p, 
  and in the plains is normal . 
  only the coastal areas have milder winters and cooler summers . 
  think in the nordic states ice hockey is more popular than football . 
  i clicked on the link , and it says database error !, 
  i do n't get it . 
  what on earth `` cuckistan '' means ? 
  haha ... it 's funny in a way . 
  i would say the person standing behind the idea of such advertisement had a sense of humor . 
  good to fight smoking . 
  i am no longer smoker , switched to vapor :p, 
  check it out - hygge . 
  republika srpska was created after the end of the war . 
  so serbia proper could n't support financially and military srpska , during the war . 
  my guess is serbia supports the serbian entity within bosnia now , even though serbia proper is not in good economical and financial state . 
  as i said before , so far there is no separatist tendencies in bulgaria . 
  however we do have problems with radical imams and muslims that preach and follow salafi version of their faith . 
  and i can not answer your question about turkey backing up bulgarian turks . 
  there are rumors spreading in the internet about that matter . 
  no respectable and independent source can confirm those rumors . 
  i was surprised of bulgaria ranking - 29 . 
  and 22nd place for science and technology was a complete shock , as r&d investment here is one of the lowest in europe . 
  in fact danish culture is popular and well advertised in europe . 
  have n't you heard of the hygg ( or something like that ) trend ? 
  danish cookies are also widely popular . 
  romania stronk !, 
  in space . 
  nobody curved anything out of bosnia . 
  the three main ethnicity started a civil war which actually nobody in the world could not understand what do you fight for . 
  it created different reality and bosnia is no longer in the state it used to be in the time of yugo as federal entity . 
  now you are some sort of federation or quasi federation , and the scars of the civil war are still visible in your society . 
  in my opinion the current construction of bosnia is unstable and nothing more than a keg of powder . 
  splitting it up peacefully will be great achievement . 
  as far as i know bulgaria and our minorities so far live a peaceful life , and no separation tendencies throughout the country have been detected . 
  what you talk about is - turkey invading bulgaria , which is a completely different issue . 
  nobody invaded bosnia , you started civil war . 
  you are delusional . 
  french far-rights want france out of the eu and they are sympathetic towards russia . 
  during the cold war , it was the us that stand behind western europe . 
  without the us , westerners did n't have a chance against soviet union . 
  things has n't changed much . 
  no matter what we think or what we want , russia is a powerful state and it is getting aggressive . 
  demographically as well as resources you would be - dwarfs . 
  military , without the us , you can not compete against russia . 
  i 've met enough western europeans in my life , in fact i do not live and work in bulgaria , and i know how ignorant most of the westerners are . 
  they simply take everything , including high standard and peace in europe as granted , and care about their little pleasures in life a lot . 
  well some recent events showed that peaceful existence is not a permanent state . 
  will the muslims have any other choice ? 
  we are not in the 90s and things have changed . 
  there is no sentiment for muslims around europe and eu has much bigger problems now than supporting one of the parties in bosnia . 
  in other words , muslims got no hope someone within europe to support them . 
  anything is possible and i can assure you that there is a growing russian sentiment in eastern europe as well as growing anti-western movement . 
  if someone told me that 20 years ago , i would of thought he has to be send to a mental hospital . 
  serbians for sure want to and will leave that quasi federation . 
  croats and muslims will have to decide how they gon na split the rest . 
  i do not see a reason for war . 
  if the current situation stays - sleeping keg of powder . 
  the medieval state of bosnia got nothing to do with the contemporary mess called bosnia & herzegovina . 
  and you 'll be too weak if isolationism prevails in the us and former communist states once again become russian zone of influence . 
  well bih is a artificially created state . 
  it should break up and each part to start its peaceful existence . 
  bosnia as entity is a powder keg . 
  nobody knows how much tobacco will cost if that hypothetical ban comes in place . 
  what my words meant - with or without laws against something , if people want they will find other way around . 
  i am afraid that after reading articles during 2016 and as i see how 2017 starts , i begin to think the unthinkable - the breaking up of the eu is a possibility . 
  sure , laws against drugs are harsh all around the globe , but drugs do exist and being sold to everyone who has enough cash to pay them , right ? 
  sure , but after you grew tobacco , there is a complicated process before you actually be able to smoke it . 
  what that legislation will for sure do - boost the black market . 
  i used to smoke , now i use electronic cigarette and i inhale vapor . 
  can tell there is a difference . 
  i would like to completely quit vapor/smoke . 
  many of my friends quit smoking with the help of vaporizers . 
  but it is completely insane to ban sell of cigarettes unless you do n't want to boost the black market . 
  drugs are banned everywhere , but on the other hand one can easily buy drugs if he 's interested .
