  and what is the healthcare in bulgaria ? 
  health insurance is mandatory . 
  there are private healthcare companies as well . 
  still we lack any decent healthcare services , right ? 
  it is not about private or public , it is about organization and efficient spending . 
  in bulgaria college or university degree counts as tertiary education . 
  what about other countries mentioned in the map ? 
  liberal democracy emphasize on personal rights , not on countries . 
  societies where such liberal views have been implemented are more likely to be less patriotic as people see themselves as individuals on the first place and member of ethnicity on the second . 
  i see some exceptions like finland though . 
  divinely beautiful !, 
  well , if my memory does n't lie me , i read somewhere in english , that 18 % of the uk export to the eu are actually all sorts of financial services . 
  second , no firm will open up new offices and move staff for just 8 % of its operations , that is not economically viable . 
  be ready for greater percentage . 
  if i had to create new base elsewhere just because of 8 % of my operational income , i would rather dump that , or move greater part of my business to new location . 
  there is n't anything complicated . 
  trade must be done under rules . 
  wto is a ready protocol of rules and britain as well as all eu countries actually signed wto agreement . 
  uk got no problems to trade with the union under such rules . 
  the problem is the export of financial services to eu by the city , as such export is not part of any trade agreement . 
  so my guess is , and i read something about that issue , that the british government will do its best to make a comprehensive deal with the eu regarding that matter . 
  if both parties can not shake their hands , the city will decline as it 'll lose eu working passport , and financial institutions will have to move part their business operations out of the uk . 
  now let me remind you something as obviously you 're really dumb . 
  in late 80 's of the last century bulgaria expelled over a million of turks , and what did turkey do ? 
  the answer is nothing . 
  i am not proud of the persecution of bulgarian turks done by my country , but when it is a question of putting of a dumbfuck like yourself in his place , the facts are the ones speaking better . 
  now you can go make blowjobs to edrogon-the-wannabe-sultan . 
  anything unclear in my words ? 
  woaaa ... magnificent !, 
  ha ... sounds fun place to live !, 
  what 's the main ethnicity of new caledonia in general and noumea in instance ? 
  dude , the trade between ce/ee and uk is midget if compared to west part of the continent . 
  if we talk business wise , ce/ee will be less effected by briquit . 
  in fact i think the biggest export from eastern countries to britain is manpower . 
  so none of these countries will oppose a sort of free or loose trade deal with the uk , what they 'll pursue is the status of their migrants to uk . 
  now , some other big eu countries may have different business interests and try to take market niches or attract british based ventures after briquit finally happens . 
  yes , trading under wto agreement is the most obvious and the most logical option here . 
  if we talk about financial services , uk and eu must negotiate separate deal . 
  the future will show if both parties can achieve such agreement or not . 
  i personally want briquit to happen as soon as possible . 
  will it be hard or soft - politicians and diplomats will decide during the process of uk leaving the single market . 
  i disagree on that matter . 
  eu is still fully functional . 
  yes it has many problems accumulated during the years to be dealt with . 
  but if there is enough political will , it can be saved . 
  and second , as usa slides into isolationism , there must be someone else to oppose russian aspirations in europe . 
  there is no one better to do the task than the eu . 
  i know people in the west do n't see immediate russian threat and western governments are still feeling comfortable because there are a whole bunch of small countries between russia and and western states that can serve as buffer , but the history has proven that can easily change . 
  cut britain loose , and let all the trade to be done under wto rules . 
  after all it was the britons themselves who voted leave . 
  what london is worried about is the export of financial services , as such issues are not covered by trade agreements . 
  we will see if both uk and eu can make a separate deal regarding city of london . 
  nobody can stop britain to lower corporate and other taxes . 
  and briquit is not the end of the world . 
  the globe will continue spinning , the trade will still be done , ships will continue sailing and people will continue with their daily routines . 
  greece is doomed ever since greek governments started signing those agreements . 
  it could simply default back in time when most of the debt was in private hands and after that to start reforming its obsolete system . 
  instead they chose endless bail outs which did not bring any good for both lenders and borrower . 
  now significant portion must be written off , and the european taxpayers must cover the bill . 
  first of all you call someone nationalist who has left his homecountry years ago and lives in his hostcountry full time excluding holidays . 
  and second , nobody is sending troops , jet fighters or military units to violate the turkish borders . 
  on contrary , the turkish state have done that and continue doing it . 
  these are provocations for armed conflict . 
  well , do n't know about the rest , but the way danish language sounds , i find it closer to dutch . 
  norwegian and swedish on the other hand are alike . 
  i do n't grade them . 
  bergen is very famous because of the old wooden houses and architecture . 
  oslo does n't have such reputation . 
  the old wooden houses by the pier in bergen are very famous . 
  in fact i think it is unesco heritage site . 
  haha ... ever heard of balkan union that crashed the ottoman empire in the beginning of the last century ? 
  if it did happen in the past , it can happen in the future . 
  it is turkey that desires war . 
  no military units passed their borders armed , right ? 
  turks however do that constantly . 
  on many occasions turkish jet fighters violate greek borders . 
  turkish troops are in syria without any invitation or un resolution . 
  so who seeks armed conflict ? 
  i am fully awake . 
  so far only the turks do provoke their neighbors . 
  at the end you gon na get it . 
  who do you think you are to send troops or gunboats behind your borders in your neighboring lands and seas ? 
  who 's searching for conflict ? 
  the ones that do not enter in your country armed or the ones that enter it fully armed ? 
  bulgaria can into mountains !, 
  i am proud of that fact :p, 
  huh ... bergen is the most famous norwegian city !, 
  how come you do n't use it ? 
  why moving to norway if sweden is closer and there is a bridge between the shores ? 
  do n't know , perhaps you should ask him . 
  supposedly some country with big fleet . 
  as he refers them as cods , and those fishes swim in schools , hence - armada . 
  cod is a fish . 
  plural - cods . 
  researched greek name - vakaliaros or something . 
  turkey is indeed powerful state , and can take down each of its neighbors one by one . 
  however it can not and it never did win against coalition . 
  the balkan union smashed them in the beginning of the last century . 
  in fact i do know what military assault means . 
  how long do you think it 'll take for your neighbors to make a coalition against turkey if you continue playing cocky with all of them ?
