  and how can they smoke if selling tobacco to those born after 2015 will be prohibited ? 
  someone else will buy cigarettes for them ? 
  will they use electronic cigarette , even though it is vapor not smoke what you inhale ? 
  hmm ... only 145 respondents from bulgaria . 
  do n't think the results that survey are very representative for my country . 
  i do n't wan na force you to believe in anything . 
  but i know what is the situation in greece and the balkans . 
  can not blame any of these states for taking care of their own citizens on the first place . 
  i am afraid you do not know anything about the situation in the balkans . 
  every winter when weather gets colder than usual homeless people freeze to death . 
  there is a saying in bulgaria - the wealthy ones do n't believe to poor ones . 
  it is very easy to advocate for this and that from a distance and located in cozy , well organized and relatively wealthy place . 
  but reality here is different . 
  corporate tax in bulgaria is 10 % flat , vat 20 % flat , income tax 10 % flat . 
  social and healthcare tax vary on your occupation and plans chosen . 
  so it is not about taxes . 
  i think more important is : educated and skilled workforce , demographics , lack of corruption and efficient jurisdiction . 
  bbc app for windows phone :p, 
  yes , in case of bulgarian flag , it symbolizes the blood of the freedom fighters that lost their lives . 
  homeless natives do suffer because of the cold weather as well . 
  there were many villages without power supply due to snow storms . 
  central heating in a city failed and people could not warm their houses up . 
  schools in many places remain closed cause they can not heat them up to required temperature . 
  but dw is crying about the refugees . 
  guess it is ok for the native homeless and unemployed to suffer but it is a big problem for the refugees . 
  i meant something completely different , which got nothing to do with being or not being welcome . 
  poor sweden , all neighbors making fun of it . 
  did n't know bulgarians joke a lot about macedonians . 
  it 's something new for me . 
  you do n't know if there is gon na be domino or any other effect . 
  so far brequit has n't happened and all that talking is ... speculations . 
  but i really am getting sick and tired of it . 
  my ears hurt of all this brething . 
  ca n't they just leave the eu ? 
  i am unfamiliar with the term unasur . 
  the girl is cold . 
  i can confirm it is quite cold these days . 
  not at all . 
  and in general lifestyle in all of the balkans is unhealthy . 
  the healthy trend started some years ago as sport exercises and governments trying to reduce the numbers of smokers . 
  but mostly young people follow that trend . 
  my guess is - due to unhealthy lifestyle in the balkan region , people get sick more often , and due to government underinvestment in healthcare system , the health services and education are not of good quality :p, 
  our beginning started more than 20 years ago . 
  and we had really hard time , in fact the current euro crisis is like a kid 's game if compared to what the east have been thru . 
  move to eastern europe , then you 'll find out how hard is to be an immigrant :p, 
  i can officially invite bulgaria and all countries that scored lower than us , to join the glorious african union !, 
  hmm ... bulgaria can into african union !, 
  when i looked at the list . 
  it really starts with cheap places , but after that ... copenhagen , stockholm , vienna ... give me a break . 
  very interesting . 
  re-introducing species to the environment after their extinction deserves applause . 
  the way they do it , via interbreeding instead of genetically modifying , which i believe will successfully work , opens vast opportunities for bringing other extinct species back . 
  where did you get that logical assumption ? 
  so if the hotel staff in , let 's say , zakinthos , speaks english it makes the island british colony ? 
  that is the conclusion when using your logic . 
  thailand/siam is independent , period . 
  swedes may want to take it because of the sex tourism , but they failed :p, 
  ca n't you read ? 
  i meant that many swedish women go on holidays abroad with the thoughts of getting laid . 
  i 've seen how they act and behave in greece and turkey . 
  and anyways thailand/siam is independent state :p, 
  oh , did n't know that . 
  i assume the truck and bus manufacturer took the name of the southern swedish place , right ? 
  no it does not mean dry . 
  in fact i do n't know the meaning of the word . 
  there is a word \u0441\u0435\u0447 ( sech ) which means - cut as a noun . 
  but do n't know if correlates to the word `` sechko '' . 
  i think we should boycott all that brexit threads on r/europe . 
  for the last 24 hours i counted 3 posts regarding brequit . 
  it is getting pretty boring . 
  brits can post about brething affair on their subs . 
  you 'd better ask them , not me :p, 
  ok ... whatever . 
  i would n't go to thailand or elsewhere for reason to be getting laid . 
  and i personally do n't go on holidays with the thought of getting someone in my bed . 
  i prefer quite small place where i can relax . 
  what is it exactly they import ? 
  sexually transmitted diseases ? 
  yeah , right . 
  like i have n't seen how swedish women act and behave in greece and turkey . 
  if they act worse in gambia ... then gambia is the place . 
  oh ok , i thought scania is a truck and bus producer . 
  well i can not confirm about gambia , that 's why i posted `` i think '' . heard rumors about european women going to gambia to be getting laid . 
  pretty sure about greece and turkey , when they go to holidays to these countries , they turn to nimfos . 
  are you sami ? 
  your flair says - scania . 
  i 've seen scania trucks . 
  greece , turkey and i think gambia . 
  think we have another word for january , which gradually have been phased out of use . 
  i 've heard that word when i was a kid in some villages . 
  same is in bulgarian . 
  huh ... swedish men are in sex tourism as much as the swedish women ? 
  i am impressed . 
  i am getting fed up . 
  i prefer american model in terms that people rely more on themselves than on state services and benefits . 
  americans were involved in many wars . 
  and wars create - debt . 
  europeans are in debt not because of war conflict , but because of the large social systems and large government and social servants . 
  fifty percents of the social expenditures on the planet are in europe . 
  that requires a lot of money and when the taxation is not enough - debt comes in place .
