  the message is not outrages in any way . 
  i typed the truth . 
  will not continue cause a couple of days ago same discussion happened . 
  uk uses two legal systems , imperial and metric . 
  supermarkets , butchers and so on list prices for both pounds and kilos . 
  that has been posted many times . 
  engineering however as well as science , research , labs , universities and so on , are using exclusively metric , which was also confirmed by british engineers . 
  in fact the young technically educated people in britain , do not understand imperial . 
  so my point was , that uk must make up its mind which system in the future will use and take the decision . 
  dude , in fact while hiking , trekking or running one uses special equipment and apps . 
  i personally use garmin . 
  anyways , none of these is produced for specific country cause those are niche products . 
  once you connect your gps device or app to i-net , you 'll have a choice to switch between metric or imperial . 
  most browsers will give you metric by default , excluding chrome , which gives imperial . 
  point is , u/harvery is using devices produced for any market , including the british one . 
  shops , butchers and so on use imperial cause that system is legal in the uk . 
  however that was not my point , my point was that the uk should make up its mind which system they should continue using in the future . 
  and yes , metric was taught in your schools before you actually joined the eu . 
  some britons old enough have posted and confirmed that in this sub . 
  that 's not true , metric was taught in your schools before you actually joined the eu . 
  britons have posted that as answers . 
  what do you prefer , pounds per square inch or pascals ? 
  oh ... did not know those places are actually very close to high ways and parking lots are available around . 
  i thought it is presentation of hiking tours around iceland , cause you know , there is 55 km icelandic trail which is included among the best hikes in europe . 
  because turkish society wants visa free travel in the eu . 
  if he can achieve that , it 'll make him even more popular . 
  and how is the question posted , connected with briquit ? 
  i think britons start seeing brithing in or around every bottle . 
  reference - jinny in a bottle . 
  amazing scenery !, 
  well represented . 
  can not understand why on earth people making such presentation are using model girls . 
  cause you know what , i do not really believe the girl on the video actually have enough strength and experience to hike to all those places . 
  it looks a bit fake . 
  i think i did point out in my comment that the us of fucking a still uses imperial and has no plans to convert to metric . 
  anything unclear ? 
  trump-the-clown and johnson-the-clown can make a really good pair . 
  those two arrogant morons can really think they are so important that people like me will change lifestyle and will start following every word that comes out of their filthy mouths , but i say i do n't give a horseshit for them . 
  thy can drop dead or live in all the comfort a state can provide , it does not make any difference to me . 
  i see them as arrogant and ignorant cuntfaces . 
  so why on earth metric is legal in the uk ? 
  and how can you forbid someone to put signs in metric as that measurement system is completely and legally accepted in the uk ? 
  could not understand what you actually trying to say , but can detect you 're trying to be sarcastic . 
  do n't worry , i am in a good mood at the moment and do n't want to argue , otherwise the britons of this sub can confirm i can be real pain in the ass and easy upset them . 
  do n't you think it is time for the uk to make up its mind and decide which system it is actually going to use in the future ? 
  all your former colonies gave up imperial in favor for metric . 
  even myanmar announced its plan to convert to metric . 
  the us is the only developed country with no plans of introducing metric cause they say , cost will be many billions of dollars . 
  where in my comment did you see generalizing of any sort . 
  if someone wants i can provide link to the article . 
  in fact i will provide the link now . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2857472/brexit-backing-town-outraged-after-council-erects-eu-style-signposts-with-distances-in-metric-measurements/ ), 
  yeah , there was such article posted on r/europe . 
  some old briton complaining about using metric on road signs installed by municipality instead of using imperial . 
  his argument was - we are supposed to be leaving europe , why on earth they used european measurements for the road signs in my town . 
  such people are extremely conservative indeed , as metric is completely legal in the uk , and secondly it is not european , but international system , recognized and accepted in almost any country in the world . 
  i am afraid you live in parallel reality . 
  check out what cheap capital/cheap money means . 
  first you stated that capital was not cheap cause the euro is a strong currency . 
  now you said it does n't matter if capital is cheap if you can not make business because of screwed economy . 
  when economy is screwed - no cheap money for you , cause as the risk of not paying back your loan increases , the interest increases as well . 
  cause you know what , in any interest there is a risk component . 
  lol , price of the capital is the interest rates . 
  if a country or business can borrow with low interests - that 's cheap , high interest rate - expensive . 
  that got nothing to do with strong or weak currencies . 
  i am hoping trump-the-clown plus boris-the-clown will do the necessary to drive the eu 27 to ever closer union . 
  no hard feelings against britons , but if they imagine britain as some large ship which can simply sail away and anchor near the east coast of the us , they are wrong . 
  continental europe will still be neighboring for great britain even after a hundred years . 
  the uk instead of playing brinkmanship and cocky with the eu , better off do some efforts for smooth briquit as i believe the eu will reply with the same will for civilized break up . 
  nasty and messy divorce should not be considered as option here , as both parties will lose . 
  we are talking about the crisis in southern europe . 
  and the american financial crisis started for the same reason - excessive spending just not by the government , but by the people . 
  lol ... i pointed out we had and still have the same problem in ee . 
  got nothing to do with the euro and germany . 
  after all they could invest the cheap capital in different and more efficient way . 
  it is the price the young ones will have to ( and already paying ) for the excessive spending of their parents . 
  sorry , but the cheap capital flow created demand of many occupations which were not economically viable , that twisted the labor market , which in turn twisted the demand of properly educated workforce . 
  now as all that is in the past you got vast majority of young people educated in fields nobody is demanding . 
  in other words , their education is - useless . 
  we had and still have the same problem in ee , and some countries of the region started policies to get back their skilled and educated migrants from western europe . 
  it does not reach the pre-crisis levels , if you look at the unemployment rates , and specially employment rates you will find out the flaws in stats . 
  remember , gdp can be manipulated and governments very much like to give examples of unemployment , which is not the same as employment rate . 
  in my opinion , south reached its peak in the years before crises broke out . 
  sorry to tell you , but south was spending money inefficiently in macro ( state ) as well as micro ( personal ) level . 
  will give you examples , all these airports spain build in the years of booming without actually proving they were economically viable ( that did n't happen only in spain though ) and on micro level , many spanish families , specially in the cities were taking maids for cleaning their houses and doing other jobs , while they were going out having fun ( that again was not only spaniards , it turned out to be quite common practice in the cities of south ) . 
  compare that with northern part . 
  south started as relatively poor years ago , and being washed with cheap capital flow , lost connection with the reality . 
  the crisis put them back down to earth . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  southern europe reached its peak in the years before the crisis . 
  despite everything else , the crisis put back things into normalization . 
  after all crisis started because of excessive spending on the first place . 
  and european nations are doomed to slide on that list in the future , it is inevitable . 
  nothing wrong with it , completely natural process . 
  less young people/more aging population - less growth and vice versa . 
  if you do n't mind the weather and social contacts , then scandinavian countries are the best option . 
  low crime rates , wealthy states , decent health care , law abiding , calm people , quiet cities . 
  disadvantages - bad weather , very difficult for expats to make friends and social circle , language barrier can be a problem as they really require to do real efforts to learn it . 
  interesting and educational !, 
  oh , poor thing of my home town .
