  think it 'll be better you brits post all brequit stuff in your subreddit and whoever is interested in it and britain in general to comment . 
  you 'll see i do not and will not comment in your sub . 
  do n't even know if there are any british subs . 
  will write that again , i stick to my words . 
  of all foreign tourists i 've met while working in the service , brits were the worse . 
  years ago , brits were not welcome in gran canaria because of all problems they were making while being drunk . 
  will post in r/europe about your brequit - do you think all that brexit thing posted in this sub regularly on daily basis is boring ? 
  haha and so far only 2 people comment on brexit posted in r/europe again . 
  do n't you see people are getting fed up with that issue a lot ? 
  somebody must tell you that . 
  then stop posting about your brequit . 
  every day there is something connected with brexit on this subreddit . 
  yet again , if you look at my comments you 'll notice that the only subreddits are - europe and bulgaria . 
  do n't visit any others . 
  not intersted . 
  i stand behind my words . 
  and as you can see , brits continue posting about their brequit . 
  it is boring . 
  uph ... again brequit mentioned in r/europe . 
  i am unfamiliar that the term - pakis , has offensive properties . 
  i use it as short for pakistanis . 
  so because germany and italy are former nazis and fascists - no place in the council . 
  good , britain is responsible for colonialism , wars and genocide - no place in the council . 
  russia is corrupt , responsible for genocides , attacked its neighbors - no place in the council . 
  usa the only country ever used nukes , responsible for attacking and bombing many countries - no place in the council . 
  i used your logic . 
  really , about 2 millions stormed european borders 2015 ? 
  did that ever happen in australia . 
  give me a break . 
  turkey alone hosts like 3 million syrian refugees . 
  did that ever happen to you ? 
  think you 're trying to compare spears with needles . 
  both have sharp point and long body and that is where resemblance stops . 
  that is a lot of people according to your aussie stereotypes . 
  now compare that with africa , non-african arab states , and pakistan + afghanistan . 
  dude do you even have the smallest idea just how many pakis and afghans are storming the borders . 
  and do not forget , you do not have land border with anyone . 
  europe on the other hand - many kilometers long , which makes it more accessible . 
  ha ha ha , you got the same tradition in transylvania ? 
  do not bother me . 
  i have met enough brits and made my opinion . 
  not interested in britain and brits . 
  they might as well all drop dead or make their country heaven . 
  it does n't make any difference to me . 
  australia is a federation with central government and local authorities . 
  further more , australia is not neighboring areas with large populations like europe . 
  and even more , australia has never been in such migrant pressure as europe is in recent years . 
  these three differences make it fundamentally difficult for europe to implement the aussie experience . 
  do n't think many will comment . 
  they do not know the tradition of dancing in the ice cold water in this particular day . 
  did not know i was in the middle of a battle . 
  as i said , brits are the rudest and most miserable hooligans i 've ever met . 
  that is how they acted , and these are my impressions . 
  will repeat again - never been to britain , never wanted to visit uk and never will . 
  chose different country to reside and different holiday destination . 
  do not bother me . 
  hahaha ... go to the sunny beach during the summer to see what brits do , and how they act . 
  yes i judge the people according to their behavior and actions , not according what they think of themselves . 
  do not bother me . 
  still you are a small spot on the globe . 
  the council in the un was constructed after the ww2 . 
  the ones that win the war became permanent members . 
  at that time , the british empire was still present . 
  these days are gone and will never be back . 
  germany for example is big economic power , does n't it deserve place in the council ? 
  italy is also economic power - place in the council ? 
  brazil is a big country , demographically very potent and many believe future economic power - place in the council ? 
  india , demographic super power , nukes , powerful army , predicted economic power - place in the council ? 
  yes , it is the lowest as it is connected with gdp per capita in nominal . 
  now devide the money for agriculture estonia gets per person . 
  it is not hypothetical question . 
  on several occasions we did not have access to eu funds while still contributing to eu budget . 
  check it out . 
  and it is not true we 've always taken more than we received . 
  in the beginning we gave more . 
  if france leaves - that will be the end of the eu . 
  brexit is not a big deal for the eu . 
  the netherlands is a small country , not big consequences if they leave as well . 
  i personally do not like dutch people . 
  they 're ... well to\u043e proud . 
  heard expression - you ai n't worth much if you ai n't dutch . 
  i did hear that on several occasions while working in the service years ago . 
  wanted to kick their heads while they were having supper . 
  oh yes , so i should allow some drunken miserable dumbfucks to try punching women . 
  they are happy i really did not send them in hospital to be fixed . 
  you are very narrow minded . 
  do not bother me with your delusional thoughts and comments . 
  because we need to be part of e big union . 
  if we 're not part of the eu , we will be probably part of some russian lead form of quasi union . 
  in the modern world small countries may survive only if unite with other small states . 
  that for money and so on ... bulgarians did not know about eu funds , and as far as i know these funds will stop existing in 2020 . 
  agriculture subsidies ... we receive very little of the eu . 
  i understand it makes you feeling superior by posting such irrelevant statement . 
  but i know many people in different countries that do not care about brexit , after all it has n't happened yet . 
  and i do not live only in bulgaria . 
  in fact i spend my holiday in bulgaria at the moment . 
  when i was young and worked in the service do you know how many western tourists i wanted to beat the living shit out of them i encountered ? 
  they were acting worse than animals . 
  well in two occasions i did not stop myself . 
  i am hoping brexit to happen as soon as possible .
