  they think of their island as sort of a large ship that can sail anywhere on the globe . 
  hence they are not very fond of continental europe or any other continent . 
  i am not talking about superiority . 
  metric system is more comprehensible and sensible if compared to imperial one . 
  that is the reason why it won international recognition and countries adopted it . 
  the cat does n't look like stray one . 
  with big head and a tie i would say it is a male . 
  in other words - tom . 
  i have n't seen anything like that . 
  what is the name and the habitat of the flower ? 
  the stones around are flower 's environment !, 
  the us has n't switched to metrics with the argument that it 'll cost them many billions of dollars . 
  now britain as a smaller country , can adopt metric system at much lower cost . 
  sorry but i do not see any national pride of using a measurement system which all of your former colonies changed to the metric one . 
  metric won against imperial on international level , that 's a fact !, 
  it is impressive to me , that 's why i took the shot . 
  hiking mountains and suddenly stumble upon tiny , beautiful flower in the middle of nowhere . 
  after all remember it is a wild flower , nobody water it or grown it in a pot . 
  blueberries and strawberries picking is automated ? 
  that will be quite hard task . 
  dude , ambassadors can be rejected without explanations . 
  apparently cats of rome have taste for architecture and sculptures . 
  they also look very calm , in good health , slimmer than their istanbul and athens counterparts , intelligent and ready to pose for pictures . 
  in other words - absolute cuties , 
  hmm the main island of the uk is called - great britain . 
  see they got the word great in their name . 
  well the guys participated in the march are actually hitler 's fans !, 
  there is nothing undemocratic about them i guess . 
  so now you decide for authorities . 
  democracy dude is the rule of law , and the law is made by the elected authorities . 
  mayor as well as the municipality council are democratically elected , and they have banned the march . 
  do you see anything undemocratic here ? 
  besides that according to the laws of bulgaria all political or any other organizations created on ethnicity/religion/extreme ideology can not be officially registered by the state . 
  hence they are illegal by law . 
  anything unclear ? 
  and you worship satan by choice . 
  bulgaria needs urgently to start investing in cleaner energy and reduce the amount of old cars . 
  sure , and you are a carnivore . 
  cats can not go against their nature of hunters , just as we can not go against our nature of carnivores . 
  did you actually read the article ? 
  the authorities officially banned the march . 
  they could not prevent it though . 
  what form of fascism you actually see , remains mystery . 
  the authorities officially banned the neo-nazi march , however they could not prevent it happening . 
  did you or any of you commenting here read the article ? 
  i feel so ashamed . 
  as a bulgarian who resides abroad i am against any form of fascism and nazism as well as more than normal nationalism . 
  shame on the authorities that could not prevent neo-nazi march happening again in the capital . 
  it was confirmed in other sub that the flower is crocus sativus a.k.a. 
  what you just typed is complete crap . 
  have the satan himself told you that ? 
  cause as far as i know , cats can not use any human language to communicate with us . 
  hiker here . 
  are the trails there well marked ? 
  any organized groups with guides ? 
  what is the average distance and how long it takes to complete the chosen trail ? 
  huh ... cats are cute everywhere on the globe . 
  cats do n't have religion and people of different religious denominations love them . 
  istanbul stray cats were looking very cute and playful , 
  it looks like the kitty loves to pose for pictures and knows how to behave , 
  they are sooo cute . 
  look in good health , well fed and apparently playful . 
  they also like to pose for pictures , 
  see ... means lake in german , right ? 
  beautiful scenery , with the mountain tops in the back and the blue water combined with green grass in the front , 
  huh ... lush vegetation at that time of the year !? 
  beautiful view though !, 
  none of us mentioned the word victim . 
  we are talking about the fact that chains and retailers in general are selling low quality stuff in ee if compared to same brands in we . 
  i do not remember how much i paid for the acer , it was years ago . 
  but what i have noticed with the home appliances in bg is that they not last as long as the ones in western europe . 
  i believe it is very possible the importers to buy not-so-good-quality asian made things and sell them as good quality in bg . 
  however , it is not only my opinion about the low quality of goods in my home country , foreigners living there say the same . 
  sorry to tell you , but most of the goods , food , clothes , appliances and so on sold by the chains in bg is junk . 
  if you think you got really good choice of tvs in bg , then you 're wrong . 
  tvs and in general home appliances in bulgaria are more expensive and last less than the ones in western world . 
  for example , the only laptop i 've bought in bg was acer , and after two years of using it , problems with the screen started . 
  same goes for washing machines . 
  shoes even though cheap , are of low quality , and the good ones are more expensive than in western europe . 
  for the clothes i do n't wan na talk , even the mass produced cheap h&m branded clothes in bulgaria are beyond any quality standards . 
  ha ... i am currently on a greek island . 
  walking in the nature , hiking , jogging , fishing and enjoying my holiday . 
  you guys up there need to come down here . 
  going north next week :(, 
  where and when was the shot taken ? 
  yesterday a redditor posted picture from gdansk taken from his office and there was no snow . 
  otherwise it is amazing to see such big wild animal on a road . 
  they look cute , calm and well fed . 
  i guess people give them food , 
  sure , that is the reason for selling low quality tobacco that smells like shit in ee compared to tobacco sold in we which has rich taste and flavor . 
  same as detergents , i buy same brands in ee and we and as i can compare i can tell you , the ones sold in ee are of low quality , they do not wash as good as the ones in we . 
  same goes for food . 
  same goes for home appliances . 
  and the list can continue ... 
  because it is not eu job to do something about this . 
  national authorities must step in . 
  by the way this is the first time i read something about that problem . 
  at least hungarians did point out the low quality of goods sold throughout ee . 
  to tell you even the cigarettes sold in the ee are of low quality . 
  marlboro smells and tastes completely different in germany if compared to the packets sold in bulgaria .
