  now nigel farrage is a clown in my opinion . 
  the world is globalized these days . 
  if clowns think they 'll be better off on their own instead of being part of large entity like the eu - well they are delusional . 
  i do not mind if the netherlands leave the eu as well and make union with the uk , if uk survives cause scots ai n't happy with brequit . 
  and i can start complaining that westerners brought drugs to our countries , i can complain that prostitution raised because of the western tourists coming here to be getting high and getting laid and so on . 
  but i do n't . 
  you know why ? 
  no it is not a topic in bulgaria , and it is not a topic in the country where i permanently reside . 
  mind you , according to law there are no official criminal stats according to ethnicity in my host country . 
  but in general media is much more busy with refugees , terrorism and wars in the middle east . 
  britain - not mentioned . 
  no you did not get that right . 
  i wrote what are the main european worries at the moment - refugee crisis , terrorism , wars in the middle east . 
  british section of and american magazine wrote an article for the uk economy , and brits , obviously very proud , post that on r/europe . 
  think it is internal british affair . 
  they can discuss that in their subreddits . 
  brexit is not a topic in the news in any european country . 
  and as i said - getting tired of all that brequit in r/europe . 
  it has n't started yet to be discussed . 
  ha ha ha ... you lie . 
  nobody even mentions brexit in day-to-day communication in bulgaria . 
  inside mongolia !, 
  to pull your leg , why do you think . 
  stop thinking you and your exit is a topic . 
  refugee crisis , terrorist attacks and the wars in the middle east are the real concerns of europe at the moment . 
  ha ha ha ... you expect me to get back to you in april ? 
  you 'll be waiting . 
  to pull your leg . 
  stop thinking you 're exit is so important to bother the rest with it . 
  there are much bigger problems in europe at the moment . 
  if you look at my profile you 'll see i never posted in some british subreddit , in fact do n't know if there are any british subreddit . 
  never been interested it to know . 
  no i do n't . 
  read my first comment - getting tired of all that bresomething . 
  and if you read my comments you 'll notice i use american english , not the british version . 
  never been to britain , never wanted to visit and never will visit the uk . 
  but yes i am pulling your legs brits . 
  you should find out that refugee crisis , terrorism and wars in the middle east are the issues of great concern in the continent at the moment , not the brexit . 
  see you brits really think you 're so special that everybody should be concerned about your exit and your internal affairs . 
  well , people in europe are much more worried about all the refugee problems and terrorist attacks than your brequit . 
  there are much more news for the war in syria and no news for bresomething . 
  this is the brexit thread i am posting . 
  and it is because i am getting tired of all that brequit thing on / r/europe . 
  on your own subreddit you can talk about your exit as long as you want . 
  i do not visit any british subreddits , not interested in discussing any issue with brits . 
  i do not deal with predictions . 
  one prediction i read on american magazine was - that if britain leaves the eu , it 'll turn into nation of lobbyists . 
  now you are still part of the eu . 
  still part of the single market . 
  still part of the economically the most powerful entity . 
  once you leave i personally see you as small spot on a globalized world competing against much bigger and potent countries and unions . 
  leave the eu as well , and form union with the uk . 
  is n't that what wilders want ? 
  strange map . 
  france and britain changed places !, 
  lol ... weird map !, 
  do not worry , once you exit the eu , you 'll be absolutely free to express your special mindset in the uk and elsewhere . 
  who will pay attention to british different attitude ? 
  that for now remains a mystery . 
  in our globalized world - britain is just a small spot on the globe . 
  i am hoping for fast , clean and hard exit as well . 
  hopefully after that brits will not bother the rest of the continent with their special/different mindset/attitude . 
  ha ha ha , you wanted such treatment . 
  however once you leave the eu you will receive your special treatment you 've been dreaming about . 
  you 'll be treated as all other non-eu members . 
  reality is , that nobody cares about brexit . 
  it is not in the news . 
  nobody follows what happens in britain . 
  we do n't give a damn about brequit nor for the uk . 
  it is you thinking you 're so special that everybody else is worried about your exit . 
  you are not special . 
  just a country like any other country . 
  back in time you were empire . 
  these days are over . 
  brits are not special , they are just people like all other people . 
  you believe you 're special but nobody else believes in that . 
  voted - leave . 
  so be it . 
  nobody 's going to cry for the uk leaving the eu . 
  personally i will not cry if the influx of drunken british hooligans in bulgaria decreases . 
  one person , but others supported him , right ? 
  and once brits voted - leave , crimes based on xenophobia increased 2 or 3 fold , right ? 
  and as eu member you always acted and wanted to be treated as the special kid on the block , right ? 
  now you can take your `` destiny '' in your own hands . 
  please do it as quickly as possible . 
  not many people on the continent will feel sorry for britain leaving the eu . 
  even sooner if possible . 
  and i am hoping it 'll not take years to finish the process . 
  brits voted to leave . 
  they do not want freedom of movement . 
  some even made cards saying - no more polish vermin . 
  so leave the eu as soon as possible . 
  i do not mind `` hard brexit '' . 
  think it 'll be better for both , the uk and the eu . 
  getting tired of all that brexit , brenter , brequit , brejoin and so on . 
  it is not in the news in my part of europe for months . 
  hopefully the british government will start the procedure of leaving the eu as soon as possible . 
  haha when you do not accept new government or wan na kick government , usually protests start and if it do n't work - revolts . 
  i participated in protests and later revolts ( street blockades ) in bulgaria winter 1996-1997 . 
  none of that happened in crimea .
