  will explain to american clown how to find local european subs . 
  scroll to top of the page , see the map on the right corner , hover the cursor over it , then click on some flag and that 's it . 
  anything unclear ? 
  i do n't care if you judge me according to your stereotypes or not . 
  brits already tried to offend me - without success . 
  will continue acting like that no matter if you 're getting angry or pleased . 
  the main difference is pronunciation . 
  some names of animals are also different . 
  and minor spelling differences . 
  there was an article about bulgaria on this sub today . 
  it was about our newly elected pro-russian president . 
  but in general we post mostly in our sub . 
  not true , i do not comment on all of them . 
  but if i see some interesting comments , i do step in . 
  and brits get quite angry with my comments lol . 
  and this is not an article about brexit , have n't you noticed . 
  unfamiliar with the term - titbit . 
  and if you have read some of my comments you would have noticed the american spelling . 
  no , i have n't seen anti-british sentiment before all the special deals cemeron ( not sure for the spelling ) wanted to make with the eu . 
  and after the brequit vote - anti-british sentiment started to show up . 
  mind you i heard people expressing dissatisfaction with british tourist as they tend to drink a lot and being rude . 
  if you describe that as anti-british ? 
  my language as i believe you can see the flair is not english . 
  in fact i leaned american english , not the british version . 
  dude or american clown , whatever i call you is not an insult . 
  collapsing of the eu will trigger a war in the good old europe . 
  russia will rise as russians are pretty good at pressing small or weakened countries and your favorite usa or should i call it trumstate must step in . 
  britain is free to trade with whoever they want . 
  the rules of wto are good enough for trading between countries . 
  i guess the same rules will apply between eu and uk once the brexit is accomplished . 
  i do n't know about that , but they turned to be speechless . 
  clowns . 
  helloooo ... those planes will have to fly thru nato aerospace and it is not sure they will get the permission need it . 
  unfortunately bozhidar_madzharov does n't give a damn if somebody on reddit likes him or hates him . 
  some brits even tried to be `` smart '' and posted a picture of a fat guy sitting in front of computer and said i look like him . 
  my reply was - i use my real names and you can find my facebook profile and see what i really look like . 
  their answer was - silence lol, 
  sure , and you are pro-trump-the-clown . 
  however so far nobody described me as pro-eu . 
  but if i have to choose between anti-british and anti-european i pick up the first one . 
  the same stand for pro-eu and pro-british . 
  anti-british sentiment is spreading all over europe , and brits themselves do n't do anything to try diverting that trend . 
  on the contrary with their arrogance they even help accelerating it . 
  just as i read the articles posted on this sub regarding britain and comments of brits - i am becoming more anti-british . 
  i think i heard on the tv british government mentioning 3 million brits , and more than 4 million eu citizens in britain . 
  all numbers i quote by memory . 
  well that is very interesting . 
  i think that development of the rover and sending it to the moon cost more than the prize . 
  no you have something like 3 millions in the eu . 
  most of them retirees of course . 
  everywhere i go i meet brits living in foreign lands . 
  by the way brexit will put pressure on your healthcare system , cause all these elderly people living abroad will have to get medical treatment in britain , unless your government do n't make a deal with eu , which will be a bit difficult . 
  yes , they think of it as conquest . 
  we sail everywhere and we settle everywhere and we do whatever we want anywhere on the globe . 
  we are welcome on every corner of the world , cause we are the smartest , the biggest and the best at anything you can think about . 
  coming to our misty and swampy islands however is a privilege , and we choose who to invite and who to reject . 
  yes , but i do n't see such big amount of articles regarding germany or france , both big economies and major players in europe . 
  and almost no articles from spain or norway , both european countries . 
  brits are flooding this sub , that is my opinion . 
  by closing off it 's maritime border for russian navy or cargo ships that can deliver large russian military equipment to serbia . 
  by closing its borders to russian troops that can be dislocated in serbia . 
  do n't worry , probably the eu countries do n't want free movement with britain as well . 
  no i would like to ask a simple question , why are there so many articles posted on r/europe regarding britain ? 
  for example as this article deals with internal british problem , think it would of been better to be posted on uk sub . 
  where did they get the assumption that adding montenegro to nato will cost them anything ? 
  really small and mountainous state . 
  no real enemies . 
  adding it will cut serbia proper from their only way to get significant russian military help . 
  think russia does n't know that the president as institution in bulgaria has very little executive power and very little influence of day-to-day political life in the country . 
  so far bulgarians have never kicked out a president . 
  governments and parliaments on the other hand had experienced the wrath of the people . 
  wooaaa nice picture . 
  very interesting sky color !, 
  hahaha i am not unhappy , in fact i make fun of you brits living on your misty swampy island , feeling so proud that you even think the whole universe spins around your big egos . 
  clowns . 
  nobody is going to cry when you leave the eu . 
  in this case prepare to sail away with the british navy for re-conquering former crown colonies that were so arrogant to break away from the glorious empire . 
  yes , ever read me claiming bulgaria being average on global trade ? 
  please leave as soon as possible . 
  do not lose all the energy coming from the exciting and energizing speech of your prime minister . 
  order johnson-the-clown to start negotiations as soon as possible with only one message he has to deliver - we , the glorious britain , the descendants of the glorious empire , we the global leading trade power , we the the smartest , the biggest and the best in anything you can think about , are leaving this degenerate eu . 
  and you can not do anything but burn to hell . 
  average on global trade , that 's what i meant . 
  you were conquered long time ago , and you did not manage to become independent . 
  so no worries , do n't prepare yourself for fighting british invasion . 
  you 'll be average . 
  are you surprised ? 
  now , the british economy is big enough to be self-sufficient to a certain degree . 
  nobody denies that britain will stay a major player on global scale in the nearest future . 
  but do n't think in long term britain can sustain pressure of much bigger entities trying to carve out portions of world economy for themselves . 
  your assumption of barring the uk from trade with the eu is completely ignorant and wrong . 
  all trade can be done under wto rules , and i believe that is better option for both uk and eu . 
  england however wants special deal for export of financial service to eu . 
  such deals are not covered by wto agreement and not part of any trade deals . 
  again calling 450 million people market which comprises one of the most developed and richest countries on the planet - a toothless tiger - is complete nonsense . 
  and stating that most of the eu citizens live outside cities shows big arrogance and huge ignorance . 
  scots definitely will make a second independence referendum . 
  i can not predict what the outcome will be . 
  on the contrary of what you may be thinking , i personally believe brexit is good thing for eu , as britain was blocking further integration . 
  do not want to talk about all asylum seekers .
