  the numbers speak for that matter . 
  the amount of migration from the middle east and africa has significantly dropped in 2016 . 
  the newly elected president is pro-russian of compared to the former one . 
  however as a non-professional politician and as a person without any political experience there are two possibilities : he actually gains enough political strength to distance himself from bsp and push his own ambitions , or becomes easily manipulated unnoticeable parody of president . 
  impossible . 
  add a sword as well and you 'll be fully prepared to fight for your country in the future british invasion . 
  ha ha ha , i am afraid you consider your illusions a reality . 
  first of all , brexit has n't happened yet , so nobody knows what the real impact will be . 
  second hard brexit is the only option as britain wants an access to eu market but without the four fundamental freedoms , which in this case means - no leverage to negotiate anything . 
  third , trump is a conservative isolationist and making a trade deal with him will be difficult for both , uk and eu , besides no trade deals include financial services which is a big portion of the uk export . 
  fourth , you can not compare greece and uk , the former never was a global leader , neither industrial power , the latter was all that at some point in the past , hence both countries have completely different base for their development . 
  increasing military spending got nothing to do with trump-the-clown , it was an agreement which nato countries signed more than a year ago , my guess calculations already have been considered , plus that might boost certain part of economy . 
  the migrant flow and grip on europe has generally declined and steps have been taken for expulsion of illegal immigrants . 
  calling a market comprising 450 million people ( without the uk ) and some of the biggest economies on the globe `` a toothless tiger '' is delusional . 
  and last but not least , watch out before the eu break up that uk may split up as scots ai n't happy with hard brequit . 
  britain has a secret and super classified plan to reconquest its former colonies and add new ones in order to become a global leader on trade . 
  the world must watch out !, 
  ha ... make things like that so you do n't have a deficit and turn into surplus nation . 
  nobody made germany surplus nation , it is the germans themselves that achieve it . 
  stay in your misty swamps . 
  clowns . 
  trump-the-clown will make a trade war with the rest of the world . 
  he 's trying to make the states a glorious manufacturing , trading and intellectual empire the wrong way . 
  tripe soup is actually quite delicious . 
  it is also rich in collagen . 
  squid ink in spain !, 
  in greece they cook rise with cuttlefish ink . 
  salted pig fat is also something we do have in bulgaria . 
  it is not a dish though . 
  it is their fellows that voted leave , right ? 
  now they will have to bear the consequences . 
  you sound like boris-the-clown . 
  and your troops are not much of a strength in eastern europe . 
  they have symbolic presence . 
  and if there are any dislocated in ee , it is because of nato . 
  nobody stops you to introduce 10 % corporate tax . 
  bulgaria has the same . 
  and i believe trading under the rules of wto is good enough for both sides . 
  yes , sink your savings in stocks !, 
  i think , it is good enough uk and eu to trade under the rules of wto . 
  no special deals , no exclusions , no exceptions . 
  everything will be simple and clear . 
  johnson-the-clown is yank ? 
  now that is something new lol . 
  huh ... i feel sorry for all these retirees . 
  they will have to move back to uk , and as they are old , that will put the healthcare system at pressure . 
  haha ... in fact i do use my real name . 
  so if you check on facebook . 
  you 'll find my real pictures . 
  it 's americans that have to react on that article . 
  i am tired of all that carp . 
  may warns...johnson-the-clown warns...johnson-the-clown mentions the nazi 's in regard future negotiations with eu and so on . 
  who they think they are ? 
  politicians of misty island , they have the right to warn the brits . 
  should i warn them i will knock down brits if they are arrogant enough to come across me , as i did put down two british pissheads some years ago ? 
  clowns . 
  i speak 4 languages , in both oral and written level and i use 3 alphabets for those languages without being oxford educated , and not even working with people . 
  technical stuff is my field . 
  johnson-the-clown can only warn brits as he 's in the british government . 
  how will brits react if brussels warns london about something regarding scotland ? 
  clowns . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i know hsbc announced it 'll relocate part of its business ( i guess regarding euro clearings ) to paris . 
  will not be surprised if other banks do the same . 
  will the price rise ... have no clue . 
  euro clearings can be done only in eu member state/states . 
  so no matter what are the plans of the city of london about moving to ny , staying in london or migrating to hong kong , they will have to have branches in europe for clearings . 
  otherwise they will have to abandon that particular business . 
  johnson-the-clown can warn the brits about whatever he wants . 
  who he thinks he is to warn eu about anything ? 
  he 's a member of the british government not a member of any eu institution . 
  how on earth uk politicians will react if someone from brussels warns london about anything regarding scotland ? 
  clown . 
  say whaaaat ? 
  do we live on different planets ? 
  bulgaria built a fence all along the turkish border . 
  hungary did build fences as well . 
  greek islands were the weak point , but i assume it is quite difficult to seal off maritime border . 
  nobody stopped anybody . 
  the other weak point - italy , has the same problem as greece . 
  that may happen , and british citizens will not be feeling comfortable . 
  and i ai n't scared of brits at all , while working in the service had to put two down , it was an easy task . 
  i am not playing anything . 
  i do not have the feeling i live in any empire . 
  obviously you know something more than me . 
  so please be kind and enlighten me . 
  libertarians are lost in the current situation . 
  they support and spread in the societies completely different political values than the well established left - right political streams with all of their nuances . 
  people just trust more to previously well established political traditions and ideologies rather than encouraging drift . 
  really ? 
  since when i live in the german empire ? 
  please enlighten me , cause so far i did not know i live in any empire !, 
  in fact i 've met quite many english tourists . 
  and in my personal opinion - they are arrogant . 
  however i 've never visited england and never wanted to . 
  it is good that unemployment is at the lowest for the last 12 years . 
  it is good that the pound has gained strength . 
  it is good that britain is leaving the eu . 
  however it is not good you politicians using arrogant language regarding europe just because the average ignorant english doe feels like britain is the center of a glorious empire by such words . 
  that can trigger anti-english sentiment on the continent .
