  if someone without any background in foreign language learning , tries esperanto , it will be as hard as french or english . 
  technically balkan peninsula is separate plate from eurasian tectonic plate . 
  scientifically the balkans are part of african plate tectonics that drifted north faster than africa itself . 
  apenines also are part of the same plate that broke off from africa and collided with europe , that is how the alps were formed . 
  if eu at some point of the future becomes a federation , of course it will need lingua franca . 
  will that ever happen ? 
  i seriously doubt . 
  on international level , english is widely accepted , it is the language of business and diplomacy . 
  esperanto , as far as i know , is a language without any native speakers . 
  a project which so far did not gain enough popularity . 
  do n't see how unpopular language will turn into eu official one . 
  why do you work nights at your office ? 
  is it a call center or customer support center servicing different timezones ? 
  i visited the acropolys twice , and have been in monastiraki area at least 6 times , but never saw that district . 
  it is probably located on the other side of the hill . 
  do n't remember seeing such fortress on the central hill !, 
  hmm , same story everytime . 
  at the end , greek government will agree to do some reforms and lenders will unblock the money . 
  getting tired of all that . 
  more interesting will be when the third rescue programme is over . 
  will there be a 4th one , or greece will have to manage completely on its own . 
  later i will repost the link on the swedish discord server , to see what swedes will say . 
  have n't visited that district , do n't even know it existed and where to find it . 
  it looks very greek with the small white buildings and pots with flowers . 
  must search for it next time i visit athens !, 
  huh , we have the right to bash at the eu , specially after such , i would say , foolish statement . 
  just look at r/europe , everything is in english and suddenly someone tells us that the language we are using to communicate will lose importance !, 
  give me a break !, 
  is he out of his mind ? 
  english is official in republic of ireland , which happens to be eu member . 
  english is taught in schools throughout the continent . 
  how on earth he sees english language losing importance ? 
  suddenly all eu member states after briguit adjusting their education systems and switching to different language simultaneously !? 
  such statement , coming out of eu official , is beyond me !, 
  i believe there is a conspiration against you !, 
  hmm , vaxholm is full of ... houses !, 
  spectacular scenery with completely and undoubtedly invisible church !, 
  i do not see any church , is it because it is invisible ? 
  the uk had the full control over when to trigger article 50 . 
  the uk government had full control whether or not and when to call for general elections . 
  whoever is searching for some sort of eu plot behind british politics is simply blind . 
  second , little bit off topic , i am surprised and disappointed about the way negotiations between the two parties are conducted . 
  the word money and bills are used way too often . 
  was this all about the money and not for some fundamentally different visions of the future development of the eu !, 
  where is the coffee ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i can imagine how outraged will be bulgarian teens if the country decides to reintroduce conscription . 
  back in time when i served as a soldier , there were almost no opt-outs , it was mandatory to be in the armed forces . 
  bulgaria has border controls with all of our neighbors . 
  it is not that bad for normal passengers or cars . 
  if we talk about commercial vehicles ... i can not say anything , just do n't know . 
  i personally view them all as brits , tourists that drink huge amounts of alcohol in all sorts of locations on the globe , and getting loud and noisy while drunk . 
  some even get aggressive . 
  water , sometimes wine . 
  i am asking the easterners on their opinions of the westerners after we see growing nationalism and populism in the west , and if the easterners still sympathetic towards westerners . 
  have n't mentioned countries . 
  can answer for myself , that during the years , after living abroad and visiting several places , my opinion dramatically changed . 
  in my eyes west used to have such romantic view and westerners to be so romantically tolerant , almost adorable . 
  all that 's gone , and i am turning into hmm ... should say anti-western of a sort . 
  that is correct . 
  definition according to un . 
  do not ask about south and north . 
  laptop - google and chrome . 
  phone/tablet - bing and internet explorer . 
  in bulgaria lidl stores are considered hypermarkets , even though kaufland and metro stores are larger . 
  supermarket is considered something like bila . 
  western europeans are so ignorant about the eastern part of the continent , that it makes them arrogant . 
  hence they feel superior . 
  think the food hypermarkets in bulgaria are - kaufland , lidl , metro ... there used to be carrefour , but i think the chain left bulgaria . 
  do n't know should i include bila , as their stores are in supermarket ( not hypermarket ) category . 
  italy is not included in the question he/she posted . 
  it is quite clear which countries the redditors must comment and give opinions . 
  there is snuff one can roll it and put it under lip . 
  the main difference for me is the taste and strength . 
  american one is really strong , and one can not swallow the saliva . 
  it has different taste as well . 
  swedish snus is milder , it comes in portions , has better flavor and one can swallow saliva . 
  it is a general misconception thinking of all snuff as sniff-snuff . 
  i tried both , and in fact have snus at home , brand - kronan . 
  in my own observations , swedes indeed smoke less if compared to western europeans , easterners and a lot less than southerners . 
  however , many swedes do use snus/snuff . 
  which is also a bad habit even though it is not harmful for the people around you . 
  politicians in eastern europe want to get to parliaments or to ruling position because they can easily enrich themselves . 
  everything else like working for the well-being of the people , preparing and voting for proper legislation and dealing with long term problems and strategies , comes in second or third place . 
  salaries in bulgaria are jokes if compared to cost of living . 
  spent a month back in my hometown and that costed me around 1000 euros , while the average salary is something in between 300 to 350 euros . 
  can not understand how a lonely young person can survive with such small salary . 
  huh ... what 's the point ? 
  if private companies want to invest in designing and manufacturing of new brand smartphones and tablets - good . 
  i do n't see why eu should invest billions in such business venture . 
  drunken tourists . 
  weird language . 
  you forgot christo , the famous artist , even though many people do n't even know he is bulgarian . 
  real name - hristo yavashev !, 
  australia is anglophone country . 
  it is connected much more with anglo-sphere than with the continent itself . 
  and if we talk about trade , they have better connections with asia than europe . 
  i would n't describe aus , nz , usa or canada ( excluding quebec ) as european of any sort . 
  why should europe punish all americans because of their president trump-the-clown . 
  let 's wait a bit and see how this situation will develop in a year or two .
