  i agree , retailers do sell low quality goods in ee . 
  starting from clothes , tvs , detergents and finishing with food . 
  yes , very interesting source indeed !, 
  i could not understand your statement . 
  lol ... how can a blind person discover a place yet alone name it !, 
  dude , a lot of dutchies bought houses in the mountain and forest regions in bulgaria . 
  was watching an interview , some time ago , a dutch explained to a journalist why he bought a house in the woods . 
  he 's argument was - in the netherlands only the king can afford to live in a forest , here i feel like a king in my own forest . 
  lol . 
  why is it called black forest ? 
  i see beautiful nature in the picture with cascade waterfalls !, 
  and what i say after that ? 
  cause what you actually are trying is to take my words out of context . 
  so after that i typed - they rely on tourism , of course as it is not the summer season at the moment , there are less opportunities to find a job . 
  once the tourists come , they 'll start working . 
  i think i wrote why i think you 're spoiled . 
  do n't want to repeat myself . 
  read . 
  the scenery is incredible , the picture is not . 
  it 's been photoshopped or too much hdr . 
  for sure it is not long exposure . 
  one can not get such colors in such dim light , it must be digitally enhanced . 
  yes , but britain simply can not sail away like a ship , and the continent can not get rid of uk by simply ignoring them in the future . 
  no matter what , uk is still part of europe ( not the eu ) and continental nations as well as britons must cope with that fact . 
  neither of both are demons . 
  if nothing else , nasty and messy divorce will not be civilized . 
  i disagree it is fortunately , on the other hand it is unfortunately . 
  i believe nobody in his right mind will want a nasty and messy divorce even for one reason - britain is not a large ship which can simply sail away and anchor near ... florida . 
  uk as well as the eu will have to cope in the future . 
  if politicians want to fuck up , then the people should rise up and tell them that neither britons , nor continentals are demons and no matter what , they will continue being neighbors even after a hundred years . 
  is it that green at the moment , or the shot was taken during spring/summer time ? 
  where have you seen in my posts complaining ? 
  i made a statement !, 
  and where have you seen me typing in my comments that greeks do not work ? 
  never said anything like that . 
  i may get the incorrect reasons why you guys complain a lot , but in my point of view - state spoiled you . 
  cause you know what , i 've been hiking here on this island , and i see only old or midaged people doing goat herding or working in their olive gardens , while the young ones are hanging out in cafes . 
  sorry to tell you , but the youth here is spoiled . 
  which means ... ? 
  i expect to explain us all these complains greeks constantly make . 
  my explanation is simple - state spoiled them last decades . 
  what is yours ? 
  i am afraid you lost the thread of what i am saying . 
  i do not compare the roots of the crisis in ee and greece , not even communism and populism . 
  what i am talking about is - complaining . 
  and made the logical conclusion that greeks complain a lot because the state spoiled them the last decades . 
  cause you know what , ee went thru downfall in the economics as well . 
  instead of whining about it , people were working others - migrating . 
  i wonder what it be if for example your salary was 200 $ and because of the hyper inflation at the end of the month you get the equivalent of 5 $ . 
  cause that 's what we 've been thru , still we were n't complaining as much as you guys . 
  i am not complaining about anything , why should i complain about something that happened like 2 decades ago . 
  i compared and made a conclusion why people in some countries even though been thru much worse situations than the current greek one , did not complain , and why greeks complain a lot . 
  greeks are not victims , there is no conspiracy against them and nobody wants to steal their wealth . 
  true . 
  if compared what eastern europe been thru in the 90s , yours is not crisis . 
  do you know that there was a time in bulgaria that due to hyper inflation , money was ... nothing . 
  government was giving food stamps , so one can go to the bakery to get a loaf ( or two ) of bread . 
  back then i was in my early twenties , working and studying , my monthly wage went down to 5 $ . 
  so excuse me , but i say you complain a lot cause the state spoiled you in the last decades . 
  i am against it . 
  both parties must compromise and reach a deal . 
  sure it will not be as comprehensive for the economy for both entities as it is now , but something can be achieved if emotions do not prevail . 
  huh ... paok is a soccer team . 
  currently on a greek island . 
  my impressions are - no crisis . 
  people hang out in cafeterias , eating pizza or visiting restaurant in the evening , saw very few working . 
  true that the island relies on tourism and money send from greek immigrants in the states , but as someone who visits greece once or twice a year i can tell you that all that talking about suffering is over exaggeration . 
  eastern countries went thru a lot worse crisis in the 90s , we just did not complain as much cause , i believe , we were n't spoiled by the state . 
  hmm ... are the uk and the eu going for a nasty and messy divorce ? 
  what can i say , people of the uk voted in their majority - leave . 
  done and over with . 
  the rest is just technical stuff for technocrats . 
  britain will leave the eu and that is inevitable . 
  life goes on , globe continues spinning , ships still sailing , trade will still be done just under different rules . 
  pity that uk and eu will divorce , hopefully it will not be messy and nasty . 
  what you posted is pretty embarrassing !, 
  very well , nice view . 
  i 've met someone from that region , even though he resides on a greek island . 
  he is from tyrnavou ( or something ) , a place famous for tsipouro or ouzo . 
  no snow in gdansk ? 
  amazing !, 
  which city is that view from ? 
  blue , blue , blue sea and sky , 
  is this painting ? 
  if you got any pictures of flowers taken out in the nature by you , please share . 
  just do n't copy/paste google pictures . 
  i provided source . 
  mister or miss trucidator said it is a european commission stuff , not the brits . 
  read the article . 
  not sure if that is the article , but it was the first link google gave me . 
  well , crete is quite famous for hiking as well as central and north-western mountain regions . 
  but in general , most islands have many well marked hiking paths . 
  yeah , like europe is all about politics and economics . 
  dude , there is so much unnoticed beauty around us and places where we live . 
  flowers of europe is something i want as encouraging people to open their eyes and start searching for beauty of the nature close to their places , not after flying thousands of miles . 
  yes she did , think it was more than a month ago and for sure i read that in english , probably it was post on reddit with link to an article . 
  quote by memory - after leaving the eu , british citizens may need visas for visiting any eu member state . 
  which of course means that eu citizens may also need visa for visiting the uk . 
  i am trying - flowers of europe . 
  it will be nice if there are 3 to 4 daily posts of pictures of flowers in europe , preferably wild ones .
