  mongols were so successful in conquering lands and countries not because they were economical superpower , but because they invented and implemented new military strategy and tactics . 
  if we stick to your logic , then china must have been invincible as it was the economical superpower at that time in far east asia . 
  plus recent events showed that russia is quite capable of managing armed conflicts near its borders as well as away . 
  examples : ukraine and syria !, 
  sure , to which bank office i am supposed to be sending all fishes , squids and octopuses i catch ? 
  yes , and the soviet `` military might `` was also based on a quick sand . 
  dude , mongols were just a bunch of nomadic clans but they did manage to conquer many lands , slaughter a lot of people and rule over very developed and sophisticated societies . 
  military might , as you can see got nothing to do with being economical superpower . 
  and yes , russia can vaporize germany in a blink of an eye . 
  i switched to vaping months ago , and generally decreased the nicotine level in the liquids i use . 
  will decrease nicotine level one more time before easter and after that will start using 0 % nicotine liquids , until i finally quit . 
  now , i am tired to type that statement , but will say it again . 
  it is common misconception due to huge ignorance in western europeans regarding russia 's power . 
  even after the break up of the soviet union , even after all the economical turmoil , russia was and still is a world power . 
  eastern people never had such delusions of `` weak '' russia . 
  even china that plays cocky with all of its neighbors avoids any direct or indirect clash with russia . 
  we are not in a warlike situation as britain was before the outbreak of the last world war . 
  i agree that nato members should increase their military spending and start modernizing their armed forces . 
  after all we are facing more aggressive and revisionist russia in our doorsteps !, 
  many churches !, 
  the long exposure gave a picturesque view of lyon . 
  indeed i do have a great time . 
  long walks in the nature , hiking and fishing . 
  already caught 4 squids and one cuttlefish . 
  unfortunately these days there is a lot of wind , big waves and fishing is impossible . 
  at this time of the year there not many tourists around . 
  few cafes and restaurants/pizza places opened , and i really appreciate that - so quiet and peaceful !, 
  when was this castle build ? 
  the way stones are arranged in the walls shows some really old craftsmanship . 
  appreciated the picture . 
  upvoted . 
  thank you for telling me the name of the flower . 
  it is not grown in a garden , took the shot while walking the road outside karpathian village . 
  all these years i could not understand if eurozone member state was to default , should leave the euro . 
  i could not understand the other thing , why if a country leaves the eurozone must leave the eu as well . 
  and yes , greece left on its own is - doomed . 
  greece with countless bailouts is also doomed . 
  the only way is what imf proposed - debt relief . 
  chocolate , banks , watches , rich , expensive , neutral , direct democracy , cern . 
  yes , iceland is probably the only european spot left , where one can touch the pristine nature in all it beauty and wilderness !, 
  woaa ... beautiful !, 
  and the snowy mountains in the background create such contrast with the flowers . 
  unfortunately i am not in bulgaria , and drinking non-bulgarian white wine :p . i appreciate your offer regarding financial issues but i am not a numbers guy . 
  employed in production . 
  do you think it is possible to buy quality bg wines in the uk ? 
  meanwhile i enjoy drinking wine . 
  as on this date bulgarians celebrate the day of the wine , while the rest celebrate valentines and some others are keen to post and discuss financial issues regarding stock exchange . 
  brexit has n't happened yet . 
  it is all speculations . 
  nice landscape and scenery pictures , really appreciated . 
  do n't know why is this political jib-jab in the comments . 
  as i am the one who posted the greek picture , will tell you immediately - the green trees you see are actually olive trees . 
  the shot was taken the same day as the post . 
  got many more pictures of flowering plants taken these days on the island of karpathos . 
  if anyone is interested , i can send the pictures as well as pictures taken while hiking the mountains of karpathos . 
  now , that was my post . 
  picture was taken the same day i posted it . 
  got more pictures of flowering plants taken on the island of karpathos , as well as pictures while hiking the mountains . 
  the trees you see on my post are actually olive trees . 
  huh , how come eastern folks are not people ? 
  in fact they are very human !, 
  let me guess , you think main occupation of easterners is to steal western money and beg for more . 
  nobody paid anything for free , cause you know what , there is no such thing as free lunch . 
  as far as i know , scotland is still part of the uk , not an independent entity . 
  that means scottish problems are internal uk problems . 
  scotland does not have the right to negotiate with foreign countries on behalf of scots , all that was and still is done by the uk government . 
  the minute scotland becomes absolutely free country , it can start dealing with any other countries or supranational entities like the eu . 
  it did improve lives in eastern europe !, 
  and it did create many business opportunities for western companies . 
  you 'll be surprised how much of the trade is controlled by western chains and you 'll be surprised how many western goods are sold throughout the region . 
  do n't forget western banks and other financial institutions as well . 
  i think it is mutual benefit . 
  now if you talk about eu funds , well i really think there should be fundamental change of eu backed funding and subsidizing . 
  as far as i know , something is due to happen in 2020 . 
  now i am a bit angry . 
  it is none of guy 's business what scots will do regarding the eu . 
  his job is to negotiate the brexit terms on the eu side . 
  and if someone wants to accuse me of being anti-european or pro-brit , that is not true at all . 
  i love eu , it allows me to travel anywhere i want within the union without any complications . 
  it allows me to reside and work abroad . 
  it allows me to meet with many different people of different nationalities and interacting with them has never been that easy as it is now . 
  but what this guy stated is not diplomatic at all . 
  he 's attempting to interfere in internal british problems . 
  nobody stops you to get to one of the southern islands :p, 
  dude , karpathos feels like summer for me . 
  it is -4 c at the moment back in my hometown - varna . 
  i could never figure out why santorini or mykonos for example are so famous ? 
  greece have much greener and cleaner islands than the ones mentioned above . 
  i got many pictures of karpathos , including shots taken while hiking up the mountains of the island . 
  the island is karpathos , it is not among the famous greek islands though !, 
  is europe going back to the times when there were countless duchies , fiefdoms , city states and small kingdoms ? 
  before that they lived a bit north i think , in the area of modern day samara . 
  anyways , kalmyks are leftover of mongol invasion in european plains . 
  have they migrate to their current location in 17th century after spending some centuries in the eurasian plains or took the territory as invaders is a minor case . 
  kalmykia , autonomous republic within the russian federation . 
  elista is the capital . 
  it is the only european land where buddhism is the main religion . 
  kalmyks themselves are actually remnant of the mongol invasions , hence they 've kept the religion . 
  since when gibraltar is spanish to call it - the most british of spanish towns ? 
  nice old houses .
