  you think uk matches the states ? 
  dream on , you are dwarf if compared to us . 
  they are in position to dictate , not you . 
  where did you read in my post about spreading the wealth evenly ? 
  it 's a shame . 
  such concentration of wealth in the hands of few people and such big number of impoverished people is ... unstable development on global scale . 
  in my opinion - it 'll not lead to any good . 
  and , welcome to reddit !, 
  uk may have been the reason for holding some reforms to certain extend . 
  but i do not believe uk politics were the main reasons for not reforming eu institutions and regulations leading to closer union . 
  uk is not a match to us . 
  uk is a dwarf if compared to the states . 
  do you think a dwarf can dictate to goliath ? 
  eu on the other hand matches us both demographically and economically . 
  negotiations between america and europa is like two similar entities dealing . 
  and to join efta needs to be approved by other efta members . 
  and if britain joins efta they will have to accept freedom of movement and european legislation to some extent . 
  will they do that ? 
  some brits posted their hopes for norway and other countries leaving the single market . 
  in your delusional thoughts you imagine britain to lead a new free trade agreement with several relatively wealthy european countries . 
  i understand that the uk has interest of weakening the eu so it can make separate deals with different countries on the continent - but i do n't think it 'll happen . 
  after putting so much money and energy for saving the single currency , the eu has to and will emerge stronger than it was . 
  hmm ... dacia has a good presence in the balkans . 
  giving it is a low cost brand of renault and relatively poor balkan states , result is not surprising . 
  romania stronk in honey !, 
  he can shovel his populism up his a * se . 
  people in the states are buying german or other european cars because of their quality , not because they were produced in germany or mexico . 
  if trump-the-clown wants americans to focus on american cars , better off american car manufacturers improve the quality of their products . 
  who the hell is trump to tell bmw where it should or should not build a factory and even threatens the german company ? 
  clown . 
  haha ... norway is quite famous for trails and your flair says you 're not far from it . 
  i guess bulgaria is exotic for you :p, 
  some days ago i posted a question about brething on r/askeurope . 
  asking if all that brequit stuff posted on r/europe on daily basis is boring . 
  majority said - yes . 
  brits should think about it . 
  trolls are scandinavian mythological creatures . 
  i am bulgarian . 
  yes i did typed that and i think i 've explained what i meant in my comment afterwords . 
  do n't wan na repeat it again . 
  the condition of bulgarian roads is terrible . 
  many of them have n't been renovated for more than 3 decades . 
  you are an idiot ? 
  i personally do not steal anything . 
  working my ass off for my money . 
  ha ... again the word brequit . 
  and what on earth new zealand got to do with r/europe ? 
  and who cares if britain after brething makes a deal even with the devil ? 
  can not understand what you mean but if you think that rich countries do not benefit from the eu , i told you - you 're free to move . 
  after all within 2 years and several months britain will no longer be a part of it . 
  nobody stops you to move to a non-eu country , right ? 
  surrealistic !, 
  impressive , wish bulgarians could build high ways with the same speed and pace !, 
  turkish troops should remain and stay in turkey . 
  as far as i know turkish cyprus is not a turkish province , but separate entity . 
  and recently turkey has deployed troops in all of its southern neighbors . 
  think that a country or several countries will have to knock off some sense to the turks and their political establishment . 
  erdosomething may think he 's the great sultan but in fact he 's nothing more than an islamist with ambitions of being a dictator of theocracy . 
  have i written `` whoever disagrees with me ... '' ? 
  do not twist my words . 
  why do you think so much money were thrown at greece , portugal , ireland and spanish banks ? 
  if it did not worth saving the euro , nobody would n't care to save those countries and their financial systems . 
  euro is the lifetime project of the eu . 
  if euro survives - eu survives , if euro fails - eu fails . 
  whoever claims the opposite is delusional . 
  ha ha ... nice presentation , almost make you feeling like you wan na move there . 
  just once you 've moved , what you gon na do without knowing the language and having no friends and a girl ? 
  yeah , wait til you have to shovel all the snow . 
  that 's where the real fun starts !, 
  it did not . 
  another user wrote it , that there used to be electric lamps in that place which municipality replaced with gas ones . 
  sort of attraction and creating cozy atmosphere for tourists . 
  dude ... supporting russia is not recommended in eastern europe . 
  majority of us are anti russian to such extend that some russian companies consider selling their assets throughout the region . 
  dude , the article is in finnish . 
  do you think many users will be able to read it in this sub ? 
  when i wrote medieval it is because lighting city lamps started at that period of time . 
  so there had to be lamplighters in medieval cities . 
  what can i say ? 
  really cold winter !, 
  hmm ... they 've kept medieval tradition . 
  who pays the man , municipality ? 
  i am familiar with american english . 
  british english is not my thing . 
  it is not an elephant . 
  think the english name is moose . 
  to be honest i do not know the bulgarian name to translate from bulgarian to english . 
  history again . 
  there are no greeks left in asia minor as well as there are no turks left on aegean islands . 
  those claims are not legit , we live in the 21st century not in the beginning of the last century . 
  if greek claims are based on historical reasons , then turkish claims can be based on the same reasons and vice versa . 
  when will this madness on the balkans stop ? 
  interesting and sad that this particular revolution succeed it . 
  haha ... i can tell you , greeks claim the coast of asia minor as theirs , while turks claim some aegean islands . 
  if a foreigner can understand their dispute , he can explain it in a written form and comprehensible way to the rest of the world . 
  i personally do n't even try to think of such complicated matter which includes so much history and is not based on contemporary facts . 
  nice and green . 
  and what animal is that ? 
  moose ? 
  where is that swedish province located ?
