  low effort ... hmm , go hiking in the mountains for hours , stumble upon beautiful flowers and take shots . 
  you 'll see how much efforts you have to put , cause you know what , you may hike without seeing any flowers . 
  nobody sees u-turn regarding briquit . 
  in fact it can turn into the hardest possible brexit with reintroduction of visas for eu citizens visiting the island and vice versa . 
  british prime minister mentioned that in one of her statesments . 
  and frankly it seems that nobody thinks of britain as part of the eu anymore . 
  states do not borrow the same way person do . 
  they issue bonds on international as well as in domestic markets and there are organized auctions for that matter . 
  what you type is not credible . 
  did someone pointed an assault riffle towards greek politicians and ordered them to issue bonds . 
  were n't part of the money used to recapitalize greek banks as they also had to take losses for the writing off significant portion of privately held debt ? 
  if europe did not save the german/french banks , then greek banks should n't have been saved as well . 
  and yes , before the crisis there was an orgy of government spending in greece , even former greek politicians admitted that fact . 
  do not forget that nobody can stop them to default . 
  it is the greeks that do n't want to officially default on their debts , so they will continue their game as long as possible and when troika says - we had enough of you guys , greek state will not have any other choice but to ... default . 
  writing debt off can be only temporary solution . 
  after all some years ago significant debt reduction took place . 
  the problem is that greece has been living beyond its means for decades . 
  they have n't created the necessary industrial base which can cope with their living standards . 
  i really do n't know what the outcome of all that brinkmanship will be , but i know for sure that it takes 20 to 30 years for a country to build up competitive economy which can support reasonable living standards . 
  lazy or not , greeks are inefficient and not organized at all . 
  they went into deep shit because they were overspending for decades . 
  and nobody stopped them and nobody will stop them if they decide to default and quit eurozone , reintroduce drachma and try managing completely on their own . 
  it is the greeks that do n't want that even article states it . 
  they want debt written off and after that new bailout and to continue like that as long as possible . 
  greeks do n't have any faith in their financial systems , governors , politicians , business organizations , judiciary system as well as any government/municipality administration . 
  to put it bluntly , they do n't want to pay their debts off , but they do n't want to default as well . 
  trend , lol , so far i am the only one posting pictures of flowers in daily basis . 
  some guys occasionally post every now and then . 
  trying to start a new thread called - flowers of europe . 
  you were right . 
  it is arum criticum , member of araceae family . 
  you seem to know a lot about plants and flowers . 
  are you a professional botanist or is it your hobby ? 
  arum creticum is the scientific name of the flower . 
  got nothing in common with calla lilies , not even the same family . 
  interesting that the flower i posted picture of is actually native in crete , hence the name . 
  yes , that is the flower . 
  so happy i know the name now . 
  it is not calla lily , even though it looks like . 
  will post the picture in another sub and they will tell me the name . 
  where is poros located ? 
  i 've heard of paros , but obviously it is not the same island . 
  name suggests something connected with olives . 
  but i do not see any olive trees in the picture . 
  the uk is heading towards hard briquit . 
  they will leave the single market , will stop complying with eu legislation , will not accept ecj decisions , and the four fundamental european freedoms will not apply for them . 
  in the hardest form of brexit , visas will be introduced for eu citizens and vice versa . 
  yet again , all we do now is speculating , in reality we do not know what the outcome of the negotiations will be . 
  the process has n't started !, 
  maia the bee , was quite popular in bulgaria back in time . 
  sub is called europe , not politics or economics of europe . 
  our continent is much more than politics , economics , landscapes , cityscapes and nice old buildings . 
  there are different traditions , different nature , different events , different arts . 
  i post pictures of wild flowers i make while hiking or walking in the nature . 
  others post pictures or links of traditional european musical instruments which , unfortunately , soon may be forgotten cause there are not enough craftsman to produce them . 
  third post links of nice little towns or castles . 
  i find such diversity incredible and quite educational . 
  even though europe is probably the most urbanized place on earth , europeans ( and not only them ) have to start realizing that one should not fly thousands of miles to touch the beauty of nature and see exotic culture . 
  all that is available on the continent and it is around us . 
  it is an iris , although i do n't know which variety . 
  interesting !, 
  the castle is very famous throughout europe . 
  plus , if watch movies you 'll noticed that buena vista logo looks like it . 
  huh , there more boats and yachts than houses !, 
  and ... why is the water inside marina darker than the water surrounding the town ? 
  when i talk about pushing the imperial measurement system , i think of all technical/mechanical stuff as well as research science institutions . 
  converting all that into imperial would be very time consuming , plus every piece of imported equipment and every small detail will have to be measured in imperial , which is labor consuming . 
  it is arrogance as if that happens , all metric measurements must be convert into imperial ones for every single piece of equipment and screw . 
  i bet you are not technically educated person and you have no idea of production plants to understand what exactly it means and how time consuming that will be . 
  vauxhall is in general rebadged opel . 
  do n't know if there are any indigenous models produced by the british car maker . 
  a pint is like half a liter , right ? 
  which countries are actually using imperial . 
  the states and the uk for sure . 
  as far as i know , australia , new zealand and south africa gave up imperial and switched to metric as well as canada done the same . 
  why on earth brits want to be arrogant and try pushing imperial system again ? 
  sultanat of erdogan , which was known as turkey will quickly go down the drain . 
  no country can play cocky with all of its neighbors without consequences . 
  it is just a matter of time before all bordering countries make a coalition against sulatant of erdogan . 
  read the article and what i can say is - lost precious minutes of my time and wasted my brain keeping it busy with such crap . 
  period . 
  why is he so unpopular ? 
  did he do a lot of harm to the uk while serving as prime minister ? 
  i saw it like 20 minutes ago . 
  did not hang out on reddit all day long . 
  which means ... sorry but i can not understand your statement . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  hmm ... strange that britons regularly posting on this sub , have n't started commenting . 
  guess they are tired of all this briquit as well as the rest redditors . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  if you take shots of flowers and you 're in europe , please post in the sub . 
  europe is not all about politics , economics , old buildings and landscapes . 
  there is so much unnoticed beauty around us !, 
  gorgeous !, 
  castle and houses around it . 
  like something out of fairy tale . 
  also , when was the shot taken and what is the dark spot on the left side of the frame ? 
  dude , my phone is 2-year-old nokia , what hdr i can use ? 
  there is an option in taking pictures one after another and phone mixed all that into one photo , it is called - smart sequence .
