  brexit is what they voted for - so be it . 
  dude , if you europe for you means some western capitals , aurora in the north and some forest surrounded by rocks - then i have to consider the rest of us as non-europeans . 
  africans perhaps ? 
  yeah , cause we ai n't doing any efforts to reduce carbon emissions , so there is no cost per ton :p, 
  i definitely feel some sort of sympathy towards south-slavs . 
  languages , as well as mentality are close . 
  do not know about czechs , polaks and the rest . 
  contemporary islam is facing ongoing radicalization . 
  even the most secular islamic country like turkey is in that trend . 
  now what are the reasons behind such regressive religious development ? 
  for me as european atheist , it is a mystery . 
  hah , ever since the beginning of the whole briquit thing i believed the wto rules are the viable option here . 
  might be wrong though , but still think both parties will not reach comprehensive deal and the trade will be done under the rules mentioned above . 
  do n't make me ruin your reddit evening . 
  i simply do not care about guys like you . 
  can not bother to explain . 
  if you deny you got prejudices , it will be a complete lie . 
  my personal interests got nothing to do with briquit or little englanders . 
  yes ... the prejudices in your own heads . 
  you are a very good example . 
  do not bother me . 
  been dealing with people like you . 
  i know there is no point to try explaining you anything in any language . 
  now your statement is among the biggest crap i 've read on reddit the last few weeks . 
  i am afraid it is you stuck in your obsolete brain in the 90 's not the easterners . 
  even though i am well known for being anti-britain-briquit , i fully agree with your statement . 
  ee , relatively poor if compared to we , is way richer and well off than many african or asian states . 
  hah ... finally happened . 
  now britain can fire the steam engines up , sail away and anchor itself near the shores of florida or cuba . 
  absolutely sure boris-the-clown will be very excited to be a neighbor of trump-the-clown . 
  even though i was a student many years ago , i remember we got 4 archaic cases for very few words , but we do n't use such cases on daily basis . 
  you 'll have to learn many verb tenses though !, 
  not scared !, 
  i do post , shots of wild flowers i take myself , with my crappy camera . 
  so do not accuse me for not posting . 
  however i am careful for not flooding the sub , and i post like once a day or once in two days . 
  i can post 4 times a day , but in my opinion that will be flooding . 
  buy as many tickets as you wish , and visit the uk as many times as you want . 
  it does not make any difference to me . 
  they do care as they reply on my comments instantly . 
  if i wanted to assault britons i have had many opportunities , i put down some drunken and aggressive bastards . 
  if you have seen my posts on r/europe you would have known that assaulting tourists and britons is actually not part of my existence . 
  it had happened . 
  i am indifferent towards all westerners as long as they do not knock on my nerves or do something really aggressive . 
  doubt in whatever you want but the way things go , i would n't be surprised if visas are reintroduced . 
  britain took course for hard briquit as may announced in her speech . 
  i actually do n't mind if uk-eu visas are reintroduced in the future . 
  after all britons made quite clear foreigners are not welcome in their land . 
  have never visited the uk , and will never visit it . 
  not interested . 
  nothing there for me , 
  briguit was meant to cut off the uk from the continental affairs as much as possible and give opportunities for britain to drift away from the eu . 
  that is exactly what it is . 
  the statements about `` global britain '' and so on , is just for the british ears , nobody else buys that . 
  within twelve or less months , i believe , it 'll become clear how hard brithing will be . 
  in its hardest form , visas will be reintroduced for british citizens visiting the eu and vice versa . 
  scotland will probably break away if given the opportunity for another independence referendum . 
  ha ... briquit means end freedom of movement between the uk and the eu , was n't that clear from the beginning ? 
  why on earth some people look surprised of the future outcome ? 
  it 's a edible plant :p, 
  i had one back in time . 
  probably the best phone i 've ever bought . 
  greece 's debt crisis is an endless story with no light at the end of the tunnel . 
  what is this dispute all about ? 
  even though i read about it , still can not comprehend , why of a sudden turkey laid claim for several non-inhabitant islands . 
  is russia included in the numbers ? 
  after all it does not say eu . 
  what made me thinking about russia was the type of nuclear submarines used in europe - 5 . 
  when you 're young , it does n't really matter , you got a whole life upfront . 
  things change when you 're close to midage . 
  what you mean by the expression - they 're easy to come by ? 
  spectacular !, 
  was the shot taken some of these days ? 
  dude , why on earth you picked up a swede ? 
  i mean , swedish girls indeed got the looks and care of themselves , but everybody knows they do not keep their husbands/boyfriends . 
  sooner or later they kick their asses . 
  you 're making way too many assumptions without actually having any facts to base your conclusions on . 
  i am not a teen . 
  second , i have never written anything about not remembering the second world war , nor not celebrating the victory over nazi germany . 
  however , russian society must get over those events that happened more than 70 years ago . 
  other countries like poland , even though devastated by the nazi and by the soviets ( to a certain degree ) have learned to live with the memory of the past , while solving today 's problems and looking with bright eyes in the future . 
  nice , was the picture taken some of these days , or it is a summer shot ? 
  i figured it out you 're magyar as the majority of transylvanians are ethnic hungarians . 
  now i have never heard of that very ancient balkan language , which exists to this day , cause even greek is not very old . 
  greek tribes came to the balkans as invaders 1200 bc . 
  what is this all about ? 
  dying language within romanian borders ? 
  loool , that was a nice joke !, 
  is that what it means ? 
  what on earth `` the foi gras of jets '' supposed to mean ? 
  i can not comprehend the sentence . 
  as a swede posted the picture , i would guess the plane is saab . 
  do n't know the model though . 
  and why should it be the greatest jet ever built ? 
  i agree with you , that it is not only about cheap labor , otherwise car makers would have built plants in africa , where salaries are the lowest . 
  location , as well as educated workforce is also very important . 
  the progress czechia achieved is remarkable . 
  over a million vehicles produced is quite a success . 
  same goes for slovakia . 
  italy on the other hand declines .
