  somebody needs to keep those english girls in line . 
  captain sweden to the rescue . 
  the point being that he went back to a place he was fleeing for his life from . 
  well at least 4 butthurt norwegians in this thread . 
  must start stockpiling popcorn . 
  is this a normal reaction when finding yourself in rumania ? 
  `` mama merkel , help us '' . 
  why come here to tell lies ? 
  [ here ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1551853/sky-finds-handbook-for-eu-bound-migrants ) is a refresher . 
  if you notice the arabic script on her arm she was already under the influence of these men . 
  this seems similar to the grooming that is going on in england , young white girls getting passed around by middle eastern men . 
   northern europe focuses on rehabilitation rather than punishment and emotive `` justice porn '' . 
  such a great system where rapists get community service for raping children , clap clap . 
  just because you are white does n't mean you are n't a race-baiting **** . 
  you did n't see the news articles about this ? 
  has the fights between the turks and kurds had much of an effect on opinions on migrants ? 
   everyone was just saying `` that wo n't work '' and `` not our problem '' . 
  if your goal is to stop the influx of migrants then nothing proposed so far will work , in fact it will do exactly the opposite . 
  `` we are not going back '' , charming fellows . 
  well they have their own `` refugees handbook to the eurozone '' , my guess is that some nice do-gooders are providing them with such things . 
   remember : these people are fleeing war . 
  refusing them asylum because they ca n't read is not the right response . 
  yes running from that war in greece . 
  the insinuation is that those arguing in bad faith are doing so because they are racist or neo-nazi . 
   this might sound a bit tinfoil but immigration and `` multiculturalism '' are pretty much tools for the neoliberals ( capitalists ) they are also quite eager little exporters of democracy . 
  is he a good pope ? 
  he seem 's to be trying to modernize catholicism , i think that 's a terrible thing to do , every christian sect that has gone that route has experienced falling congregation numbers . 
   you know , this is from the editorial board they must really suck at their jobs because the article just felt really aimless to me . 
  objectively europe is a christian continent , the laws , customs and ideas of europeans have all been shaped by a christian world-view . 
   the leftists ( wtf term is that anyway ) will condemn this as racist ' - attitude than ` leftists ' actually labelling it racist . 
  it happens and not infrequently , it 's usually not an outright accusation but rather an insinuation that you are arguing in bad faith . 
  spend a good amount of time arguing on the `` wrong '' side of the immigration debate and you will see it too . 
  tldr is : * you have your reasons for not wanting migrants but we do n't care * remember how we saved you from the commies * how dare you not want muslims in your country, 
  if libya is such a dangerous place then why are all the sub saharan africans going there ? 
  the majority of the video had the pretty syrian woman in it , along with a lot of children , i did n't see any mention of the difficulties faced by the hungarians just a constant looking down their noses at hungary and praise for how `` different it is on the austrian side '' . 
  heck the first scenes of the video is a close up of a barbed wire fence , setting the tone of the video quite nicely . 
  i can see it . 
  must be butthurt that sweden is where all the migrants want to go . 
  it 's like they are doing a parody of an actual worldstar video , some of those kicks my granny could do harder . 
  there is also a push for japan to let in more migrants . 
  wow . 
  it is quite a well done bit of propaganda yes . 
  edit : why the downvotes for the truth ? 
  a tldr of this video is * cute syrian girl , very educated * lots of children being starved by the evil hungarians * hungarians suck * austrians are great , much better than hungarians, 
  i think it was 2000 people a day entering hungary at one point . 
  i 'd consider mass-immigration and multiculturalism to be broadly of the left in terms of ideologies , maybe not so much mass-immigration but it ties into multiculturalism . 
   quick , ordinary austrians , organize a convoy !, 
  did n't they have one up and running already ? 
  god those fins are a rowdy bunch . 
  yes it is , but even then not just anyone has the right to move within the schengen area . 
   why do they think they have any right to just walk in any country that suits them and start making demands ? 
  because they know that europeans have not the will to stop them . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i was not aware that islam is a native part of germanic culture , they may be german citizens now , but at some point they had to receive permission to come and live in germany . 
  but hey it totally makes sense to import even more people who hold similar views to those [ expressed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gju4wxbfvig ) in the picture . 
   you cant stop people from going over borders , its not much about choice . 
  why have a country with borders then , if anyone has the right to enter at will what is the point of a police force and army ? 
   it is a ruthless and inhuman game , playing with the lives of people fleeing one the ** worst conflicts in the world ** , for a little political gain . 
  civil war in greece ? 
  you can choose to not let them in in the first place . 
  edit : a word, 
   is n't that the point of it all ? 
  take care of them until it 's over and then they go back to repair their country ? 
  nobody seriously believes that these people are going back . 
   it 's not like all europeans are peaceful and would never start a fight a with the police . 
  you do n't have a choice when it 's your countrymen . 
  it is still a fact that middle eastern men attacked police in europe whilst bearing what most definitely looks like the aq or isis flag , and it is a three year old picture so not that long ago . 
   the council wants frontex to be transformed into a ferry service . 
   the happening . 
  and we are only half way through september . 
  here is some [ old english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcrjrkguvx4 ) edit same thing in [ middle english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7joo0joubk ), 
  i am glad all this is going down at the moment , hopefully some sane policies can come out of this before the situation becomes even worse . 
  if there is no problem then let the people vote . 
  what ? 
  oh god , polan can into extremist . 
  because he has a hat shaped like a fish head . 
   i enthusiastically look forward to it getting destroyed by immigrants . 
  at least you are honest . 
  just the video , by the language it seems it was in france . 
  this is the second time i have seen this throat slitting gesture , the first was a grown man . 
  did n't like getting rejected . 
  is the document forged then ? 
   it 's a valid option that nobody will call out as `` nazi '' . 
  you are quite the optimist . 
  `` i told you so europe '', 
   the letter itself is from a couple of reputable organizations and addressed to representatives of the hessian state parliament . 
  typical left-wing tactics , if you cant attack the message attack the messenger . 
  when you confine people in a certain geographical location that is known as jailing them . 
   guarded camps jails then . 
  jail ? 
  obviously we need them to [ show ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal ) us how it 's done . 
  the [ women ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiwvwamhzfw ) seem to have no problem dealing with them . 
  yes instead of having to make some tough decisions we can just leave the future europeans this mess to solve right ? 
  and i 'm sure you will still be saying that when the numbers of migrants entering the eu jumps into the millions per year . 
  it 's more about rising life expectancy and lower infant mortality rates . 
  and every single organisation you listed exists because there are refugees , they exist to advocate on behalf of refugees therefore they are not unbiased . 
  did n't some president in the eu do an interview with a 17 year old who looked 30 . 
  but of course since libya is to dangerous they ca n't send the migrants on the boats back there , so in essence this is a ferry service to italy . 
  because germany is being a tsundere . 
  ok you convinced me .
