  why are turks voting for a turkish party in europe ? 
   i have to say that was pretty shocking for me the first time i read the qu ` ran . 
  in one sura , muhammad says christians and jews are brothers in faith and it is nonsense to fight until they see who 's right . 
  a couple of suras later , he condemn them to the death because of their offenses to allah . 
  so , in my opinion , it depends on which sura you decide to trust . 
  naskh ( \u0646\u0633\u062e ) is an arabic language word usually translated as `` abrogation '' ; it is a term used in islamic legal exegesis for seemingly contradictory material within or between the two primary sources of islamic law : the quran and the sunna . 
  several qur ` anic verses state that some revelations in the quran have been abrogated and substituted by later revelations . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] the principle of abrogation of an older verse by a new verse of quran , or within the hadiths is a well established principle in sharia . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] the possibility of abrogation between these two primary sources of islam , though , has been a more contentious issue . 
  [ 6 ] the allowability of abrogation between sources has been one of the major differences between the shafi'i and hanafi fiqhs , with shafi'i sect of jurisprudence forbidding abrogation by the sunna of the qur ' \u0101n , while hanafi sect allowing abrogation by the sunna of the qur ' \u0101n . 
  [ 7 ] [ 8 ] seventy one of the quran 's one hundred fourteen surah contain abrogated verses according to one estimate . 
  [ 9 ] muslim exegetes and jurists have disagreed and disputed the number of verses of the quran and sunnah in the hadiths recognized as abrogated . 
   islam in indonesia , http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/more-rigid-islam-in-indonesia/story-e6frg6so-1226678644547?nk=0b499edd2fa9d30a255e9ddbcdceb263-1443485413, 
  those old stories are cautionary tales , you ca n't have a happy ending with those . 
  [ nevar forget ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akfdjhbtqp4 ), 
   i mean we are pc but not that pc i would have said the same of the brit 's until the whole grooming gangs fiasco . 
  you do n't even need a drought , nigeria africa 's most populous nation also home to boko haram all it would take is increased hostilities between muslims and christians and then you have millions on the move . 
  i know most of us wo n't be around for 2100 but this is an issue that will be facing our children at the very least . 
  good luck germany . 
  what if the argument was made that by reporting on this you are inciting hatred of muslims ? 
   it is incredibly weird people who have never spent a day in europe do n't know what our societal standards are . 
  are you saying that it is normal in muslim society 's to attack people who have different views than the mainstream ? 
  it does help that all the people who shat on him then went on to say he was right . 
  they made a documentary and all his at the time detractors pretty much said `` enoch was right '' . 
  top level bants , are you sure you are not english ? 
  fermented is a nice way of saying left to rot , you get alcohol when you leave fruits to rot . 
  [ 6th of december ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_nicholas_day ), 
  i would have thought that `` hand of god '' would be the more popular one . 
   please dont tell that sean penn has said that falklands should be to argentina well the argies are obviously not white and the britts are so this is a clear cut case of western colonialism going on . 
   and the maps in our spanish books had them listed as a part of argentina . 
  this was in america ? 
   but the fact that a military dictatorship made an ill-judged gamble in the 1980s on invading some british islands , and got kicked out , was embarrassing . 
  do n't forget that your great ally murica was against taking them back . 
  denmark , why are you also called holland ? 
  probably the reason why we get such shit politicians tbh . 
   just cause i 'm not a filthy internationalist but you are voting for the internationalist candidate ... 
  what a time to be alive . 
  i had a word with the hydraulic press finn and he said , `` this is very dangerous , we must deal with it '' . 
   so when you say `` christians do not seek an earthly kingdom '' you do n't mean actual existing christians who historically very much did seek earthly kingdoms ? 
  i think it matters if their actions where justified by their faith . 
  from a doctrinal point . 
  vatican two is where it all started going wrong . 
  correct me if im wrong but i was under the impression that christians do not seek an earthly kingdom as their end goal but islam seeks physical dominion as theirs . 
   i mean if you forfeit your privacy , right to habeas corpus if the circumstances are right , it 's not like europeans are doing much better in this regard and some of them even get a police visit when they say `` this shit sucks '' . 
  judging on past performance not even a slap on the wrist . 
   `` trump ca n't be seriously thinking of running for president ''  `` oh , trump is going against like 8 other candidates , i 'm sure he will drop out soon ''  `` those first few states do n't matter anyway ''  `` eh , voters will switch to cruz or kasich soon , trump is done ''  `` the gop will do a brokered convention , there 's no chance trump is winning the nomination '' `` ted cruz drops out ... '' ** tump is going to win and he 's going to make hillary do it for him . 
  i think he has a good chance of winning but the donald thing was my attempt at humour . 
  the buildup with russia and china , economic and social problems in europe and other western countries , donald trump etc. 
   imagine a whole continent looking like that . 
  i have a feeling that in the not to distant future some of us might not have to imagine . 
   ** yves ** bogaerts really ? 
  is the government required to follow through on the results ? 
  obviously they were too drunk the first time . 
  french = baguette . 
  what makes people think they wo n't ignore this one as the did with the last one , for that matter i wish to see if they would ignore a brexit yes result . 
   the government is n't unable to take action , it 's unwilling . 
  as you see , it is perfectly capable of taking action when it wants to . 
  this 1000 %, 
  everyone is just jealous of the brits tbh . 
   few of what we now call our european values existed before the 20th century , and really most didnt exist before the 1960s . 
  this was on my mind as i replied to the op . 
   when you find yourself in a hole you should stop digging but but what about our `` european values '' !!, 
  do you have a guarantee that the mistakes of europe will not be made in australia , i 'm pretty sure they already have been made it 's just that australia lacks the scale of people moving in to make it readily apparent . 
  i have never ever heard of a group of people moving about within the same country referred to as migration . 
  he also has a [ history ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/05/is-it-islamophobic-to-draw-attention-to-sadiq-khans-links-with-extremists/ ) of defending islamists and and sharing speaking platforms with them . 
   you do n't have to go back very far in khan 's past to find links with some pretty unsavoury characters . 
  some of these associations date back to his time as a director of liberty and a human rights lawyer -- trying to get the uk to lift its ban on the american nation of islam leader louis farrakhan , who has described jews as ` blood-suckers ' and called hitler ` a very great man ' , and speaking at the same conference as sajeel abu ibrahim , a member of the now proscribed islamist organisation that trained the 7/7 bomber mohammad sidique khan . 
  but other instances are less easily explained away by his professional commitments . 
   for instance , in 2004 he appeared on a platform with five islamic extremists at a conference in london organised by al-aqsa , a group that has published works by the notorious holocaust denier paul eisen . 
  he was billed not as a director of liberty or human rights lawyer , but as a labour parliamentary candidate . 
   in the same year , khan was the chair of the muslim council of britain 's legal affairs committee and was involved in defending the muslim scholar dr yusuf al-qaradawi , whom the mcb described as ` a voice of reason and understanding ' . 
  at the time , the mcb issued a press release blaming the ` smear campaign ' against qaradawi on ` the zionist lobby ' . 
  khan himself gave evidence to the house of commons home affairs select committee in which he said ` there is a consensus among islamic scholars that mr al-qaradawi is not the extremist that he is painted as being ' . 
   that 's a government failure . 
  not a guarantee . 
  so pretty much a guarantee then . 
  it also refers to people from a certain geographic location . 
  i was talking about the caucasians . 
   to be fair that criticism was deserved . 
  especially with what 's happening in those places now . 
  there is already ethnic neighborhoods , would you like to add ghettos in the mix ? 
  they are not considered migrants if they are already in the country and have been for a few hundred years ... 
  i like how the majority of likes are in the 50 % mark but the bars seem to start shrinking after luxemborg . 
  all that is needed is the impression that it negates mad . 
   at best they 'd only take out a small number of missiles . 
  all it takes is for one side to believe that they would have an edge , once you cease to have m.a.d then we will see an arms race in nuclear tech again . 
   there are no russian troops invading ukraine/georgia comrade , it 's just imperialist western propaganda . 
  would not have happened if the west was n't pushing a colour revolution in ukraine . 
  is n't the point of the missile defence the ability to shoot down the missiles headed towards any second strike facilities , in that case you would have to devote some attention on the defence sites . 
   why couldnt they make joint eu-russia-us shield ? 
  because the west needs the big baddie russia , despite the official line that this is aimed at iran i foresee a future in which it will be pointed at russia . 
  which is why missile shields are such a worry . 
  at this stage m.a.d is assured but once one side believes that they are gaining or loosing ground then the situation becomes volatile . 
  it is actually a fairly accurate picture of what would happen should muck war break out , it 's up to the individual countries involved if the benefits outweigh the risks . 
   come on , the guy had a talking car . 
  how can you not like that . 
  that was michael knight . 
  why do you ? 
  time for cheeky breeky ? 
  not for long .
