  one handed clapping commences . 
  stellaris launch date . 
   `` of all tyrannies , a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive . 
  it would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies . 
  the robber baron 's cruelty may sometimes sleep , his cupidity may at some point be satiated ; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience . 
  they may be more likely to go to heaven yet at the same time likelier to make a hell of earth . 
  this very kindness stings with intolerable insult . 
  to be `` cured '' against one 's will and cured of states which we may not regard as disease is to be put on a level of those who have not yet reached the age of reason or those who never will ; to be classed with infants , imbeciles , and domestic animals . ''  -- c.s. 
  lewis , god in the dock : essays on theology ( making of modern theology ) remember guys it 's for our own good . 
  they do n't consider ahmadhi to be proper muslims . 
  pretty sure that isis is only a beneficiary of what is already there . 
  it is actually the people who largely follow the same brand of `` progressive '' politics who use the regressive tag as a way to separate themselves from the more extreme amongst themselves . 
   the question about sympathy asked respondents about people `` who leave the uk to join fighters in syria '' . 
   complainants argued that , as the question did not mention isis , those who responded to the question might not have intended for their answers to be understood as relating to those joining isis . 
  there are very few `` moderate '' groups left fighting in syria . 
  edit : by the way here is the [ independents own coverage of a similar story ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/why-the-survey-of-british-muslim-attitudes-is-so-profoundly-disconcerting-10070358.html ) . 
   so is nearly every other country in the developed world . 
  yes . 
  left and right are wrong in this context , in the modern era it is globalists and nationalists and europe is lead by globalists . 
   the fuck does israel have to do with the attacks ? 
  what an asinine woman . 
  [ it 's obvious man ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/angry-parody-jews-gl7ntbpu2tc36 ), 
  they have run out of trite excuses and now are resorting to passing the buck . 
   seriously ... what part of a camera crew doing a story on the lives of immigrants in stockholm is provocation to attack them ? 
  they are a foreign tribe that strayed into the immigrants territory . 
  sort of like the non story about the 200 girls that where sexually assaulted at a pop concert last year right ? 
   were fucked bingo . 
  more than likely when the word gets out that the balkan route is closed greece will cease to be as attractive a transit route . 
   chamomile tea cures everything . 
  yes even cancer . 
  my mother like epsom salt or any other medicine that gives you the runs . 
  probably because they have to deal with the fallout of social change . 
   what does that even mean probably something along the lines of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odz-ruufhgi ) . 
   soros has lighted fires apparently one of the organisations he funds was behind the trouble trump had in chicago , move on.org i think . 
  `` fashion in portugal '' - 1962 / / old portugal - seventeen magazine best picture , those old guys look badass . 
   punani hahaha did n't notice that , it is also a slang word in southern africa . 
  are there any people who speak it still ? 
  russia declares war on finland using the support rebel 's casus belli . 
   the three allies had attained a number of their military objectives , but the canal was now useless and heavy pressure from the united states and the ussr forced them to withdraw . 
  u.s. president dwight d. eisenhower had strongly warned britain not to invade ; he now threatened serious damage to the british financial system . 
  historians conclude the crisis `` signified the end of great britain 's role as one of the world 's major powers '' . 
  [ 21 ] peden in 2012 states , `` the suez crisis is widely believed to have contributed significantly to britain 's decline as a world power . 
   viva portugal !, 
   we rock !, 
   [ sure do ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mksq6_xhvjq ) . 
   yeah , just like that . 
  at the time those crimes happened there was a massive taboo about speaking out about such things . 
  that scandal - along with jimmy savile scandal and the yewtree investigation that followed - lead to the taboo being broken down and victims being listened to rather than dismissed as liars or troublemakers i have watched an episode of bbc 's free speech , the topic being `` rape culture '' . 
  the reaction of the audience when one of the panelists mentioned rotherham and the ethnicity of the perpetrators was quite telling . 
  you may be right that there is a fervour around uncovering past misdeeds of celebrity 's but there does not seem to be a similar situation in regards to the grooming gangs , at least amongst the media/government . 
  certain `` european values '' are more important than others . 
  [ yeah nah elephants are worse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghikcozmqii ) . 
  elephants man , some of the biggest bullies . 
  just because european 's are unable to reproduce does not mean that others ca n't . 
  what happened to the missing 7 % ? 
   comapration between a natural process and patologic condition . 
  that is how the pro abortion side on reddit tends to view the foetus , as a disease that needs curing . 
   definitely some cunning linguistics going on there . 
  you could say it is some cunnilinguistics . 
  [ let them fight ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkdj6dnphzk ) . 
   why would we switch to christianity because of islam ? 
  probably for very similar reasons that second and third generation children of migrant 's are more religious than their parents . 
  deus vult , what number are we at with the crusade 's , i need to have a t-shirt with '' -- the crusade naow '' . 
  stop guys i am drowning in puns . 
  only an intelligent person could come up with such idiocy . 
  for one thing more christians from africa and the middle east , then he probably hopes that european 's go back to their roots ( christianity ) when faced with a hostile religion like islam . 
  he actually is fluent in german . 
  i wonder if ronaldo shaved of his chest and back hair ? 
   if previously , the police did n't do it 's job , it 's certainly not a good idea for the police now not to do it 's job either , just because some poor sod might get yealous of others who got of lightly . 
  the police where complicit in the grooming . 
  it is unfortunate that he is in the extreme minority . 
  the reason for them coming is because they know that if they get into northern europe then they can apply for asylum , if you make it known that the first safe country is the only one in which your case can be heard then over time the number 's coming will be reduced . 
  in the short term it will be bad but this is when i see as a small part of what needs to be done in the long term . 
  this has been going on for a lot longer than nine years . 
   the chances of trump winning are slim to none . 
  in the blue corner is donald `` you gon na get stumped '' trump , in the red corner is either bernnie `` just chuck my shit up #blm '' sanders or hillary `` we came bengazi , they died '' clinton . 
  who wins ? 
  you decide . 
  because diversity , to long has finland been all of a sameness , it 's time that you had some vibrant middle eastern cultures . 
  the refugees where in turkey long before russia entered syria . 
   remember we were told that the great kiev ` spontaneous ' protests of two years ago were all about ending corruption ? 
  well , corruption in chaotic ukraine is now so bad that the economy minister , brought in from abroad to combat dishonesty , has just resigned in frustration . 
  the international monetary fund is threatening to cut lending unless more is done to fight corruption . 
  fat chance . 
  ukraine is corrupt , much as the atlantic ocean is wet . 
  ** the 2014 outbreak was a putsch and its real target russia . 
  now it 's gone wrong , coverage in the west has virtually stopped . 
  in the long run greece may be better off , once the migrants know that they will be stuck in greece i expect that they will try a different route . 
   the one where the police used the riot horses to ride down the demonstrators . 
  really awesome video of that on yt . 
  pretty sure that being a refugee/asylum seeker does not give you carte blanche to ignore the law . 
  in my mind i pictured a farting shootout . 
   officials would not force migrants to register if they refused . 
  they just let them go . 
  and if they had used force to register them then they would also be in trouble . 
   why else we keeping trident ? 
  take back rightful english clay from the french ? 
  i have heard a rumour that the croissant is n't really french . 
  that nokia burn , i felt it all the way over in australia . 
  i am of the opinion that the eu does not define europe .
