  get a dna test asap . 
  must be a popular joke as there is a very similar one in zimbabwe . 
  i wo n't see any of this on any major news outlets tv shows instead ill be shown drowned babies 24/7 . 
   extremely right wing and anti-muslim . 
  true of anyone that switches worldviews . 
   in australia , i knew quite a large number of muslims  actually , i live in europe which one ? 
  do n't create a situation in which such things are likely to take place again , why borrow trouble you do n't need or want ? 
  the reason such slogans are effective is because many people have such sentiments , by shaming people with such feelings just end up driving them towards the people who promise to take care of it . 
  in my opinion it is the job of mainstream politics to ensure that such things are not necessary , forcing mass immigration is not a way you will prevent such behaviour from repeating . 
  and yet i have to search the internet to see any info on this . 
  tolerance just means that even though you do n't like something you keep quiet about it . 
  every time people talk about showing tolerance it 's an acknowledgement of their dislike of something they are unwilling to confront . 
   facts what are those ? 
  if the poles do n't want middle easterners or africans in their country for whatever reason why force them to do so ? 
  vladmir putin is a dangerouse man , look at what he is doing to this poor [ dog ] ( https://youtu.be/pqzzon1cwma?t=26s ) , despicable i tell you . 
  `` assad must go '' is all they seem to think about . 
   irony the expression of one 's meaning by using language that normally signifies the opposite , typically for humorous or emphatic effect . 
  disgrace to the motherland you are . 
  it 's #bringbackourgirls and [ real men ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq1su0xbqzq&amp;index=25&amp;list=pl95e64a6aeeed5718 ) all over again . 
  yes it was . 
   good , that will force governments and administration to finally review and improve badly designed procedures . 
  always finding that silver lining . 
  exactly . 
  once the next election happens i expect the doors will be flung wide open once again . 
  ** there is no where to run escape this insanity , europeans have gone collectively insane . 
  tourists pay ** you ** money to come visit , or is it different in germany ? 
   bad journalism and misinformation are the main reasons . 
  i just watched a new program with a bunch of germans clapping the refugees arriving in frankfurt , it was quite surreal behaviour to me . 
  there are push factors like wars and then there are pull factors like welfare and politicians who say all syrians are willkommen . 
   he may be a clueless idiot but at least he 's not crazy suicidal traitor destroying and singing off their country . 
  is n't his government proposing to topple assad ? 
  i do n't know about you but in my opinion that will just mean more refugee 's, 
  i should probably read the article then . 
   i seriously do n't get it these are the same people who would probably fight for the right to make insulting images of a muslim prophet they will attack you for this as well , criticism of non white people is racism in their eyes . 
  * grabs fistful of chest hair * . 
  and how will you keep these 5000 people in hungary when they want to go to the money states ? 
  better prepare for more articles about how hungary are brutal racists doing nazi like things to the poor poor refugees . 
  are they not rebelling against hungarian order and committing a crime by violating hungary 's territorial space ? 
  it is all about virtue signalling , they are in a competition to show how compassionate , tolerant and not racist they are . 
  if you pay attention you will see some of them on this sub , usually they will say stuff like `` i am ashamed of my country '' , but they never will provide a reasonable alternative to what they object to . 
  the whole frenzy over that drowned syrian kid is an example of mass virtue signalling , during the hostage thing in sydney australia people could n't wait for the crisis to be over before going on twitter #illridewithyou to show solidarity with muslims who might be harassed over the incident . 
  i did n't say anything about the syrian refugee 's , my only gripe with them is the fact that they can easily apply for asylum whilst in the camp 's in turkey and they are very likely to be accepted . 
  but europe gets migrants from many other places to , such as nigeria , pakistan and albania to name a few , and as for your better economies , france and the united kingdom have about equal economies and yet there are people in france trying to get to the uk . 
  the only reason i can think of for that is the welfare is more generous in the uk, 
  some do yes , are you trying to claim that there are no safe country 's enroute to europe ? 
  if safety is your priority then why risk a dangerous journey to another continent ? 
  sort of , i had a laugh at the descriptions of `` living in harmony with nature '' , it was quite entertaining . 
  they do n't know about that before they arrive . 
   these people complaining is a bit much compared to other cities in europe . 
  would you rather they wait until they were like birmingham until they complain ? 
  what does that signify ? 
  bad history or something ? 
  probably going to get a cushy job out of this . 
  i was referring to the famed german efficiency and punctuality . 
  in america there is a small christian sect called the quiver fulls and one of their tenets is to have lots of kids for armageddon or something , there are muslims who also believe that islam is destined to be the world religion , and one of the way 's they see this happening is a high birthrate , erdoghan and gaddafi said something along these lines i believe . 
  remember demographics is destiny and in some places in europe 70 % of kids in school are non european . 
  jobs do n't grow on trees and cities take planning . 
  maybe because a shitty benefit cheque for you is a month 's paycheck for other 's ? 
  do you really think that in today 's climate such actions are possible ? 
  just look at how hungary is being tarred in the news lately . 
  even at the peak of empire i think the japanese would win , it 's like britain and german had a baby . 
  trying to compare japanese people with refugees , it would be interesting to see who would win in a queue off between japan and britain . 
  nope not seeing what is to be admired , europe 's migrant problem will not be solved by being overly charitable , the quota system is just a means of cushioning the big economies . 
   `` it 's our moral and legal duty to take those people to safety , which means north , not south , '' added the diplomat , who spoke on the condition of anonymity looks like it is the opposite , they seem to be proposing to ferry people across the mediterranean , obviously it 's not as the greek side so they are trying to remedy that . 
   enough to complain and obliviously blame merkel , apparently . 
  and once again we seem to be arguing different points , my contention is that yes what she said was taken out of context , but she should have known this and maybe tempered her words . 
  you on the other hand seem to be arguing that i am the one misinterpreting what she said . 
   if people would read more than just a headline , there could be a healthy discussion , but with the blissful ignorance people continue to demonstrate on here , no chance . 
  and you keep arguing this , nobody is saying that merkel said exactly this , just that it has given the migrants this impression , and that at the end of the day is all that matters in the current situation . 
  and to strengthen this impression you have football teams and various other groups engaged in there own little feel good stunts . 
   better still , by considering the entire policy of the german government . 
  how much does someone not interested in the goings on in germany really know ? 
   i think an old wooden sign with a skull and bone is a universal sign of danger . 
  different culture , might have no meaning to them or they misinterpret it as keep out . 
  damn that 's some epic spin going on there . 
   there is an existing databank where law enforcement can look up every single application for asylum . 
  maybe portuguese police needs it lessons ? 
   lack of solidarity is funny , when your own country would be in a really bad spot without the solidarity of the other eu countries . 
  now you are just being a bit of a bigot , i could put forth an argument but since you have devolved to this level of conversational tactics i feel that there is no point . 
   areas suspected to contain land mines are marked with more than 12,000 warning signs . 
  in arabic ? 
   i get your joke , but dclauzel is not actually that bad . 
  he 's the most active mod and trust me , there is a lot of shit posted here daily ; i 've spent some time in europe/new and i 've seen it myself . 
   it 's true he might be overzealous but i 'm giving him a break for now . 
   well stop worrying , because germany does n't `` worry '' about it . 
  if it 's not a problem then why this big push to share the love with the rest of europe ? 
  germany is a free country able to decide for itself , it should let other countries decide for themselves as well . 
  have you given a thought as to how these people are to be coerced into staying in the country assigned to them in the quota system , or will we be subjected to countless headlines about how these people `` without values '' are treating the poor refugees ? 
   they still will have to go through all the paperwork to prove their status and that their lives are in danger back in their home country . 
  and that costs money to do , and they are not going to live in the bushes whilst all this goes on right ? 
   not without international involvement , no . 
  if assad was killed today you still wo n't be able to put humpty dumpty back together again . 
   i also doubt the trafickers have the capabilities to get them to europe . 
  there have been calls to send ships to pick them up . 
   like i said in my op , i do n't want emotions either for or against . 
  i want numbers , solutions , long-term plans and foreign policy . 
  except this entire story is about getting your emotions up . 
  damned if you do damned if you do n't , just open the gates hungary , i give you permission . 
  what do the proposers of this migrant quota system expect is going to happen when you try to keep people who want to move out of your country and show no respect for the rule of law ? 
   germany is taking several 100000 refugees in while portugal took in 500 .
