  could it be that greece and italy are unable to do anything because they have to comply with eu law ? 
  regardless of whether you are pro or anti immigration it is certain that western countries will be radically transformed by this . 
   so then , you pit the foreign poor right next to the local poor , and blame them ( the locals of course , foreigners can do no wrong ) for fighting . 
  i was listening to the local youth radio station the other day and the topic was the latest anti immigration party , during the conversation it was repeatedly mentioned that the founders were working class/poor people , as if being working class is synonymous with bigotry . 
  i often wonder how the left is able to square away the fact that two of their sacred cows are in conflict with each other , how is it they are able to support mass immigration and at the same time agitate about income inequality ? 
  they really fucked you over then , my condolences . 
  my apologies , i misread . 
  he actually said that `` some '' of them belong to militants , you know like those guys with the megaphones coordinating the crowd 's attacking the hungarian border . 
  why wait for your country to have the problem 's the western european 's have before deciding to do something ? 
  quoting who ? 
  it does not read as if it is a quote , but reads more like a statement . 
  you are aware that the germans are now planning for mandatory yearly quota 's are you not ? 
  what is the end goal then ? 
  is it to stop the migrants or to make it safer for them to get into europe ? 
   germany is to push for more ambitious and extensive common european union policies on the refugee crisis , according to policymakers in berlin , with compulsory and permanent quotas for sharing the distribution of probably hundreds of thousands of people who will arrive directly from the middle east . 
  does it matter where the hundreds of thousands come from ? 
  you can start by declaring turkey a safe country and deporting anyone who crossed illegally . 
  but one was in the process of forming , now it has been reduced to '' giving a fair go an having a barbi '' . 
  how exactly are you going to move these people , especially given the fact that they have shown a willingness to engage in violence when not getting their way ? 
   and in case you did n't notice , we ca n't protect the border . 
  you ca n't protect something you are not even attempting to protect . 
   you know that is just the german constitution . 
  she can not change that . 
  especially because that is part of the german constitution that has an eternity clause . 
  did god come down and write this thing ? 
  judging by the history of the place and the general disdain for aboriginals in modern times , there has not been any place for them in australian monoculture . 
   and i personally attended a school where some classes were 28 koreans and 2 german pupils . 
  if you are at that stage already then why bother trying to make them speak german , in a few decades they will be forcing you to integrate . 
  needs more onions and bread loafs tbh . 
   labeling him too a nutter would simply ignore a lot of the reasons why he felt the way he did he is a nutter not because he felt what he felt but because of the way he expressed his feelings . 
   you seem to act that the actions of antifa excuses the actions of hooligans capturing the public debate . 
  antifa not hooligans . 
  americans have patriotism not nationalism . 
   and a surprise for you , there is no such a thing as australian monoculture . 
  there was one but multiculturalism has killed it , now everything is australian rendering it a meaningless distinction . 
  was n't it these very same spanish `` immigrants '' who voted against independent party 's just recently ? 
  would n't an influx of people who have no ties to the history of catalonia be detrimental to getting independence ? 
  i 'm talking about the people who put aussie flags on their car 's during public holidays . 
  i know that , i was referring to the love of protesting . 
   lower frequency of registering to vote , but more interest and knowledge about politics and more participation in protest marches and social reform groups . 
  sounds like all those hipsters in melbourne . 
   however , the resulting economic integration and military co-operation between the english and dutch navies shifted the dominance in world trade from the dutch republic to england and later to great britain . 
  no good deed goes unpunished . 
  a contender for most boring sport on the planet . 
  so you agree that australians should just let what happened to the aborigines happen to them too ? 
  i would take those over bears any day . 
  you have bears and shit in europe , the biggest predator is a dog in australia . 
   australians is not a uniform culture it was at one point , but as you have noted if anyone is now australian then what is australian ? 
   multiculturalism works there because they have civic nationalism . 
  and i have noticed a trend in the media a few years ago of trying to link civic nationalism with racism due to the fact that the majority of people who have these flag displays being white . 
  multiculturalism works in that there is only a superficial sort of community , the reality is that there is self segregation taking place . 
  did n't the same guy who did the study conclude that despite the negative effects multiculturalism was still desirable just because . 
  when they say world they really mean european country 's . 
   there used to be an implicit trust in the journalistic integrity i have long been of the opinion that the media themselves made up this myth . 
   expect a house in germany , get a tent in slovenia . 
  no shit people will riot . 
  why do you have such low expectations of your new countrymen ? 
   here as well . 
  there is no other profession i have less respect for than journalists . 
  none . 
   politicians ? 
  why exactly did he say ? 
   he called the german green party a `` party of child fuckers '' ( `` kinderfickerpartei '' ) hue hue hue . 
  only when you are on the right side of history . 
  it could be that to them what is being taught is mainstream islam , and that is why they reject the extremist label . 
  every party but one in sweden is for maintaining the status quo . 
   [ marching in a pride parade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rckeej9n8xw ), 
  [ gate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjluydf-vay ), 
  8 balls never cease to make me laugh . 
  it 's not that the flood has ended , it 's just that they do n't want to be registered in hungary . 
   this dynamic will give the sunni regional players more authority in vetting rebel groups , ** thus raising the long-term threat of blowback from islamist rebel factions . 
  ** never change murica . 
  is hollande the shortest world leader ? 
  i knew putin was short but he has inches on hollande . 
  the strange food they did n't want to eat was oats if i 'm not mistaken , not a fan of oats myself but i would n't turn it down if i was hungry . 
  australian girl looks good when running away . 
  and you believe them ? 
  no , the op is not about syrian 's and syrian 's are not the majority of the current migrant wave . 
  no idea . 
  your society 's are the reason that you are able to help others , lose that and you eventually lose the other . 
  you got told . 
  shirvan is what he calls himself in the video . 
  prepare to be vanned . 
  the richness came before the diversity . 
  will be interesting to see the coverage of the beijing 2022 olympics and how it compares . 
   little nuance where he can be a little bit more pc than everyone else . 
  virtue signalling is the term for that . 
  for a second i was wondering where they were going to deport them to . 
  1910 , 1926 , 1974 , three coup 's are pretty radical in my opinion . 
  this is not really a good argument , the `` native americans are those who founded the various countries in america , there was no canada until the european settlers created it . 
  immigrants do n't go to poor countries , it 's because america is prosperous that people go there . 
  next year expect dead pregnant women pictures in the media . 
  and what percentage of westerners view russians as adversary 's ? 
  the analogy still stand 's though , some `` forests '' are more resilient than others , some are helped/hindered by external factors etc. 
  everyone in europe getting along is a relatively new thing . 
  communism is a part/byproduct of the enlightenment . 
  do they ? 
  i was under the impression that they considered themselves the heirs too the byzantine empire , i think that they tried to snatch constantinople back from the turk 's during wwi . 
  i have a different theory , namely that radical shift 's in the social and political sphere 's retard a nation 's prosperity . 
  i came across a good analogy for this , if you view a nation 's social institutions as a forest then any radical shift 's in direction is akin too deforestation .
