  it is a genuine question though . 
   but to declare someone like orban the savior of europe is incredibly creepy . 
  if the centrist parties of europe ignore the will of the people then do n't be surprised when they hold their noses and get behind the people who say they have a solution . 
  ** jimmies have been rustled **, 
   well beggars ca n't be choosers it is as simple . 
  apparently if you claim you are a refugee then it is perfectly reasonable to pick and choose which country you go to . 
  a fellow appreciator of the [ cute ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7plyx0wcpns ) [ things ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbc2j26lpha ) in [ life ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttxywuk_q9i ) . 
  was n't it corporate espionage mainly ? 
  spying on german companies to give american ones an edge . 
  i wonder how they were made aware of this loophole . 
  what 's wrong with hans ? 
  i actually met two german guys , both of them are called bruno . 
  it 's not like the anglo sphere is doing much better , if every single one of them were n't on islands you can bet your arse they would be in a race with germany and sweden to see who can lay out the welcomen mat the fastest . 
   take me for example : i have no problem saying that i had worries from the very beginning about integrating 800k muslims . 
  my posting history in / r/europe will certainly attest to that . 
  but i probably wouldnt say what ive been saying on this forum in public , due to the way it would be percieved . 
   there are exceptions to every rule , but in general , this is how i would say the topic of the difficulty of integration and feasibility is treated in germany . 
   taboo . 
  to me this is a very risky thing to do , it can very easily push people towards extreme behaviour . 
  mama merkel seems to have no [ problem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_8kc19dl70 ) telling this woman to shut up about muslim immigration and islam because you know , `` who are we to judge them '' . 
  sorry sweden but i like my waifus . 
  that 's what i thought when i saw my first american election ad . 
  please do n't be so crass . 
  if hungary 's use of teargas against people who are trying to breach their borders is unacceptable , according to germany , then it seems that this quota system is going to be a waste of resources , why move these people around europe when they can just ignore the territorial sovereignty of a country ? 
  did he say that ? 
  `` the quickest way to germany is through serbia , slovakia and croatia . '', 
  my side 's went into orbit . 
  if someone had told you 10 years ago , that the americans are spying on the germans with the aid of parts of the german government , would you have believed it ? 
  it 's been article after article , news report after news report , telling us that we have to do this , that it 's inevitable , that this must happen , that in order to `` survive '' we must accept the inexhaustible supply of the world 's poor . 
  expect a surge in migrants from libya . 
  low birthrates among swede 's plus high intake of migrants who have high birthrates , it wo n't take very long to notice the effects . 
  truer words have never been spoken , who gives a shit if the new european people want to degrade women 's and gay rights , get rid of secularism it 's a shit anyway . 
  maybe the new afreuro states want to continue with the use of albino 's in traditional medicine , i 'd like to try some of that . 
  reduce in numbers or replace yourself with another culture , this is a tough choice . 
  at this stage of the game does it even matter , the damage is done . 
  i do n't think you can reverse the coming demographic shift . 
  this kind is immune to all damage types , he has god mode enabled . 
  about as legitimate a reason as blaming an entire continent for the death of one child . 
  just reading through all your response 's and i ca n't help but come to the conclusion that `` we are racists '' is the only answer that you consider valid . 
  you asked for opinions , do n't go dismissing them out of hand . 
  the laws in question were not envisioned with the current situation in mind , since men made these laws they can and must be changed to take in account the current reality , especially in light of the coming population boom and climate change . 
  in my mind i picture mama merkel doing this . 
  she looks like the woman in the bulgaria noooo video . 
  they say it all the time , `` we just want germoney '' , and the magyars do a gandalf , '' you shall not pass '' . 
  and so it begin 's . 
   other than housing and food is there a plan to actually integrate them ? 
  european politician : `` what are planning ? ', 
  well we are in a thread about germany , forgive me for applying your post to a german context . 
  so in practice there is no crime that you could commit in germany , apart from terrorism maybe , that could get you deported . 
  he was in turkey for three years , that 's not exactly my definition of fleeing . 
  since there is no death penalty in europe then there is no crime so severe that would result in deportation . 
  cnn already has an article up . 
  every kick he bounced back . 
  it 's like eeyore and pooh did a fusion . 
  sarcasm mate , i thought it would be obvious . 
   that 's one way to kill any sympathy for yourselves i 'm sure the media can spin it into something positive . 
  the spin going on in that news report . 
  nobody 's perfect . 
  fuck , that 's a lot of people trying to force their way in . 
   recurrent proposals to ` combat irregular migration ' by toughening border controls and closing off legal migration routes are bound to fail . 
  and yet here is [ australia ] ( http://artsonline.monash.edu.au/thebordercrossingobservatory/publications/australian-border-deaths-database/ ) with the last drownings at sea taking place in 2013 , so his assertion that tougher border controls not working are clearly false . 
  europe 's frailer to secure the border is largely down to a lack of political and social will . 
  those english , beheading is the new national sport for them . 
  is n't dublin suspended for syrians ? 
  what is it with the `` west 's '' hardon for assad ? 
   it feels like the majority of people engaging in a discussion here either do it because they feel strongly about it or to keep those that feel strongly about it at bay somewhat . 
  lots of lurkers it seems on this board . 
   arianna huffington seems legit  haters gon na hate ... and be depressed given their submissions , certain people on this subreddit should quickly make an appointment with their doctor . 
  being a pessimist means ill never be disappointed by life . 
  i am portuguese just a very bad one . 
  it 's really sad state of affairs that this violent criminals human rights matter more than the rights of the innocent people he has harmed and will potentially go on to harm . 
  the bullet has to come down somewhere . 
  growing up in a former english colony i know more about the english than i do about portuguese history . 
  is n't shooting in the air quite dangerous ? 
   `` the gesture put the head cut represents '' what is it with these people and the throat slitting ? 
  this is the third one that i know of who has made such gestures towards europeans . 
   the officer then gave off a warning shot into the air . 
  is that standard practice in germany ? 
  what is s proteins ? 
  that 's what happens when you go around invading people . 
   right , i forgot that if there 's one thing that europe lacks it 's diversity . 
  it 's all the same , from porto to moscow , innit ? 
  same culture , ethinicites , languages , literatures , ways of thinking , technology , fashions , designs , food , history ... 
  the only thing that matters when these people talk about diversity is skin colour , if it 's white it 's not diverse enough . 
  and yet they do it anyway . 
  what point was the article trying to make ? 
  i like the russian [ pooh bear ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bewe4wyz00o ) myself . 
   `` with africa 's population likely to increase by more than three billion over the next 85 years , the european union could be facing a wave of migration that makes current debates about accepting hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers seem irrelevant , '' of course the only answer is to bend over and take it . 
   social scientists have acknowledged the importance of europe 's racial and cultural homogeneity in building political support for expensive welfare states with robust safety nets . 
  it was easier for white , christian europeans to tolerate high taxes if they went to pay for benefits for white , christian europeans like themselves . 
  say goodbye to the welfare state as well . 
   in the end , the choice is clear . 
  europe 's best shot at prosperity is to build upon the diversity that immigration will bring . 
  prosperity is what enabled the diverse to want to come to europe not the other way around . 
  amazing how it was just escalating in the last week . 
  i get the impression that the media is trying to conflate migrant with syrian . 
  always with the low blows . 
  there was a portuguese facebook group who just recently was doxxing people who said things critical of refugees , calling the workplace etc. 
  in sweden i have seen the show troll hunter in which the media goes ant asks people why they are holding such `` wrong '' opinions . 
  stop trying to downplay the serious harm that these people can do .
