  hungary is such a terrible place that the borders must come down . 
  ** let them in austria **, 
   taking people only from the refugee camps sounds like it would have been a great idea a year ago or so . 
  well they are not going going to stop coming this year either , or the next , or the next . 
   i 'd rather they be here than dead . 
  if the current situation goes on it is inevitable that more will drown at sea , the only way to stop this is to start a ferry service to europe . 
  this is usually what happens when i do ask for some clarification on how many you would take in , i invariably get insulted . 
  i like to thing that i am a reasonable person so can you please point out which parts of my post you find to be delusional ? 
  * do you really believe that 1 % is going to dictate the culture for the other 99 % ? 
  deliberately argue in such a way in order to downplay the numbers * they will never say at which point should we stop . 
  will you please state a number at which we should stop , or are we to take so long as we can financially afford it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure melbourne would want them . 
  fuck me that 's some organised `` fleeing for my life '' going on . 
  what 's with all the fsa running to europe ? 
  the man looks shell-shocked , that 's the `` omg what have we done '' look right there . 
   why is your side always so sure it will stop at 1 % and never go further ? 
  i do n't know if they deliberately argue in such a way in order to downplay the numbers , and they will never say at which point should we stop . 
  [ romantic temper ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkfctiyfry8 ) ehh . 
   his father is jewish and his mother is catholic found out why he has such a hate boner for poles . 
   feminist critique of multiculturalism . 
  is there such a thing ? 
   radical feminism is a small subset of the social theory that can be ignored . 
  all the university 's seem to be on-board with the radfem agenda , at least the ones in the anglo sphere . 
  i actually watched a feminist in canada equivocate beating your wife with the christian stance on `` spare the rod spoil the child '' . 
   on what ground ? 
  they 're `` french '' . 
  and this is one of the reasons i oppose this mass immigration , once these people are in you ca n't get rid of them unless you want to go down a very dark path . 
  when i used to live in zimbabwe it was a common practice for young people to go to the uk , work for 6 months come back and repeat the process and still be making more money than if they had stayed and worked at home . 
   and the man who presided over all of it is still president . 
  and he still looks the same as he did in the 80 's . 
  the recent proposals by the dutch were sensible in my opinion , only take people from refugee camps , another thing would be to stop the donation of second hand clothes , shoes and food going to africa , that just hurts their economies in the long run . 
  the treaties dealing with refugees will have to be redone in light of the modern era , ease of travel combined with economic and soon climate refugees will soon see any developed country swamped . 
   trust between the countries that looks to have been pretty damaged by the threats on quotas . 
  it 's the perfect shitstorm of media hype , political incompetence and the social media frenzy . 
  i feel for you bro . 
  nothing about this entire fiasco has been clever . 
  and what should these `` hotspot '' countries do when these migrants just start walking to the border ? 
  can they look forward to being called nazis every time a migrant stub 's a toe ? 
  quotas are not a solution , it 's just more hot potato bullshit only instead of handing it to the next country you hand it to the future . 
  the fact of the matter is that the leadership in the eu can not or will not make the hard choices . 
  from some of the comments here i gather that it is comparative to germany . 
  shhhhh , enjoy the ride man . 
  the crazy train has no brakes . 
   asking for help/solidarity or even an eu wide solution is wrong . 
  i seem to remember lots of demands to accept a quota system or else , there was n't much asking going on . 
  at the end of the day the quota system is just a stop gap measure , it will ease the problem in the immediate future without addressing the problem itself , and none of the proposals put forth by the eu leadership will fix it . 
  * letting people work whilst processing asylum requests this will increase the flow , because now you can earn money get sent home and repeat the process . 
  * send the navy into libyan waters to stop smugglers sounds great until you find out that they are planning to bring the smugglers and their passengers back to europe because it 's to dangerous in libya . 
  where is the solidarity man . 
  hopefully mama merkel can learn to tailor her words so as not to invite a similar incident again . 
  so i hear the anti wankers got beaten up . 
  the polish signed a deal for letting the eu determine poland 's immigration policy ? 
  then they most definitely have to follow that rule . 
   why would syrians , afghans or pakistani be a driving force for federal europe ? 
  because it would change the perception of who is german as an example , if anyone that has a german passport and speaks german is a german then it erodes what most people imagine a german person to be like . 
  if anybody can be a german then is there any meaning to cling to the german state ? 
   but there is no benefit to economy either . 
  i was n't speaking in regards to immigrants , just as a generality . 
   ~ ~ if not ... ~ ~ rip sweden . 
  16 % immigrant population is not something you wake up from , i think it is a safe bet that within our lifetime swede 's will become a minority within sweden . 
  of course they do what they do , but does the media have to misrepresent the facts ? 
   they are against equal rights , gays and secular state . 
  none of these things matter , all that matters is the economy . 
   i do n't see any benefit to the establishment . 
  they seek to establish a federal europe , with the current strong national identity 's in europe this will be hard or nigh impossible , so you have to chip away at these things . 
   why they are so determined and even threat other countries to take them in ? 
  it 's because the populations of those countries would revolt in short order if all the migrants went there , so instead of things coming to a head in the near future they are seeking to delay the inevitable . 
  it is amazing that when i watch a news broadcast about a clash between a group of 400 `` racists '' and 3000 `` anti- racists '' i invariably come away with the impression that the 400 attacked the 3000 , yet with a little digging it is exactly the opposite that occurs the majority of the time . 
  the establishment is in favour of mass immigration , the media is just another arm of the establishment . 
  ok after watching some videos with her i can see your point , i to am not a fan of the fake boobies . 
  also i like brunettes over blondes . 
   they are n't just [ walking ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mssbycivli ) in front of a screen . 
  such sacrilege , i will pray for you . 
  the majority of women on television are still chosen for their looks and will continue to be because men and women like looking at attractive people . 
  holocaust mk2 : orban hotter than before . 
  what 's wrong with victoria ? ^ them ^ titties ^ tho, 
  i remember getting a similar response from a south african living in canada , some people are genuinely of the opinion that white people owe them reparations . 
  they used to joke about zambians needing wheelbarrows of money to buy bread , i 'm sure the zambians are the one 's telling the joke now . 
  born there , have heard it before . 
  australia was getting migrants from as far as afghanistan . 
   muslims who embrace our values are essentially being betrayed by us . 
  the authority 's in europe seem to repeatedly go out of their way to be accommodating to the most regressive islamic sect 's . 
  i 'm actually living in australia , my dad 's family moved to mozambique and when they went back to portugal he stayed , that 's why the flair . 
   reading about it is surreal for me to , quite amazing how quickly the breadbasket of africa crashed . 
  we have to do more . 
  i have a solution but it will require some sacrifices on our part . 
  migrants are good for the economy yes ? 
  so the solution is to fix the african economies right ? 
  ` how do you do this monsieur fuzzy ' you ask . 
  simple , we send all those who are eager to help refugees to africa , probably using some quota system . 
  these enterprising european 's will surely be a vibrant and colourful addition to the african continent . 
  you seem to be the one who has a misunderstanding on what a refugee is . 
  so a scottish person who has an english passport is an englishman right ? 
  i was born there and lived there until the land `` reappropriation '' began , i left before it got really bad . 
  if one third of a segment of the population is a foreigner then it stand 's to reason that at some point one third of the country will be foreigners given time , and the influx of foreigners is still ongoing . 
   white race til that the english are interchangeable with the scottish , irish , german or any other european ethnic group . 
  the average latvian does not joke about potatoes . 
  thats gold . 
  i feel for the french . 
  i think australians can be pretty funny .
