   you ca n't expect the decadent european bourgeois to actually learn anything from history ... 
  i think they know [ quite well ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ) what it is they are doing . 
  it always surprises me when people act surprised that police view certain groups with disfavour , if the majority of your interactions with a group are hostile ones then you are bound to start disliking said group . 
  if there is a recession then expect things to go south . 
  your god is a british terrier ? 
  my dad used to wait outside restaurants for scraps of food and his father and uncle had to arm themselves when they went to get food for the family . 
  lol , i was n't being serious . 
  someone at work has the surname van der plank , this means `` of the plank '' ? 
  the sources on the video are also pretty shit , wikipedia and a bunch of newspapers are the majority of them . 
   portuguese ( body hair i 'm guessing . ), 
  2001 what is this ? 
  if that is your definition of an elite then i hate to break it you but there is no place in this dimension that has a liberal society . 
  do you think western countries give aid out of the goodness of their hearts ? 
   racism is sometimes just an unchallenged assumption that we accidentally have . 
  you should be careful not to cheapen the word , because if everybody is a racist then it must not be a big deal . 
  why would a subconscious bias be racist?and european 's are quite willing and able to greatly dislike each other . 
   the world order is dictated by the elites of liberal societies who are these `` elites '' and why should we consent to live under their dictatorship ? 
   orbran is a fascist . 
  an authoritarian , racist why is he a racist ? 
  my point was that the american market whilst smaller is easier to market a product to . 
   you are fully convinced that you are in the right , on the side of good does the same not apply to you ? 
  social constructs are based of of an objective reality , to dismiss something on that basis is to dismiss reality . 
  in regards to the unity of mankind , if you ca n't even get an ethnic and culturally homogeneous population to agree on certain issues then good luck trying with the rest of the planet . 
  god save us from the utopianists . 
  whilst the eu market contains 500 million people versus the americans 300 million , the european 's are separated by language so it 's not a fair comparison . 
   i ca n't quite believe this subreddit is the same one i joined a few years ago when it was all pro-europe and let the good times roll . 
  sounds like you enjoyed being in an echochamber  maybe , just maybe , the way forwards to true peace and prosperity is through showing compassion and helping those in need , even if there is a cost , social , cultural or economical . 
  if the showing of compassion is at the cost of my society and culture then i want no part of it . 
  how old is this town ? 
   that 's why the numbers never fit . 
  there is no labour shortage in germany . 
  else wages in germany would skyrocket and all those poor and miserable unemployed youngsters from greece , italy and spain would fill all those jobs . 
  but guess what : nobody is coming from southern europe to job-wonderland germany because there are no jobs to be filled !, 
  one of the comments . 
  ahh concorde , one of the brits better inventions . 
  strange to me . 
  maybe because i had never heard it before . 
  i thought so . 
  if i have a captive german audience , why not use them for something ? 
  what a strange language , sometimes it sounded like french sometimes portuguese . 
  thanks cuzzy . 
  if only, 
  so whilst shooting people in iraq the americans were shouting `` in god we trust '' ? 
  picking words whilst ignoring the context in which they are said . 
  what do christians say when they are chopping heads off or kicking down border fences ? 
   and overall , the newcomers modestly raise americans ' per capita income . 
  ** but the impact is unevenly distributed ; people with means pay less for taxi rides and household help while the less-affluent command lower wages and probably pay more for rent . 
  rebels are in the east fighting is in the east destroyed buildings are in the east, 
  i think the meaning he was trying to get across was that we should help them in a way that is not detrimental to us . 
   imaginary borders and other constructs . 
  til 1 +1 is n't real . 
  in all seriousness you should think long and hard before typing such drivel . 
   `` it can not be that one country in europe takes on the injustice of a whole world , '' merkel said friday in the eastern german city of halle . 
  ** `` domestic and foreign policy will move much more closely together as a consequence of this crisis . '' ** what does that mean ? 
   ** `` if people think that europe is only something that people join when they get money , ** but ignore when they are asked to take responsibility for something , then no one is interested in europe . '' is there any other reason to join `` europe '' ? 
   this is going to be permanent . 
  all of pakistan , afghanistan , eritrea , iraq and libya are heading for europe , and there are no ways to stop it . 
  if there was a social and political will to stop it , then it will stop . 
   poland exports more to germany than germany to poland ? 
  he is explaining what exports the polish are making . 
   the camp of the saints is a novel about population migration and its consequences . 
  in calcutta , india , the belgian government announces a policy in which indian babies will be adopted and raised in belgium . 
  the policy is reversed after the belgian consulate is inundated with poverty-stricken parents eager to give up their infant children . 
   an indian `` wise man '' then rallies the masses to make a mass exodus to live in europe . 
  most of the story centers on the french riviera , where almost no one remains except for the military and a few civilians , including a retired professor who has been watching the huge fleet of run-down freighters approaching the french coast . 
   ** the story alternates between the french reaction to the mass immigration and the attitude of the immigrants . 
  they have no desire to assimilate into french culture but want the goods that are in short supply in their native india . 
  ** although the novel focuses on france , the rest of the west shares its fate . 
   near the end of the story the mayor of new york city is made to share gracie mansion with three families from harlem , the queen of the united kingdom must agree to have her son marry a pakistani woman , and only one drunken soviet soldier stands in the way of thousands of chinese people as they swarm into siberia . 
  the one holdout until the end of the novel is switzerland , but by then international pressure isolating it as a rogue state for not opening its borders forces it to capitulate . 
  almost forty years after publication the book returned to the bestseller list in 2011, 
  it is connected , quite closely connected even . 
   abortion in poland is illegal ( baring few exceptions , like rape , endangered life of mother , defects in fetus etc. ), 
  a very sensible policy in my opinion . 
  i 'm pretty sure that he/she is well aware of that . 
  about the same time we find out who killed kennedy . 
  conspiritards also used to say the us government was spying us , boy did they get that one wrong . 
  this is the [ `` perfect refugee camp '' ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/16/magazine/how-to-build-a-perfect-refugee-camp.html?_r=0 ) this is the [ portuguese version ] ( http://www.jn.pt/multimedia/galeria.aspx?content_id=4770882 ), 
  third times the charm . 
  i came here to say [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sn9ijcz5il8 ) . 
  what do they mean by integration ? 
  because if they mean getting jobs then i do n't think sweden is very successful in this manner . 
  unless they are referring to how successful the swedes are at integrating into the migrant culture . 
  i get the sense that the media is changing it 's tone a tiny bit , for one there are lots more headlines with migrant in it versus refugee . 
  ukraine is the best one . 
   muh oldest ally < 3 my mothers side is british ^ and ^ some ^ french ^ , but ^ dont ^ tell ^ anyone ^ ok , so truly greatest ally for me . 
  i read somewhere that there are only 5000 ice agents for the entirety of america , if those numbers are correct it does n't seem like the deportation of migrants is a high priority for america . 
  it means that human rights are only enforced by those who can afford to do so . 
  i [ feel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krcqhrkubyw ) for you bro . 
   the guy is incompetent and will stick to merkels backside for another 10 years if it means a cozy post . 
  the mental image i am getting . 
  austria is pretty low too . 
  so you are saying that the brain drain is not happening or is not a problem for eastern/central europe ? 
  [ reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tykpdnvh800 ), 
  he got told . 
  why so low then ? 
  charming fellow . 
   unfortunately for you guys , gypsies are still not deterred by muslims . 
  unstoppable force vs immovable object . 
   it makes sense as long as you ignore the fact that we live in first world countries with a legal frame work a social system .
