  as a romanian the eu strikes me as far more approachable than the uk . 
  i 'd agree but this is a fundamental part of joining the eu now , like i said it 's a different situation for scotland because our * only * border is with a non - schengen country , we * would * still be requiring an opt-out and considering we 'd already be in a special scenario we 'd have to buy that opt-out with something to sweeten up people that were ` nt too happy about the fast-track in the first place . 
  do n't mistake me thinking joining the cta being easier for me thinking the british government can be a bellend , it can and is . 
  joining the cta wo n't require concessions , it 's a largely casual arrangement and is very explicit in that it 's not a legally binding thing , joining it will be such a non-issue . 
  it 's schengen that 's the problem , though it functionally could n't be applied to scotland it politically can , for a member state to get an opt out of one of the central tenants of the eu would be a pretty big deal , we 'd have to make concessions to achieve that . 
  as for the eu 's approach , it has noticeably toughened up in recent years . 
  ireland does n't come into this , ireland and the uk have pre-existing opt-outs and are part of a common travel area ( cta ) , since that time schengen has become part of the aquis and as such all countries joining the eu must join it , that puts scotland in a different position to ireland , irelands situation in terms of borders is where we want to be , but there are concessions to be made before we get to that point . 
  the euro , we would n't be seeking an opt-out since the process for joining acts as one , that 's why there are plenty of countries that like scotland would do have pledged to eventually join without setting a date or being in any form of time frame , legal or otherwise . 
  schengen , we 'd need to get an opt out of sorts on that , it just would n't work since our * only * border would be with a non-schengen country which would necessitate a real border being constructed , that would hamper trade and travel significantly and since the eu itself and more specifically schengen are supposed to eliminate such problems , obviously a solution would be found that would costs us some concession , what that would be i 've no idea . 
  economically i 've no clue , i mean we 've a strong economy , legally scots law is fully compliant with eu law , there 's bound to be a chapter or two with difficulty because of there not actually being a scotland specific track record but there 's already been recognition that we 'd be a special case like east-west germany , so i see it working out , maybe taking a little longer than 18 months but not too much . 
  they 're solid platinum and see that glass ? 
  diamonds, 
  yeah i get that , i 'm not talking about an american perspective on the us using the death penalty , i 'm talking ( in general terms ) about a european view of it , that does n't mean i 'm saying that by holding the view we 're expecting you to change your practice in response to the view being held . 
   the average american supports the death penalty . 
  if you 're calling it hypocrisy i would ask how that 's so i 'm not calling it hypocritical at all . 
  i 'm not saying that it goes against the ideals that the us promotes , in fact the biggest way american culture is exported ( hollywood ) is rather big on retributive justice , it 's just a case of expecting better of you ( the us ) , it 's just expecting better of the us , that 's all, 
  it 's nothing to do with thinking the us and it 's citizens are going to care what europe ( hardly a homogeneous bloc ) thinks , it 's just a result of the us 's position , whether you like it or not , the us is presented worldwide as a goal to aspire to , and for many things rightly so , it 's only to be expected that when the ( supposed ) gold standard fails to meet the highest expectations it is going to be pulled up for it , saudi arabia and china get a free ( ish ) pass on these issues because those countries are n't synonymous with human rights . 
   i do n't understand why the us is always the target of these kinds of things . 
  if you want to go after people for executions why not the chinese or saudis who execute far more in a year than we do in a decade . 
  honestly ? 
  because it 's expected of those countries , the us is expected to be better than that , it may get some peoples nose up from time to time but many do , even if only subconsciously , look to the us as a model for so many things . 
  it 's like an 8 year old and a 3 year old doing something wrong , you 'll be disapointed in both but you 'll be more understanding with the 3 year old , with the 8 year old you expect better . 
  i do n't want to talk about countries as though they are children though but when you look at china and the us , one of them is and has been a world leader in virtually every field and the excuse that it falls short on such a big thing is essentially `` they did it too '' it 's just disappointing . 
  please at least tell me the squirrels die of natural causes , please . 
  what , like a real squirrel ? 
  i daresay they happen but it 's likely to be an extremely rare occurence in the first place never mind going through to prosecution but it 's important to note that hate crime , equality legislation etc protect everyone equally . 
  it 's common to see someone be told that the law is you ca n't discriminate against someone based on sexual orientation which is then followed by a question of `` what about something like that for straight people '' the fact that the legislation actually covers them is missed 95 % of the time . 
  also this applies the other way , if a straight person were attacked for being straight then that would be regarded as a hate crime too , just to pre-empt the `` that 's not fair/equal '' comments . 
  the post above was an example of not having shit forced on us half a decade before we had a parliament and nearly 2 decades into conservative government . 
  if places in the rest of the uk actually sought control over themselves again rather than voting red or blue hoping for something different * this * time round , then things would change, 
  privatisation was coming to scotland too , the only reason it did n't happen along with england and wales was that water was handled locally in scotland already and time was needed to consolidate the system into a marketable one , it was actively being set up for it until [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strathclyde_water_referendum,_1994 ) happened , that was 5 years before we got a parliament . 
  as of 2013 99.91 % of tests on drinking water were fully compliant with regulations , i 'd bet that even the 0.09 % that is n't compliant would by a majority be safe to drink . 
  so yeah , it comes off as odd you 're even making this comment . 
  the older generation is n't exactly known for being enlightened about homosexuality, 
  it 's a subreddit for people from a ton of different people with different cultures both socially and politically , that means it was either going to be a place where people posted things to give a view of their country and try to explain the complicated history and situations that brought the country and society to a point * or * it was going to become a place where commonalities between the countries were discussed ( like a view of the situation in ukraine ) where though views will vary , they will be remarkably similar . 
  given a choice , i 'd bet most people on this sub would opt to post a comment on a thread about ukraine than in a thread discussing a current event in a country with which they are unfamiliar , that 's not a criticism , it 's the easier and understandable option , i 'd probably do the same though i 'd like to learn about other places in europe from a locals point of view too though . 
  yeah that sounds strange , people donate to parties but they do it because they 've decided to . 
  yes , same in the uk in a federal state , the federal government derives its power and legitimacy from the states that comprise it , in the uk and spain ( and others ) the regions ( or whatever they get called ) derive their power from the central government , therefore the legitimacy and power only exist so long as the central government continues to grant it . 
  no , you deem the experience of banks fucking up and suffering for it to be more valuable in the long run than having banks that feel invulnerable because the government will always carry the can . 
  inside it looks like a federation starship , outside it looks like a 25th century bus , it 's cool is what i 'm saying, 
   well , guess who planned for the referendum to coincide with the 700 years after bannockburn and then orchestrated a huge reenactment of that battle ? 
   the national trust for scotland / visit scotland ? 
  i did n't realise they had such a great deal of political power , i wonder if alex salmond knows this , it 's a shame they could n't convince him to go to it as he was at armed forces day which was conveniently being held in the same city on the same day . 
  on that note , this 'll give you a laugh , apparently there are some people that are under the impression that the referendum was scheduled around the bannockburn anniversary , even despite the fact that the two events are months apart !, 
  look out for those people , they 're good for laughing at , they can be spotted by the fact that they have no clue about scottish politics so rely purely on referencing completely irrelevant things like laughable films because they think it makes them look edgy and up to date when in reality it makes them look uninformed and a bit anti-scottish with their assumptions that we 're all too thick to do anything aside from base our entire political landscape on the screening of a film . 
   the risk for iscotland is here that spain will want not just a legal test , but also a political precedent that things will be tricky even if the legal test is met . 
  it is hard to predict this in advance . 
  once the political test is instituted there is no need for the hardship that you 're proposing , spain will want something that catalonia will look at and say `` that 's unachievable '' while the eu as a whole will want scotland and any future bi-lateral seccessions to be easily absorbed , that obviously means a test which a bilateral seccession would pass while a unilateral would fail , after that has been established , there is literally no process for catalonia to follow that does n't require the rubber stamp of spain , that 's what spain wants , to be in control , not to convince catalonia that bad things could happen if they went independent but to convince them that there is not a functional possibility of it actually being achieved succesfully in the first place . 
  as for the euro , even if the entirety of scotland was on-board with joining the euro from day one , it 'd be a minimum of 2 years before we could , to join the euro a country needs to prove itself stable enough to do so , that requires the country beginning the process with another currency , wahtever that may be , this is how euro adoption works . 
  so what you are proposing is that the eu would say something along the lines of `` scotland , you fail to meet the euro acceptance criteria , but while we do n't know if you are a stable economy we are going to bring you into it anyway '' does that sound like something that would be beneficial for * anyone * involved ? 
  the member states must independently prove that they measure up to the right standards , if you throw out the quality testing then you throw out the quality assurances too . 
   however , i do see potential political problems everyone does , it 's not going to be some smooth ride into the eu , we all know that  i really do n't think spain will want to veto scotland 's membership , but they will strongly not want it to be so ridiculously easy that the catalans get ideas . 
  which is why they 'll want to include a test in the admission process that scotland would pass but catalonia ( or any other unilateral secession ) would fail , this would then become the process by which breakway territories become member states in their own right , the creation of a process could actually be very beneficial in spanish eyes , finally the process would be known , rather than negotiable , i 'm imagining that the parent state must agree to the beginning of the process otherwise the entire process can not be counted as valid ( although of course , every member state having a veto themselves would make such a thing redundant but i 'd think the message the existence of such a thing would send would be enough )  there is also a potential risk that some eastern european countries might not want scotland to be given preferential treatment . 
  i agree , but that is n't just those countries , it 's every member state would n't want to see such treatment without a genuine need for it , i do n't see many if any states having any problem with scotland not entering schengen , and aside from that i expect to have to sweeten the deal a little for a few but i 'd guess scotland being a net contributor would be reason enough alone . 
  the euro is n't a problem , we will be treated like every other member state that does n't have an opt out and avoid it through the conditions rather than through a formal opt out until such a time that we decide to join , that is n't special treatment , it 's what a fair few countries do at the moment . 
  i 'm sure you can understand that what is a relatively regional issue in the eu , and what was one tv interview comment , would n't gain much traction outside of the countries that it specifically affected , still though , that french mp commented on it and the comments from the spanish foreign minister from before barosso made his , completely contradicting what barroso went on to say and barroso * himself * seeking to clarify that he actually meant that scotland could face unexpected obstacles , not that specifically ... those both combine to make me wonder why * anyone * still cites what was a foolish intervention as a serious political point . 
  but then the fact that there is no `` waiting list '' it 's a case by case basis that countries are admitted via , not first come first served , there 's also the fact that scotland will automatically comply with the vast majority of chapters making them literally open and shut cases though some will take longer due to the powers literally just being transferred , ratification is n't a hurdle , compliance comes first , then negotiation the acceptance , this is another area where opinion is admittedly a bit more divided but still generally supportive of the idea that it 's achievable , even if i had n't spent countless hours of my life listening to the debate on this issue alone , the fact that better together has all but abandoned the eu line is evidence enough that even they do n't see it as that big a hurdle , and they 're the group with a vested interest in having it be seen as that . 
  what an amazing contribution , they hand out awards for comments of this magnificence you know, 
  also as for who , i 've copy pasted this list from newsnetscotland so you 'll probably not take it too seriously but it 's from a couple days after the comments . 
  academics and experts lined up to ridicule the ec president : ex-european court judge sir david edward heaped more ridicule on mr barroso , branding his comments `` absurd '' , saying : `` there would be a legal obligation to negotiate the outcome to avoid the absurdity that just at the stroke of midnight everything comes to an end . '', 
  he said . 
  john palmer , former political director of the european policy centre said of mr barroso 's comments : `` the idea that the scottish people could be ejected or indefinitely suspended from the eu for opting for national independence is laughable '' writing on his blog , aberdeen university 's professor michael keating said : `` barosso 's comparison of scotland with kosovo is utterly misplaced . 
  comparing this [ kosovo ] process with that of the edinburgh agreement , which was a model for democratic ways of dealing with the issue , is dangerous and a disservice to democracy itself . 
  ... incidentally , barroso has got himself tied in knots with his repeated argument that an independent catalonia would be outside the eu . '', 
  james ker-lindsay , senior research fellow se european politics at london school of economics , tweeted : `` so , while an unprepared east germany could join eu under special circumstances , a fully ready scotland ca n't ? 
  ridiculous !, 
  ... barroso stance on scotland is both wrong and an affront to democratic principles !, 
  uk accepts referendum . '', 
  on his blog , neil walker regius professor at edinburgh university wrote : `` does he have a legitimate political voice in the debate ? 
  does he speak from a position of legal authority ? 
  or , regardless of his political or legal standing , does he simply have a good insider argument , and one that we should heed ? 
  the answer , on all three counts , would seem to be ` no ' . '', 
  tweeting tonight from brussels , scottish environment minister richard lochhead said : `` informal feedback from member state delegations here in brussels at agri council of ministers : barroso 's indy comments were ` extraordinary ' ... '' suggestions that scotland would be denied eu membership were described as an `` an absolute affront to democracy and to the founding principles of the eu '' , by scotland 's deputy first minister nicola sturgeon . 
  commenting , central scotland msp clare adamson , who sits on the scottish parliament 's european and external relations committee , said : `` as a growing number of experts have made clear , mr barroso 's comments at the weekend were entirely misplaced . 
  that former labour first minister henry mcleish has also spoken out is welcome confirmation of this . 
  `` as mr barroso himself said , the question of scotland 's membership of the eu as an independent state will not be a matter for the european commission , but for the people of scotland and other eu member states -- none of whom have said they would veto scotland 's continuing membership , because it would be against their interests to do so . 
  `` scotland has been in the eu for the last 40 years , already complies with the terms of membership , and is committed to a positive relationship with the eu as an independent state . 
  it is clear that the only threat to scotland 's membership of the eu would be a no vote and the increasingly eurosceptic politics of westminster - culminating in a possible in/out referendum in 2017 . '', 
  mr barroso 's suggestion that spain would block scotland 's eu membership had already been undermined when two weeks ago , spain 's foreign minister confirmed that his country had no intention of interfering in scotland 's eu membership negotiations in the event of a yes vote . 
  jos\u00e9-manuel garc\u00eda-margallo said : `` if scotland becomes independent in accordance with the legal and institutional procedures , it will ask for admission . 
  if that process has indeed been legal , that request can be considered . '', 
  he added : `` we do n't interfere in other countries ' internal affairs . 
  if britain 's constitutional order allows -- and it seems that it does allow -- scotland to choose independence , we have nothing to say about this . '', 
  the derision came from scotland and the rest of the uk primarily though there was a french mp who commented on [ it ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/politics/referendum-news/french-mp-jose-manuel-barroso-intervened-in-indyref-debate-to-secure-nato-t.1394642736 ) , the comparison was foolish especially since the spanish foreign minister himself had commented on the fact that his government would n't be looking to block scottish membership because independence would be achieved in line with the uk 's [ laws ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/977a39ea-8c26-11e3-9b1d-00144feab7de.html ) and to top it all off incase you were still looking to back up barrosso , even he decided that his comments were not to be taken literally as his spokesman said :  according to his spokesman , barroso in any case `` did not want to imply '' kosovo `` were a perfect analogy . '', 
  `` i used only to illustrate how difficult and uncertainties could arise '' in the scottish or catalan processes . 
  `` but i do not want to interferes in the democratic process in place , it was just an illustrative example '' [ in spanish ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20140217/54401265152/ce-barroso-no-queria-interferir-proceso-democratico-marcha-escocia-catalunya.html#.uwjnhprmwvg.twitter ), 
   barosso was famously pessimistic about scotland 's prospects of joining the eu quickly . 
  he was also famously derided right across the political spectrum for it . 
  the vast majority of people who have spent much longer than you or i studying the issue , yeah there 's disagreement about conditions etc , but it 's a minority saying that on day one of independence , scotland would be outside of the eu for any reason other than deliberately choosing to be . 
  the vast majority seem to be behind the idea of admission being negotiated before formal independence , that 's what i 'm waiting for an eu official to comment on rather than the nebulous `` when a territory of a member ceases to be a part of that member then it ceases to be part of the eu '' which does n't apply due to the interim period where this can be worked out . 
   asked whether he would respect the results of a september 18th vote on the on the possible independence of scotland from the united kingdom , juncker said yes , but was also firm in terms of the consequences . 
  does anyone know what he said those consequences would be , i 've heard nothing of him making comments on scotland and that statement is too vague otherwise . 
  well we 're offering them complete lordship over what will be called the glassy south after we 've launched the nukes , they 're quite keen about the prospect . 
  did n't you hear me ? 
  they 're above us all , they do n't need your recognition of land ownership or to hear that they have people below them , they * know * that, 
  someone that is very up themselves ... 
  they 're posh and look down on others , usually rich but not necessarily , just think of it as a mixture of upper class and a belief in their own superiority over others . 
  so they would n't be found drunk with the common classes . 
  that 's why we keep a contingent of hoity toitys stationed nearby , they 'd never get drunk and are always ready to take control . 
  you say that but ... we 've got the nukes,
