  can you please actually cite some sources , cultural understandings that scotland * must * be poorer because `` hurr durr it 's scotland '' do n't hold water anymore , people prefer to listen to things like the office for national statistics , the uk 's financial records and the gers reports , rather than the guesses of people comparing all the `` not london '' bits of the uk as being the same . 
  * if * this were true and * if * the uk were wanting to minimise rancour then they would 've provided as much information about this at the very start of the entire campaign and there 'd have been nowhere for the yes campaign to go . 
  they also would n't start oh so many statements along the lines of `` nobody 's saying scotland could n't be independent , what we 're saying is we 're better together '' outside of london and the southeast , scotland is the most prosperous part of the uk , reasonable opposition to independence is fine , making things up to oppose it is n't . 
  and yet ... nobody 's reporting this when it would blow the entire yes campaign out of the water ? 
  the reason they want a currency union is it smooths over the transition process and gives an independent scotland a record to build up over a few years in the union ( since it 'll be a new state it wont have a record making borrowing etc. 
  more costly ), 
  his influence will be the same as bowies was last week , i.e. 
  because the perpetrators were sub-state actors, 
   however , the charter and other resolutions did not insist on full independence as the best way of obtaining self-government , nor did they include an enforcement mechanism basically it 's a case of nimby for a lot of nations , they 're happy to accept the ideology behind the charter but when it comes to their own nation it 's different . 
  scotland is a different case because both sides are actually being very reasonable about the whole thing , this is the exception however , not the rule . 
  glasgow , scotland , uk if we 're talking about visibility of the military then the most * visible * thing i can think of recently would be the type 45 destroyers being built , obviously that 's less of a placement and more because it 's being assembled . 
  for a good few years though , these ships were sitting in plain sight a few hundred meters from a busy recreation/shopping center . 
  overall though , not that visible . 
  *** but *** if we 're talking about awareness of the weapons of war then the obvious one it 's difficult to forget is that one of the largest concentrations of nuclear weapons in the world is based a couple dozen miles down the road , it may not be visible but it 's definitely in the back of most peoples '' s minds , especially when you get reports of convoys transporting the weapons * through * glasgow . 
  overall though there 's not much visibility , the odd squaddie on the train is about it . 
  the rebate is gone , i 'm fine with that cofr - sign me up euro - the process to join means you do n't even need an opt-out afsj - integrate where possible but contingent on what 's necessary re schengen schengen is the one that an iscotland * would * be seeking an opt-out for , our only land border is with the rest of the uk ( england ) . 
  so it makes no tangible difference to any other country whether or not we are in but for ruk and iscotland , one being in schengen and the other out would create problems where none need exist . 
  so ultimately there is only one opt-out that is really needed , it would need negotiating sure , and because the eu could theoretically force the adoption of it scotland would need to make concessions but overall a schengen opt-out makes sense, 
  why is it important that we try again to make one nationality from a union that has tried and failed to do that for over 300 years , when the european union exists in a way that allows exactly that without suffocating the smaller cultures ? 
  and the institution that will do that is the european union , not the united kingdom, 
  and look at all the calls for other reform . 
  oh wait , there 's none . 
  i do n't see why i should spend the majority of my life and childrens lives trying to convince others of an alternative way of doing things when i can have it inside the decade with those people free to follow if they so wish, 
  how liklely do you think that is with a no vote ? 
  scotland becomes basically the only place that is really calling for significant change , but we 've accepted our position and just like in 1979 , the idea of change will be put on a shelf an forgotten about . 
  a yes vote is the only option left for significant political change , both here and down south, 
  yeah it was heart warming when you guys voted overwhelmingly in favour of devolved assemblies ... oh wait change in the uk will require cooperation , not just scotland sitting shouting `` dot it this way instead '' for the next hundred years, 
  thank you , just when i 'd forgotten about this, 
  difficult to gauge but here 's what i think : with reports of even marginal increases in support for the yes campaign , the westminster parties got scared , not because one or two percent in the 30 's signalled a credible threat itself but because the psychological effect of voting yes being more acceptable as time goes on helps the yes campaign . 
  so the westminster parties all agreed that something needed to be done and they chose a key policy , something that is heavily linked to the most contested issues in the debate , they categorically stated that this option would not be allowed . 
  this whole thing is very obviously an attempt to sew uncertainty in the voters minds , hoping that the increase in yes supporters will be viewed in the future as an anomaly . 
  do i think that a currency union would be back on the table in the event of a yes vote ? 
  long answer yes , the westminster parties would start to look at the whole issue in terms of the best interests of the uk , so they 'd start talking about how they have miraculously came up with a way for such a thing to work . 
  thing is , they are banking on * never * being called out on this , if they can present a dismal enough picture of independence they can claim whatever they like with the assurance that they 'll never have their assertions proven false . 
  the currency union is a massive story right now and if they were to go back on it tomorrow there 'd be ridicule , give it 7 months though and the position will be an accepted one that - while set - is more open to negotiation . 
  tl ; dr hot air but with a potentially serious side, 
  sharing a monetary policy is exactly having control over an iscotland , the uk and scotland would have to agree to fiscal matters and as the junior partner scotland could easily be outvoted whenever . 
  just to be clear , i actually hope we lose the pound and end up with our own currency but i 'm not blind to the snp 's position on the matter, 
  i see your point about forcing the uk into a currency union and i agree that tying their hands on such an issue is the wrong way to go about it , however i think you have to appreciate where this has come from . 
  the snp set out a policy that they thought could work , based on advice from the ifs and just a few weeks ago the governor of the boe explained that a currency union could work and be beneficial for both parties with the right regulation , in light of that , this denouncing of a currency union seems to be borne out of politicking and attempting to influence the vote . 
  rather than any legitimate reason beyond that still i ca n't support the forcing of the uk into anything but this is n't just dirty tactics from the snp . 
  but the threat of not taking the debt is because of an implied situation where scotland will * not * receive its share of assets . 
  so at the same time as you list such things , why should an independent scotland take it 's share of the debt * without * getting its share of the assets ? 
  why should scotland finance the tv and be told it can not watch it ? 
  every scottish note printed is accounted for , pound for pound in the boe, 
  it 's not a good point , it 's a ridiculous point whatever side of the debate you 're on, 
  true , and the position of the snp all along has been that an independent scotland would be more than happy to take its fair share of the debt * so long * as it receives it 's fair share of the assets , the bank of england being one such asset, 
  1 ) birth : means only scots get to decide scotland 's future i have 2 problems with this , the first is that so what , someones birthplace does not give them an inalienable right to a say in how that place is run , the second is that the general idea behind scottishness is inclusiveness , if you come from elsewhere and contribute to the best of your ability to scotland then you have every right to be considered scottish . 
  2 ) an attempt to gain a favourable outcome is not a democratic reason , however even then i 'd question the assertion that `` non-scots are more likely to vote ` no '' , i 've met plenty people from all over ruk who will have a vote in the referendum and they seem to be split on the choice just like native born scots . 
  3 ) the snp , no different to any political party ever , will have made their views based on political gains . 
  there 's nothing wrong or outlandish about that , its just politics . 
  i do n't doubt they made considerations but it has to be said , the decision to include 16 & 17 year olds was a big mistake in this sense , at the time and i think even now , that age group are one of the most supportive of the union , however in scotland 16 & 17 year olds are considered legal adults and the snp wanted them to have the vote . 
  it was a decision on the franchise where the snp went out of their way to include a group that undermined their potential for success, 
  ethnicity should n't enter into consideration , nor should sentimental attachment those who will been tangibly affected should make the decision, 
   scots in england , wales and northern ireland most likely want scotland to remain in the uk . 
  it 's actually because residency is how scottish parliament elections are decided and is generally viewed as fairest , think about it , do it by birth and you 've got people who have n't lived here since they were 5 , 50 years ago with a vote whereas the person that is 55 and has lived here since they were 5 has none , ultimately residency is the fairest option , the belief being that if you 've taken the time to put down your roots in scotland then you have the right to decide it 's future . 
   from what i 've gathered over the last few months cameron is being a moron ( lol ) , salmond is constantly wrong about everything and there 's a surprising lack of discussion about braveheart . 
  not a moron ( on this topic anyway ) he has a very difficult game to play , if he stays out of the debate then it would be argued that he is showing his lack of care about what happens , if he actively joins in he 'll get steamrolled by salmond , he 's a * very * able politician and has spent his entire life preparing for this debate , he knows his stuff on the issue , cameron by definition of having a wider range of responsibilities has a much more limited knowledge of the arguments etc. 
  at the moment he is putting his opinion across and getting his ministers to do the same , since they are doing it in a `` i 'll tell you what i think format '' this is being described as lecturing the scots . 
  so cameron and the tories have a difficult game to play oerall . 
  as for salmond being constantly wrong ... maybe i 'm biased ( yes voter here ) but watching all the debates , news reports etc. 
  salmond/snp will make an argument , no will dismiss it out of hand , 3 months later it 's the accepted opinion on both sides and the no camp insist that they never said x was impossible just difficult . 
  salmond 's not an idiot and he gets a lot right , he would n't be leader of a majority government with overall positive opinion polling if he were incompetent . 
  and as someone else said , braveheart comes up all the time , but it 's not anyone in scotland mentioning it , it 's the british press referencing `` braveheart nationalism '' constantly . 
  i 'm pissing myself laughing at this , they 're all just so nonchalant about the whole thing , there 's even a guy on the left of the mouth with a hand up like `` its cool , i 've got this '', 
  looks like someones identified the eu 's west lothian question . 
  i came in expecting to think this would be a terrible idea but after my first visit i 've subbed and think it is great !, 
  great idea !, 
  no guarantee but everything points to that being the case , the only whatif is if the snp timetable is doable . 
  that still does n't counter my point , even if there had not been a single anti-eu protest , you can not legitimately claim that the collective opinion of 45 million ukrainians is represented in 300,000 protesters . 
  and that picture as i have said all along is too small to be of any use , you ca n't claim that ukraine is a majority pro-eu country because the biggest protest was pro-eu ignoring the fact that most people * did n't * protest . 
  i noticed you skipped the first one :  downvote an otherwise acceptable post because you do n't personally like it . 
  think before you downvote and take a moment to ensure you 're downvoting someone because they are not contributing to the community dialogue or discussion . 
  if you simply take a moment to stop , think and examine your reasons for downvoting , rather than doing so out of an emotional reaction , you will ensure that your downvotes are given for good reasons . 
  i am contributing to the community discussion , you can disagree with what i say all you want because you personally believe i am wrong , but acting like a petulant child does n't help your case , in fact by silencing my contribution actually puts me within my rights to downvote all of your posts , like i said though , i wont be doing that , imaginary points just are n't that important to me . 
   no and no . 
  i am saying that 200,000 , 300,000 people out for 500,000 are still more right than 10 people out of 100,000,000 people since they are n't voicing their opinion . 
  more people protest pro eu = country is pro eu . 
  more people protest against eu = country is anti eu . 
  if the people that are anti eu are n't voicing it , bad luck , pro eu wins . 
  that 's how the system works . 
  not voicing your opinion = not having an opinion . 
  i really do n't understand how you can have such a fundamental misunderstanding of how democratic states work , not protesting does not mean not having or airing an opinion , it means that you are not protesting , referendums and elections are the times that all peoples in a country are given the opportunity to voice their opinions on subject , protests are used as a way to show support/discontent with the way that things are going , they * are not * and * should not * be used as a way to decide an entire countries future , especially when it is about 1 % of the population represented in those protests . 
   than those 99 % of people are idiots . 
  the system works like this : more people vote yay than nay ? 
  yay is the way to go . 
  ok ... but there 's been no vote , that is what i 'm trying to communicate to you , standing in a street with a few hundred thousand other people shouting about what you want * is not voting * ukraines people have not had an opportunity to vote and protesting is * not * voting . 
   if 6/10 people vote for x and 1/1000 people has voted , bad luck for the people that against x. reddiquette , you can disagree with what i say all you want but you oppose what i say through debate * not * acting like a child downvoting . 
  just clicked you may not have got my other reply , i 've copied and pasted it here : you 've edited your comment since i began my reply , however if we 're going with your method of doing things then * this * is more apt : 1 % of ukrainians voted 80 % were in favour 20 % were against hm , since 99 % of the population have n't voted we 'll just go with no pro eu since it * isnt * a complete picture . 
  also : funny enough a scenario like what you describe has [ actually happened in scotland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_devolution_referendum,_1979 ) and finally , if it is you downvoting every comment of mine , please stop , it is n't the downvotes that are bad , its the attempt to silence opposition . 
  not what i 'm saying . 
  you are apparently saying that 200,000 - 300,000 people protesting is enough to say that the other 45 million people in ukraine are a majority pro eu , a majority of people * did not * turn out to protest for either side and you cant extrapolate which side they would have supported based on the size of each protest . 
  all that proves is that there are more people willing to demonstrate that are pro-eu compared to anti-eu , that is n't a complete picture, 
  what metric are you using to establish that ? 
  because most people hearing a prearranged speech get annoyed , the message it 's saying feels hollow and without actual passion . 
  i think this is a valid criticism when it comes to domestic politics , politicians on a domestic scene * should * only speak their minds on issues to show where their loyalties lie with it * but ... * this is n't domestic politics , sure the nsa is a hot topic right now domestically but this is international politics , and in international politics you have to toe a very fine line , you cant just say what you 're thinking because there is a chance that something you say is going to piss off another country . 
  that does n't guarantee there 'd be a prospective commission in agreement with them though, 
  but that does n't mean they get a new one that does , nor should it . 
  if you 'd care to have a look at the vote balance now . 
  also , whenever a controversial comment gets a large amount of upvotes in a short space of time , i always get the impression that * something * is happening .
