  that looks really really good !, 
  [ scotland - scottish only = 62 % / england - english only = 70 % / wales - welsh only = 66 % / northern ireland - ni only = 29 % ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-24282271 ) [ this article has a map , 2nd down ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-24302914 ) / u/dfractalh rather than 2 comments edit : also / u/fringleydingley, 
  it 's pretty uniform across the uk , most people do n't consider themselves british . 
  edit , i 've provided a couple sources and this is a well known thing , why am i being downvoted for facts ? 
  all national identities are manufactured but some are just so obviously synthetic , such identities , british , european etc only really get any traction amongst the middle and upper classes wanting to signal how refined they are and does n't progress beyond that . 
   there was a survey recently published in the guardian that suggested that eurosceptism in scotland was rather high . 
  yes , as in the traditional sense of the word , scepticism not opposition . 
  by non-stop store do you just mean like a 24/7 supermarket ? 
  they 're everywhere here , only closed on christmas day . 
  ive seen enough of turkish wrestling to know i 'll find him if i look . 
  turkey , italy & spain , that 's my next three christmases planned . 
  in the 2007 scottish parliament election where the snp started their administration the sun ran with [ this ] ( http://img01.thedrum.com/s3fs-public/news/old/20830/master.scottish_sun_election_day_2007.jpg ) they support who they think will be the victor . 
   why be outside of belgium , when you could be inside of belgium ? 
  the thinking that has started numerous wars . 
  better have it miss a piece ( that will in all likelihood turn up again one day ) than bleach the picture off it so that piece will take its place . 
  good , the eu is not meant to be a glorified trade bloc . 
  there is an opportunity right now to build something that 'll still be here in centuries to come , europe needs to come together as one . 
  the uk might be a big piece of the puzzle at the moment but that does n't mean everything has to be undone to keep it in the picture . 
  for the light in your hallway , buy a lower wattage bulb and make sure you got the `` warm white '' colour , i have the same problem with led 's and it 's mostly that bluish tint to them , which is n't there when they 're warm white apparently that 's the same for people in places that get less of the sun and the reverse is true the closer to the equator you go . 
  ireland is third on the chart . 
   i guess there just are n't that many of us on / r/europe [ 1 ] . 
  there are tons , this is adjusted to per 1,000,000 inhabitants so it will exaggerate smaller countries share , it 's only meant to show how disproportionate some representation can be . 
  iceland has less than 333,000 people , so for every single icelander , iceland gets just over 3 per million people . 
  where the uk has 64 million so would require 192 users to achiever the same , so the low score of 38 translates to about 2,500 where icelands actually drops to no far over 100 there are a * lot * of people from the uk on here , sometimes it actually gets a it annoying cause it 's almost treated as another uk sub in some ways . 
   a custom ranged google search for alex salmond , oil , independence because that would n't bring up the fact that it was a media fixation rather than a constant talking point ? 
  as for feelings , nothing to do with that , i 'm irked whenever over-simplified caricatures are presented as reasoned relfections of massive events , whether it was that referendum or the upcoming referendum , greece , merkel & refugees , russia & ukraine etc etc etc , a simplified understanding is the only one understood by those outside of the specific area events are taking place . 
  it was all about oil is the scotland one . 
  back in reality , you 're talking pish . 
  i 'm really hoping for it , it completes chrimbo like nothing else . 
  so i 've not kept up with ukraine , can someone who knows what 's going on ( preferably ukrainian themselves ) explain what 's happening , are these places essentially being let go , what is the public view of whether or not to fight to keep them . 
  if the circle was solid black then yes but otherwise i agree it looks like a banks logo . 
   nato is n't a nation either , yet if a threat such as this was made against one of their members a response would made . 
  well ... considering the amount of nato members that are also eu members . 
   giving eu migrants a vote in this referendum would be like giving the population of england a vote in the scottish referendum . 
  no , it 'd be more like giving people from england , wales and ni resident in scotland the right to vote in that referendum ... which is exactly what happened . 
  of course the snp are n't saying that , they were the ones who proposed that franchise and remain keen advocates of residency based voting . 
  do you have more i could read about this ? 
  catalonia is a part of spain in the same way scotland is part of the uk , both are unitary states , scotland ca n't actually just up and leave whenever it wants like you 're suggesting , the only difference between the two is that the uk government was cooperative and the spanish one is n't . 
  you 'd be most welcome and you 'd have a whale of a time with easy access to all the historic stuff we have sitting about . 
  right but i imagine they 'd take the form of a sweden/norway sort of setup more than anything since it seems the path is leading to efta for the uk ( though it changes every day now ), 
   freedom of movement is in no way , shape , or form an issue up here . 
  not quite , it 's viewed as an issue by a significant minority because we 've a media that tells us it 's an issue , there are people who disagree with it because they think it 's on the same scale here as the south of england . 
  it 's like the whole housing price thing , it 's not actually really a thing in scotland but we hear about it all the time so inevitably people believe it 's a problem here too . 
   wonder if they 'd consider joining the schengen area , even if that meant having an actual border with england . 
  if it meant a physical border ? 
  no , if it can be done without one then imo sign us up . 
  i 'm all in for being fully active members , we 'd need a bit of time before adopting the euro but we 'd do it . 
  it 's appreciated very much , every little helps , 
  keep watching , you aint seen nothing yet . 
   what he 's saying is that scotland leaves with the uk , not that scotland can never be part of the eu . 
  i 'm very well aware of that , but he said the same thing last time and tons of people thought spain was a sure thing to veto because they 'd read such nonsense in the press . 
  the title is clickbait but it is replicated across the press ( hence why i chose a supposedly respectable option ) it is being totally painted as though scotland has been told it can not join the eu * at all * i have faith , i believe in the eu but i 've seen these tactics used before with far less ammunition and they were hugely successful , simply put , we need the eu to explicitly tell us we have a place in the eu , anything less and we never will . 
   under the condition that catalonia wo n't be allowed should it declare it 's independence without the consent of spain . 
  that 's already a condition , all current members have to agree unanimously with to any new member joining . 
  this is just him trying to lock that process down even further but in the process it 's diminishing the likelihood scotland will see it as a doable thing . 
  honestly it does n't matter now , the press is going to run with this ferociously far more than they did last time , they 've already begun , they 're doing everything they can to paint scotland as having been snubbed by the eu and this is the grand prize in that regard . 
  even the ft , a paper well regarded for trying to limit its bias is reporting this as [ `` rajoy dashes scottish hopes of eu membership '' ] ( http://www.ft.com/fastft/2016/06/29/rajoy-dashes-scottish-hopes-of-eu-membership/ ) i think given a clear choice between the eu and uk scotland would choose the eu , but given a choice between the uk and nothing the uk will win every time , and that is the scenario they are pretending we have before us . 
  edit : ca n't provide behind paywall but is n't needed since the headline is the point, 
  can you let spain know please ? 
  that is quite a while off , the uk will be stewing in whatever deal they manage to get before it really starts to hit home . 
  even through these negotiations it 'll be dutifully presented by the media here as two equals going head to head . 
  i was n't really asking , was more of giving an opinion . 
   it remains to be seen whether an independent scotland would list a euro opt out among the things it seeks to inherit from its days in the uk . 
  with the exception of a schengen opt out i 'd be surprised if the scottish government would ask for any tbh . 
  honestly , the reality of spanish objection is far less important than the perception , last time the entire apparatus of the uk media was on hand to play down the comments of spanish officials that basically said they 'd be fine with scotland entering the eu . 
  that has left a public perception that spain would veto when they were actually saying the opposite , what we will need now is something far far more concrete to extinguish that false claim from the publics mind . 
  yeah , bairn on the east coast , wean on the west coast . 
  personally my favourite is midden, 
  under the plans set out in the last referendum and in all likelihood will be replicated for the next : [ if you 're living in scotland on day 1 of independence then yeah you 'd qualify automatically . 
  ] ( http://www.scotreferendum.com/questions/what-different-routes-to-citizenship-will-exist-under-the-scottish-governments-proposals-and-who-will-qualify-for-these/ ), 
  lets just be clear on this , while scotland would be bound to joining the euro , it does not mean on day one , we can join the eu , set up a central bank , use the smackeroonie until we qualify to join the euro . 
  that will never happen . 
  the problem we have is that there 's possibility that we are going to be asked to vote to leave the uk to try and enter the eu and for all we know we could do so and be told no entry leaving us outside both . 
  it 's early days still and we 're still at the point where sturgeon is trying to find a uk/eu compromise for scotland but when that fails because i do n't think it 's possible we 're going to eventually go back to the polls , and with only best wishes offered for scotland from the eu , i just know we wont make that leap . 
  [ farage 's applause just a few seconds before , compare and contrast ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eddzpzk-e-u&amp;t=68m6s ), 
  good friday agreement . 
   i blame the politicians , that spout nonsense like `` we know better than the experts '' or `` we will be able to work , study and live in the continent but they wo n't in the uk ! '', 
  sorry but that just makes me heap even more blame on the public thinking about it like that , recognising the value of these things but wanting only themselves to be the beneficiaries . 
  it 's the height of selfishness . 
  resignation i 'd imagine . 
  [ watch the video ] ( https://twitter.com/sunny_hundal/status/747060565839839240 ) it 's hilarious ... well it 's scary as fuck but it 's hilarious . 
   it would be funny if somehow spain releases a comment via an `` ally '' about sticking to the commitment to block scottish lone membership they never had such a commitment in the first place though ? 
  a 10 % lead requiring a swing of 5 % is what you 're trying to say . 
  spain can be bribed by the simple amount of fishing waters we 'd be bringing back to the table . 
  i do n't actually think it would come to a bribe though , at least i hope not , i 'm for europe for the idea of european brother/sister hood , do n't really like the idea of having to give out bribes to be accepted . 
  actually it 's pretty much the same in that regard , the spanish said they were fine with a mutually agreed split and subsequent accession in 2014 too . 
  no it does n't . 
  and for the record oil is not the basis of the scottish economy any more than our # 16bn food and drink industry or # 5bn tourist industry etc etc etc are . 
  it 's a sector which is not even officially counted as scottish by the uk government , the tex take from it is attributed to the 13th uk region for non-identifiable income . 
  an independent scotland would have challenges no doubt about that but we also have fantastic potential and even discounting oil and gas completely we are about the average uk gdp per capita . 
  so hardly an economic backwater . 
  no you 've pretty much got her down to a tee with that . 
  if you want another example look at the speech she made on friday morning . 
  nobody get excited , this is not what the bbc is making out . 
  a legislative consent motion when the uk has decided one thing while scotland has decided another amounts to nothing more than a formal protest , it 's just a cordial way for the devolved bodies to ensure westminster does n't step on their toes . 
  this is in no way shape or form a veto , it will simply be a protest . 
  sorry but that 's the bbc misrepresenting what a legislative consent motion is , the scottish parliament refusing to support something does n't stop the uk parliament going through with it . 
  that is just the retelling of a story from 2 years ago . 
  we had that quote on a nearly daily basis . 
   ` part ' of a member state ` can not ... remain in the eu if the member state itself withdraws ' . '',
