that 's a dragon staring at me right ? 
  i guess it 's just an alien concept to me , for me the people living in a society are the ones who should determine its future , not those who once did or might do , if i move town i do n't expect to vote in my old towns council elections , if i move country i do n't expect to vote in my old national elections, 
   democratic union which has consent ( uk ) but want to maintain membership of the eu which has neither democracy nor consent democracy i 'll kinda grant you that one though the uk has its undemocratic features too . 
  but the consent thing is silly , want to leave the eu ? 
  get your parliament to activate article 50 of the treaties . 
  want to leave the uk ? 
  better hope the parliament authorises you to do so , consent is only implied in the uk , that it was exercised for the first time in 300 years just over a month ago does not mean that it exists in perpetuity . 
  that does n't make it democratic , people are n't afforded votes because policies affect loved ones , otherwise everyone would be entitled to a vote in any country a loved one stays in , the possibility of moving to a country would also afford pretty much everyone a vote in pretty much every country . 
  this is n't about whether or not you care about a country , if you cease living in a country you really should n't have a say in how it 's run for those who continue to live in it . 
  the scottish parliament has virtually no ability to collect taxes , some are coming in 2016 but aside from that pretty much everything is held at uk level . 
  aside from that there are a ton of reserved matters ( highlighted the ones that obviously ca n't be ) * benefits and social security  * immigration  * defence  * foreign policy * employment * broadcasting * trade and industry * nuclear energy , oil , coal , gas and electricity * consumer rights * * data protection  * the constitution and even in some cases there are examples such as denmark where greenland and the faroe islands are part of denmark but are not in the eu , so there 's a potential road to go down there where scotland can remain in the eu, 
  people who no longer live in romania are allowed to vote for how the country is governed ? 
  that seems remarkably undemocratic to me . 
  not that i disagree with your overall comment but if we look at north korea , a literal holocaust is happening there and yet the international response is essentially appeasement so long as it stays confined to its own defined territory , africa is filled with tinpot dictators who only fear that they may lose a few percent from their aid budget . 
  i think the world has went from nation states ignoring the internal functions of other states so long as they are secure and moved to regions doing so , we like to think that we 've come so far and we have in some ways but in others i 'd say we 've regressed . 
  something about that picture , massive building grey all round and only a few people makes it look very soviet / north korean, 
  italy looks like it 's trying to be the european flag, 
  they are not tourists who were unfortunate enough to `` have seen '' the horrors of war , they are monsters who gave up their entire lives to inflict the horrors of war on others . 
  gave up what were comfortable lives in first world countries to join isis , they 're not about to come back and stack shelves in tesco and live a quiet life , they 're ideologically at odds with their home countries to such an extent that they called for their destruction . 
  do you believe that in the last months and year these people have sat around discussing what they should do ? 
  no they 've actively taken part , maybe under pressure once they got there but it was of their own free will that they did get there , and it 's not just murder , warzones are brutal places where a lot of things beside murder happen , the kind of crimes these people will have committed make them very dangerous individuals , just the intention they had to do such things when they went in the first place makes them too dangerous . 
  most times i believe in rehabilitation , not retribution , but i 'm not about to sit back and say that people that have went and destroyed peoples lives who 've committed no crime have some right to come back cause the breakfast is n't up to scratch , they made their bed , they can lie in it and if they do every come to the infidels paradise otherwise known as home then they can stand trial for the crimes they 've committed , be sentenced to spend the rest of their years in a comfortable prison where they are treated well and never be allowed to walk beyond the bars again . 
  but if you want them back then why do n't you offer them a spare bedroom in your house , i 'm sure their apology will help you sleep in the other room from them, 
  genocide is a group effort actually , hitler never personally killed everyone during the holocaust , it 's all the little people happy to go along with it because it makes them feel a little superior that make the whole thing work , now that they 're frightened and want to come home to live amongst the lowlife that they abhor again i ca n't say i care, 
  yeah , the legal side is so everyone can feel civilised about being dickheads , mob `` justice '' is how it 's enforced for everyone that is n't an activist . 
  i think it 's more that ( applies to more than hungary ) you could probably remove swathes of a countrys right to vote and get less reaction than if you interfere with watching a video on youtube, 
  since 1993 european citizenship has been a `` thing '' , it is entirely contingent on citizenship of an eu country however but saying that eu citizenship does n't exist is factually incorrect ( european citizenship confers rights on eu citizens that national citizenship does n't , i.e. 
  consular assistance from any eu countries ), 
   when did i ever say anything about subsidy junkies  in scotland even your university fees are paid for by the british government there , our fees are paid for by the block grant which we pay for , that is the point that we were once again called subsidy junkies , it 's scary that tomorrow we could tie ourselves to a country where misguided views like yours are commonplace, 
  ... we already had that from the australian prime minister actually but ok . 
  scotland act 2012 comes into force in 2016 , until then we can vary income tax by 3p on the pound of the uk rate, 
  how many people you looking for ? 
  because i 'd do bits and bobs but really i know that on thursday and friday it 's not going to be a time to be sitting on a computer so could n't say i 'd do that, 
  from what sources are you getting this impression ? 
  it 's rare not to hear it , ask them if they ever have , maybe you 'll get a different response . 
  the reaction to his comment is clearly a result of the `` football hooligan '' remark , it has been a standard tactic of the no campaign to make those voting yes appear to be undesirables , calling us unpatriotic etc , it 's just a little tiresome now . 
  yes it 's an important decision , we 're all very well aware of that , we 've been collectively debating it vigorously for the last 2 years and if people are being honest it 's an issue that while not always discussed has always been present . 
  the electorate is informed , we know what we 're voting on , we are expecting record turnouts after already having had a record 97 % of the electorate register to vote . 
  the people in scotland right now are the best placed to make this decision in the world , everyone is engaged , everyone is and has been talking about it continuously for what seems like forever , as usual people are taking the parental role and wondering as david cameron did the other day if we realise that this is n't an election but the simple fact is i would ` nt be surprised if your average person on the street could now go toe to toe with the best of politicians on the issue , so yeah , if you could get the message round that the patronising attitudes are getting old that 'd be great . 
  if you 're travelling in england with a scottish accent you 're pretty much guaranteed to hear some form of being told that `` we pay for you '' , it 's there . 
  yeah , i know , that 's an unlikely scenario at the minute but even if that ends up being the case , it 's not a reason to vote no, 
  the negotiations would begin with the current parliament, 
  pretty sure there 's actually no agreed process for negotiations actually , the uk governments official position thus far is to make 0 contingency plans for a yes vote . 
  the scottish government expect about 18 months of negotiations before independence occurs but that 's not set in stone , it 'll really be as long or as short as is needed . 
  could just be that it genuinely is n't registering with them , 99 % of things that have happened with scotland in terms of independence have been missed in the rest of the uk , it 's only since that poll showing a majority yes that its become a main story there, 
  the latest bilateral breakup was south sudan , spain was right there with the majority of the rest of the world recognising them on the first day, 
   in his gq interview , campbell sought to establish salmond 's view of the russian president by asking : `` putin ? . '', 
  salmond replied : `` well , i do n't approve of a range of russian actions , but he is more effective than the press he gets and you can see why he carries support in russia . '', 
   `` admire him ? \u201a '' asked campbell . 
  salmond replied : `` certain aspects . 
  there are aspects of russian constitutionality and the intermesh with business and politics that are obviously difficult to admire . 
  he 's restored a substantial part of russian pride and that must be a good thing . 
  russians are fantastic people , incidentally ; they are lovely people . '', 
   asked on wednesday whether he would give a different answer now , salmond replied : `` if i was asked the same question today , i would go into detail on the annexation of crimea , but that was n't possible and indeed , of course , i have done that subsequent to it ; it was n't possible before it happened . 
  my view is that the interview was perfectly balanced and people , when they see it in context , would think that as well . '', 
  the timing of this is used against him , it was straight after the winter olympics but the opposition ( who it later emerged had ties to a russian oligarch directly affected by the sanctions ) seized on the opportunity, 
  we are fully aware of what that is like already . 
  the rest of the uk has had limited exposure to the whole debate , there is wide acknowledgement of there being risks of independence and the probability of short term difficulties for the ability of long term change , however that does n't play in the rest of the uk where the level of understanding roughly sits at every yes voter being coerced into voting and being duped with promises of oil utopia . 
  it plays to a superiority complex . 
  i think the point is that at the start of the referendum we 're having , better together ( the no campaign ) had such a commanding lead that people were essentially saying to just hold the vote tomorrow to get it out of the way , it was a clear cut win and they had it well in the bag . 
  2 years later and we might just be about to vote yes , if there is a repeat of such a campaign on a brexit , especially as the starting figures are no where near as convincing for remaining in , we could easily be out . 
  united kingdom land mass : 243,610 km ^ 2 guess the uk is a small nation too then by your metric, 
  paisley , looks yes but then it was always going to be a yes here, 
  10 days, 
  devolution means that authority over certain areas , healthcare for example , is no longer at westminster for scotland ( and wales & n.i. ), 
  however westminster still has authority over all areas of policy in england , this means that scottish mp 's are entitled to vote on matters that affect only england ( though since the scottish budget is directly tied to english expenditure there really are n't any but that 's another argument altogether ) the three main westminster parties are happy to use these votes when needed , the snp takes a moral stance against voting on such issues in westminster despite the budgetary concerns i mentioned and i 'm not sure about welsh or n.i. 
  parties . 
  the question was named because it was the mp for west lothian who asked how such a situation could be allowed to happen ( it was originally an argument against devolution and is now just another way that the uk political system is broken without any will to repair it because it can come in useful . ), 
  you * might * like this then , it 's pro yes only so not a mix like that one but i like it . 
  [ lady alba - bad romance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5svdecwnyj4 ) ( it gets good , starts a bit bad though ), 
  as opposed to ukgbni, 
  well fingers crossed it does , hopefully the only way is up !, 
  bit sad to read about the constitutional ban but at the same time glad croatia made this step , it 's a pretty big one too , good work . 
  everythings pointing to there being no need for people to be encouraged to vote , do n't quote me on it but i would n't be overly surprised with a turnout above 95 %, 
  both are funded by donations from mostly individuals , each has received lots of smaller donations and large ones from wealthy patrons . 
  participation , most especially in the yes campaign , has been a grassroots thing , it 's not people getting paid to do things , they 're volunteering their time and doing it because they believe in it . 
  the united kingdom of southern britain and northern ireland , it has a certain balance to it, 
  for the longest time i 've thought it would be a close no , i 'm now thinking anything 's possible, 
  i think the majority of people would agree with you , myself included , devo-max ( though preferably federalism ) is ideal , thing is , announcing it just before the vote so peope ca n't consider their options fully is bloody ridiculous , also , if as is being reported the no campaign has been working on this in the background after already making a final offer then that pretty much sums up what everyone knew , devolution is only used to temper the snp , not because it is seen as a good thing , they 're essentially saying today : `` we had this really good plan in the works in case it looked like you would vote yes and now that it 's a real possibility we 're offering you it and * only * because you might vote yes '', 
  yeah , the fact they made their `` big '' offer months ago and now just over a week out from the vote we 're supposed to be offered something better just emphasises that that 's all it is , a carrot, 
  yeah , pretty much , the spanish gov have made clear that they wont agree to independence for any part of spain , catalonia is having a referendum just after us and obviously it wo n't be one the spanish gov recognises , if it does happen in spain it can * only * be unilateral, 
  scotland : shit got real . 
  spain is happy so long as it 's clear that the secession is bi-lateral and not unilateral . 
  well / u/myprou was talking about the suns biases and then you commented that the article was pretty neutral , maybe you did realise but you did n't seem to, 
  the linked article is form the polling company , not the newspaper . 
  there 's been a little bit of a `` who gets the oil '' in papers like the mail , it is quickly realised that there is n't a leg to stand on there so it becomes `` who owns the infrastructure '' but then it is quickly realised that there is n't one to stand on there either as its been a 99.9999 % private venture at which point it becomes `` there 's barely any oil left anyway , do n't know why you want it '', 
  saying 16 % of our mep 's is technically correct but is done for obvious reasons , when you say that he is the only ukip politician elected in scotland and that he was elected on 10 % of the vote , with 35 % turnout , it give a whole other impression of the situation, 
   this is currently illegal and would be laughed out of court . 
  key word there is currently , if a court rules against it and they 're still all for it then the gov might just use a bit of [ retroactive ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ex_post_facto_law#united_kingdom ) legislation . 
  you can , and it can be relatively cheap depending on the make & model, 
  there 's more to that study and it is taking a hard line , if we vote no we get our funding reduced , to the uk average ( no mention of bringing our tax take in line with the uk average though funny enough ) while also wanting to remove scottish mp 's ability to vote on `` english ony issues '' which would be fine if `` english only '' issues did n't determine scottish funding which they do . 
  [ skara brae ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/skara_brae_12.jpg/800px-skara_brae_12.jpg ) , +5 culture +2 food [ the kelpies ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/83/the_kelpies%2c_at_the_helix%2c_scotland.jpg/800px-the_kelpies%2c_at_the_helix%2c_scotland.jpg ) , allows you to build a culture specific mounted unit and gifts a free cavalry every 5 turns . 
  [ callanish stones ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/standing_stones_of_callanish_%28callanish_i%29_%289605427%29.jpg ) , +5 faith and for a natural wonder : [ the great glen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_glen ) , units can only move 1 space at a time within your territory , also removes any offensive or defensive advantages from enemies within your territory . 
   and i 'm perplexed again . 
  this is the exact situation of the ireland-northern ireland border . 
  the precedent is there . 
  this is * nothing * to do with precedent , it 's a case of scotland being able to get an opt out for something we would need an opt out for , the uk & ireland have one , that is why they can do it , you would n't say `` sweden does n't use the euro , the precedent is there '' it is n't a case of there being no other examples to draw from , it 's a case of the political reality that we 'd be asking to opt-out of a fundamental part of the eu , any country doing that is going to have to make concessions of some sort , even if it 's unquestionable that it 'll be allowed . 
  i know all about these , i 've studied it in great detail but we are talking about politics , not a mathematical formula , where you seem to be suggesting i 'm unaware of other countries positions where they are functionally in similar situations where you 're missing the point that any accession of scotland is going to be 90 % political which completely changes the scene . 
  informal currency union, 
   i 'm quite surprised at the perception of things .
