  the thing is , we 'd be looking to take up the mantle of being a member state ourselves ... so just as last time when this was brought up adnauseum , it does n't apply to the situation we 're looking at and is just a statement of fact . 
  though this has given us a clear indication that the press is already worried about independence this time , more so than last time . 
  well that 's exactly what the scottish government are pursuing right now , they 're actually putting independence on the backburner for the moment and seeing if they can pursue that , it 's not even a political ploy since the lib dems have given their backing to it saying they feel they genuinely are trying to do this . 
  the thing is , i just do n't think it would be workable at all , i think it would take too much work on the uk 's part and they 'd ultimately concede and a referendum would happen . 
  2 main reasons really . 
  scotland 's never existed in the modern world , we do n't know how we 'd adapt to it , obviously things would work out alright after some teething trouble but it 's that step into the dark when the present while imperfect is n't awful that 's difficult . 
  the second and most important one i think though is affinity for the rest of the uk ( and ireland , ) do n't get me wrong , the whole of europe too gets a lot of love but england wales and the two irelands are like the siblings we grew up with and the rest of europe are just as much brothers and sisters but there was an age gap if that makes sense ? 
  it 's hard to shut the door on that chapter . 
  for example as much as i 'm a committed european , if we go independent and get into the eu etc , it 'll never feel complete until england & wales ( and ni assuming they do n't unify before then ) rejoin the fold . 
  i 'm a little biased but it 's kind of hard to explain the total mindset shift that has happened since friday , it was like the straw that broke the camels back and it was immediately apparent with everyone knowing someone who 2 years ago would never entertain the idea now bringing it up as what should happen on their own . 
  it 'll fall back a bit undoubtedly , but in terms of the independence debate , it 's not the same country it was last week . 
  the most important thing is that people have come round to the idea in the first place , 68 % say yes or dk currently . 
  sure it will inevitably swing back a bit but the fact that from the outset such a large number is amenable to the idea makes the prospect magnitudes more likely than last time . 
  northern ireland i ca n't comment on , but while it may well swing back the other way , shit is going down in scotland right now and people who were outright opposed to the idea last time have been converted in a matter of hours . 
  that 's the case . 
  also eu citizens though not getting the automatic citizenship would be eligible to apply and would be pretty much guaranteed it . 
  the same criteria will doubtless be on offer in the next referendum . 
   scotland on its own with 27 other countries is the hope . 
  the bit where he voted out of the eu to stop migration from muslim countries and explicitly stated that he was fine with migration from european countries . 
  and he 's far from the only one that seems to have mistaken free movement of people as applying to the entire globe . 
  i do n't know , the euro has been a complete non-option for the longest time because of its popular perception , i think with the pound falling like it is that perception will be gradually changed . 
  i 'd expect us in the euro within 5 years of joining but not from the outset no . 
  a border would be highly contentious , i know how difficult it 'd be to manage but i think with the political will it could definetly be done , do n't forget , assuming northern ireland does n't go for a border poll we are likely to have exactly this scenario anyway . 
  no but we 'd be bordering a non-schengen country ( only actually ) , since all new members are required to adopt schengen it 'd necessitate a border with england unless we could secure an opt out from it . 
  sometimes when there 's a political party etc that you are so opposed to you can be very dismissive of them and say things like they 've no plan at all when really it just means you disagree with their plans etc. 
  with all the fairness in the world that i can muster , ukip have no plan whatsoever and have basically said that it 's britain , so it 'll find its way somehow . 
  tl ; dr no , there 's no plan . 
  honestly it 's not the tory government that scares me , it 's the inevitable ukip surge that will likely have an election very soon to capitalise on . 
  the scottish deficit is n't truly known . 
  there 's something of a rotterdam effect with scottish exports being counted as to the rest of the uk since they go across the border to england when their final destination is elsewhere as one example . 
  fact is , the scottish economy is more resilient than has been made out in recent times , onshore growth has actually outstripped the retractions caused by the low oil price . 
   by the current european attitude to the uk the ruk should seek to destroy scotland economically if they leave because that 's what cooperation is all about . 
  there was a lot of that attitude around directed at scotland in 2014 from the rest of the uk too you know . 
  last time was the result of an unexpected majority . 
  heh , never noticed that parallel before actually . 
  the uk negotiated a `` real '' opt out in the first place to try and appease anti-eu voters , not because it really needed one . 
  funny enough if they 'd taken another approach with that sort of issue we might not have the result we do . 
  look up ermii, 
  that would basically mean scotland being viewed as the successor state which obviously would never happen . 
  i personally want scotland as part of the eu with the support of every member as a fundamental . 
  i do n't want us looking for exceptions from the outset with the sole exception of schengen for the obvious border implications . 
  whether apply from within or outwith we 'd be looking for unanimous support of our application . 
  hence why nicola sturgeon has said she will be talking to each and every leader of government in the eu over the next while . 
  yes , and since meeting the criteria ( or failing to do so ) is entirely within the remit of the member states themselves , each can defer adoption until they are ready for it . 
   if he had n't promised a referendum he 'd be in coalition with ukip and we 'd have had a referendum anyway . 
  or he 'd be in coalition with them right now taking credit for successes and pinning all failures on ukip , toxifying their party and by extension their stance on the eu . 
  if we went for it via udi then it would . 
  we will not be doing that so they wont care . 
  oh please , that option is floated every time scotland 's looking too hard at independence at this point it 's a joke that 'd likely insult people enough to drive up support for independence . 
  i really think the only opt out that will be sought is on schengen and that would purely be about trying to keep the border one on paper only . 
  aside from that i do n't think we 'd care enough about any of the other opt outs ( especially the euro which every country has a de facto opt out on ) to stop us joining the eu . 
  we know the spanish attitude fully . 
  if scotland went independent unilaterally then it would be vetoed , it will not be by that path we go independent so it does n't apply . 
  the precedent set by scotland wont apply to catalonia unless spain accepts the ( potential ) decision of catalonia without objection . 
  and if they 're doing that then there 's no need for the precedent in the first place . 
  you have no idea . 
  die hard unionists , like the type proper seething two years ago at the idea of independence are now very visibly talking about independence . 
  no , it did n't . 
  there 's plenty people who talk out their arses about who said what in our referendum , the spanish said they 'd be fine with an independent scotland so long as it was a mutual decision . 
  not a unilateral declaration which it would n't be . 
  proportionally speaking scotland still has a massive financial services presence in edinburgh . 
  what about the western isles ? 
  always feel bad for them never being remembered, 
  poor gibraltar , they 're between a rock and a hard place with this , i can very well see them waving tata to the uk over this . 
  spain said the opposite , got a source on belgium ? 
  ni maybe , wales no ... they voted for this , scotland , maybe . 
  wales ? 
  but they 're also as a party committed europeans , do n't overlook the very real anger at all levels of the snp right now never mind the country at large . 
  its been heavily hinted that there 's been a few conversations testing the water on that front already . 
  yup , aside from the violence there was no violence . 
  farage 's quote about no bullets being fired only reffering to yesterday i 'm guessing ? 
  this was what the leave campaign said , redo the commonwealth . 
  lets face it , he 'll be getting replaced by someone far more fond of the colonial tradition bringing with them a far harsher attitude to scotland . 
  its gone beyond * far * beyond england/scotland on this one . 
  fingers crossed it still could be remain but if it 's not then poor gibraltar . 
  you would be surprised how many are thinking of this as a proxy vote on immigration in general . 
  honestly , i 've encountered that attitude a lot from english people about scottish people , more often than not though it seems to be because scots are far quicker to denounce the empire it 's assumed that they also believe that scotland had no part in it . 
  it 's not that we do n't think we were part of it , it 's that we 're more likely to wish we had n't been . 
  the very reason i made my reply was because the incorrect implication of the person i replied to was what you just said , that scottish people do n't think we played a part in the empire . 
  they happen yeah , but frankly when you hear about a mass shooting in europe ( eu ) it 's shocking , when you hear about one in the usa it 's a shame but it 's more a case of `` where was it this time ? '', 
  than shock . 
  scotland played a big role in the empire , there 's a sizeable chunk of scots who are very nationalistically british and no doubt yearn for those sorts of days ( i mean look at the oo , they hark back to the 16/1700 's as glory days never mind the 1900 's ) and those sorts of attitudes will represent a fair chunk of the scottish brexit vote just like the counterpart in england . 
  there 'll also be those like in england voting for brexit for far more moderate reasons making up a significant chunk . 
  it 's not a massive coincidence at all , tell people that their country is about to be sold out to the forces of armageddon and you 'll inevitably have some crazies who believe it . 
  it 's not surprise that when this vote has been talked about as though it 's a matter of life or death that some will be viewing it as such . 
   no , being against pc is a new thing . 
  it 's really not that new at all , type in political correctness and set the date range to decades back and you 'll find people talking about this new fangled political correctness . 
  it has been a long standing thing but it 's just a very basic `` we 're saying what the ( imagined ) `` they '' do n't want us to say '' attitude , setting your beliefs against an imagined overwhelming opposition is just a way to put your belief in the position of the underdog . 
  norway is the lannisters, 
  \\ + tattie scone, 
  wait , are you saying that 's not the case already ? 
  i 'd have thought that sort of thing went without saying . 
  a proper campaign period is need for a referendum in the snp 's view , that means 2 years not this few months with no opportunity for a debate nonsense , also in order for them to call a referendum , though nothing has been said officially it 's pretty well suspected that independence would be polling a minimum of 60 % for a year before they 'd call one to ensure it was a majority wanted it again and not just based on a fluke . 
  so in total a minimum of 3 years . 
  so the uk having just left the eu primarily due to immigration concerns will simply continue an unchecked border with ireland which has free movement with the rest of the eu ? 
  the cta only works because the immigration policies of ireland and the uk are mutually acceptable . 
  i 'd say the usa is far more individualist in approach to everything , it 's a country born of a revolution , war and frontier living , the sense that every person is on their own even if they 're in a community just seems to emanate a need for everyone to be their own person to have accomplished anything . 
  obviously i 'm speaking generally here and it wo n't apply universally but i 'd say there 's more a divide between a let me help you / let me give you the means to help yourself sort of attitude . 
  differences like gun control are just symptoms of that more individualistic mindset , the idea that the individual must protect themselves and be eternally vigilant of others is what leads to stuff like that . 
  for me that 's the biggy , collectivist vs individualistic , both are culturally a mix of the two it 's just that imo the usa tends to lean more towards individualism and the uk/europe leans more to collectivism though like i say both have elements of both .
