  spain has already made clear that it recognises the distinction between unilateral and bi-lateral secession , there is also the fact that through use of an article 48 motion , all countries would retain their ability to veto accession , so already the process has a double protection to ensure that only if there is agreement with the parent state will a country be able to enter the eu, 
  lots of people assume that the obligation to join the euro means that it 's unavoidable , you 're right , there are tests to complete before a country can even join the euro , these are easily sabotaged , one ( ermii ) is even entirely voluntary . 
  we 'd be `` obliged '' to join , we 'd just be in the position to decide when we join , whether it 's 2017 or 2070 , just like every other eu member, 
  because the fights been going so well ? 
  start calling for devolution then i 'll believe the rest of the uk is interested . 
  but there 's a massive difference between moving forward and moving in a direction that the public oppose , if there was a eu referendum and the vote to leave was no , then a couple months later the parties all start advocating federalism , then farage would be back on your tv faster than you can blink , because he would rightly represent the views of a majority of people who had voted to remain in the eu but not for closer integration , they 'd have been mislead about what would happen with the result . 
  it 'd be like a local council holding a vote on whether or not to build a new playpark , the vote is no so the council closes all the local schools because `` people voted against having somewhere for children to go '' it 's taking a single vote and extrapolating it to mean an opposite extreme . 
  ( as a side note , how often do you actually see salmond on your screen ? 
  he 's played an incredibly minimal role in the last few months and the uk-wide news has pretty much ignored the referendum thus far ), 
   just give them the fecking referendum . 
  until that happens the uk is going to continue limping along not wanting federalisation and being a road block to further integration whatever way a referendum goes , the uk is not going to become a hotspot of pro-federalism , the public is trying to be won over on the idea of the eu remaining as it is with some powers gained back , there is no chance that if a referendum kept us in europe we 'd suddenly become a voice for federalism . 
  it 'd be like in the ( scottish ) independence referendum , if there was a no vote , the scottish people deciding to abolish the scottish parliament , rejecting one course of action does n't mean you have to jump to the next extreme , the uk will always be a roadblock to federalisation , barring some major change in constitutional politics . 
  it 's more like inheriting a really nice house in a really shitty neighbourhood and everyone from the shittier parts wants to move into your house . 
  it was always a pr win for him , if he stood up to junckers appointment and won then he 's the man who told the eu what to do and it listened . 
  if he stood up to it and failed then he 's the man that 's not afraid to tell the eu what it 's doing wrong / confront it . 
  it 's all about public opinion and in the uk , fenerally speaking , even those that are for the eu are not looking for further integration, 
  the arse end of nowhere, 
  2 countries in a union together with a flag representing that union . 
  why is it acceptable that it 's flown in one situation and not pushing an agenda considering both situations have membership of those unions hotly contested issues at the moment . 
   ukip voters complain that the uk does n't have enough influence in the eu and then they elect people who do absolutely nothing to fix that issue . 
  ukip voters complain that the uk is in the eu and they elect a party that spends its entire time sticking two fingers up to the eu through doing virtually nothing, 
  pretty much any town council too, 
   told the guardian it was not true that his brother was deliberately supporting the england team 's rivals . 
  `` that 's just rubbish . 
  he supported uruguay in the last world cup and he 's got special tickets that mean you have to follow whoever gets through into the next round . 
  if england were a bit better at football then maybe he 'd be following them all the way to the final . '', 
   he began his trip by making a 300 mile ( 500km ) trek up the amazon river to deliver football kit donated by friends on facebook to an orphanage . 
  he made a similar charity drop-off to disadvantaged children when he attended the 2010 world cup in south africa . 
  after this tournament , he plans to visit another brother who lives in costa rica . 
  it 's like hitlers come back !, 
  when the bbc is putting out stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-27002723 ) , i ca n't see how anyone can call it impartial . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  north irish ( uk ) 2 . 
  irish ( republic of ) 3 . 
  scottish ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  chinese 3 . 
  portuguese pretty cool !, 
  ehh , the plan is to stay in nato, 
  yeah , like i said it 's the exception , that 's another , people do n't look at the exceptions though . 
  it 's the automatic assumption from outside looking in , it is very rare to hear of countries * or * people having amicable divorce where they go separate ways but remain friends , this one bucks the trend in that regard in that it 's really nothing hostile but the assumption of many will be that there must be . 
  well i 'm pro-yes so i 'd obviously point out that the situation of a country joining from having never been in the eu compared to one that has been in for 40 years is going to be different , the plan is negotiate in the interim period ( between the vote and the declaration ) and be a member on day 1 of independence ( 18 months roughly ), 
  plain old accession ? 
  2.8 years - finland west and east germany unifying ( bringing west in ) was * much * quicker , but it was n't actually an accession in that it did n't enlarge the actual number, 
  the end goal really is subsidiarity , the things best handled at a local , national and supernational level are handled at that level , military is one of those things that in the long term is likely to be supernational , everyone can see it coming but noone wants to admit to it because it alienates those country 's that are fundamentally opposed to it . 
  that 's what i mean , the general areas that will be given up to the eu should just be admitted to right now , those that were never going to agree will just leave allowing those that will integrate to do so . 
  [ that 's what we currently have ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_integration#membership_in_european_union_agreements ) truth is , for a * union * to work long term , you need to have everyone on the same page , at the moment everyones singing from a different hymn sheet , what the eu needs to do is to clearly set out aims and objectives , closer integration but to what end goal ? 
  doing that will weed out the countries where that is n't acceptable who will quit the union but in the long term it means you have the countries that want to , working and cooperating towards that goal . 
  the obvious difference being that there is a set date for our referendum . 
  the eu wo n't ever `` leap '' into federalism , it 'll happen slowly , bit by bit . 
  the schuman declaration said as much with :  europe will not be made all at once , or according to a single , general plan . 
  it will be built through concrete achievements , which first create a de facto solidarity and monnet even better when he said that  established through crises and ... the outcomes will be the sum of the outcome of these crisis this rise in euroscepticism is a crisis of sorts , how the individual countries respond to that crisis is just another determining point in what the eu will look like , maybe a few will leave but those that stay will stay because they want to further integrate and in the end that will make them stronger . 
  yeah , that 's not what the prime minister is , that 's applying a presidential standard to a position which is really just a big mess of convention . 
  [ standard wikipedia link response ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prime_minister_of_the_united_kingdom ), 
  thing is , this is just how the votes are attributed in the parliament , some countries ( like the uk ) divide the country into multiple regions , most others including spain count themselves as a single constituency . 
  i get where you 're coming from but what would you suggest the cut off point be ? 
  eventually you 're comparing different wards in the same town and when you 're trying to show it in a map the size of this then it just does n't work . 
  nah it 's cool you did n't , it 's just i often find that argument being applied and it gets to me because the people never apply it in the opposite direction , like if someone asks where to draw the line , why should a country get smaller then surely it applies in the opposite direction , why are countries allowed to be separate in the first place , the truth is people will work it out amongst themselves and rules governing it are n't helpful, 
  cool , i was n't looking to argue that point in the first place anyway , and i made it perfectly clear it was my own view, 
  as in those countries which are in trouble often receive help in the form of aid , i mean convention as in a non-codified understanding . 
  and if those places can support themselves or if they are currently not being supported anyway then yes they have that right , even betond that , i do n't agree that the rich areas should be able to leave the poor areas but i do think the poor areas should be able to leave the rich, 
  you 're talking about something different , i believe that both states must be able to support themselves after the decision for a reasonable period . 
  after that though we 're all adults , states which can not support their citizens are given help , that is the international convention, 
  if those people show a genuine and standing desire to do so then yes , power is n't something to be hoarded , if a group of people believe that they are better suited to govern themselves then good luck to them . 
  no not at all , but i think the society is based around the idea that those who make their lives somewhere have a right to decide how that area is governed , there may be some people who perhaps should n't have a vote because they do n't intend on sticking around but ultimately it 's worth it so that those that do have the choice , also you do n't have to see yourself as scottish to be part of scottish society . 
  if i 'm reading you right , you 're suggesting that the vote be based around ethnic lines ? 
  like you have to have been born here and it does n't matter where you live for you to deserve a vote ? 
  if that 's right then that 's just not how things work , the people living here and basing their lives here are the people who deserve a vote . 
  the basic ideas of conservatism * are * accepted here , it 's just that we do n't take it to quite the same extent as the tories do , the tories are a toxic brand but the message is n't , the core of it anyway , an independent scotland would be likely to have a conservative resurgence when they inevitably re-brand themselves , i 'd say we 're further left but by no means are we tree hugging hippies , very very far from it . 
  i do n't think anyone aside from the most hardcore british nationalists would deny that the scottish people are `` a people '', 
  no you 're right , there are distinctions between different types of nationalism and that 's what you 're talking about , there is ethnic nationalism and civic nationalism , civic nationalism is based around the idea of participation in society , ethnic is based ( as you 'd guess ) around ethnicity , i think there is a tendency nowadays to think of any nationalism as ethnic , where i 'm from for example there is the snp ( scottish national party ) who are currently pushing for independence , they are however civic nationalists but if you were to listen to their opponents you 'd believe they were ethnic nationalists . 
  i think that a few of the newer parties that have risen in recent years are toeing the line between being ethnic or being civic in that many of those that are being presented as being wholly ethnic nationalists actually talk about things like a lack of integration amongst immigrant communities which is a much more civic nationalist thing but then there 's the whole x jobs for x workers which is completely ethnic nationalism . 
  i prefer why we got into it in the first place - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvrn-gkzvyi, 
   i 've heard election scientists ( what are they called in english ? ), 
  they 're called psephologists, 
  yes , i 'm sure the one idiot with a coke bottle is very sad right now . 
  or maybe universities recognise that they are supposed to be bastions of free thought allowing inquisitive minds to flourish and that defining an official position one way or the other damages that , especially on pretty much the biggest topic of debate many alive here have ever seen . 
  it 's always nice to imagine some great big conspiracy where none exists , reality is tougher to swallow, 
  and i have n't said you and every other englishman does anything , you 're some troll are n't you ? 
  grow up , bloody child, 
  no i would n't but i think you 're missing the point , it 's the attitude of just vote for one or the other and this time things will improve ... promise . 
  i never called you complicit ? 
  perhaps you 're thinking of someone different ? 
  if you 're talking about the fact that i was talking in general terms then that 's something you 'll have to get used to for conversations in general . 
  the things being dismantled are n't being dismantled out of necessity , they 're being dismantled because of an ideological opposition under the guise of necessity . 
  the first point stands , even if you for some strange reason think the lib dems are n't an establishment party , the majority vote for tories * or * labour i did not , i chose my words carefully to avoid being accused of this  start to ** seriously ** challenge the status quo and nothings happened  so you are admitting you where complicit with the status quo , but you berate every single englishman for the same thing . 
  read what i said again , it is n't my job to choose who you vote for , how is choosing alternatives and hoping that the majority bloc finally ends up doing the same being complicit ? 
   this is exactly my point , you got everything you supposedly voted for but you still are n't happy . 
  far from it , i have a government in charge which is dismantling the things that once made this country a good place , inequality is something to aspire to and greed is to be admired , this is n't the government i voted for and yet they control incredible amounts of things here directly and indirectly have an influence on pretty much everything else . 
  2010 , 12 % of people voted for someone other than the major three , since 3.5 % of that is with regional parties , that puts the majority of people at less than 10 % voting for alternatives to that , i did n't say it does n't happen but it 's shown no sign of changing , i and many others spent ages waiting for somewhere else in the uk outside of wales & ni start to seriously challenge the status quo and nothings happened , just the same old routine of hoping something will miraculously change . 
  as for your reason for the vote , that does n't hold up , the 1997 referendum was a multi question ballot , it produced a quantifiable result despite having a non fixed definition of what tax varying powers or indeed just powers in general the scottish parliament would have, 
  do i have proof ? 
  unfortunately not , is it a clear situation that is easy to read for anyone remotely familiar with the political landscape ? 
  yes wanting it but insisting that labour/tories are the only options outside of protest voting in eu & local elections is doing nothing about it , i have no doubt that there are tons of people that want change but there 's nonbe looking to change anything , the scottish parliament is a great example of the attitude , whenever the scottish government makes a good decision , the question asked in ruk is n't `` why do n't we have that '' it 's `` why do they '' there 's a persistent attitude that the existing structure will bring about a solution eventually and deviation from it should be avoided, 
  the single question was called because as i said it was believed that the vote would be a shoe-in for no , that 's why devo-max was removed from the ballots , it was thought if you can get the independence question off the table and without having to give more power then it should be done . 
  i want independence and i also want the rest of the uk to actually do something about the political system we 've been begging you all to get on board with reforming for decades , of course that 'll be the rest of the uk 's decision for the second one but it 'd be nice to finally see it . 
  what `` more '' do i want ? 
  nothing, 
  the 79 referendum was post-legislative , all the negotiating was done all mediation and the outcomes decided , whether or not that outcome should proceed was what was put to the ballot , the question was :  parliament has decided to consult the electorate in scotland on the question whether the scotland act 1978 should be put into effect . 
  do you want the provisions of the scotland act 1978 to be put into effect ?
