that 's the kind of people that do n't watch lain , utena or versailles because it is `` too old '' . 
  `` too old '' is of course the ultimate pleb reason . 
  `` hanging gardens of babylon ? 
  uh , good that they are done nowadays all those hanging gardens stuff is so old , it 's aaaall about chilling . 
  old people . 
  i ca n't even . '', 
  max & moritz turn into furries ? 
  struwwelpeter has his own museum in frankfurt , so when you are around for whatever reason you may want to vitit it . 
  `` liberal stronghold higher education turns you into a worseless furry . '', 
  - right wing america, 
  that frankfurt is n't on there despite having 600k + inhabitants triggers the fuck out of me . 
   ever watched rescue rangers and got a funny feeling in your pants when you saw gadget hackwrench ? 
  in that case , congrats , you are now a furry . 
  meanwhile in russia : [ russian cult worships female cartoon character ] ( http://www.odditycentral.com/news/russian-cult-worships-female-cartoon-character.html ), 
  thanks , looks interessting . 
  maybe later i go to askhistorians and ask why there are common displays of multiheaded dragon in the area . 
  one part is running from the orange , the other part wants to `` save western civilization '' . 
  the inside of eggs is yellow and yellow is the color of liberalism which is destroying the west . 
  obviously . 
  to my ( way to vast ) knowledge there is n't one . 
  question : would you feel comfortable if your son was in a relationship with an anime girl ? 
  sweden : 10-19 % would . 
  question : same question as above , but the anime girl 's name is mohammed . 
  sweden : 80-89 % would, 
  but the 2d world is another country . 
  why do they have to so many heads ? 
  any folkloristic precourser or so ? 
  local markets are the best . 
   s\u00fcs\u00fc is a little dragon who is born with only one head is that uncommon ? 
  or with two chins . 
  hitler with at least 2 heads of dead parasitic brothers attached to him . 
  goethe , everyone that disagrees is an offenbacher . 
  as is adenauer . 
  true that . 
  imo the sentiment that you describe in the second part of the sentence is mainly popular , because too many people consume liberal us media wether first or second hand without keeping their ( partly moronic ) ideas in mind . 
  directly after trump was elected they completly bashed anything that was poor and without a high profile defender from an ivy league as degenerate , per se racist , brainless , free of intelligent , basically on the level of an animal . 
  then they shifted to something roughly summed up as  since - as we all know - every person that could have voted for him is either as intelligent as a potato , has a mental illness or has other things that calls into question if they are a full fledged human , they could n't have made the sovereign decision to vote for him . 
  so who seduced those pre-human potatos ? 
  russia tried to influence the election therefore everything that lead to trump winning must be their fault . 
  it probably helped that most of the journalist are born in higher classes and went to university , because - as elite sociologist michael hartmann mentioned during a deutschlandfunk discussion - many people with a university degree do n't think that people without one are doing rational actions . 
  and austria belongs to germany . 
  it does n't help that his family is from hungary . 
  i 'm already going ... 
   as depicted in this statue , hermann 's eastward gaze and upraised sword signify freedom from rome . 
  perhaps not coincidentally , a statue of st. paul atop the nearby roman catholic cathedral of the holy trinity also gazes eastward , with his sword point-down , planted firmly in the ground . 
  imo both are about the same , the big difference is that welt is more low brow while it 's online version is just mobpolitics ; faz online & offline is mostly high brow . 
  relevanter username, 
  that 's because russian tanks have an own free will , russian planes on the other hand do n't , but russian philosophers are getting there . 
  it just takes time . 
  what roger scruton describes is a classical case of `` when it rains , it pours '' , cause it was n't only functionalistic architecture ... there was aswell functionalistic city planning . 
  among other things they literally created clean splits in a city with one area being `` work '' , the other `` free time/parks '' , the other `` living '' . 
  those `` work '' parts for example where build in a way that nobody got to have a reason to be there after work hour ( 18:00 or 20:00 , depends ) . 
  the part he describes seems to be such a `` work '' area . 
  overall that concept had horrendous effect on cities where it was implemented ; among other things that in `` living '' parts there where no supermarkets etc. 
  so everyone ( including old people that ca n't walk much ) had to drive to another area to even get a big of chips , no parks nearby and building houses very close together lead to a heating up of `` living '' areas and some even had very hard wind due to the street canyon . 
  several cities are still trying to fix the shit such urban planning style caused . 
  when i had my `` history of architecture '' class i was really shocked that people thought such a thing where a good idea . 
  ah , yeah , nearly forgotten them . 
  redefine me & simplicity demand are my favorites of them . 
  for australia important is aswell [ disembowelment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oitfnx2tuz0 ) , death/doom with some grind passages and status as legends . 
  [ mournful congregation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6g2dya_eb6g ) funeral doom . 
  but let 's face it , the australian band with the biggest following and influence in the metal scene is dead can dance , despite not being a metal band . 
  and we are the damned for entombed style death 'n' roll . 
  and saturnus , mnemic & volbeat . 
  on the other hand 80 % of the dutch bands are symphonic metal bands with a front woman who for a noteworthy time did have or is having red hair . 
  they hacker could do something like this : the twitteraccount of the german minstry of defence after the japan-germany deal : `` this time without italy '', 
  and that 's why romanticism will always be widespread in europe . 
  so what you are saying is that cats are communist ? 
  i would say : destroy them !, 
  poland shall never again be ruled again by the communists !, 
  the later one completly bows down to putin . 
  true . 
  i 'm personally on a religious level very far away from the jehovah witnesses , but they deserve ( a bit ) more credit . 
  jw always obey the laws as long as they are n't massivly in distune with their views , for example they wo n't join the military and are neutral-nonparticipating in state-rituals . 
  the last part is especially the one nearly every dictator hates on . 
  in nazi germany they for example never did the hitler salute . 
  during 1936/1937 they circulated hundred of thousands anti-hitler leaflets around which of course was n't very well regarded and many of them went straight to a concentration camp . 
  so , nobody should be all to happy when jw are banned . 
  their religious doctrines may be shit , but when shit hits the fan they can be a very vocal opposition to dictatorship . 
  both aldi brothers are dead . 
  # 1 now is probably the daughter of karl ( aldi s\u00fcd ) . 
  true , vegan cyclist take animal rights at least very serious , a vegetarian cyclist on the other hand ... 
  and a german nazi, 
  imo it looks like a hairstyle of a footballplayer . 
  see , that 's why the germans tend to be metaphysicians . 
  luckily unlike the pole you do n't need good upvotes to go to heaven , believing in godvote is enough . 
  the eu-japan trade deal is already paying off . 
  something something papist something something, 
  fritz , we need bath towels . 
  if you do n't read it you are clearly a terrorist that hate erdogan !, 
  yeah , it is . 
  he just needs to start a war, 
  why is bosnia so sad ? 
  and it starts again . 
  true , still laughted about the may picture though . 
  in germany it has more to do with the fact that marriage is the only area where the cdu can still claim to be conservative , if they lose that part they just have no more ties to conservatism in any way . 
  it aswell helps that all other parties will throw gay marriage under the bus the second they can ... 
  and in german aswell . 
  all country names are in english ; except the one of the boss - good thinking op . 
  do you do private public partnership over there ?
