  perfectly said . 
  i try to be as neutral and dispassionate when looking at news since nothing is truly free of bias and historical developments can almost never properly understood in the own time , especially considering how many of the facts are clouded by the fog of war . 
  but in this case my blood is simply boiling at the irresponsibility of european leaders . 
  i think at this point it 's safe to say that europe is confronted with the most severe crisis in decades and the way this crisis will unfold can have vast ramifications not just for eastern europe but for the entire continent . 
  at the beginning of the crisis , the reluctance of european leaders to act was somewhat understandable if still shameful . 
  threatened by the specter of a new recession and even outright military conflict , it 's not hard to see why european heads of state essentially decided to look the other way when putin shamelessly flaunted international law and annexed crimea . 
  the hope naturally was that putin would be satisfied by his new gains and the crisis could then be left to simmer in a contained way . 
  but that is not what happened . 
  instead what happened was what experts familiar with russia and putin 's regime had threatened would happen all along . 
  putin 's entire authority rests on his image reinvigorating a russia that had been humiliated by the west to its natural role as a world power . 
  his success has improved his standing at home , quite dramatically in fact , but it forced him into a spiral of escalation lest he appear weak . 
  the motto seems to be not a single step back . 
  europe 's lack of a response has directly enabled him to continue intensifying his aggression , since from his point of view there was much to gain and little to lose by doing so . 
  now we are quite possibly on the brink of an open war between russia and ukraine . 
  of course it 's impossible to know how events will unfold considering how much uncertainty there is over the situation on the ground and putin 's ultimate intentions . 
  however , russia 's increasingly bold involvement in the conflict and its arms buildup on the western border suggest that putin is at least contemplating intervening militarily . 
  after all , if the ukrainian government will be able to reassert its authority over all of ukraine ( well , except for crimea , of course ) this would constitute a direct attack to the narrative putin 's propaganda machine had been spinning in recent months . 
  the recent plane crash simply raised the stakes even further by essentially putting putin in a corner . 
  not to sound too melodramatic , but standing up to aggressors is the only way to stop them and this may be the best good chance to do so with putin . 
  for all his bluster , the man is not completely insane and he knows the very real risks russia faces if europe can act in a united and decisive way . 
  failing to do so may easily tempt him into going all in , thus sparking a conflict that nobody in europe wants , but which may be unavoidable . 
  in 1936 hitler had given orders to his troops to retreat if they faced any opposition when re-entering the rhineland , but the allies backed down in fear . 
  then again in munich , hitler discovered that he could achieve what he wanted through brute force since the pacifism of the allies made it seem as though he could continue committing one act of aggression after another with impunity . 
  this is the exact same message western european leaders are sending to putin by their shameful unwillingness to stand up for international order . 
  i just hope the consequences will not be as dire this time around . 
  holy crap , that is simply mind-boggling . 
  even if someone does n't have the basic human decency to know not to dig through the stuff of recently deceased strangers , you would think that a reporter would at least know better than to let himself be filmed messing with evidence in what is effectively an active crime scene . 
   sending them off is n't a solution it is a solution for the farmer whose property rights were being encroached upon . 
  of course a meaningful and durable solution to the roma problem can only be achieved at the state ( and perhaps the eu ) level , but that does n't mean that in the interim random individuals should be burdened with dealing with the negative externalities arising from the lack of integration of part of the roma community . 
   so the us could legally get email data from anyone it suspects might be infringing us law . 
  not quite . 
  according to current us legislation , the government can request a company to supply any records the us requests after obtaining the appropriate subpoena . 
  this is purely a matter of us law that only applies within the united states . 
  the us is not claiming that it can enforce this law outside of the us , however , it can punish companies that operate in the us that fail to comply with us law . 
  for example , such a situation came up with regard to bank secrecy when the us compelled banks to reveal the details of american nationals who try to evade taxes by harboring their accounts in countries with strict confidentiality laws for their banking sector . 
  this is not some kind of an american invention , european countries have also enforced their laws by having courts requesting the records of swiss banks . 
  failure to comply with these orders simply means that the companies in question can face legal repercussions in the country in which they operate , which in and of itself seems completely reasonable to me . 
  it 's kind of sad that with the way comments on this sub run when anything is tangentially related to the us i ca n't even be sure whether you 're actually joking or not . 
   they can not force their laws on a sovereign nation . 
  they are not trying to do that . 
  the us is trying to force a us based company to hand over data it has stored on its servers overseas . 
  the question is whether according to us law the government is able to force microsoft to hand over records ( in this case digital data ) that it is in possession of , which are physically located outside of the united states . 
  i am woefully unfamiliar with the legal subtleties involved , but the fact that the original judge overseeing the case sided with the government , suggests to me that the government 's argument is certainly not unreasonable . 
   i would prefer that europe team up with other nations and simply ditch the u.s. servers then . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  the target of the investigation chose to use a service provided by an american company , which in turn was forced to turn over the information he provided to an american court . 
  how would `` europe ditching u.s. servers '' help here at all ? 
   `` these individuals are vetted by the immigration department and have been found not to have a need for asylum . '', 
  what is the controversy then ? 
  if the asylum application of these individuals have been rejected on the basis that they are not in need of asylum , then of course they should be forced to leave the country . 
  i understand that the issue is more nuanced and that these individuals may face punishment in their home country for attempting to evade an onerous military/civil service and general poverty , however as unfortunate as this situation is , norway ca n't solve this problem by simply absorbing an endless stream of eritrean emigrants . 
  ultimately it is clear that the motivation of a large proportion of asylum seekers is primarily driven by economic concerns rather than legitimate human rights abuses and in these cases , unfortunately european states can not afford but be firm and enforce the law or they will inevitably be swamped by a number of migrants their social services ca n't cope with . 
  moreover , not enforcing the law only encourages more africans from being tempted to attempt to reach greener pastures in europe by risking the extremely dangerous trek across the sea , which inevitably will only lead to even more people losing their lives . 
  this is a bit too cynical . 
  of course most poor people or other marginalized groups were forced to endure rather unpleasant living conditions or discrimination because they had no choice in the matter and there 's no point in glorifying this needless misery . 
  however , many people did make personal sacrifices to try ( and sometimes succeed ) to change the world for the better or at the very least try to give their children a chance at a better life . 
  i ca n't help but appreciate these efforts which to a large extent made it possible for most people to enjoy a quality of life that would have seemed inconceivable to the average european a century ago . 
  to enjoy this inheritance without appreciating its historical context makes one no better than a gypsy pawing in the metro station ticket machines to steal the change from productive commuters . 
  interesting , i barely understood a word of that . 
  knowing german i can somewhat make out other germanic languages such as dutch , swedish , and can even understand the austrians a little . 
  however , those elvish runes were utterly unintelligible . 
  sorry i accidentally deleted that comment . 
  the initial comment had been :  i find it a bit disingenuous that you begin right at the end of the communist period . 
  much of the issues that plagued the economy in the early 90s had their seeds in romania 's economic management during the previous decades . 
  frankly even with better management romania 's transition to a market economy was going to be extremely disruptive . 
  yes , many companies were sold off far below their value or were privatized through a very corrupt system that led to emergence of a small oligarchy of early `` entrepreneurs '' . 
  nevertheless , some companies really were essentially worthless , and would never have been competitive when faced with competition from abroad , and those had to disappear . 
   and when you see it mentioned , it 's during conflict like the recent ukrainian one , where people accuse you of saying that because you support russia 's action . 
  and for good reason , what point is there to bring up soviet losses in a completely unrelated conflict that happened seven decades ago when discussing a modern day conflict initiated by russian aggression . 
  moreover , ukraine actually lost more civilians/soldiers per capita than did the area that later became modern day russia , in part because when the ussr committed aggression against poland alongside nazi germany many ukrainians were on the polish side of the border . 
  so yes , i agree with those people who rightfully condemn invoking wwii to justify or `` contextualize '' current russian actions in ukraine as utterly disingenuous . 
  i would have perhaps expected such numbers had the survey been carried out in the uk , but i am somewhat surprised that the numbers for france are so high , especially in light of the lingering skepticism regarding us power that has always existed in france in recent years . 
  i do suppose it 's somewhat understandable though , it 's in some ways the consequence of an unavoidable [ availability bias ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/availability_heuristic ) . 
  i imagine that especially for those who were n't born yet or were to young too remember the war , those bits of wwii history that they are most likely to encounter in their daily lives deal with france 's own part of the war , from its resistance to its final liberation . 
  since the wester allies played a much more direct role in these developments for obvious reasons , it 's not that unreasonable that many people have come with time to attribute a greater role to them than to the more distant ussr . 
  i found one part of his speech quite funny :  `` i remember many occasions here in rome where i would get on the bus and some gypsies would get on too , and the driver would say : ` keep an eye on your wallets ' . 
  this is scorn ; ** it might be true , but it 's scorn ** , '' he said, 
  well you guys do have a bit of an unfair advantage being the prime representatives of the aryan master race . 
  eastern latvia you can at least somewhat understand , since the votes are coming mainly from russophones nostalgic for the ussr . 
  eastern germany on the other hand is just pathetic . 
  the same people also always vote for [ die linke ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_left_%28germany%29 ) [ throughout eastern germany ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/bundestag_2009_linke.svg ) . 
  i do n't believe that the swede is denying this . 
  he was simply challenging your assumption that sd voters must necessarily be ignorant hicks voting for the party primarily because they are prejudiced . 
  rather , it 's possible that many of sds voters could be decently well informed of such issues or at the very least have had their own formative experiences with respect to immigrants that has led them to believe that voting for the sd is a means to further their own legitimate personal interests . 
  that ... that 's maybe a bit harsh . 
  however , i do agree that it 's fortunate that she left france and hope she wo n't return . 
  the irony is that the reason czechs have essentially no well established roma communities ( virtually all of the roma now in the czech republic are relatively recent immigrants from slovakia or hungary ) is because they were actually one of the few countries to fully implement the final solution with respect to the roma . 
  and yet in spite of this the czech republic has been the site of some of the most vigorous actions against the roma in recent european history . 
  it seems that faclonberger is simply ignorant of the facts . 
  as someone who has been in close proximity to various roma communities for all my life , i simply find it unfathomable how ignorant you are being right now . 
  do you really think that roma would let a little wall stand in the way between them and the bounty of copper cables on the other side ? 
  i came across [ this ] ( http://asset-c.soup.io/asset/7310/6857_c2a5_960.jpeg ) . 
  it seems that their well-reasoned and nuanced opposition to those organizations is commie smash . 
  i 'm sorry , but i hardly see how the police are really at fault here . 
  from what i could gather a right wing group was holding a peaceful and legally sanctioned protest , which some left-wing groups were opposed to . 
  the left wingers then tried to forcefully stop the march and the police obviously intervened against them so as to allow the protest to continue , as was their job . 
  some of the counter-protestors downright resorted to violence and began throwing stones and charging the police , at which point the officers naturally responded more forcefully . 
  it is of course unfortunate that people were hurt in the resulting scuffle , but it 's difficult to see how else the police could have acted . 
  the left wing counter-protestors were 100 % in the wrong in trying to use violence to try to shut down a legal event that they disagreed with ideologically . 
  the integration of the roma .
