whenever i see such news stories i always feel a personal conflict between my otherwise liberal outlook and practical reality . 
  on the one hand , it 's easy to write off this move as nothing more than just another example of old-fashioned racism and xenophobia . 
  on the other hand , i can also sympathize with the italian townspeople who may have had their lives negatively affected through no fault of their own . 
  if one of the key modes of transportations in this region has substantially deteriorated once the roma camp moved in , resulting in a steep increase in crime , to the point that people may fear for the personal security , it 's understandable that this created resentment in the local community . 
  the problem here as with the broader roma problem is that a meaningful solution can only be implemented over the course of many years ( decades perhaps ) through a gradual integration of the community into broader society , especially through education , regular employment , and rising living standards . 
  however , such changes have proven to be frustratingly slow , even when significant government resources and a host of policies were directed to explicitly tackle this problem as happened in many eastern european countries during the socialist era . 
  in the interim , it is in some sense unfair to force specific communities to be unduly burdened with the negative externalities of this society-wide problem . 
  the best solution i can think of in this case would be to have a pragmatic work-around . 
  perhaps offer an additional direct bus from the township to turin with no stops in the vicinity of the roma camp . 
  this may create a safer short-term means of transportation for local residents without going as far as touching on thorny issues of racial discrimination . 
  however , such short term stop-gaps have to be recognized for what they are and should not be viewed as substitutes for a more general long term solution to the roma problem . 
  while on first glance i got a chuckle out of the ridiculousness of the situation , on further reflection i could n't help but feel bad for the bear . 
  that animal must have been severely tortured from infancy to perform what is essentially a low-grade circus trick . 
  even if the man somehow was deluded enough to think that his `` treatment '' might work , it 's still the bear who had to pay for that man 's ignorance with his needless suffering . 
  this is one issue where a pragmatic eu-wide policy is desperately needed . 
  the problem is twofold , starting with an inconsistent set of policies that draw asylum seekers on life-threatening journeys to try to reach european shores , and ending with a fragmented apparatus for dealing with this flow of refugees , placing an undue burden on those border states such as italy that are at the forefront of the crisis . 
  in regards to the problem of policy , the key ingredient that is needed is honesty . 
  many eu states have very generous policies towards asylum seekers , guaranteeing asylum to broad categories of refugees * as long as they can reach their territory . 
  * the second part of that sentence is the root of most of the problems , migrants are offered the prospect of asylum , with all its implications of safety and welfare , which must seem like a godsend given their desperate condition , and yet in many cases they are not given a safe way to reach those countries and obtain asylum . 
  of course , this is not simply an oversight by the well-meaning european countries offering asylum , but is in fact the unofficial way in which governments seek to minimize the numbers of refugees they will be forced to ultimately take in . 
  this policy , however , is completely irresponsible , since it is inevitable that by offering the tantalizing benefits of asylum without allowing those targeted to safely enter into their countries , these countries are directly fueling the problem of countless migrants risking their lives , and often dying , in a desperate trek to reach europe by any means . 
  it would be much better if every country was open about the number of asylum seekers they were willing to absorb and to then provide a safe means for those people to travel to their host country to accept asylum . 
  the total cap on the number of migrants would of course remain contentious , since certain people with legitimate claims to asylum would have to be turned down . 
  however , this unfortunate reality also exists today , except that in many cases it is enforced through informal barriers ( such as the hurdles migrants face in reaching europe ) , rather than through official policy . 
  secondly , since it would be naive to think that transparent policies could ever hope to stem the migrant problem altogether , european states must come together to create a common mechanism for dealing with the migrants , from protecting european shores , to rescuing migrants whose lives are at risk , and finally to dealing with those migrants that do end up in europe . 
  it is not fair to place the majority of the financial and logistic burden on the border states . 
  all eu states should help to finance the coast-guard operations and the refugee camps , and if there are migrants in europe whose case for asylum is such that they can not be deported , more states should step in to accommodate these individuals such that no one country is overwhelmed by the number of refugees they must care for . 
  i honestly can not see how such a ban could rationally be justified . 
  it would be one thing if we were discussing an article of clothing such as a face veil that one can argue objectively hinders a person 's ability to function normally in society . 
  however , a headscarf hardly falls in that category . 
  the author tries hard to highlight how confining the scarf is by using words such as `` tight '' and `` big , '' but in reality hijabs come in all shapes and sizes some being extremely light and loose and some being quite fashionable . 
  how could one justify such a blanket ban on such a general category of garments . 
  like it or not , until children are old enough to decide for themselves , their clothing is up to the discretion of their parents . 
  of course as a society we can impose reasonable restrictions to ensure that the well-being of the children is not significantly harmed by the choices of their parents . 
  however to make the case the hijab pose such a threat seems be an extremely tenuous proposition . 
  what is especially tragic about this debacle is that it appears almost inconceivable that a truly satisfactory solution to this issue will appear in the foreseeable future . 
  the reason is that the way europe deals with the issue of these migrants is inherently disingenuous and is emblematic of europe 's tension between lofty values and self-serving pragmatism . 
  after all , deep down the issue is that a large number of the migrants seeking to cross into europe can legitimately argue that they are persecuted and in need of asylum . 
  for example , many of the migrants originate from [ eritrea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eritrea ) , a quasi-totalitarian african state many of whose citizens are constantly persecuted and who would face even greater hardships if they were forced to return to the country after fleeing it for their own safety and well-being . 
  now the irony is that while in principle europe recognizes that these migrants would have a right to asylum in europe , deep down nobody wants such refugees to reach their borders in large numbers . 
  although part of the rationale for this hesitation may be rooted in xenophobia , there is also an extremely compelling argument that allowing an unchecked stream of refugees would simply overwhelm the social services of european states and would more broadly be a huge disturbance to the entire social structure . 
  because of such considerations , the practical solution european states have come up with is to simply bar the entrance of such migrants into their country , ideally by stopping them from embarking on the dangerous journey to reach european shores in the first place . 
  however , such policies , which usually necessitate the cooperation of the coastal african states from which the migrants usually depart is virtually hopeless in the face of an almost continuous stream of african migrants who know that as soon as they reach european soil they will immediately fall into europe 's protective humanitarian shield and finally have the chance to a better life . 
  in some sense european policies while largely rooted in good intentions create the worst possible scenario . 
  on the one hand they offer african asylum seekers few practical legal paths to seek shelter in europe while they are still in africa , but then offer them automatic and full protection once they reach europe , even if they did so illegally . 
  the natural result of such policies is to constantly offer a strong incentive to africans to attempt the risky illegal journey across the sea , as a result of which thousands die and will continue to die every year . 
  that article reads like an exercise in writing a few hundreds words without actually saying much of anything . 
  beyond the euroskeptic talking points strung together with pretentious rhetoric , what is the substance or even the point of the article ? 
  which specific regulations are `` ossifying '' and inducing europe 's economic sclerosis and which should be immediately cancelled or drastically rewritten ? 
  which aspects of bureaucratic `` dirigisme '' are most to blame for the stagnation of many of europe 's economies and might these issues be addressed either in general or specific terms ? 
  the whole article reminds me of cameron 's vague babble about `` reform '' without giving hardly any clue as to what exactly such reform would entail in practice and how such changes may help to reinvigorate the uk and europe as a whole . 
  like eminescu once said , `` it 's easy to write poetry when there is nothing you want to say . '', 
  i am confused how one might interpret these ads as racist when as far as i could tell race or ethnicity is not mentioned a single time , the ads instead focusing on specific crimes/socially detrimental activities . 
  it almost seems to me as though the detractors of the ads are the true racists in this case , as they seem to be the ones automatically making the connections between criminality and ethnic minorities . 
  this could be a decisive moment for ukraine and russia . 
  by all accounts , the rebels are on the brink of defeat as ukrainian forces are making slow but steady headway . 
  this creates a clear and vital dilemma for putin , namely whether to do nothing and see the rebels defeated and to some extent have his popularity ebb , or to actively intervene to stave off the defeat of the rebels and risk effectively starting an open war with ukraine . 
  i wonder if even putin himself knows how he will act ... 
  i realize that you are probably much more familiar with american law than me or the two judges who have ruled in favor the government , but could you be kind enough to explain to me the gist of this `` corruption '' and redefinition of legal terms ? 
  my understanding was that due to established ( decades old ) american legislation , the government may subpoena any company operating in the us for any records that company has in its possession , regardless of the physical location of those records . 
  this mechanism is distinct from a search and seizure and thus not subject to the restrictions imposed by the fourth amendment as well as other thorny restrictions . 
  moreover this is neither a novel nor a specifically american invention . 
  for example , the exact same legal mechanism was used by the us ( but also by various european countries ) in the past to compel banks to reveal information details regarding foreign accounts of their nationals who were under suspicion of tax evasion . 
  i think it 's important to emphasize that the entire basis of the article is an otherwise unsubstantiated claim made by an ngo focused on roma rights . 
  i certainly do believe the fact that the rate of school enrollment among roma children may be drastically lower than in the general population , what i am more skeptical about is how much of this difference can be attributed to overt discrimination on the part of the french authorities rather than an unwillingness on the part of the parents of the roma to want to send their children to school in the first place and comply with all necessary regulations . 
  in many countries , the biggest problem historically has been that roma parents simply refused to enroll their children in local schools and hat to be compelled to do so , and even then compliance was often sporadic . 
  i imagine the problem is even more acute in transient communities , where the children are frequently on the move and oftentimes even employed as a source of revenue for the community , e.g. 
  [ via begging ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojrgc8pmqu8 ) . 
  among scientists alone there was kirchhoff , clebsch , hilbert , minkowski , sommerfeld , wien , etc. 
  this is an insane amount of aggregate talent and they left a huge imprint on physics and mathematics . 
   hurr , durr , let 's start a world war and then complain when the other parties shoot back . 
  in this specific case we are talking about crimes committed against civilians by allied soldiers , mostly russians . 
  are you seriously defending the mass violence , rape , and forced deportation perpetrated on german civilians by enemy soldiers on the basis that germany started the war ? 
  frankly that 's just offensive . 
  after forcefully expelling the local germans , many of whom were forced to endure egregious atrocities in the process , and then colonizing the land with outsiders , the notion that russia should try to superficially link the city to its german roots is in extremely poor taste . 
  if someone were to make a montage of the discussions between ukraine 's government and european leaders after each round of russian escalation [ this would have to be the soundtrack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kvs2clleo8 ) . 
   i think that once the us sets up it 's gas exports , more of the eu transition towards renewables and the russian federation inevitably fucks up more and more the eu will be in the much more favorable position to tell the russian federation to go fuck itself . 
  it 's pretty clear that exports from the us are a no-go , as are any prospects of liquified natural gas flowing in from turkey . 
  almost every expert on the topic agrees that both of those sources are not economically viable , at least not in the foreseeable future . 
  unfortunately as far as fossil fuel imports go , europe will continue to be reliant on russia in the next few years . 
  i agree that solar ( and renewable energies in general ) are the future , but again it 's a matter of time , it will be a few decades at least before solar can really start to make a big enough dent in energy markets to start seriously reducing the demand for fossil fuels . 
  unfortunately in the short term , the only real options europe has to reduce its reliance on russia are more unpalatable sources such as shale oil/gas and nuclear energy . 
   btw , what do states that generally like russia like moldova think about the downed plane ? 
  there is no moldovan perspective on this issue . 
  rather there are two alternate realities that people live in based on their political leanings and especially what channels they watch . 
  ethnic romanians in moldova tend to side with ukraine , especially since russia 's actions in eastern ukraine , bear a strong resemblance to the way in which russia fostered separatism in moldova in transnistria . 
  ethnic minorities , on the other hand , as well as older and/or left leaning moldovans on the other hand tend to be extremely pro-russian , especially if their exposure to current events comes from watching russian state channels that describe the heroic fight of ukrainians and russians against the new fascist regime in kiev . 
  i am not sure how i feel about this specific article , but i do find the topic of linguistic relativity ( how the language you speak may influence your perception ) to be an interesting topic . 
  although my familiarity with cognitive psychology/cognitive linguistics is extremely limited , from what i 've read the topic of linguistic relativity is still regarded as a legitimate and even important area of research in these fields . 
  there is direct empirical evidence that shows that for instance the availability of a specific word for a certain hue ( say light blue rather than generic blue ) can make it easier to remember that color . 
  or to take a somewhat less scientific but more accessible example , it 's been noted that an object may be described in different ways on average depending on the gender of that noun in the local language . 
  for instance , a bridge which is feminine in german ( die br\u00fccke ) would be more likely to be described as elegant or beautiful in german , while in french le pont might more often be characterized as strong or powerful . 
  i do find claims that such subtleties can fundamentally change someone 's worldview to be rather ridiculous though . 
  in fact , it was exactly such overreaching claims , which made this field be regarded as pure pseudoscience in its early days . 
  unfortunately , unless anything drastically happens in the next few hours , either with regards to the situation on the ground in ukraine or in european diplomacy it seems as though this new round of talks will be just another showcase in how spineless european leaders are overall and how ineffective europe is in acting a united powerful entity on the international stage . 
  according to early reports , it appears as though the least common denominator ( driven especially low by italian and german cowards ) is to stick to the formula agreed to a week ago , that it to merely expand the list of sanctioned individual targets and perhaps add a few more banks , in other words , to do the very least possible while not acknowledging that they 're not doing absolutely nothing . 
  there 's only an extremely minuscule chance of sectoral sanctions or of any meaningful punitive actions that might bring the least discomfort to european economies or the backers of the current heads of state . 
  some leaders are even downplaying the plane crash , just to make their actions seems less cowardly . 
  truly pathetic . 
   nobody wants the guns -- and damn the bigger guns appeasement may bring .
