  it 's a different market segment . 
  that benefits the uk . 
  corporation tax is a competitive market , if you want access to the security of sterling , the infrastructure of the uk , the talent pool etc then you pay a premium over other countries . 
  additionally the issue is with countries making secret deals well below the published rate . 
  nope . 
  the eu tried last year and luxembourg refused it . 
  let 's change that to luxembourg , the home country of the ec president , and a country which is ranked 2nd for tax secrecy , yet benefit considerably from being in the eu - oh and let 's forget effectively vetoed tax evasion policy last year ... seem to be making special arrangements with companies to pay less tax . 
  why are n't we imposing sanctions against luxembourg ? 
  what they do is what i 'd like to call `` tax piracy '' they steal other countries tax in exchange for receiving a small share of it . 
  they 're one of the worst offenders in the world yet they 're at the heart of the eu . 
  i wonder how much of a driving force is behind the notion `` well if even the americans have done net neutrality then we need to '' . 
  for all the many criticisms we could level at the eu , they do tend to shank big corporations if it 's the right thing . 
  peer reviewed journal or it did n't happen . 
  the good news is that wages in the second and third worlds will continue to increase . 
  no amount of dodgy corrupt crony capitalism can stop that . 
  why do you like freakshows ? 
  do they make you feel better about your own inadequacies ? 
  or is it more of a sexual fetish for you ? 
  broadly speaking , yes . 
  yep , even where i live in lanarkshiore the government has put gaelic on signs everywhere . 
  we do n't speak gaelic here and never have done . 
  why do they do it ? 
  nationalism , revisionism . 
  pathetic , divisive , expensive . 
  creepy and scary ... for what it 's worth , data mining patient data is going to give us an incredible amount of medical advances . 
  it 's really really worthwhile . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/dec/05/when-data-gets-creepy-secrets-were-giving-away dr goldacre has lots to say about it and he 's well informed . 
  another warning is to get a babysitter , do n't just dose your kids on calpol so you can go out on the piss . 
  chechyenslovenia . 
  yeah well it 's the same thing is n't it ? 
  ( we 're not on it either ), 
  they missed their point a little by asking for proof - they should have just asked what nationality , i thought they were making a different point . 
  it 's more representative of the uk in general , except it 's more left wing . 
  it is however a complete contrast to the imbeciles in / uk . 
  are you trying to take shitposting to the next level ? 
  ca n't see why it 'd be french over german . 
  if they 're so biased towards english universities then why do scottish universities do so well ? 
  edit : and you edited your post and lumped english and scottish universities together . 
  there 's a gulf between the two , funding is just one aspect of it . 
  satire often has a serious point to it . 
  in this case it 's ridiculing religious bigots/morons who think that there 's ` life ' and it 's valuable at that point . 
  every sperm is sacred . 
  no , it 's up to you to demonstrate why taxing someone is harmless . 
  it 's literally bank robbery . 
  we do already have a tax specifically designed to do that in the uk , and it 's called the bank levy . 
  what you want is france to tax the uk disproportionately . 
   either the tax is insignificant - in which case wo n't raise any money . 
  or it 's significant - in which case it 'll harm london . 
  i 've posted again for you . 
  try reading it . 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  i fear they may eventually need to split it into two centres . 
  one for gay refugees , and one for economic migrants claiming to be gay so they can claim asylum . 
   nobody ~ ~ cares about us . 
  :-( ~ ~ expects us !, 
  fixed that for you !, 
  a federal eu would only be stronger if it had the overwhelming support of the population , which it clearly does not have . 
  a huge part of people being opposed to the eu in the uk is n't the idea of it , it 's that it 's forced and undemocratic . 
  or the city pays # 50 billion of tax every year and they do n't want to damage it . 
  everybody in favour of it says `` oh it 's only 0.1 % , how could you possibly miss that '' . 
  it 'd turn out to be a simply staggering amount because what matters is the margin on the trades not the amount of the trade itself . 
  either the tax is insignificant - in which case wo n't raise any money . 
  or it 's significant - in which case it 'll harm london . 
  what 's the joke ? 
   they 're saying that there will be much less trade . 
  there wo n't be ` much less trade ' , that 's just false . 
  there will be some less trade , it wo n't be a huge amount less . 
  what trade to and from the eu will stop ? 
  and of that what will stop because we have less barriers with the rest of the world ? 
  well i do n't read the scum ... 
  the only paper newspaper i ever see is the ft and that 's only if i 'm going on the train . 
  i read news online but i 've honestly never seen personal attacks like that . 
  i do remember seeing them about salmond though . 
  i had n't read that article but she was complaining to vogue about people talking about what she wears ? ... 
   ( along with insightful pieces about barbie dolls and toothy blowjobs ) i genuinely saw nothing of that at all . 
  i 've never seen any personal criticism of sturgeon at all . 
  bah she gets a lot of soft press . 
  the attack pieces on appearance etc do n't happen to sturgeon . 
  she gets lots of fluff pieces . 
  if she did n't want headlines about a second referendum then she knows fine well how to make sure the press do n't have an opportunity to print them . 
  all she has to say is `` i 'm far more concerned with the eu referendum than anything else , i wo n't be led down any paths '' and if it continues with `` so you wo n't rule out a second ... '' she just responds with `` we have absolutely no plans for a second referendum and as i 've said i want to talk about the eu referendum '' and stop answering questions . 
  it 's a core skill of a politician to avoid giving sound bites to the press . 
  i think it 's fairly clear she 's making plausibly deniable dogwhistle things so that the people very keen on independence do n't give up hope . 
  if you 're a politician , especially of her stature , then you should be well aware of how to prevent newspaper headlines that you do n't want . 
  sturgeon is playing a careful game . 
  she wants to keep the pro-independence people on side and faithful to the snp while not upsetting the pragmatic support the snp has from people who voted yes but do n't support another referendum . 
  the snp will have a referendum again as soon as they think they are fairly certain of winning it . 
  until then they will be as political as they can to maintain the hardcore independence supporters as well as the people pragmatically in favour of independence and the snp . 
  claiming that she does n't want that headline is naive . 
  well , that 's because i really meant slovenia and i was intentionally getting them wrong . 
  all i know is that one used to be part of czechoslovenia and the other , slovakia , is where prosecco should arguably come from instead of italy . 
  they were n't , but they agreed to it and we found out years later that the labour were really encouraging it . 
  from a politicians perspective it 's great - tax revenue right now and the strain on the infrastructure later . 
  so they do n't need to be clever with public finances , they do n't need to be efficient . 
  the problem in the uk is that we 're quite happy to take the migrants , and the taxes they pay and the contribution to the economy . 
  but we continually dial down the amount of tax taken , let the corporatocracy get their cash , and do n't expand services to cope , and do n't build houses . 
  so the end result is immigrants are blamed when in reality they 've done their part and local government and national government have not . 
  yes , that 's also correct . 
  go and take a fuck to yourself . 
  polish death camps is correct because the death camps are located in poland .
