  what we do n't know is ... * will the creditors say fuck your referendum , you had the chance weeks ago and lied about not doing one * will the creditors give the greek government one last chance to sort it out - perhaps they 'll make an agreement behind the lefts back with the other parties * assuming that the creditors leave a deal on the table for the greeks to vote yes or no to . . will they vote yes ? 
  * and if they do vote yes , will this be the final answer or will there need to be another bailout later ? 
  i expect that means bank holidays and no atm refills until wednesday ? 
  if greece defaults , there is a grexit and 20 years later the history books are written ... 
  when do you think it will be that the fate of greece became crystallised ? 
  when the negotiations stopped ? 
  or on tuesday ? 
  because there 's still hope of a rescue deal i 'd say that up to tuesday ... if it does n't make the imf repayment on tuesday then it 'll be a proper , serious bank run and greek will have passed the point of no return . 
  although this is unknown territory so i do n't want to come across as making an absolute statement - that 's my opinion until i hear something which changes it . 
  the poor and middle will get fucked . 
  there will be violent protests , people will die . 
  hospitals will not have the resources they need - although it will be a top priority of the government and there will be international aid to mitigate it . 
  there will be power shortages . 
  foreign ` investors ' will snap up greek assets at cut down rates , forever able to extract profit from greece . 
  the greeks would blame germany and the eu and the imf . 
  i think bilingual is a bit of fun and interesting . 
  i just feel it should be english first in an english forum and i find it jarring to read otherwise . 
  it also adds a level of comfort for people who are n't confident in their english, 
  i thought it was - but it may be a myth . 
  pie . 
  * pizza . 
  not if i would like you to understand me . 
  they did n't win eurovision so they 're fucking off . 
  i believe the australian description for them is a bunch of pikers . 
  which way will greece vote ? 
  is it as simple as assuming that they 'll vote the way they 've consistently polled , which is to stay in the eu ? 
  while we 're on the subject , it 's impossible to find royalty free images of the queen . 
  it 's got little to do with islam and lots to do with importing third world culture from medieval places like pakistan and bangladesh . 
  edit : you 're a fucking weasel and you edited your post to remove the stuff people downvoted and make it look like people are downvoting you for something else . 
  cunt . 
  it seems not - it seems they would have to agree to what they refuse to do , so they 've refused the 5 month extension . 
  so it was n't just simply a kick the can extension , it was an agreement to do it and 5 months to settle the details . 
  yep ... despite snp attempts to do so . 
  i think that may be the misunderstanding ... they already have 2 levels of police in most countries and they are quite distinct . 
  while we have different departments etc we see it as one force . 
  i put english first , not scots . 
  i think it 's mainly satirical , it 's quite funny i thought - although i do n't like nazi comparisons in general . 
  i 'm not sure what you want from me . 
  you ask me how your post reads and then you criticise me because i did n't understand what you apparently were thinking but did n't manage to put into words effectively . 
  i agree with you on this occasion . 
  sometimes it 's so blindingly obvious how bad something is that giving an explanation lends to a feeling that it could be explained sensibly . 
  everybody in this sub speaks english . 
  i could understand if some people were less confident in their english and wanted to attach a translation in their native language after their comment , but putting your own language first is just rude . 
   its `` typically '' french arrogance that 's just never going to go well . 
   france is so great and stuff . 
  nobody else does and its completely useless that 's really just saying the same thing , accusing france of having a superiority complex . 
   edit : downvotes just prove my point . 
  and that comes across as petulant . 
  you seem to be saying that his behaviour is typical of the french . 
  asking for the moderators to listen to the subreddit is not quite the same as viva la revolution let 's burn the mods , upvote dank memes !, 
  it 's a bit difficult to do that when you edit your post and then ask me to comment on what it said before you edited it . 
  in the uk we consider the army as perfectly suitable to help out in an emergency , i 'm not sure if that 's the same position across all of europe . 
  if there 's flooding , for example , it 's typical for the army to be there helping erect sandbag barriers or escorting people out of a quarantined area for example . 
  i think there 's perhaps a difference in understanding with `` send in the army '' . 
  i do n't ( or at least i hope ) it 's people meaning allow the army to assist the police/authorities because they 're overwhelmed , rather than people meaning to send in the army and treat it as a tactical military deployment . 
  hope it 's n. . that 's bad taste . 
  i hope you have a great time !, 
  i 'm really not comfortable with painting all of france and the french redditors with that brush . 
  it 's downright rude to post first , not in english , on an english subreddit and yes france has a history of doggedly trying to enforce french as la lingua franca , but the vast , vast majority of french speaking redditors here post first in english ( if they post in french at all ) . 
  the problem is just with one individual , not with france or french redditors and it 's unhelpful to frame it that way . 
  surely his position now is unsustainable ? 
  any credibility he had was lost when he ~ ~ said he was going to resign ~ ~ said nothing of the kind . 
  if the first part of a post is not in english then it should be removed by the moderators . 
  that a moderator is going about doing it is fucking ridiculous . 
  i 'm dismayed there 's something to discuss . 
  it 's fairly easy to excuse removing the post as a mistake caused by someone not thinking very much about it . 
  it was n't in europe . 
  however given that it 's affecting almost exclusively europeans then it 's pretty clear it should be allowed . 
  staggering stupidity or a blatant bias are the only real reasons to block it after you 've given it more than a minute 's thought . 
  here 's a suggestion for a rule of thumb for mods . 
  does the subject affect predominantly european subjects or european interests ? 
  if so allow it . 
  that 's very generous of him . 
  i think it 's irrelevant . 
  the only thing we can do is try to stabilize the problem . 
  change our asylum policy to stop encouraging it , and spend the money in africa on the majority of people rather than the minority that make it to europe without dying . 
  i 'm in favour of staying but i do see what you mean , i think the european union is pretty shite and i 'm sure i 'm not alone ... 
  i 'll almost certainly vote but i 'm not desperate to stay so perhaps your lot will turn up in bigger numbers . 
  are you saying if we had not interfered then we should have let them drown ? 
  my concern is that this sends a clear message : send more . 
  the rhetoric of the west is pretty much we wo n't do what the terrorists tell us , but you do it first i 've got a wife and kids . 
  meanwhile the only people who are following through are the far right who want desperately want to bring things to a head . 
  i do n't know the answers but i 'm not pleased with what 's going on . 
  assuming you 're not after a single large main course ... cullen skink fried breaded mushrooms stuffed with stornoway black pudding grilled mackerel those would amply represent scotland/britain . 
  that 's simply false . 
  we have wonderful cuisine here . 
  we have some of the best fishing water in the planet . 
  we have tremendous cheeses and sausages . 
  scottish cuisine in itself is marvellous . 
  for some reason it 's just accepted that we have bad cuisine and nobody really questions it . 
  # 224 mortgage # 200 bills # 200 food # 60 bupa tax about # 1400 left for pension , savings etc after tax . 
  i 'm almost obsessive about getting my bills down . 
  i know you went believe me but i 'll say it anyway , i 'm extremely worried about what will happen in greece and about the welfare of greek people . 
  greece crashes out of the ez . 
  their political parties blame germany , as per usual and the people in greece in a haze of nationalism believe it . 
  people with money leave greece for other countries . 
  services in greece fail , people die as a result . 
  the current greek government resign and leave greece . 
  they have a career appearing on tv and in print again propagating the myth that it 's germany and the troika at fault . 
  ruined greece is exploited by russia who `` helps '' , international aid goes some way to dealing with the humanitarian crisis .
