  you are right that the problem is market confidence . 
  however preaching is not the right word to use , nor is doom . 
  perhaps though the problem with market confidence is they 're used to central banks and governments sounding like the old iraqi minister for information , so they correctly assume everything is a lie . 
  us/uk press predicts greece will need bailed out . 
  pro-european press denies it . 
  then predicts bailouts are n't enough ... denied by pro-europeans . 
  predicts greece will get haircut ... denied by pro-europeans . 
  warns italy is next , denied by pro-europeans . 
  every time the uk/us press say `` this is going to happen '' the pro-european press say it wo n't , but it actually does happen . 
  why ca n't pro-europeans enter a conversation about it , other than flat denying and attacking whoever says something other than `` the euro is going to be just great '', 
  the same colour , but different texture . 
  the black parts you see are smooth , and the gold/silver parts are textured . 
  the picture matude has posted shows that a little better . 
  yes they are . 
  while we 're not on the euro over here , we do have a # 2 coin which is very similar to these . 
  [ # 2 300th anniversary act of union 2007 coin ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ef/2007%c2%a32union.jpg ) it 's silver and gold , like the euro although in this picture it looks black . 
  berlusconi would have been a laughing stock if he was n't in such a serious role . 
  he should have fallen years ago . 
  he would appear to be corrupt beyond even the normal standard of italian politics and a dirty old man . 
  in the uk he would n't have lasted weeks after the accusations against him . 
  frankly i hope the italian people investigate and imprison the old bastard . 
  however it was the eu that finally got rid of him , rather than the italian people . 
  it 's scary how powerful and undemocratic the eu is . 
  you fucking imbecile they 're a party from the north of italy which is in many ways distinct from the south of italy . 
  do you have ** any ** concept of what the fuck italy is you brainless fool ? 
  when you say liberal economic policy , as opposed to conservative economic policy could you be specific about those differences ? 
  i understand liberal economic policy and conservative economic policy to be not far removed . 
  it 's also rather disappointing that you 've been down voted essentially just for articulating your opinion . 
  edit : am i right in thinking you mean protectionism vs non-protectionism ? 
  as far as i recall if you go to the far right then protectionism suddenly appears all over , while the centre-right has a mix of protectionism and open markets , and classic liberals have open markets ? 
  in that case i think the far right have the right idea on markets . 
  as far as nationalism and so forth i 'm a bit meh about it all . 
  in scotland we have the snp who ride on a wave of anti-english sentiment ( although they deny it very transparently ) . 
  i think there is a duty to ensure that culture does n't have sudden changes brought on by immigration , and that multiculturalism is viewed as a failure , other than that though immigration is just fine and should be encouraged for so long as the country is able to absorb and add the culture , rather than have it exist as a separate entity . 
  a nations culture will evolve over time , as it adds and refines - in fact that 's pretty much the history of the uk . 
  all government has to do is make sure that ghettos do n't form or sharia law is n't suddenly imposed . 
  is that what you mean by ethnic nationalism ? 
  because if it is then i think it 's reasonably mainstream and hardly ` far right ' . 
  they should give a referendum before signing a pledge like that , it 's a real crossroads for greece . 
  i see it as the exact opposite . 
  freedom of religion is fine , but it stops as soon as something else trumps it . 
  virtually anything trumps it . 
  if it halal produced better quality meat i 'd be all for it . 
  drinking wine is n't the same as requiring an animal to be fully conscious while you kill it . 
  painful death for animals justified by religious beliefs ? 
  rabbi comparing it to the holocaust ? 
  ban being done for animal welfare and not anti-muslim sentiment ? 
  questionable !, 
  could this get rid of berlusconi ? 
  i 'm sorry i misunderstood you . 
  perhaps if you were n't quite so busy being an enormous festering cunt then it 'd have been easier to notice . 
  no , i do n't get your analogy , my head is n't up my arse and i do n't understand what you mean other than some snide attack on austria because that 's where hitler came from . 
  just fuck off . 
  that 's quite unnecessary and no doubt needlessly offensive . 
  i think it 's more the eu wo n't give aid while the referendum is on the table . 
  remember it 's down the road , not across the street . 
  i think , burger , it 's due to the greek pm requesting a mandate to continue , either down to populism or a response to the riots or perhaps there 's more to it . . perhaps the army threatened him . 
  we probably do n't know all the factors . 
  but in any case he 's called it and it seems as if it will go ahead . 
  the greek people will then face a very difficult choice between two options that will be very difficult . 
  one is ( at least to some greeks ) to let germany tell them what to do and take all their money for a long time . 
  the other is to default , decouple , devalue and there 's something to said for being free . 
  it would be a cataclysm though . 
  i know you 're trying to be funny , but i 'm laughing at you , not with you . 
  you wo n't understand why either . 
  that 's remarkably small minded . 
  greek named sororities are an american anachronism . 
  while they might be amusing pieces of quaint americana , it does n't speak well of you if that 's what you think when you hear greece being mentioned . 
  yes , however the standard of living in greece would crash , the article does n't make it quite clear how much the greek standard of living would instantly decline . 
  there would be shortages , questions over medical supplies , etc etc. 
  please be sceptical folks . 
  you should see this and warning bells should ring . 
  we all need to take a naturally pessimistic view of things and assume if we read something then someone is trying to sell us something . 
  it seems the other side of the atlantic have not adopted the groupthink that greece must must must take the austerity and if the eu wants something then it 's always the right thing . 
  there are very clear reasons why greece may not want to accept - and very clear reasons why they should . 
  i 'm wavering between , i think i 'd still say take the austerity and stay in the euro , but it 's a close run thing . 
  it 's meticulously done , but it 's basically just a racial stereotype joke . 
  a shame someone put such a huge amount of effort into something so shite . 
  more free cheese for everybody !, 
  that 's one hell of a long post !, 
  but it really does add to the discussion . 
  perhaps it 's a particularly scottish thing ( i 'd like to think so but i may be biased ! ), 
  but i 'd rather be poor and free than a bit less poor but not free . 
  probably europe ( including the uk , we may not be in the euro but we 're closely tied to the fate of it ) would be considerably poorer if the euro was to bomb out , and that becomes very likely if greece defaults ... my preference would have been for a greek default at the start of the bailouts . 
  the problem is that now too far down the line to take that option and it is probably best to continue with the bailouts . 
  as for the greek people being stupid i do n't believe so . 
  i do n't really think that i thought you did either . 
  i did take exception to you deriding farmers making decisions about economics but i answered that elsewhere so i wo n't go into it again . 
  now that i do know you 're greek i do also want you to know i 'm sympathetic . 
  you 're dead right on the referendum . 
  the greek people should have been given the choice of the bailouts ( and the implication that they should continue past the first if required ) or no bailouts and accepting the bailouts would have been a very reasonable mandate to continue with them . 
  the sad part of course is that the clock can not be turned back . 
  i would imagine the majority of people in greece feel that a minority have abused the system and gotten rich and fat while greece was part of the euro and it is n't fair that everybody in greece needs to suffer . 
  as for the army officials , that 's worrying indeed and the type of thing normally done in a despotism or banana republic . 
  your pm would seem to be lurching around desperately to save himself . 
  anyone who claims they have the right not to be offended needs to be offended deliberately and repeatedly without mercy . 
  i do n't think that 's in any way relevant , other than if you want to disparage the greek people . 
  greece is arguably ( i would argue against ! ), 
  the most important region in the world . 
  in fact if you go type greek empire into wikipedia it 'll ask you which of the many you mean .
