  the greek government , quite literally is telling the people to vote against what they 're trying to negotiate . 
  i do n't know why it 's been called . 
  now that it has been called it ca n't be cancelled . 
  but can you blame the troika for saying that they ca n't negotiate a new deal while that 's there ? 
  i think that prior to the last 5 months the greek governments have been concerned with finding a way out that 's credible - they may well have fucked it up badly and they 've certainly looked after their own vote base and doomed a generation . 
  i think the current government is trying something different , they 're trying to bluff the eu into a haircut while pretending to negotiate . 
  in the past 5 months the only greek problem they 've tried to deal with is the level of debt and the only tactic they have is to get it reduced with a haircut . 
  it 's a very risky tactic because if they do n't manage to pull it off - which they seem to have failed to do - then it will leave greece in a far worse position than they would be 5 months ago . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  the troika have a great deal to lose . 
  the eu has a lot to lose if there is a grexit . 
  everybody loses on a grexit apart from the greek government , who can simply walk away - and will have a career afterwards . 
  what you 're saying is that they want to be a left wing nationalist party , they want to guide greece out of the eu but look blameless , and then once they are out , in a state of emergency turn greek into a south american style populist dictatorship ? 
  i hope you 're wrong . 
  that would be even worse for the greek people . 
  i thought he was from die linke and not cdu ? 
  i 'm really in shock and despair at what he 's saying . 
  it strikes me as what george galloway was coming out with once he lost his seat in the british general election . 
  i 'm assuming you 're not from the uk so you wo n't have heard of galloway - apologies if you are or have . 
  he was a bit of a radical left winger and a complete and utter cunt of a man . 
  a massive pompous blowhard blaggard . 
  he had huge delusions of grandeur . 
  he lost his seat , and he lost badly , there was a massive , massive swing against him . 
  immediately he was coming out with aggressive/defensive statements like tsipras , he was trying to involve the courts to force his way and he was belligerent to the end . 
   but there will be others who are already celebrating : the venal , the vile , the racists and the zionists will all be celebrating . 
  the hyena can bounce on the lion 's grave but it can never be a lion and in any case , i 'm not in my grave . 
  as a matter of fact , i 'm going off now to plan the next campaign . 
  tsipras now strikes me as doing what galloway is doing . 
  he knows he 's defeated and he 's trying to lash out and deny reality . 
  [ if you 're interested here 's a link . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/may/10/george-galloway-to-mount-legal-challenge-over-election-defeat ), 
  it 's important to understand who politicians are speaking to . 
  if it 's the leader of the opposition in any european country they are speaking to the electorate of that country and it is a political move . 
  more often than not it 'll just be `` the government is wrong , i 'm right , vote for me next time '' . 
  the reason being that they 're under no pressure at all to back their words up with anything because they 're not in power . 
  that 's why opposition politicians of the 2nd biggest party rarely call for cuts , and will criticise any cuts . 
  even if they are calling for cuts they 'll say the government is making the wrong ones . 
  they 're in a great position because afterwards they can claim things would simply have been better if it was done their way . 
  is it perhaps a little more self-interested in spain ? 
  i do n't mean that in a bad way , i just mean that if greece is given a debt haircut then the first nation to ask for theirs after that will be spain ? 
  so spain are hoping for some kind of deal for greece , because it means they 'll get one ? 
  it reads to me as if he already knows he 's lost the game he was playing and he 's trying to write from his version of reality so he can defend himself afterwards , put the blame on greece [ edit : that should say germany , not greece ] , and write his memoirs . 
  is he capable of telling the truth ? 
   sunday 's referendum is not about whether our country will stay in the eurozone . 
  this is a given and no one should question this . 
  the whole world is wrong , nobody knows anything other than tsipras . 
   since we announced our decision to hold a referendum , better proposals have been offered concerning the debt and its necessary restructuring than those that were on the table on friday . 
  given that not very different from the terms demanded was offered by greece , and rejected , i 'm going to say that 's another lie . 
   the government will be at the negotiating table on monday as well , immediately after the referendum , seeking better terms for the greek people . 
  you 've already said that a ` yes ' vote means you wo n't be doing it . 
  on monday you 'll resign and that 's it . 
   the prevalence of extreme conservative forces led to the decision to asphyxiate our country 's banks -- with the obvious aim of blackmailing not just the government , but each each citizen individually . 
  that 's even more unbelievable . 
  the basic truth of it is that greek banks are allowing people to withdraw money from greek 's creditors , meanwhile the greek government is having a referendum and supporting a ` no ' result to say `` we wo n't pay you back '' . 
  so why would anyone give money to greek 's banks that has a significant chance of not being returned ? 
   no does not mean breaking with europe , but rather , returning to a europe of values . 
  it 's staggering how aggressively arrogant he can be that he 's dictating terms to europe - threatening them , again , that if they do n't give a debt haircut then greece will commit an act of self harm that will damage everybody . 
  and that he thinks he can force the hand of every other european nation to go against their will and somehow at the end of it remain in an alliance of nations where he 's behaving like they are enemies . 
  ... all i can do is keep reminding myself that it 's the greek people that will suffer the most as a result of this . 
  a greek exit will be a cataclysm . 
  i hope the eu tries to find a way to help greece , despite tsipras and his gang of arseholes . 
  it is still a massively wrong , irresponsible way to spend money . 
  there are hundreds of millions of people in africa who could legitimately claim asylum . 
  spending a small but significant amount on a tiny amount who make it through the people traffickers to europe is horrendously harmful and immoral because it could have a far greater impact if spent at the source of the problem , and by giving the money to asylum seekers it quite simply encourages more to risk their lives . 
  eu countries at the moment are content to pretend to care about the disaster in africa by being generous to a tiny amount of people , while ignoring the people still there . 
  it 's childish , sentimental thinking - and it kills people . 
  you may not like varoufakis and his lying , scheming tactics but do n't forget this is the fate of a nation . 
  austerity will make the lives of people in greece , particularly young people , miserable for a generation . 
  a grexit will possibly make their lives miserable for a generation and greece may end up being a failed state and the prosperity it enjoyed in the eu may be a distant memory . 
  this is really serious stuff and not to be sniffed at that way . 
  really ? 
   syriza is the only party that has no responsibility for this country 's downfall . 
  i ca n't believe you wrote that . 
  even if this were true that would n't be the case . 
  that would be germans deciding who they 're prepared to lend money to , and deciding not to lend it to scammers . 
  oh look , it comes from a far left website with a vested interest in coming to that conclusion . 
  i think you 're projecting your own fantasies on to him . 
  i think it 's far more likely he was trying not to sound hard or harsh , and trying to be pleasant to the reporter . 
  but whatever , i 'm sure it 's all part of a conspiracy . 
  this is what he said at the end of the clip . 
   what can change is the political stance of the greek government that has led to this unfortunate situation . 
  and what we could consider , but we will have another conference call tomorrow , is further talks on a new programme . 
  but given the current political position that the greek government is taking it 's very difficult to have constructive talks . 
  sounds like sanctimony to me . 
  here 's a question ... when i 'm over in the states now i can use my three sim as much as i want for free within my allowances . 
  how on earth can they be making money with that ? 
  a small number of opposition mps are asking the pm of a country with no influence in the greek crisis to ask other countries to cancel the debt . 
  not a waste of time at all . 
  there will be a long line of creditors for greece , but only once it 's at rock bottom . 
  they 'll be buying state assets at cut price and taking advantage of a weak and desperate greece . 
  greece will not benefit from it - and it will need to sink before it happens . 
  ca n't you get by on 60 a day ? 
  that 's why i said ** massive ** cost . 
  if they waited for the referendum and opened up the banks then there would be a need for billions of support to stop bank run problems . 
  you 're right - the imf payment can be missed if they sort it out afterwards . 
  the understanding was that if they missed it then it would be because they had stopped paying but now it may be because they 're waiting on the referendum . 
  yes , that 's what i 'm thinking . 
  as frustrated as they are with tsipras and his group of lying arseholes if they want to pull the plug on greece it 's better , and fairer to let it go on an extra few days and let the greek people be the ones to say no . 
  the capital controls mean that there 's not a massive cost in allowing the referendum to take place . 
  as expected .
