  you can read more on that particular scottish sentiment [ here ] ( http://www.robertburns.org/works/496.shtml ) in burns 's poem is there for honest poverty ( a man 's a man for a ' that ) . 
  by the looks of things the three places it gets flown are gibraltar , falklands and northern ireland . 
  essentially where the inhabitants have to keep insisting to remain part of the uk . 
   we still do n't care . 
  wrong . 
  in the uk we do n't care - that 's why gender will not matter in marriage . 
  if we did care we 'd legislate one way or the other . 
   i do n't mind them at all as long as they you need to use the word `` we '' rather than they , unless you think there 's something different about them . 
   huge love countries like sweden , usa and denmark have for homosexuals . 
  turns out that homosexuals are people , and people love other people - or at least i 'd hope they do . 
  i could n't give the slightest shit about gender and sexuality , and i believe anyone who does is a closet homosexual , or a religious bigot - or both . 
  i 've yet to be proven wrong on that . 
  economic losses for both spain and gibraltar , diplomatic tension and poorer relations . 
  it 's not that serious an issue and conflict seems inconceivable . 
  the ships are going anyway , but the guardia civil are n't trustworthy , spain has a very short democratic history and is in dire straights financially . 
  jos\u00e9 manuel garc\u00eda-margallo believes gibraltar should be spanish - completely against the right of self determination , spanish fishermen are the most fined in europe . 
  spain has created artificial reefs of it 's own to try to preserve fish stocks , so the idea of them being unimpressed with gibraltar doing the same is ridiculous . 
  the ships , as far as i understand , are already passing the area and will simply stop by in gibraltar . 
  my opinion is the gibraltar police need a little bit of help to ensure the guardia civil do n't try anything stupid , and spain should be told to stop escalating the issue , keep it out of the papers or face humiliation . 
  the uk should offer spain a way to step down without looking bad - but make it clear if they do n't take it then the uk will do all it can to humiliate . 
  fuck off to twitter then . 
  not a good news source to quote . . the daily mail love banging the race drum and playing innocent . 
  as for the gypsies - do n't hate them for it , they have an extremely poor quality of life in romania , it 's no wonder they 'll travel anywhere if it means a better life for them and their children . 
  that will most likely backfire on the racists ... hopefully people will rally round and condemn and marginalise them . 
   we all have fought each other for centuries . 
  but i think we can agree that it is now time to unite . 
  or you know , we could just accept that there 's no real prospect of any more fighting , and we do n't have to get borged up into a massive shitfest of a corrupt state ? 
   i seriously think that the eu did deserve the noble peace price . 
  i 've no malice at all towards europe . 
  we all share some common origins and the culture we have produced and enjoyed is unsurpassed . 
  however i do n't accept that a homogeneous eu state is a good thing - and i think it 's utterly ludicrous that people think the alternative is war . 
  edit : your positive attitude is nice though , but you 're coming across as the drunk friend who wants to tell everyone else fifteen times how much he loves them and give them a hug . 
  almost never live , but i listen to a huge amount of radio podcasts - mainly bbc r4 - ironically it 's usually on my samsung phone . 
  it 's a shame it ca n't be a positive thing ... 
  i think though that if there was n't the divisive hatred involved , people would n't be interested . 
  marching season over here ( lanarkshire ) is n't quite as bad as they have it in ni , but it is bad ... most people , regardless of religion , do n't like it . 
  what i will say though is that i 'm very cautious to point out one `` side '' as bad without saying the same about the other . 
  a wise northern irish redditor once explained ` whataboutery ' to me , and i think it 's close to the root of the problem . 
  reading the article shows ...  tax concessions offered by western countries and the low wages paid by the manufacturers have helped to turn bangladesh 's garment exports into a $ 19 billion ( 12 billion pounds ) annual industry , with ** 60 percent of the clothes going to europe . 
   it 's frankly ridiculous to demand that states get back exactly the same as what they put in . 
  it 's tantamount to saying that you do n't want a cap at all . 
  i do n't agree it 's ridiculous . 
  without that we in the uk end up subsidising inefficient ` artisan ' french farmers to continue their wasteful ways , meanwhile we erect massive protectionist policies against africa . 
  all the cap effectively does is raise the effective price of food by ensuring that it 's only eu farmers that are allowed to grow our food , and making sure africa stays poverty stricken . 
  the microwave thing is the journalist being inexact , they 're talking about allowing a restaurant to label something that was made in the restaurant as such , rather than bought in and reheated . 
  hmm , you seem to pay the same as the rest of the isles , but with a hefty premium on top . 
  poor roi !, 
  salaries in germany might surprise you , they are higher , but not by much . 
  knuckledragger . 
  am i right in thinking that historical austrian thinking was that all that coloured land there which was n't german was considered second prize if austria could n't be leader of greater germany ? 
  ( in a nice way ), 
  i 'm not sure you understand what a conservative view is ... do you perhaps mean that people who identify politically as conservatives ( i.e. 
  neo-liberals ) are for it ? 
  i think i 'd agree with you there . 
   how do i know that after eating gm food all my life and then the next generation and the one after that does the same , there wont be any negative consicvences . 
  are there any long term studies ? 
  this makes me despair . 
  do you say the same about crossbreeding species of plants ? 
  what 's special about gm that you need to treat it with superstition and hysteria ? 
  i do n't think it 's as simple as what you 've said either ...  in the long term it 's closer to what i said . 
  in the short term you 're possibly correct . 
  think of it like drug research . 
  initially roche make a killing as they release the patented drug ( and let 's pretend it 's actually effective rather than just a placebo supported by cherry picked trials ) . 
  eventually the patent lapses and generics are released . 
  widespread research into gm crops will eventually lead to generic crops much better than what 's available now . 
  on a side note , yes they will try to abuse patent law , but that eventually is defeated . 
  people hate gm crops for various superstitious reasons . 
  idiots think they 're a 60s b movie plot waiting to happen . 
  meanwhile gm crop research is delayed to pander to the conservative views , and the resultant tech trickle does n't happen , and the world 's poor have to struggle by . 
   why corruption ? 
  3 months to qualify , while we have freedom of movement ? 
  even if you make that a longer period then it 's going to be very expensive to administer and work . 
   and why would they ~ ~ necessarily ~ ~ be opposed ? 
  in general i think they would be opposed . 
  essentially it 's people who have not invested much in the country , who do not understand it so well getting a vote . 
   i do n't think you should have taxation without representation . 
  i agree , but we have to consider what 's reasonable , and practical - i think this is just too difficult , and brings barely any benefit . 
  it would lead to masses of corruption , and extra administration costs , and additionally the people in the country you get to vote in will be opposed to it . 
  all i can do is suggest you [ read this article ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504763_162-57411822-10391704/homophobia-may-reveal-denial-of-own-same-sex-attraction-study-suggests/ ) and see if you recognise anything . 
  makes me think [ of this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gt9xuxqjxmm ), 
  hmm , she 's an attractive lady , but not in the same class as coulter . 
  she comes across as dumb , rather than evil . 
  they can not however say that they are both for equal rights , and totally fine with gay people , and at the same time want them treated differently . 
  i appreciate that it will take a long time for views to change , however that does n't mean views should n't be challenged . 
  the most dangerous view to challenge is that one though - `` i 'm for equal rights , but not for adpoption/marriage . '', 
  i can understand people not wanting marriage/adoption , however they can not get away with the hypocrisy saying they 're for equal rights when they are not . 
  i believe people want the peace of mind that their conscience is sated because they 're treating people equally , but they also do n't want to treat people equally . 
  i do n't want to allow that conceit . 
  fine if someone says `` i accept gay people , however not fully and i would n't allow marriage/adoption '' . 
  they 're wrong ( in my opinion ) , but entitled to that view . 
  i think she 's sexy . 
  :( same with anne coulter ... 
  i have this weird thing for evil women . 
  ( evil with a capital letter ) . 
  when amanda knox was ruled to be not guilty she got considerably less attractive , instantly . 
  anyway , let reptiles like le pen stand up and voice their opinion - sunlight is the best disinfectant , and only by arguing with the reactionary views will they be defeated and dissolve . 
  you can change it - that 's the point . 
  i do understand that it 's a result of education , but only by talking about it , by arguing , but saying `` not in my name '' will views evolve . 
  you 're absolutely correct - and progress is to be welcomed , even if it 's not where we want it to be as the final destination .
