  it depends on how you look at it . 
  rampant disease , religion , warlords , corruption and tribalism are problems . 
  they all lead to a hand to mouth subsistence existence , and hardier crops would help . 
  well they have the right , but as friends of those countries we need to warn them if we think they 're making a mistake ... however they 're so anti-london it becomes questionable if they 're our friends any more :(, 
  the eurozone should have taken note of how sweden got on with a transaction tax . 
  i understand their attitudes - and i want to make it clear at no point have i criticised an individual 's opinion , other than myothercarisawhale . 
  i 'm criticising the irish state , and while it is even more clear now that the nazis were awful , it was clear at the time and in my view unforgivable . 
  i 'm disgusted by myothercarisawhale 's view that it was n't ireland 's problem and that the nazis were better than britain . 
  i wo n't level any criticism against individual irish people at the time , nor at individual germans . 
  that 's fucking disgusting . 
  if you do n't know the answer to that you should be disqualified from the human race . 
  you do n't choose a convenient time to do it . 
  a nominal declaration of war would have been enough - or would that have been too much to risk ? 
  my entire male family was wiped out - impoverished scottish miners - they were certainly not rich and i do n't believe they would have whined about `` not being ready '' . 
  neutrality at state level is inexcusable for ireland and switzerland . 
  portugal and sweden sent soldiers to help , at least , and as we know the spanish state helped the axis . 
   and what would you like the impoverished irish people do ? 
  something . 
  anything . 
  every male in both sides of my family willingly gave their lives against the nazi threat , neutrality is utterly indefensible in my eyes . 
  i lost two grandfathers , 2 great grandfathers , and 4 great-uncles in ww2 . 
  they gave everything . 
  ireland had that to give and did not . 
  i 'm aware of the atrocities committed against ireland over the hundreds of years prior to irish independence . 
  however it does n't excuse irish neutrality . 
  ireland did small parts to help the allies , meanwhile the ira helped axis intelligence against the allies . 
   do not judge the irish government for not wanting to march their tiny army of only 10,000 men to their deaths . 
  while the rest of the allies did . 
  you make the mistake of assuming that since i oppose irish neutrality i therefore must agree with everything the allies/empire did . 
  i do not . 
  your defence of ireland is purely based on attacking what the allies did - regardless of what the allies did they fought against fascism in europe while ireland did not . 
  while the allies gave lives every step of the way to hiler 's bunker the irish prime minister gave condolences to the nazi empire for hitler 's death . 
  during the second world war ireland was a scumbag nation of nazi apologists . 
  how about we do n't see the eu as an imperialistic state in competition with russia for influence ? 
  you 're not . 
  as a nation you 've spent your future already and your future generations will live in a country where as much wealth as possible is extracted by the people you owe it to . 
  it 's not private companies that have fucked you , it 's your government 's policy . 
  you were booming and your increased gdp was a bubble which burst . 
  i 'm sympathetic of course , but sadly that 's the truth of it . 
  if you ca n't manage austerity ( and it 's questionable if austerity works ) then you go back to borrowing more , and you must eventually pay it back . 
  yeah , fuck africa , let 's wait a generation . 
  i mean some ludicrous unfounded superstitious risk is clearly worth delaying a method to feed the world 's poor . 
  fuck em , it does n't feel natural . 
  honestly your attitude is a crock of shit , europe is the most important area in the world for science ( at least at the moment ) and we 're buying into watermelon/pseudo-religious rubbish like this ? 
  yeah , occasional scoops by printing lots of rubbish and hoping something turns out not to be . 
  i think it 's best not to read their stuff , and if it 's worthwhile it 'll come out elsewhere anyway . 
  that 's the problem , they 're not objective , they have no credibility to maintain and their `` right on '' audience do n't care if it 's true , it 's just anti-capitalist rubbish to make them feel about the cold corporate world they live in . 
  rolling stone have nothing to lose by printing this story if it 's just a crappy conspiracy story , so it 's worth ignoring unless/until someone else picks it up . 
  he was a few hundred years late to write the declaration of arbroath  as much as i 'd like to claim locke as a scot , he was not - likewise hume was not english . 
  but do you know i 'd happily share with you - what a generous thought . 
  are you taking the piss ? 
  there 's massive youth unemployment in europe . 
  massive . 
  it 's desperate . 
  and you think you can just take a jolly trip to europe and get a job for the summer ? 
  i 'm not laughing . 
  honest . 
  people are fucking morons i guess . 
  self obsessed celebrity culture , and anti-intellectualism . 
  at some point during my lifetime it 's became unacceptable to call someone stupid for being ignorant . 
  : / to me the correct response to anyone asking `` is that/those things important '' is `` of course they are , you 're a fucking moron for not knowing and you should be ashamed of yourself . '', 
  it 's great that in my lifetime we 've become tolerant of other races , sexualities , atheism and all , but we somehow seem to have become tolerant of ignorance too . 
  every schoolchild in europe should go to a concentration camp like auschwitz before they leave secondary school . 
  here he is . 
  i 'm interested to see what you think of him . 
  ah yeah , pat buchannan ... accidentally hilarious . 
  he 's from dumbfuckistan i think . 
  there 's a guy in britain called henning wehn , who calls himself the german comedy ambassador to britain . 
  i like his sense of humour , i 've always assumed he 's not known in germany mainly because he lives in the uk . 
  do you know of him in germany ? 
  and french and cold , and i hear from the americans that canadia is communist . 
  i was arrested by a mountie for stealing someone 's bag of milk , eh . 
  i 'm fairly surprised about that , i thought everybody knows it was the german invasion of poland that triggered wwii . 
  i 've been to auschwitz and it 's chilling . 
  everybody should go though ... the fact that people think the death camps were polish indicates they do n't understand what happened which is rather worrying . 
  yes . 
  [ ehic ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/nhsengland/healthcareabroad/ehic/pages/about-the-ehic.aspx ), 
  i have , but i hope i 've at least explained my reasons . 
  a rather eloquant and enjoyable explanation . 
  i know the history . 
  all i think is missing is that the leadership of all of the german countries was considered to be austria for a long time until prussia shocked everybody in the 7 day war and that was the end of austria 's hopes of a germanic union . 
  anyway , yeah , i can understand that ... 
  most of europe has been trying to lever germany apart since erm , well , roman times . 
  i do n't mind celebrating our differences , but when scots are offended by being called english the direct implication is that being english is inferior . 
  which i do n't accept . 
  neil alexander is the rangers goalie , and has a remarkably bad picture on wikipedia . 
  are you saying that austrians born in the 50s and 60s , to distance themselves from nazi germany claimed to be of different genetic stock ? 
  i 'd have thought the most offensive thing to say to an austrian is `` fritzl is only the second most famous austrian '' . 
  or perhaps stick another shrimp on the barbie . 
  they 're also very good though . 
  i 've liked everything of his that i 've seen . 
  remarkably highbrow considering the way history/documentary type stuff seems to have been hideously dumbed down in recent years . 
  ca n't remember his name !, 
  i had it in my head it was neil alexander , but well , he might be a safe pair of hands for a documentary but not that safe ... , 
  what do you mean about the polish death camps ? 
  do you mean that people mistake the death camps which were geographically located in poland as being created/operated by poland ? 
  that would be pretty much as offensive as it could get , i think . 
  indeed . 
  if scotland and england are n't at least similar then who in the world is ? 
  possibly the welsh and the english have more in common . . but really the scottish anti-english attitude is embarrassing and childish .
