  so in the next 10 years you need to build houses for 15 % of czechs ? 
  at least you 'll have a construction industry unlike the rest of us ... 
  i assume though that your government , like ours is letting the problem fester because it 's too long term for them to worry about votes ? 
  does n't pay it 's way ? 
  11 % of tax receipts . 
  fuck off champagne socialists with your fictitious figures . 
  given that cameron acheived a massive popularity boost with the veto , handing him another opportunity to tell the eu to shove it up their arses is hardly going to help unity , especially when it 's an eu commissioner . 
  they treat it like a game of football . 
  they pick a side and vote everything up that agrees and everything down that disagrees . 
  some of them even vote down every other post in a thread from a person when they disagree with one of their posts . 
  it is n't of course unique to europe , and it 's not unique to europhiles of course , but there 's certainly a lot of them doing it . 
  i do n't know who said that a united germany was n't possible - it was n't me . 
  i think they may have been slightly off the mark ... actually i do n't understand why it was said , germany was trying to be united for a long time - it was feudal leadership that got in the way . 
  that , however was applied to a geographic location filled with people who speak the same language and consider themselves to be german . 
  europe is not the same . 
  well , that 's got me off to my day with a smile on my face !, 
  it was n't on the table , it was under the table . 
  if he had agreed to what was on the table the financial transaction tax would have arrived . 
  cameron 's demands were reasonable - even nick clegg who is in all the papers attacking him said they were reasonable , and there 's nobody more europhile than him . 
  i do n't agree with you at all . 
  why on earth would n't sarkozy not give the assurance he sought unless there was a transaction tax coming ( which by all reports there would have been ) ? 
  had he signed the treaty then a financial transaction tax could ( would ) have hit london . 
  at least you 're not bitter about it , and spent the past 150 years letting it preside over everything . 
  you guys are too quiet !, 
  you need to speak up more . 
  well i 'd hope serbia has ... 
  indeed , you lot had an alliance with * them * while we had one with france . 
  incorrect . 
  26 out of 27 did not agree it . 
  some of the nations said they need to put it to parliament . 
  it 's likely that 2 out of the 3 will say no . 
  your explanation has no basis in fact . 
  here 's a quote from [ the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-16086019 ) . 
  nobody could call the bbc tory supporters or eurosceptics - they 've been broadly critical of the veto . 
   why did david cameron refuse to sign up ? 
   before the summit , mr cameron said he would not sign up to any change involving all 27 member states that did not protect british interests - particularly on financial services and access to the single market . 
  the uk has long been resisting calls from other eu leaders for a europe-wide bank transactions tax which it says would hit the city of london hardest . 
  it is not thought such a tax was specifically discussed but mr cameron sought a separate legally-binding `` protocol '' to protect the city of london from more eu financial regulations . 
  he did n't get one . 
  france 's nicolas sarkozy argued that much of the financial crisis was down to a lack of regulation and it would not have been right to give the uk a `` waiver '' . 
  i do n't know of one , no . 
  but what we have from the three main papers is enough , i think , when you discount what looks to be rubbish . 
  sadly that does mean that the assumption is always that the truth lies between two points , and you virtually discard the notion that the truth lies on one of the two points . 
  the bbc is also a source , however i 've just identified a problem with their editorial policy . 
  the bbcs view of balance is to take two opposing opinions and let the viewer/reader decide . 
  even if 99.99 % believe one opinion and only the church of the nutters believes the other . 
  the whole jeremy clarkson debacle was actually him making fun of the bbc editorial policy . 
  it 's accepted that it would be in the treaty . 
  if it was n't going to be in the treaty then sarkozy and merkel would have said so . 
  no , i do n't think we do - unless you want to look at some of the islands . 
  however i feel we have more in common with norway than we do with france/italy/spain / greece/romania etc. 
  first of all why do you single out the telegraph ? 
  both the guardian and independent have been spouting out an inordinate amount of shite over the past few days . 
  secondly how do you know it 's rubbish ? 
  neither you nor i can really tell what the truth is since we were n't there . 
  but what you 've quoted reads to me as being the truth . 
  yes , but i feel we 're going far too fast - and importantly we 're putting up too many barriers with the rest of the world . 
  south america , china , india , north america , africa are all extremely important markets and we have a far greater ability to trade with them outside of the eu 's protectionist barriers than we do from inside . 
  the eu seems to me to be an excuse for statist politicians to not only run their own countries , but to run a bigger one . 
  sadly that 's true , although it seems to be grouping together to make sure the bigger ones do n't impose rules that do n't suit them . 
  so if you were n't in a political union with the bigger ones it may not be needed . 
  oh good . 
  that 'll sort that out ... the investigation will be free and impartial and we can all be assured that russia is a free and democratic place . 
  we 've always been on the fringes of europe . 
  geographically and philosophically . 
  i do n't expect any significant change . 
  i do n't expect any change here either . 
  the summit did not achieve a solution . 
  it may yet be saved . 
  yes , he really has . 
  depends on how all the spin works . 
  probably this will be forgotten as it 's not that big a deal . 
  no we can not , we never have been the heart of europe so we ca n't go back there , nor could we ever really be the heart of europe - we just do n't have the same philosophy as the france/spain/italy , and the nations we are closer to , we are n't close enough to be the de facto leader . 
  there was a need for them to leave . 
  someone made a very good point that the tories should have tried to form a liberal block , rather than a europsceptic one . 
  thanks for wishing chaos on the uk ... 
  while i do like the friendly tone ( we have a rather neanderthal attitude towards europe at times ) i do n't think it 's in any way warranted . 
  i do n't really see any need to be nervous . 
  the french and germans are shooting their mouths off in the press , and surprisingly enough the tories are n't doing it here ( perhaps next week ? ), 
  but i think it 's all just rhetoric for their own voters . 
  we 're not about to embark on a cold war with the eu . 
  i can see us in a nordic union , but not ireland - they do n't seem very north european . 
  did n't salmond recently indicate we 'd stick with sterling over the euro ? 
  i 'm not sure , but i think he did ? 
  i agree with you , independence within the sterlingzone rather than federal europe . 
  although if independence means giving salmond the cheque book then i 'm not too keen on that either . 
  thanks . 
  that was very interesting indeed ... and the youtube clip was fascinating too . 
  not in the way germany/france want to implement it . 
  they want an eu wide tax which is something the tories will wisely never agree to - nor would gordon brown , or any pm or chancellor there 's ever been . 
  international agreement for it is n't there , it has n't taken time to come around , it just is n't there nor is there any sign it 's coming . 
  it 's certainly time to move past ww2 for germany , and they have a great deal of things to be admired , but the article is a bit mushy and does n't really have anything to say . 
  you 're only mad we stopped you in 1851 :p seriously though , does slesvig-holstein have any desire to go to denmark now , or is it so far in history that the people there do n't consider themselves to be the least bit danish ? 
  neither should . 
  if you propose a tax that hammers one specific nation then you 're proposing a bad tax . 
  if it 's a tax on future c02 emissions by cars or a tobin tax on financial transactions , or a tax on olive oil , champagne or belgian chocolate then it 's not a fair tax . 
  there 's no need for the tax other than a populist punishment on banks and a great big raid on the british taxpayer . 
  i had this typed up and then thought better of it , however since notepad was still open this morning , fuckit i 'll stick it up for better or worse . 
  i do n't really stand behind it , it 's really just an attack on serbia from what i recall of european history . 
  **** you appeared back on the map in 1878 . after the great powers of europe decided you should exist .
