  an act done against the will of the people , in a time of crisis . 
  rushed through because it was deemed necessary . 
  goodbye democracy on the continent . 
  i love this quote -  `` in danger of saving the cancer and not the patient '' boris johnson always has a way with words , but that particular phrase is near poetry . 
  we disagree on what a pimp is . 
  let me use a different way of phrasing it , since our definition of pimp is n't important . 
  why not legalise people working with prostitutes - doormen , receptionists , cleaners , managers etc. 
  as well as brothels , and properly regulate it . 
  does it matter what the 29 % is ? 
  i know anecdotally that they manufacture a lot of it . 
  what 's wrong with legalising pimping ? 
  i do n't know what your understanding of the word is ... it simply means someone who operates prostitutes . . if you prefer a brothel manager/madam whatever . 
  yes ... 9 out of 10 . 
  it 's a huge problem which is already illegal and france ca n't deal with . 
  the solution is to bring it into the open where people can not traffic in humans , where people can not be held prisoner . 
  looks stupid to me . 
  the activity they want to prevent is already illegal but they ca n't seem to enforce it ( human trafficking , pimping , kidnapping etc ) so they 're going to make people who are being forced to prostitute against their will go to jail ? 
  would n't the solution be to legalise it totally , legalise brothels , legalise pimping and have regular checks where if someone is being held against their will they can just leave with the inspectors ? 
  yes . 
  i think someone 's opinion is their own business , while you think they should have to agree it with you in advance . 
  i 'm just laughing at you now . 
  you say it 's superficial - except you also say it 's an act of war , and of blackmail ... you say there 's no reason except there is , because you 're proposing to underwrite italy + pigs . 
  you say you have nothing against honest , reliable ratings , except what you mean is that anyone 's opinion who does n't match yours is an act of war . 
  anything s&p say is an opinion . 
  you ca n't call an opinion an act of war - not unless you 're in a totalitarian state . 
  so you 're going to declare war back against s&p if they do n't keep germany 's aaa rating intact ? 
  what if they say they 're not going to rate germany any more because they do n't want to start a war ? 
  will you declare war on them for not putting a press release out saying `` germany have a great economy and we see no problems ! '', 
   ... a ratings agency starts to randomly assign credit ratings , trying to change foreign policy by what essentially is blackmail ( `` do this and that , or we crush your economy '' ) . 
  how is this not an act of war ? 
  how is it an act of war ? 
  for fucks sakes they 're expressing an opinion . 
  how is that an act of war ? 
  are you drunk ? 
  you 're an idiot . 
  i was going to try to explain why you 're wrong but i ca n't see how to start . 
  that 's very true . 
  however the ratings agencies should just ignore things and rate rather than worry about the repercussions of doing so . 
  otherwise it 'll just be lies , and what they do will be useless . 
  the self delusion in what you 're saying is staggering . 
  a ratings agency warns that you 're about to take on a whole bunch of debt and it puts your credit rating at risk and you think it 's an act of war ? 
  i ca n't get over the fantastism in the europhiles . 
  you 're knee deep in debt rushing into fiscal union , underwriting economies which are corrupt and ca n't raise taxes , while the citizens of those economies hold mass protests about having to pay the money back ... and you have the cheek to deny that there might be a problem ? 
  because you 're seeing a conspiracy where there is none ? 
  that 's right . 
  it 's not the ratings agencies trying to do their jobs and indicating that the rest of europe underwriting the pigs debt is a risk . 
  no , they 're attacking europe ... 
  we still have ours in the uk and they indicated in october it was safe . 
  like i said , i do n't recall any , i 'm not saying it does n't happen . 
  the amount of violence conducted by the nutters in the us is n't anything like the same as by the nutters in egypt . 
  the fundies are n't the mainstream in america either , but they are the mainstream in other countries . 
  it is the mainstream . 
  right wing american christians are certainly nutters , but i do n't recall any mercy killings , i do n't recall them stoning women , i do n't recall them attacking rival religions . 
  fundamentalists are the mainstream in places like egypt . 
  in the name of religion . 
  we need to stop apologising for islam . 
  it does n't matter what the books say , what matters is what is done in the name of the religion . 
  its no better our worse than christianity was in the past , but at least christianity had watered down and become obsolete in society . 
  islam causes problems all over the world . 
  the more bailouts you 've participated in before the euro shits the bed the worse it gets for you - if the euro does fail . 
  the very difficult decision that european governments need to make is between a small increase in debt , just one more time , for another bailout , or the massive disaster that the breakup of the eu would be . 
  that 's why they always opt for the lesser of the evils , the next bailout . 
  it may be different for them if they were able to set the clock back - but that can not be done . 
  the reason for the stalling here is that it 's a great big decision for germany , and one that could overshadow the country for decades to come . 
  both options are unpalatable but one must be chosen . 
  they have to decide if the eu is going to succeed if they act . . because if it 's not going to succeed and it fails after germany does this massive underwriting of debt then it will be far far worse for them when it goes wrong . 
  in principle many people should be against germany bailing the eu out ... however in practice germany just has too many eggs in the basket not to do it . 
  an impossibly difficult choice i think . 
  what he says is correct , but he 's quite wrong in giving that as a response . 
  the fallout from the breaking of the eu would be cataclysmic for germany . 
  it is not the case that people would suddenly stop buying their goods , that would continue , within the eurozone and outwith it . 
  perhaps demand would diminish due to the depression the sundering of the eu would cause , perhaps they 'd lose a bit due to the single market disappearing , but broadly speaking they 'd still be able to export . 
  i am . 
  they should n't spend the time lowering themselves to the petty small mindedness of the mail/sun/express / etc not only are they not going to convince anyone - because the newspapers only write what people want to hear , even if they know it 's not true - but it 's a great big waste of money . 
  they might as well pay people to go out and argue with mad drunks . 
  the eu are spending money on propaganda against shit newspapers ? 
  what a great way to burn even more fucking money ... 
  if it is the case that the hotel staff were financially encouraged to do it then the truth will appear at some point , those kind of low life criminal types ca n't keep a secret . 
  it 'd certainly make things very interesting in france if someone linked to sarkozy had paid for this to happen . 
  1 ) will not happen any time soon and i hope it never , ever happens . 
  i 'd much sooner see a world government rather than an federal europe which would be a bad step away from free trade , progress and human development . 
  instead we 'd form a block to compete with the us and with china and with india . 
  before long we 'd have opposing blocks and protectionism , mistrust and maybe even wars somewhere down the line . 
  there was a backlash that started in the late 90s against gender roles . 
  people look back on it and refer to `` girl power '' or ladettes and as part of that women decided to do what men do at their worst excesses . 
  so all of a sudden loads of girls started going out and drinking far too much , groping men , etc etc. 
  added to that we have a very ingrained drinking culture where people believe that having a good night means blacking out ... as for obesity i 'm not really sure why , of course it 's a cultural thing but i ca n't readily identify why we have it but other countries do n't have it so bad . 
  every time someone gets their credit rating lowered they blame the credit rating agencies and they do n't accept responsibility for fucking things up . 
  it 's almost comically predictable ... if it was n't such a serious thing . 
  yet every time they put their hands up and lie about it claiming it 's not their fault it 's the ratings agencies , time shows it is their fault . 
  the first time it happened it was with the banks in the uk . 
  and short sellers were being blamed there ... everybody believed the short sellers were up to no good and the banks were sound ... it turned out they were not . 
  it 's happening to countries and to companies and every time the ratings agencies get it right . 
  the only time they do n't get it right is when they do n't spot that a company is illiquid , or insolvent in time - through complacency . 
  so when a ratings agency downgrades a country i 'd say that 's because that country is less likely to meet their obligations . 
  yes i realise that the rating agency is propagating that by the ratings reduction however the agency is not there to lie , they 're there to give their opinion . 
  i do n't mind that so much at all . 
  i do mind when everything i say gets downvoted because people disagree with some of what i say in other comments or threads , or because people disagree with me in general principles from what they 've seen me say elsewhere or what they imagine me to be in favour of , so they feel they have to downvote anything i say . 
  i think you 're using downvoting correctly , and you should keep doing it . 
  well , that 's more to do with the way it 's set up .
