  you of course will experience it far worse in greece than the rest of us will elsewhere . 
  what the fuck have you got a swastika in front of the guardian for ? 
  yes i notice it 's about germany and target2 . 
  however i still do n't see why that excludes me from commenting . 
  perhaps the reason you do n't like the way this subreddit is going is because the euro is in serious trouble and i 'm not in here like the iraqi minister of information saying everything is ok . 
  i think you mean `` well i fucking never you cunt ! '', 
  we pay an enormous amount of money into the eu , and we have lent an enormous amount of money to eu countries . 
  on top of all that you seem to be displaying the attitude that the eu clusterfuck is n't real as long as nobody talks about it . 
  it is real . 
  germany and france need to decide if they 're going to underwrite the debt of the other counties , if not they will default . 
  i bet berlusconi is looking at that with interest ... 
  do n't forget the [ cfp . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84zzpuyimwu ), 
  i 'm speechless at this . 
  how on earth do you try and reason with people like these ? 
  nah , nationalism comes into it too . 
  how magnanimous of him to permit the lawful ones ... 
  are you some kind of idiot ? 
  do n't you understand the rules in / r/europe ? 
  rule 1 - upvote your side . 
  rule 2 - downvote the other side . 
  note 1 - your side is either the same political leaning , or the same country . 
  ideally both . 
  note 2 - up or down votes are to be done regardless of what is being said , remember that you are supporting a team and not debating a point . 
  note 3 - just like a game of football every tackle the opposition does is a foul , and every time one of their players is tackled then he has dived . 
  do not let the truth get in the way . 
  while i do agree they are a bunch of early retiring tax dogers ... the logical conclusion of all of this austerity in greece will be the poor taking the very worst of it in order to make sure the germans and french get their money back . 
  i do n't believe the austerity measures will be possible with just sensible or fair measures . 
  i think people will be wrung dry . 
  for a while i was thinking greece might hold out and manage not to default completely , but now i 'm thinking they should default , take the cataclysm that follows and struggle on afterwards . 
  i guess it is up to the germans . 
  i do n't envy merkel having to choose here . 
  the reason for the satisfaction is the eu 's avarice towards london has been recently laid bare , their objection to democracy has been laid bare and finally the uk has done something against it . 
  the vast majority of people in the uk want to step back from the political and fiscal union of the eu and when the channel widens we feel relieved . 
  i 'm basing it entirely on your translated transcript . 
  i struggle to follow french if it 's spoken at full speed , i can only understand it if i 'm spoken to like an idiot . 
  [ more ] ( http://www.davidicke.com/ ) of this type of thing . 
  you got an edit in there while my response got 502 . . 
  i think hannan is a bit of a troll but that 's not always a bad thing . 
  i have nothing good at all to say about daul . 
  i do n't always agree with hannan and he 's so south of england it gets my scottish hackles up , but i never tire of listening to him . 
  got me !, 
  i should n't laugh but i did !, 
  it 's supposed to be a minute i think , but a minute response is standard i think . 
  out of interest , how much weight does this alsatian carry in france ? 
  is he perhaps just posturing for the french elections next year ? 
  does he carry any weight in germany because he 's from strasburg ? 
  also if the french redditors do n't mind , how do your press take his comments ? 
  nice of her to put the petty grandstanding behind her . 
  the whole anti-uk thing is a red herring and the eu has more important stuff to get on with . 
  i 've always wondered who the people are in that area ? 
  i understand it was prussia for a long time , and then germany and then russia . 
  that 'd mean it 'd have russians , germans , lithuanians , polish , belarusians in it . . however wikipedia says they 're all russian ... 
  that 's the choice though . 
  you lent money to a country full of tax dodgers with massive corruption and now you have to force them to repay you by imposing austerity measures on them , and those measures will hit the greek poor and not the people who ruined the greek economy . 
  it is n't your fault that greek is a poorly administrated country , but you either face the prospect of the hard working german taxpayer getting short changed , or the greek poor getting more deprived . 
  i do n't really think so . 
  finance is great , industry is great . 
  i do n't think there 's a choice between them , in that you can have both . 
  you do not need to abandon industry to have finance or vice versa . 
  french leaders are always put in a bad light in the british press . 
  however the only thing i 'm really aware of is that sarkozy 's camp might have been involved in the smear attempt in new york ? 
  like jb says though we do n't see much of a difference no matter who is in charge . . the french try to protect their farmers . 
  you 're being intentionally obtuse . 
  if you had acted sooner then yes , things would have been better . 
  i personally think that you 're still going to end up losing a great deal of money because of the euro , but time will tell on that one . 
  i do n't want you to lose money , but i think it will happen . 
  even if it does n't you will be the ones enforcing poverty and deprivation on the greek poor for years . 
  you ca n't draw your conclusion yet , not until the end of the crisis . 
  as yet there is no eu solution , and the markets are n't happy . 
  if you manage to solve it then it may yet prove you to be correct ... however if it still goes bust then i 'm sure you 'll admit that at least in germany you 'll be a great deal poorer for the whole experience . 
   the us financial crisis just ruined the whole world . 
  the french and germans want to make sure they get their money from the poor people in greece , so they want to make sure they can force them to pay for the largess of their political elite . 
  the only way they can do that is by being able to force measures through against the democratic will of the greek people . 
  in the uk we 've decided to directly measure the success of things by the % age of people going to university . 
  we 've ignored that they 're barely doing anything , barely learning anything and it 's all an exercise in deception by the government and university boards . 
  there are of course still worthwhile courses there , but too many of our young people are put through university needlessly and with no tangible benefit at the end . 
  we do ` the trades ' in much the same way as germany , but we do n't do much else other than joinery , plumbing etc that way . 
  we keep recycling old ideas and old ways of doing things and currently the trend is for young people to be forced to do sham apprenticeships stacking shelves for free while there is no prospect of a job at the end . 
  how can you blame the us for this ? 
  certainly they sparked it off , but steadfast bloody minded ignorance is all you have left if you can not accept that many other countries were in severe trouble and that the eurozone countries got into bed together when some of them had the financial nous of a seven year old at an amusement park . 
  without the us the reckoning would have come , perhaps later - and if it was later would it not have been worse ? 
  a tax on our financial sector . 
  no it is a response to the bile spouted against the uk . 
  [ this ] ( http://news.uk.msn.com/politics/articles.aspx?cp-documentid=160053224 ) type of thing . 
  this article was 1 minute old and it got the first downvote . 
  anyone want to argue with me that there is not a bunch of people on here who downvote without reading ? 
  well it 's easy . 
  all he needs to do is get into power , suspend reality , change it , and then set things in motion again ... 
  it 's very difficult to explain . 
  however i 'm really just saying that politics in the uk is n't very honest . 
  weasel words ...  `` the uk 's excessive deficit and debt will be the subject of surveillance like other member states , even if the enforcement mechanism mostly applies to the euro area member states . '' we 'll look at it and do nothing . 
  the only regulations that will apply are the ones that the uk has agreed to ( and the uks own ) . 
  if the article seeks to imply that further regulations can be enforced then the article seeks to mislead . 
  there is n't a debate . 
  nick clegg is way out on a limb feathering his nest for an eu job . 
  alex salmond is pro-europe beyond all reason - and seizes every opportunity to be critical of the tories . 
  you ca n't read anything into him criticising cameron . 
  the response to the veto has been massively positive and there 's even calls for a snap election to force a tory government rather than a coalition ( i think they 're a little bit mental ) . 
  the only people saying cameron got it wrong are the ones who would disagree with him no matter what he said .
