  if you give a 250k population a veto on something when they are only 0.1 % of the population then i 'd say that 's the problem right there . 
  there 's two big things , i think . 
  on an individual nation level mandates are needed . 
  the uk for example need to clarify the mandate towards the eu and the people need to decide if they are happy to continue to be in it , and happy for it to progress . 
  the last time we were asked it was for membership of a common market which is greatly different from the way it is now . 
  the lisbon treaty needed to be ratified by referenda , but was n't . 
  and at european level the attitude towards member nations needs to change as well . 
  at eu level democracy is brushed away . 
  i do n't know if i could quantify the change exactly , it 'd have to be a whole change of attitude , from one where the people and democracy are a nuisance and something to be appeased when it 's suitable to something that is utterly sacrosanct . 
   sacrificing freedom for a while no , it 's not worth it . 
  and please do n't try to say that giving up democracy will lead to democracy . 
  he 's a federalist because he 's in favour of federal europe and proposing actions that will lead to such . 
  he 's anti-democratic because he proposes to frighten people with spin , use political tools , and in his own words `` it must be made abundantly clear to the european people that a breakup is not an option . '', 
  it 's not a label , it 's a description . 
  i do n't consider it to be an insult , i feel it 's entirely accurate . 
  i 'd like it to succeed as well , but not as a federal superstate swallowing up the sovereignty of all the nations within though . 
  but there are things more important than the eu and what 's happening now is things are being rushed through against the will of the public when the euro-elites know the people do n't want it . 
  we 've now had two heads of states replaced by unelected former eu leaders . 
  it 's quite scary the attitude of the european political classes and how little they care for democracy and freedom . 
   more that european leaders start talking about a break-up of the eurozone , the more unattractive it will become to the european populace  used as a political tool by merkel and sarkozy  a breakup of the eurozone is unacceptable  it must be made abundantly clear to the european people that a breakup is not an option . 
  a breakup is an option . 
  no matter how much anti-democratic federalists like you try to spin the issue it 's an option . 
  just how far would you go against the european people to do what you think is best for them ? 
  it may not be the best financial option , in fact it 's possibly a catastrophic option , but what price is freedom ? 
  it 's just the nature of reddit . 
  there 's a whole circlejerk of europhile fantasists here , who believe they can help the propaganda machine by downvoting anything that is n't an advert for a federated europe . 
  i get downvoted constantly here , and it does n't particularly deter me . 
  what does bother me is the attempt to marginalise anybody ( like myself ) who is more concerned with democracy and freedom than being a louder voice than america , and most of the conversation is just ad hominem attacks on whatever source comes up with something that does n't lie about the state of the eurozone . 
  it was n't always the case that eu membership would be a one way ticket to a federal europe . 
  it 's nothing like as simple as you 're making it in your question . 
  or at least it was n't always seen that way . 
  in fact it 's still not seen that it 's inevitable . 
  it is becoming clearer though that france and particularly germany are dropping any pretence at all and they 're much more up front about being europe and not the nations that comprise it . 
  perhaps it will all come to a head one way or the other . 
  all of our political parties are against democracy as far as the eu is concerned and they block attempts to get a referendum on eu membership . 
  the next eu elections however may see a massive swing against the main parties because the electorate here do n't see meps as doing an important job , and have a much higher propensity to protest vote ( if you see it that way ) or vote for what they really want ( if you see it that way instead ) . 
  we could end up returning the ukip as the largest uk party to europe . 
  and no doubt a whole pack of ` economists ' will queue up to have a go at ratings agencies and blame them for portugal 's woes . 
  comments only from brits so far - europeans do you find this type of satire funny ? 
  they probably could . 
  de facto policy in the eu is now to attack our financial sector . 
  people across the world are basically the same . 
  we 're not really that different . 
  any differences are brought about by human nature , because we 're naturally tribal . 
  language is a huge barrier . 
  extelligence such as religion or cultural norms , or lack of ethical advancement stand in our way too . 
  there 's some stark differences with both americans and europeans ... but there 's also stark differences with other scots or brits . 
  they must mean long in a geological sense ... or astrophysical perhaps . 
  irish are planning to increase vat . 
  of all possible tax increases that is possibly the most unfair thing to do - vat hammers the poor . 
  edit : oh and i linked it not just for the vat increase , but also for the eu 's attitude of `` what ? 
  ok we wo n't apologise , we wo n't accept blame , we will say we regret that it happened . 
  no we wo n't do anything differently . '', 
  except what us british want is very distant to what france and germany want , so we 'd be insignificant . 
  while we could be insignificant in the eu if we get in now ... 
  according to the conservative party pledge this would trigger a referendum ? 
  i am not entirely sure about that . 
  i 'm sorry i did n't click the second link , as it was two links in a row it looked just to be one . 
  the belgian one being boring is quite nasty though , it 's not just boring , it 's pointless - as if they 're worthless . 
  anyway , i think we 're broadly in agreement . 
  oh come off it . 
  he 's not blaming the physical euro coins , try to be less obtuse . 
  that 's utter bollocks . 
  the euro is the problem here , both the cause and the prevention of a cure . 
  if it was a single nations currency they could do all sorts of things that they can not do under the euro . 
  the euro prevents the problem being solved . 
  eurozone countries could issue bonds backed by themselves not by all of the eurozone . 
  that was the problem . 
  they could n't increase interest rates to stave off a boom . 
  at a certain point it fades away . 
  i do n't recall reading anything that adams wrote and feeling he was being racist or ` harping on about cultural stereotypes ' . 
  to a certain extent it 's fine . 
  however the cultural steerotypes i 'm talking about are nasty and unacceptable . 
  irish are stupid . 
  scottish are drunks . 
  dutch are junkies . 
  french smell . 
  germans are still nazis . 
  belgians are boring . 
  that kind of thing should n't be tolerated . 
  additionally we should not draw distinctions between racism just because it 's not against an underprivileged minority . 
  sorry , but petty racism is unacceptable and it should n't be excused as tongue-in-cheek and it is not bearable . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_englander ) explains it quite well , although i do not agree that the meaning has changed to indicate people who want to break up the uk . 
  in my mind , and any context i 've seen it used in , it means a petty racism towards europeans and against anything english . 
  ah , he 's writing to a mainly british audience , so he has , i believe , put a bit of sarcasm in there . 
  these are people who are often labelled as little englanders . 
  it 's of those people that daniel hannan is particularly speaking . 
  it 's always rather embarrassing to me when brits have petty racism , it 's particularly directed against the belgians , french and germans . 
  while he 's very much eurosceptic , he 's also a very keen european . 
  for reference there was a big outcry in the uk over short selling of rbs and hbos . 
  it later turned out that the stock in them was massively overvalued and they had critical problems and were about to be insolvent . 
  however at the time people were blaming short selling . 
  it was n't short selling at fault , it was the banks . 
  the eu today came out with a rather large amount of stuff today which sounded just the same as what was being said during the bank crash in the uk . 
  it all turned out to be untrue . 
  i do n't believe the eu leaders who spoke today claiming everything is ok and it 's all a confidence thing and it 's short sellers to blame . 
  that 's the common attack on them . 
  however they keep getting it right and the pro-europeans keep getting it wrong . 
  very worthwhile reading , however it 's worthwhile pointing out that it 's very different when everybody is in austerity than when it 's just one country . 
  newspapers have a responsibility to report the truth , not to serve as apparatchik .
