hipster much ? 
  iggy pop ? 
  my guess is that they wo n't want a by-election with 6 months to go before a general election , so labour and tory mps who fear they will lose their majority will ask to be selected in their constituencies for ukip not labour . 
  they wo n't sit in parliament as a ukip before the general election . 
  edit : to be clear they can defect without a by-election , of course , but i do n't think any will choose to . 
  it 's an internet hate forum for neo-nazis and other frustrated wankers . 
  for some reason if you talk about race then you must have a racist agenda , according to people like 57ux . 
  `` people of color '' is racist . 
  it 's worded to indicate that it 's a special gift ... it lends well to the whole victim/guilt complex thing that 's especially prevalent in the us . 
  oriental is a word i 'd never use but i do n't know if i could properly explain why i 'm uncomfortable with it . 
  my experiences seem to indicate that indians want to be called indian . 
  pakistanis want to be called asian . 
  people from se asia do n't want to be called chinese unless they 're chinese and want to be called asian . 
  actually it means the opposite . 
  18 % of the victims are non-white yet 30 % of the population is non-white . 
  i do n't know the pakistani percentage , but i would not be surprised if the gangs are targeting anyone apart from pakistani girls . 
  the percentages would seem to indicate that 's possible . 
  the percentages do clearly show there is a bias towards abusing white children rather than non-white . 
  how are france able to avoid it all ? 
  superstitious pish from ireland , who 'd have thunk it . 
  but that outcome is n't possible . 
  you get 10 people kidnapped and executed ... or 1,000 people kidnapped , 500 people killed when trying to be kidnapped , 750 people executed after being kidnapped and 250 ransom paid - and by the end you have dozens of people trying to kidnap more people . 
  paying ransoms should be illegal . 
  it 's abundantly clear what the impact of paying a ransom is - it causes dozens of people to be targeted for new ransoms . 
  symbolism bollocks . 
  it 's people choosing to take offence and other people trying their hardest to give it . 
  you 've got some pricks saying `` it 's londonderry '' in the same way you 'd say `` fuck you '' and others saying `` it 's derry '' in the same way and both using it a way of identifying which tribe they 're in . 
  northern ireland needs to grow up . 
  ancient history . 
  the british isles have been invaded and colonised time and time again . 
  a lot of people looking for reasons to be tribal . 
  honestly , go and take a fuck to yourself . 
  the last thing we need is mongo americans thinking braveheart was a documentary . 
  away and shite . 
  neither really . 
  i 've never felt that one conflicts with the other . 
  i 'm reasonably well informed about what happened in the empire and afterwards in the last 100 years or so and i suspect that helps me understand better . 
  scotland is an essential part of britain , england alone could not have managed and would be a considerably different country to what it is now . 
  the nhs , the welfare state - what are known broadly as the post-war consensus are very much british things , and again i do n't really think they 're something that would have arisen without the union . 
  as to being scottish i most certainly am , however that 's a different but not conflicting feeling . 
  we 're not quite the same as england - but we 're very nearly the same - and we have our own distinct history . 
  not quite . 
  we 're ruled from westminster and we directly elect mps there , we 're not ruled by another country like we ruled hong kong . 
  i agree - it 's very frustrating when it gets the jenny mccarthy treatment . 
  down with double irish with a dutch sandwich . 
  it 's ireland 's fault - but they do n't want to change their laws because it would mean the pittance they get will be lost in order to make the corporations pay their fair share . 
  of course as soon as ireland stop playing silly buggers then they 'll switch to switzerland and luxembourg . 
  you are entirely mistaken and you come across as a bigot . 
  yes voters were tricked too . 
  independence was going to be an absolute disaster and in no way the socialist utopia the yes campaigners said . 
   because one campaign failed . 
  you mean the campaign failed . 
  there wo n't be a second campaign . 
  he 's just made a speech and there was no attempt to backtrack in it , he 's appointed lord kelvin to oversee a rapid set of further devolution . 
  this vote was black and white - one option or the other . 
  each of us in scotland weighed up all there was to consider and made a single choice . 
  it is over now with the fife declaration . 
  victory for scotland - that was always going to be the result yes or no . 
  a lesson in democracy for the world . 
  a demonstration that nationalism is inferior to solidarity . 
  i 'm not sure you understand how offensive that is . 
  it 's the only sensible measure . 
  my understanding is there 's a lot of militant muslims in belgium and they 're rabidly anti-semetic . 
  boston tea party . 
  that 's not how you were taught to make tea !, 
  is it possible for the uk to exist in a european union but without immigration problems , the euro and the ever increasing political union - or must we either choose to leave , or to fully commit ? 
  i like the simplicity of it , if you start to try to group countries together you run into problems . 
  it 's maybe a language thing , i 'm not furious in the least , i 'm dismissive . 
  edit : this guy is actually stalking me in other subreddits replying to my posts . 
   i doubt you had that in mind . 
  if that 's where it is then that 's where it is ? 
  from the looks of the map poland is probably overlapping 2 if not 3 compass directions so i 've given the un the benefit of the doubt and assumed they got it right . 
  why do you think i have an agenda ? 
  it 's not an accusation , it 's a fact . 
  if you care about being put in the east of europe because that 's where the former communist countries have been put then you need to grow up . 
  pandering to people taking offence at petty things like this is pathetic . 
  the un have chosen to do a 4 way division and it looks to be correct to me . 
  there will always be reasons to make it more complicated but no matter how far you go there will always be reasons to do more . 
  the point of the map is to be accurate , not to pander to people 's nationalism and xenophobia . 
  you mean why are the baltics which are in the north of europe not in the east of europe ? 
  that 's because they 're in the north . 
  and russia which is in the east of europe is in the east because it 's in the east of europe . 
  have a look at russian population density . 
  but do n't let facts get in the way of pandering . 
  nope . 
  i mean taking a map of europe and saying that 's west because it 's in the west , that 's east because it 's in the east , that 's north because it 's in the north and that 's south because it 's in the south . 
  directions have nothing to do with cultural and historical aspects . 
   the baltics do n't really have anything culturally in common really ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  east/west/north / south are just directions . 
  well pandering to the drama is not helpful , it 's eastern europe . 
  are n't all the arguments because the people in eastern europe do n't want to be put together ? 
  the un map is right and it 's nice and simply done . 
  the second map is overcomplicated because it tries to pander to everybody . 
  it also requires you to look at the map because greece is apparently further west than albania etc. 
  i said fans not hooligans . 
  big difference ... 
  then rip up your schengen agreements . 
  or start sanctions on italy . 
  or take them to court .
