  that 's a little bit extreme . 
  the most democratic continent in the world - yep - getting less democratic - yep . 
  leaving the eu is not xenophobic . 
  you do ukip a serious disservice by saying the reason they want to leave is not rational . 
  remember why germany is really in the eu though - they have a budget surplus and they sell to the south of europe . 
  over time germany will become richer at the expense of the piigs . 
  that 's why germany 's stance differs from the other northern countries , it is n't on ideological reasons , it 's on ( ironically ) realpolitik . 
  i 've reconsidered and edited my post . 
  explain why that automatically makes him xenophobic ? 
  in fact i 'd like you to explain why europhiles try to take the moral high ground against eurosceptics and claim that anyone who is n't pro-federal europe is automatically a petty little xenophobe ? 
  there 's plenty of little englanders in ukip , and their policies will suit xenophobes - but that does n't mean everybody who votes ukip is a xenophobe . 
  blair is technically scottish , but i 'm not accepting responsibility :p you can keep brown . 
  anyone can keep brown . 
  darling i do n't mind so much at all . 
  it can sound as silly as you like . 
  but the mass downvotes speak for themselves . 
  edit : and the voting patterns have changed now ... 
  i am of course guessing , but when in a short space of time a lot of + and - arrive on either side of an argument , and then later they get watered down by ` proper ' voting then it would indicate sockpuppets , or people posting about it elsewhere . 
  i 'll watch to see what happens over the next day or so . 
  they 'll start programmes to make everybody feel more european and they 'll stamp out the nation states over time , or try to . 
  we really should n't do things based on appearance . 
  but every time i see that sad sack of a man i think back to what [ farage said ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqovtgjyjm4 ) ... guilty laughs abound . 
  i do n't think you 'll find any statistics . 
  however it all stopped dead in the credit crunch , but the city did n't shut down , that 's all the evidence i think there is , but it is enough . 
  as for your money back ... people aged 50-70 have it , for the most part . 
  plus the political/corporatist elites . 
  they wo n't be giving it back . 
  however they are pleased that the eu is getting deeper entrenched , because they 're the same people who are being protected by the eu , who will run the eu . 
  not today it 's not . 
  the aftermath of hurricane bawbag means there 's a wind chill factor of minus fuck . 
  sorry , i was being facetious . 
  i 'd be able to decide better if you put up a picture of your wife . 
  it 's simple thinking so it 's what we see in lazy journalism and bad satire . 
  the vast bulk of what the city does is normal banking , the esoteric stuff you talk about just is n't the main work of the city . 
  just because you do n't understand something does n't mean it 's complex . 
  providing capital is an essential part of a successful economy , if you disagree then please go back to the 17th century where people who hold your views have n't been entirely discredited yet . 
  there 's upvotes too . 
  there are people in here who just downvote anything that looks like it does n't put the eu in a favourable light , but i 'm not bothered about it . 
  i 'd much rather they tried to explain why , but i do n't lose any sleep over it . 
  edit : i 'm not going to bother talking to germans in future . 
  it seems to be not a discussion with them , but a game of football ... they play by downvoting me . 
  either that or it 's sockpuppet accounts . 
  i think it 's just other germans though . 
  it makes the whole thing pointless if people are n't here to discuss , but are just here to argue . 
  edit edit : my last edit is over the top . 
  i should n't single out a particular nation and i certainly should n't treat everybody from there the same way . 
  there 's enough ridiculous anti-german sentiment in the uk already without me adding to it . 
  i 'm a little dismayed over the up/down patterns here which go against any attempt to have a discussion , and my frustration shows . 
  [ pax britannica ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_britannica ) slavery was around in biblical times , it was the british empire that [ ended it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abolitionism ) ( at least broadly speaking , as some still exists ) i apologise that i missed the ` second reich ' i did n't consider it to be a significant german empire since it basically just included what constitutes germany now plus a few border territories . 
  the reason it gets called a reich at all is because it was the unification of germany following the long , long splintered period after the holy roman empire . 
  yes , pure altruism , no self interest there ... 
  you want to compare empires ? 
  the holy roman empire was responsible for the dark ages and the your next empire attempted genocide . 
  the british empire on the other hand caused worldwide peace , expanded democracy to every continent on the planet and estabished our language as the de facto lingua franca . 
  we 're quite happy to accept our empire is long gone . 
  you still seem to be trying for one . 
  erm , no . 
  but i do expect the people of europe to throw their hands in the air in despair that there 's an undemocratic european leadership where vested interests , common policies which favour the status quo , protectionism , and europe languishes as the rest of the world moves forward . 
  and i expect every action of the european elite to be to entrench their position against the people and ensure that their regime continues for as long as possible . 
  there 's been nothing similar . 
  of course it 's different , but the napoleonic empire was fundamentally different to the holy roman empire , or the papal for example . 
  it 's difficult to say . 
  i think scots are probably slightly more pro-eu than the english are . 
  we do n't have so many `` little englanders '' here . 
  the political parties in scotland are pro-eu across the board , the most sceptical of them is labour . 
  this will be different , just as all the ones before it have been different . 
  please note i said historically . 
  we are no longer the most important country and have not been so since the rise of america . 
  we do n't have the feudal thing going , no . 
  i 've never complained about the eu not being able to make decisions . 
  the city of london 's interests are the british taxpayers interests . 
  europe has been trying for a slice of that pie for a while . 
  we have lost the empire , we 're no longer the most important country in the world ( that 's why i said historically ) , however we still are what we have ever been philosophically . 
  :( it 's a repeat of thousands of years of european history . 
  anglo-french politics ... magnanimous as always , 
  if `` nationalist rhetoric '' does n't do it then why not history ? 
  you 're dead right on that . 
  70 % labour , 99 % libdem and 30 % tory are pro-european i 'd guess . 
  maybe 10 % labour and 25 % tory are on the fence . 
  however there 's an appetite for a plebiscite here , rather than an mps vote . 
  that would end with us leaving europe , most likely ( it 's not as certain as people make out ) . 
  we 'll take one if it is going , but like i said there is an opportunity cost and it 's deemed to be too big . 
  if i was to be cynical then i 'd say cameron shat it , and worried that he had either to accept the treaty and face a massive revolt , put a referendum forward where we 'd all vote ourselves out of europe , or veto it and take the plaudits for being `` strong on europe '' . 
   i do n't think she 's an embarrassment , i 'd need to be continually reminded of her existence ... she just fades into the wallpaper . 
  for 1000 + years continental europe was the world , the world is a lot larger now . 
  there 's an opportunity cost to being in the eu , and in the uk we largely believe it 's too big . 
  rubbish . 
  we will still trade with the eu even if we are on the outside . 
  the only way that would not happen would be if the eu became more protectionist ... and in that case it would close itself off to the rest of the world . 
  when it comes to the rest of the world vs the eu then the uk shouild choose the rest of the world . 
  the eu exports more to the uk than we export to the eu . 
  the eu joining into a superstate is not going to change that drastically . 
  europe should be looking to the uk for wisdom . 
  we 're the most stable country on the planet , historically the most important . 
  fascism and communism have never held sway here , nor come close to it . 
  we maintain a healthy scepticism of big government , of centralisation , of statism , of surrendering powers to great big undemocratic behemoths . 
  after the french , german , polish , roman , papal , holy roman , byzantine empires europe should be naturally wary of throwing everything in to the eu ring . 
  instead you 're appointing a caesar ... 
  this is the point at which the countries circling the eu black hole have passed the point at which they can achieve escape velocity . 
  for better or worse they are going to be drawn together to a european superstate .
