  trying to force it because pater knows better is what causes the problem . 
  we 're pro-eu in the uk , more or less , but just not against our own will . 
  if they did n't then they 're not . 
  and poland , collectively not necessarily individually are a sack of shite for doing this . 
  he 's scottish , but i 'm talking about his name being death to traitors freedom for britain . 
  yes i was . 
  one , not politicians . 
  one was bad enough without making it plural . 
  with a name like that i bet he got bullied at school . 
  that 's probably why he turned out a bad ` un . 
  it 's probably cheaper for them to go to france and drink there than go to their local pub and pay iceland prices . 
  if there 's any judge of what was or was n't genocide i 'm going to let the germans decide after all they 're the experts . 
  and if anything the germans have been too apologetic for it , they 're still ashamed of things that virtually no living german did . 
  le hamburgler is going to the jail ? 
  it is a walk in the park , the vote will be to stay in europe and it 'll be something overwhelming like 60/40 . 
  probably the most likeable character in allo allo . 
  i watched it all again 2 or 3 years ago and he comes across really well . 
  there already is a meaning for us . 
  scotch - to put a definite end to ; crush ; stamp out ; foil : to scotch a rumor ; to scotch a plan . 
  never happy being called `` scotch '' and i would n't recommend saying it to anyone scottish . 
  so perhaps there is room for a * scottish * verb ? 
  i do n't like him , but i 'm fairly sure he 's going to fail . 
  that 's why he 's grasping desperately with ridiculous stuff like he said today . 
  he 's not been as vocal or as wrong as he has been recently . 
  he 's making his way forward to be prime minister and it relies on a successful brexit . 
  if he fails in this , he probably feels he will not make it to be pm . 
  nobody is making you watch , your search history on pornhub is all your own doing . 
  it 's you that keeps typing those searches . 
  scotland has two in that , 
  you 're a credulous fool . 
  their hearts are not in the right place , it 's for their own benefit . 
  / u/meatisforpussies could n't have said it better . 
  i just love nationalism . 
  if it 's not the nationalists in the tory and ukip parties taking us out of the eu , it 's the snp pretending to care about the eu in order to further their ends , and if all that fails then it 's nationalism in the eu pretending to cosy up to scottish independence as a way to hit back for brexit . 
  yes !, 
  that 's very much the point i was trying to make . 
  it depends if you class a pregnant woman as 1 person or as 2 people ( 3 if twins etc ) . 
  if you class them as 1 person then it 's 1/1 so it stays at exactly 1 person per capita , but if you class them as 2 people or more then it changes it to 1 person per capita . 
  fair enough then . 
  you 're making the typical reddit mistake of assuming that if i disagree with someone then i have the opposite view . 
  i voted against brexit and think it 's going to be a disaster . 
  i do n't like nationalism , and that 's what fuelled it . 
  i just do n't think the cartoon is anything but facile . 
  did you enjoy the one of may up a tree sawing at the branch she 's sitting on ? 
  or any of the other ones ? 
  at what point does it stop being funny and start just simply being cheering for your team , like most of politics seems to have sunk to these days ? 
  the root cause is the same - lack of international cooperation . 
  do n't you understand ? 
  i 'm not confusing them at all . 
  i 'm saying the solution for both is international co-operation and cracking down on non-compliant regimes . 
  as far as i understand the money was channelled through the uk but was placed in other countries . 
  money laundering goes through three stages - placement , layering and integration . 
  it seems the last stage is what was done by uk banks . 
  that does n't absolve them of blame of course , but it 's not as bad a position to be as they were when it was the first stage , as it was with mexican cartel and russian money 10 + years ago . 
  anyone remember the fairly recent link of data about offshore banking and notice that nothing has been done ? 
  tax havens still allow anonymous/hidden ownership of companies ? 
  while that is going on money laundering will continue . 
  sadly though brexit wo n't help , nationalist governments wo n't help ... what 's needed is , like corporate tax avoidance , the eu , us , anglosphere to unite and stamp on the neck of countries like ireland , luxembourg , uk crown dependencies etc and force an end to it . 
  it is n't very good satire is it ? 
  pick up a copy of private eye some time and see how it 's done . 
  these carnival floats are facile . 
  so when are they going to hear an alternative verse that was never part of the anthem and created for propaganda during the jacobite rebellions ? 
  what of it ? 
  it refers to jacobites , and in historical context it 's fine . 
  it was never part of the anthem for what it 's worth , it 's not going to come up in someone 's half baked attempt to research it , so unlike the ` over all ' verse in the german national anthem if someone put that into the british then they 'd have to have done it intentionally . 
  with the attitude you 're showing i do n't think i 'm likely to . 
  happens that i already know the `` over all '' bit was the bit you do n't want to acknowledge any more so i would n't have made this mistake but i think it 's a very minor thing - after all you did just get rid of the first two verses , kept the third and kept the tune . 
  you would n't do that if you wanted to go ballistic if someone got it wrong would you ? 
  [ is this the melody to the old one that offends you ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:national_anthem_of_germany_-_u.s._army_1st_armored_division_band.ogg ) [ and is this to the new one that 's ok ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:national_anthem_of_germany_-_u.s._army_1st_armored_division_band.ogg ) i 'll leave you with a christopher hitchens quote , may he rest in peace . 
  [  if you 're going to be offended , choose something worthy of offense . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yptaiblgt2u ), 
   we did though . 
  well if you did i 'm sorry . 
  my understanding is that it 's the same tune , and you only use the third stanza . 
  are you lying ? 
   i personally do n't , are you lying ? 
   or everyone else gets their shit together . 
  everybody else is just bemused by how much some germans seem to take offence . 
  i do n't see why you care so much . 
  but if you do then pick a completely different tune and words . 
  do n't just crop a verse out and then go ballistic if someone gets it wrong . 
  edit : in response to your ninja effort - you 're actually accusing them of doing it on purpose ? 
  it is n't the same . 
  then how about you do n't have a shit fit at an honest , minor mistake . 
  if it 's got such potential to offend you then pick a completely different tune and song for your anthem and the problem disappears . 
  brilliant  i do n't really keep up to date with it , but i did a search to try to find what i remembered . 
  it is likely too late now for us to leave before brexit . 
  if we do leave the main party in scotland in favour of independence seem to have indicated there 'd be a referendum to reapply to join the eu . 
  i do n't want brexit , scottish independence and likely would vote against reapplying . 
  the disruption is far worse than the benefits/detriments of one or the other . 
  brexit is already going to be a shambles for us . 
  you 'd have made a better point by talking about heart disease or poor health . 
  it 's simply factual to point out that there 's a gulf in opinion between former soviet states and the west of europe . 
  people like you seem to get butthurt as if you 're personally responsible for it . 
  you 're not . 
  i 've not spoken about your views on humanity or morality . 
  i 'm saying that the difference seems to be between former soviet sphere and former nato sphere . 
  the two sides of the cold war seem to have a clear difference in opinion .
