  that 's it europhiles , just downvote this and try to hide it . 
  do n't discuss it ... 
  typical eu - try to look democratic if possible , but that 's second to getting laws through . 
  the last time i saw figures we did about forty percent with the eu and the rest is n't . 
  i 'm at work on a smartphone so i can not easily check but i do consider it to be true . 
  relative to the rest of the world the eu.will only get smaller . 
  the question asked for what we thought . 
  i did n't realise i had to supply references . 
  however most of what i have said is factual . 
  what in particular do you take issue with ? 
  no thank you . 
  the uk has much more in common with other countries than most of europe . 
  joining a federated europe would put up even more trade barriers with the rest of the world , and the rest of the world is a more important trading partner than europe . 
  throughout history powers have attempted to exploit whatever organisation is in place to place europe under control - feudalism , religion , fascism , communism . 
  i expect that a federated europe would be no different and people would try to control it . 
  there are benefits from clubbing together in europe , but federated europe is a nightmare . 
  i 'd much rather have world government than retreat into the eu . 
  indeed , he was looking for it and he was right to do so . 
  that , surely is not the best you can do to criticise him ? 
  i could do far worse and i value his opinion . 
  nonsense . 
  the guardian has it 's own share of ideological driven drivel . 
  depends on the article . 
  if it was a john redwood article explaining the intricacies of fiscal policy then yes . 
  would i trust a telegraph article on eu regulations ? 
  all newspapers have their bias , and the guardian loves to come up with stories like these which may or may not have basis in fact . 
  i 'd need to see it from a more trustworthy source , this area is where the guardian comes up with all sorts of dodgy reporting . 
  the banks still need higher core capital requirements . 
  i 'm unlikely to take offence at the failures of the english football team , 
  they 're doing it wrong then . 
  you should see the junkets south and north lanarkshire councils get/got away with . 
  theoretically it simply means changing signs , which despite what the poster below says have about nil of a cost . 
  in reality it 's used for town councillors to go on jolly little trips to the continent at the expense of the taxpayer . 
  the guardian commented on people talking about the war , they did n't bring up the war . 
  i did not spot that . 
  so instead of being small minded council , it 's typical guardian shit stirring . 
  nice spot !, 
  it 's a `` fun '' `` soft '' article . 
  please do n't take it that we 're out to get you . 
  was it a fatal error ? 
  the reasons are said in the ft article why he was n't more forward with his demands ... had he let the french know , then after the disgraceful way they 've spewed populism in the press in the past few days would you trust them not to malcolm tucker it ? 
  it may well be that cameron looked at all the possibilities and decided to give this a throw of the dice in the hope the french and germans would agree to it , or if they did n't at least he 'd look strong ? 
  even though both france and germany have said they support the tax ? 
  i do n't think we can really judge by what 's in rumpy 's draft proposal , since he knows the uk wo n't be in it . 
  i do n't think we can really judge until we hear what cameron , sarkozy and merkel actually said - assuming it was just the three of them making the calls . 
  all we can really do is guess . 
  cameron vetoed for one of three reasons i think . 
  1 ) he wanted to veto . 
  it did n't matter what , but he wanted the popularity bounce . 
  i 'm cynical but not that cynical . 
  2 ) he felt if he did n't veto then he 'd have to do a referendum . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  3 ) he talked to the other leaders and wanted those guarantees , they said non/nein and he said `` ok i fold '' and left with a veto . 
  have i missed any other possibilities ? 
  edit : actually it 's fucking pointless . 
  this argument has been failing to happen for a week on / r/europe the europhiles just come out with alternatively `` what transaction tax ? 
  is one coming ? '', 
  or `` what 's wrong with it ? '', 
  or `` it 's for your own good . '', 
  i 've yet to see someone argue against the british position without falling on one of those three . 
  who mentioned the war ? 
  i do n't agree with bashing germany , and it 's done for mainly populist reasons . 
  however there was no bashing of germany done by our government , and plenty of uk bashing done by the eu - particularly from france . 
  furthermore your post is bashing the uk . 
  done now to intentionally cause offence , rather small minded . 
  however town twinning is usually just an excuse for the town council to spend taxpayers money on nice little junkets . 
  edit : i got this wrong as pointed out by b d coll and drunken typist . 
  notionally no . 
  realistically yes . 
  i do n't think you understand ukip at all . 
  we have turkey on christmas day , usually for the evening meal but for some reason it 's common to have it early at 3pm or so . 
  we have it roasted , with roast potatoes , brussel sprouts , carrots , cranberry sauce , stuffing . 
  i 'll never , ever want to stop having my christmas dinner ... however i 'd love to have reindeer the day before . 
  what you 've described sounds nothing short of delicious . 
  the church of rome must announce that it will fully co-operate and assist dutch authorities in securing as many prosecutions as possible , and that it recognises the highest authority is the law , and not the church of rome . 
  anything short of that and it is an organisation which attempts to shield paedophiles from the law . 
  you really could have fooled me !, 
  it seems to have been a national pass time for all the time i 've read the media . 
  then again it could be another way of us bashing the french - by exaggerating reports of the french bashing us . 
  that 's an important thing . 
  what 's reality for us brits may not be for germans , for example . 
  something we can learn from here is an indication when our own press are reporting something in a skewed way . 
  this transaction tax though is not something i 'm misunderstanding thanks to the uk press . 
  it really is an smash and grab against the uk . 
  i am willing to believe though , that other countries do not understand it as such . 
  sadly there 's nothing on sale at the moment . 
  venison is very expensive here - it 's one of my favourite meats . 
  # 11 for diced venison or # 20 for venison steaks per kg makes it more expensive than lamb . 
  we do n't know what the discussion was , however cameron asked for conditions to be imposed , and was told that they would not be imposed . 
  as a result he said that there was no point continuing . 
  as far as i understand that means that he was told the transaction tax would not be an option . 
  this argument has happened many times , and it does n't seem to get anywhere . 
  typically the argument then goes down the route that the transaction tax is a good idea , and that it 's there to help britain . 
  surely the japanese can be made to get out ? 
  as for spanish fishermen , most of their fishing is done around the british isles , as far as i understand . 
  [ i can not cite this . 
  sorry i 'm basing it on what i 've read in the press , so it may be ` sensationalised ' . ], 
  most types of fishes around the european shores are close to collapse and the overfishing continues . 
  the financial transaction tax is a naked attack on britain . 
  i 'm astounded .
