  nothing at all to do with the eu ... 
  your reality denial has stepped up a gear . 
  they 've been promised by their government that they can vote for less austerity and stay in the eu . 
  it 's no longer about victoria - and i agree , her sacking is no reason at all to shut subreddits down . 
  it 's sparked off a protest against the admins from the mods of the most powerful subreddits . 
  that 's what this is about now , not someone being sacked . 
  it 's the business of all subreddits . 
  the reddit admins are monetising the site , making it easier to sell it to corporations and forgetting about the subreddits to the point where moderators are pretty much in revolt . 
  your analogy is utter bollocks . 
  they are not public servants . 
  if you do n't like that a subreddit has gone dark then make your own . 
  that 's how reddit works . 
  we use subreddits and trust the mods to do the best they can , if they think it 's right to go dark in solidarity then that 's their call and if we 're not happy we can go to an alternative subreddit . 
  do you consider reddit to be an essential public utility ? 
  the protest is now about lack of communication between reddit admins and reddit moderators . 
  the moderators are unpaid and are responsible for looking after the content that makes reddit money . 
  reddit admins treat them like shit , ignore requests etc. 
  the tools have not been updated in a very long time . 
  the protest is to highlight the dysfunctional relationship between admins and mods . 
  [ methadone is n't that great . 
  ] ( http://www.badscience.net/2006/11/methadone-and-heroin/ ), 
  i am not against it being changed . 
  what i am against is self-deceit and saying that everything is warm and fuzzy . 
  things are n't warm and fuzzy , we can try to make them that way . 
  we should try . 
  we wo n't be successful if we start off from a lie . 
  no worries - i was n't as clear as i thought i was . 
  use your own judgement . 
  hahaha . 
  that 's the worst reddit comment i 've ever read - however it 's also quite funny and your intent was n't bad . 
   i did a bit of googling - `` necessity is the mother of invention '' < -- does that fit ? 
   in here i meant this subreddit . 
  i do n't know what we 're talking about but i did n't mention the uk at all . 
  i do n't know why we got onto talking about polish emigrants from immigrants to poland . 
  if you look at the result of studies into attitudes then there 's a strong correlation with homophobia the more east you go . 
  i thought it was so obvious it did n't need it ... 
  i guess i underestimated people . 
  homophobia , xenophobia , nationalism etc do go hand in hand . 
  worth remembering though that the polish people we get in here are probably far more educated and worldly , and thus less bigoted than the average pole . 
  yep , 2 world wars broke our backs . 
  or alternatively ... the collapse of our empire meant we could n't sustain our high living on the backs of our conquered colonies . 
  it seems to me that lots of people live in a bubble where they believe the world has been a warm fuzzy place for a long time . 
  the reality is more stark . 
  and i want people to understand their motives . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  it 's not acceptable for foreign governments to spy on ai , but we 're not foreign so it 's ok . 
  if you 're opening a window in a room then you wo n't get much movement of air unless it has somewhere to go . 
  open another window on the other side of the house and keep the internal doors open , the air should pass through and cool your home much better . 
  i 'm not sure how the minutiae will work either , but a yes vote would send a new greek government , with a mandate to negotiate . 
  i 'm fairly sure that they 'd get an agreement . 
  given the circumstances and what 's at stake it will be made to work . 
  this is coming from a source that is pro-independence , very left wing , and very biased . 
  nicola sturgeon is not a european leader - and that 's what they want you to think . 
  i could do the same for the petty nationalism coming from post-soviet countries . 
  a new national emergency coalition will form and accept the deal right away , settle things down and call an election for a couple of months away i imagine . 
  if you read this guys headline on staggers it 's like a list of random disjointed , half-baked ideas from a middle class 16 year old schoolboy . 
  so he 's going to be finance minister of a leftist dictatorship post-greece meltdown , or he 's going to fuck off and make a fortune writing more books . 
  nice to see he 's got absolutely nothing at stake while he recklessly gambles away the future of greece . 
   i am hoping this will happen so eu come into senses and finds a compromise . 
  unfortunately , its not happening . 
  so what you mean is that you want greece to be able to blackmail europe with financial ruin . 
  they 've said they can but it 's not credible . 
  oh - my knowledge of german politics is ropey . 
  i know you typically do n't have a majority government . 
  i thought the cdu were the largest party and the spd were the traditional opposition . 
  so is it more like a grand coalition in germany at the moment between two parties who are typically in power when the other is not ? 
  so he 's not from cdu and he 's the opposition , and not the government ? 
   you are contradicting the ecb itself now . 
  if you 're going to flat out lie there 's no point talking to you . 
  world stock markets have risen and fallen on the hopes of greece avoiding a grexit . 
  anyone who denies that is lying . 
   the government said - repeatedly - it will continue negotiating all the way to the referendum until it had a good offer about debt restructuring , then it will support yes ( this is in the public announcement of the prime minister , you can look it up ) . 
  so they kept sending proposals . 
  however the eu focused into turning the referendum on a debate about if greece is in or out of the euro to kill any discussion and instill fear . 
  that 's what tsipras is saying ... that does n't mean it 's credible . 
  he 's been offered a deal , he recommends that the greek people reject it and despite promising no referendum he 's called a referendum and encouraged them to reject it . 
  nobody in their right mind would negotiate with him any more now . 
  he 's always been 4 months late on what he needs to say . 
  if you read/listen to his most recent speech it 's quite clear he 's now just lying . 
  their attempts are completely wrong though . 
  i understand the desire for a haircut , however they 've taken an extremely high risk attitude towards it and a cavalier one at that too . 
  they 've done little or nothing to deal with the problems in greece - in fact they 've done the opposite . 
  they 've procrastinated on reforms that should have been done . 
  if it were me i 'd be ramping pension age on day one of getting into power . 
  i 'd be looking to make long term arrangements which included a debt haircut if gdp continued to shrink and thwarted austerity attempts . 
  there 'd be a very good reason to accept that because nobody would deny that contractions in gdp that offset the austerity can not be sustainable forever . 
  but they 've done fuck all . 
  they 've decided a haircut is what they want and if anything they 've made things worse to force it . 
  the language and rhetoric used are divisive and aggressive . 
  they 've put the troika in a position where they can not agree . 
  the right thing to do was to stay in the programmes at all costs , meanwhile try to make a case that a haircut in future is written in if things do n't go the way that they expect . 
  after all if things do work out and growth happens in greece despite austerity then there 's no problem . 
  it will be a very long time before greece is seen as anything other than the corrupt tax-free country it 's been forever . 
  even still there 's loads of tax evasion going on . 
  the governments have never come to terms with it . 
  if it were me i 'd have found a way to nationalise the hidden savings of the wealthy in greece . 
   they have nothing ( financial ) to lose since greece is a , quote from a european analyst , `` a blimp in the radar that 's just false i 'm afraid . 
  have a look at stock market performances . 
  billions are wiped off or gained on what the greek news is . 
   instead of betting all their money on a close referendum i think the referendum meant that the troika could not continue to negotiate .
