  your comment adds nothing to the discussion at all - other than to say you disagree . 
  you 're also patently wrong - if you 're not borrowing money then your credit worthiness has no impact - how could it ? 
  blaming the ratings agencies is wilful self-denial . 
  he 's right in that the meps need to consider what 's right for the european people , but he 's wrong if he thinks ignoring the markets is going to fix it . 
  if you ignore the very same markets you 're borrowing money from with your fingers in your ears , then do n't expect them to provide a low interest rate . 
  the eu has borrowed money from the markets on a massive scale , and the ratings agencies are essentially sub-contractors of the market who are paid for their opinions . 
  if you do n't like the ratings agencies then do n't deal with the people who pay the piper - the markets the eu has borrowed from . 
  yes he 's right to say that the meps need to act in the best interests of people - but that 's hardly ground breaking , everybody will say that . 
  the meps have sold out the people with the bail outs . 
  i can understand why the slices of the bailout were agreed to , and it 's easier with hindsight to see it , but the fact of the matter is that the bailouts have been the biggest transfer of wealth in the history of the world from the working classes to the rich . 
  edit : downvotes and no comments - typical / europe . 
  downvoting the truth that you do n't like is just like ignoring the ratings agencies . 
  it 's up to the police to decide . 
  i 'd imagine though that protests are fine , however protesting at the people who are mourning is not . 
  the protesters are doing it for effect though , so they 're pretty much guaranteed to protest at the mourners - taunting them , chanting at them , waving banners at them etc. 
  did you consider for a moment that you might be wrong ? 
  from a scottish perspective you can shove it up your arse , in as friendly a way as i can manage . 
  for the non-scots who do n't know about it . 
  it was the address of the south african consulate-general . 
  so we changed the name and literally forced them to have nelson mandela place on their address . 
  these figures are simply wrong . 
  most of us brits know the secret trick of adding o to the end of things , and speaking a bit louder to instantly speak spanish . 
  oi pedro give us-o a beer-o . 
  no it does n't . 
  the obesity epidemic is related pretty much exclusively to highly processed foods and carbs . 
  or perhaps just write it on a piece of paper , screw it up , and then throw it in the bin ? 
  i for one am glad that we 're able to discuss important things like what word we use for a platypus , rather than irrelevancies like the failed immigration policy and the resulting humanitarian disaster . 
  i understand the need for the megathread , however i think it goes too far . 
  what i 'd suggest instead is some kind of slider setting in between rampant shitposting of every single source and forcing discussion to stop . 
  what will happen if the mods stop is that an issue - like calais migrants - will have 15 threads all on the same subject . 
  i 'd prefer if the mods would instead go for a more relaxed attitude where major news outlets would be permitted , but the deluge of minor news and barely rewritten crap from all sorts of syndicated places - and blogspam , youtube crap etc - is gotten rid of . 
  clearly though we do n't need the telegraph , the guardian , the bbc and the daily mail version of the same story for everything . 
  so if there is a major european event , then i 'd like the mods to communicate with each other and show a bit of smarts in making sure that it can be reported , and discussed , but not to the detriment of everything else . 
  i think debt relief is clearly necessary but can not come until there 's certainty that reforms will be implemented . 
  the certainty ca n't be there while the greek people have repeatedly shown they will vote against it - the referendum for example . 
  so there needs to be some way to tie the hands of greece to guarantee it 'll happen . 
  that would mean * another * referendum with the question being - will you surrender sovereignty in order to obtain debt relief . 
  if i was greek i do n't know if i could vote for that . 
  from the tone of that , debt relief is n't what they want . 
  the last time they said something it was seized by people who wanted debt relief as a call for debt relief , and they conveniently ignored that the imf had said it was greece dragging their heels on reform that causes the issue . 
  this time it seems they 've been clearer and are laying the blame on greek administrations . 
  from that i would assume they ca n't proceed unless that problem is lifted . 
  i ca n't see how it can be lifted , it 'd mean removing sovereignty from greece which i do n't think their electorate want - remember the referendum result . 
  a couple of threads have appeared with this and been deleted . 
  my guess is the moderators are discussing something and i hope they 'll explain it to us afterwards ? 
  i think it would be helpful if everybody could try their hardest to adopt a conciliatory attitude , even if you do feel offended , in the hopes that progress can be made with the moderation here . 
  if it 's too confrontational and defensive it 'll get nowhere apart from bans , locks , and heavy moderation . 
  that said it would be very helpful if the moderators could comment . 
  interesting that the imf are now clear that it 's greece 's failure to implement reforms as the main reason . 
  will greece have to surrender a considerable amount of sovereignty , which is apparently against the will of their population , in order to get things moving ? 
  oh i 'm talking about the borg from star trek . 
  the idea of a uniform european superstate and , resistance is futile . 
  if you look at the uk itself then we see a problem with people heading to london . 
  london has a chip on their shoulder that they subsidise the rest of the uk , which is not true , and the rest of the uk has the top people drawn to london . 
  the key factor is that in the uk we have taxation across all of the uk and spending across all of the uk . 
  if greek people head to the uk then the uk benefits , and greece loses . 
  [ orkney cheddar ] ( http://www.orkneycheddar.co.uk/ ) is great if anyone is looking to try some cheddar . 
  people are downvoting you for criticising marine le pen ? 
  she 's a dangerous fascist . 
  i know there 's a lot of nationalism in europe in general these days but i 'd expect support for her would not come from internet savvy people . 
  they can take their cap subsidies , closed trade borders and other subsidies and shove them up their arses if they do n't like what they 've got . 
  and what 's it got to do with scottish fish ? 
  this , as far as i 'm aware was actual government policy for the labour party during their administration - to encourage immigration to the uk . 
  not the weaken nations/cultures thing . 
  however i do n't think orban is right - in fact i think he 's completely wrong . 
  i think the problem is nationalism at national level , not an attempt to create a borg state . 
  the eu and eurozone have expanded too far too fast and now nations are becoming more and more absorbed in protectionism , short termism , petty nationalism and populism . 
  monetary union without fiscal union , and adding countries with vastly different economies . 
  i do n't know the answer , i suspect it 's probably best to just weather it and make the best we can of it and eventually it 'll settle down . 
  it 's all dutch to me . 
  i 'd like to see a pan-european consumer organisation sort of like trading standards but with wide ranging powers , considerable resources and a mandate to be pro-active as well as reactive . 
  one anecdote should n't lead to policy . 
  i wonder what the percentages would be if the question was asked . 
  how acceptable is it for men to admit to an affair in a survey and how acceptable is it for women ? 
  so was i. 
  i 'd imagine it 's very difficult to determine who is an islamist and who is n't and who said what and who did n't . 
  the solution i think is what i keep saying in this subreddit , stop taking in tiny amounts of refugees and ignoring the hundreds of millions in africa and the levant and do something there to stop there being a need for them to be refugees . 
  fair comment  on a side note though , how is organised crime in italy ? 
  is it on the decline , or is it still holding up despite the efforts ? 
  ( i am just asking , i do n't have an axe to grind ), 
  major crackdown should have begun 5 years ago - but it 's better late than never . 
  because the french mentality is to strike . 
  they really do love a good strike . 
  the failure of the eurozone . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/im14andthisisdeep it 's facile wank . 
  just annex part of libya . 
   a few thousand is better than nothing . 
  are you intentionally misunderstanding me ? 
  i 'm not suggesting ` nothing ' as an alternative . 
  i 'm suggesting tens of millions . 
  a few thousand vs tens of millions is little different than nothing vs tens of millions . 
  we intervened in iraq and we stayed and did half a job . 
  we intervened in syria and libya and egypt and then fucked off . 
  we 're doing nothing for the refugees right now except encouraging more to endure horrific hardship . 
  notice it 's only young men that make the trip , what happens to the elderly , women and children ? 
  how can you be so shortsighted you only see the glimmer of self satisfying ` good ' in what 's evil ? 
  we are doing nothing to help the hundred million plus people and we are allowing a few thousands to have a great life . 
  i think the solution is to operate a better but not by much refugee camp in north africa , and deport refugees to that . 
  we have to work out how to do the most good with the money we 're willing to spend . 
  it does not make sense to spend a relatively massive amount of money on a tiny number of asylum seekers rather than spending the same amount of money and doing a lot more good for a lot more people .
