  i think if you 're `` a tory '' here you 're not considered by some to be a real person , so you do n't count . 
  it 's rather embarrassing . 
  more likely to be australia , they do share a border after all . 
  terrible analogy . 
  what a tragedy that would be ... if other countries tried to negotiate mutually beneficial terms . 
  the whole idea of cooperation is people working together for a common benefit . 
  if another country is unhappy with what they get from the eu then let them come forward and explain what they feel is the issue and see if a solution can be found . 
  what 's the harm in it ? 
  the uk is unhappy with membership of the eu as it stands . 
  the eu does want the uk to stay . 
  what 's wrong with discussing and negotiating something that both sides are happy with ? 
  there 's always room for movement . 
  and they chose a skull and corn cob as an image for this ? 
  emotive much ? 
   i was scottish i would vote like crazy for independence . 
  we 're only being allowed one vote . 
  snp supporters do n't tend to let irrelevances like facts get in the way of romantic revision . 
  every time i wipe my arse . 
  ... and where did i say it was n't true ? 
  it does n't mean anything , it 's slurry . 
  i 'm with you there ... 
  i like the cultural identity of those countries , the reformation took hold there for a reason ( not that i 'm religious ) . 
  czech republic , germany , netherlands , sweden , denmark , norway or sweden . 
  there 's things we do n't have in common , but that does n't mean they 're wrong and we 're right , and i 'd happily trade one set for the other . 
  what i would like instead though would be if we could take a long hard look at these countries and try to implement what makes them successes - we could be a much better country by doing that . 
  this thread seems to have brought out all the angry little boys , but goobyplx seems to be the worst !, 
  ah rubbish . 
  you 're saying i ca n't criticise unless i can do something better myself , that 's a fallacy . 
  why do people pretend banksy and crap like this is profound ? 
  it has the intellectual sophistication of a 15 year old 's political opinion . 
  that 's not what i meant ... 
  i 'm not suggesting you are trying to fix it . 
  i 'm agreeing with you that it might need fixed if they do n't stick to waving , if charles turns out to think it 's acceptable to meddle . 
  surely even he realises he 'll get a sharp shock if he puts his organic alternative medicine oar in ? 
  i will concede though that if he continues to quietly influence , or try to influence things he 'll cause constitutional problems . 
  i 'm off on holiday soon , i think i might put the house of cards trilogy on my reader as i think the third one specifically covers this . 
  in my opinion if it 's not broke do n't fix it . 
  but you may be very right ... when charles takes over he may break it . 
  i think 1215 is the point in history when it starts , anything after that is a continuation of it . 
  certainly as you say it was a gradual process of evolution - but 1215 was the start and we 've still not finished the constitutional evolution , and it may be a long time before we do . 
  and some people are born astoundingly beautiful and will be fawned upon all of their lives . 
  some people are born with incredible talent , which means they 'll never need to do a hard day 's work in their life . 
  we 're not all born equal and i do n't lose any sleep over it . 
  i think the first was in 1215 in england . 
  i 'd have thought you 'd have laid more credit with scottish philosophers , the declaration of arbroath or the magna carta . 
  the biggest step was getting rid of the powers of the monarchy , what 's been left in the uk for a very long time is not absolutism . 
  i 'm pleased that we 've retained our monarchy . 
  i would n't create one if we did n't have one - i do n't think you could create one anyway . 
  the british empire did well through evolution , rather than revolution . 
  now we 're post-empire we still benefit from the monarchy , without any detriment that i can see . 
  who says it 's their role ? 
  the law may well not say that , and until the dust settles we wo n't know what the law 's final word will be . 
  i suspect you think it is their role . 
  i do n't know what i think - it 's a terribly complex subject and i wo n't pretend i have the answer . 
  it 's a dangerous world where the 1 % control the governments who control the press . 
  it 's a dangerous world where any military or intelligence operative can blow the cover of anyone they choose , at will , without repercussion . 
  there is of course a sweet spot in the middle - but where ? 
  i 've got very conflicting opinions - i think it 's a very difficult subject . 
  i do support a free press ... but should we prohibit them publishing some things which are against the national interest ? 
  easy to make an argument to say that , but it feels wrong . 
  most frustrating are people who seem to think it 's very simple and they have the answers . 
  you might want it to be , but it is n't . 
  the rules are n't there . 
  the rules are n't followed . 
  nobody is expected to adhere to them . 
  nobody is admonished for not . 
  society does not care if this rule is followed . 
  ergo , the rule is a cosy fiction you 've created . 
  source : total human experience up to this point in time . 
  if it helps , i 'd like to wish it to be true as well , the world would be a better place . 
  ah come on , that 's rubbish . 
   the job of the journalist is to make that decision for the readers based on his or her own research . 
  it is not their job to regurgitate press releases , or to take statements at face value . 
  and how do journalists act ? 
  so badly that there 's barely an example of a decent one . 
  and how is the free press in the uk ? 
  vile and disgusting - hacking murder victims mobile phones . 
  producing salacious images of under age girls with headlines like `` all grown up . '', 
  pandering to the basest desires of the smut loving public . 
  yes , there 's places like private eye and there 's some things the major newspapers do that 's good , but do n't for one second pretend it 's a journalist 's job to decide what 's morally right to publish . 
  they just want a quick buck . 
  it 's not as simple as people are making out . 
  on one hand blindly trusting authority is stupid - authority intends to stay in authority and history is full of examples of it being abused . 
  on the other hand if you open pandora 's box then you ca n't close it . 
  what are we to do ? 
  i 'd always open the door , however i also always look through the spyhole and for a moment consider not opening the door ... and then open it anyway . 
  a maxim to bear in mind - if you 're not paying for it , you 're not the customer you 're the product . 
  http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette  vote . 
  if you think something contributes to conversation , upvote it . 
  if you think it does not contribute to the subreddit it is posted in or is off-topic in a particular community , downvote it . 
  essentially shadow_shooter 's comment added nothing to the discussion , and yours even less . 
  that is fairly interesting , but is n't there one which embodies positive bulgarian feelings , rather than negative ? 
  or failing that , perhaps you could name an archetypical bulgarian ? 
  but it 's one of my favourite videos . 
  :\\ ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-wd-q3f8km ), 
  a lot of old scots words will probably have links to your side of the water . 
  [ here 's a mildly interesting link . 
  ] ( http://www.panunet.net/scandiscots.html ), 
  for scotland it 's jock tamson , and a popular and worthy saying that goes around it . 
  ( in english : we are all the children of jock tamson ) essentially it means we 're all the same deep down , which is a very scottish feeling .
