  news . 
  i read a fair amount of it . 
  british media tends to have a clear and distinct bias to it , and a bit of a superiority complex going on but if you vary your sources you can get a reasonable understanding of it . 
  they 've done very little except talk about it . 
  they 've stood by and watched as people have stopped paying their taxes and money has left the country . 
  what they had to do was never going to be an easy job , but it is now crystal clear they had no intention of doing it . 
  so greece lies it 's way into the eu , borrows and spends money it can not afford until it 's spending and consuming far more than it 's neighbours . 
  point blank refuses to cut back . 
  blames everybody else for it . 
  sidles up to a fascistic state which will abuse it and use it for political means , and will ultimately leave it in ruins . 
  meanwhile the eu still continues to act like the old ussr did , constantly trying to extend it 's influence east and south , continuing to perpetuate the same kind of conditions . 
  and who suffers the most ? 
  the greek people , and they 're going to get hurt badly if the grexit happens - which is apparently now very likely . 
  the pricks in the new greek government will blame the eu , and the bankers , and the capitalism and fuck off to academia leaving greece as a failed state . 
  i can understand why greece is desperate enough to make a deal with ~ ~ the devil ~ ~ putin , but the right thing to do was to struggle as hard as was needed to avoid a default and grexit . 
  instead they 've simply wished it away . 
  that 's a good way of explaining what i was trying to say . 
  if you think about where things are in terms of land then of course it 's in africa . 
  however that may not be the best way to think of things . 
  historically you would have been better to think of the sea and where things were around it , and you 'd have then thought of morocco as in the mediterranean . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sahara#/media/file:sahara_satellite_hires.jpg if you look at the geography maybe that 'll explain it a little better ? 
  immigration policy within europe is ridiculously shortsighted . 
  economic migrants pour into the eu and the countries that receive them pass them on to other countries because it 's cheaper . 
  france is a fucking scumbag for what it does in calais . 
  the eu needs to work out a way to deal with problems properly , at the source and not just have individual countries play a game of i 'm alright jack . 
  * spend money in spain , italy , egypt , libya , morocco to deal with it . 
  * assign asylum seekers based on a sensible system - but do not let them choose where to go . 
  * reject asylum seekers who have not applied for asylum in the first country they could, 
  yes fascism is shadow banning cunts for abusing alts . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with how it makes me feel . 
  i see far too much butthurt nationalism here , particularly from the countries that are doing poorly . 
  i see authoritarian , intolerant crap from the central europeans . 
  it 's really only the scandinavians , czech , germans and dutch here that i tend to find have something constructive and interesting to say if anything when i read this subreddit i find i have much more in common with the other british people using it . 
  they do a roaring trade in money laundering too . 
  not at all . 
  language separates us , if we all can speak the same language then it would be a fantastic benefit . 
  the biggest supporters of this are the french , right up to the point where it stopped looking like it was going to be french as the most popular language . 
  assuming you 're bothered by it - why ? 
  perhaps you should not have started it then . 
  and in philosophy , science , literature , culture , engineering ... 
  i do n't know about being the most important province in the roman empire , but certainly the uk is the most important country in the world . 
  it 'd have gone better if you had not been sectarian about it . 
  why not just say clear it of the fleg people ? 
  we have a lot in common , it 'd be great to be back together again . 
  it 's difficult to tell because i do n't live in france but is the current government there as shortsighted , blunt and blundering as they appear in foreign news ? 
  they ** must ** apply for it in the first country they arrive at . 
  they choose not to , and italy shoves them on to france who shoves them on to the uk . 
  france could and should deal with them but choose not to because it 's easier to pass them on to the uk . 
  could you , i do n't know , sort it out france ? 
  plague can not into poland . 
  less talk greek government , more action . 
  you might as well say killing potatoes when you eat a bag of chips . 
  trees are grown to be turned into paper . 
  if they were n't going to be turned into paper they would n't be planted . 
  it 's a myth that we go around chopping up existing forests for paper . 
  this was valid for the uk from march 2013 to september 2014 . 
  the current figure is 1 for the past year . 
  i wonder when people will start with the `` oh well i just do n't know chemicals and all better to be safe '' like they do with gm hysteria . 
  well he does n't need to . 
  germany is about to pay them all the money they 'd ever need in war reparations . 
  any day now . 
  we have far , far too many . 
  we need to sort out some kind of parliament for england and then we can get rid of scottish mps and we send our msps down to westminster periodically to deal with stuff . 
  here 's an english source . 
  wat ( i read it , the wat is just for effect ! ), 
  wine monopoly ? 
  what 's that then ? 
  a helpful one would be `` itt butthurt nationalism '', 
  we seem to agree that you 're an idiot , that 's common ground to start from . 
  having a single language would be incredibly useful . 
  i agree with the french . 
  * ^ * when ^ they ^ were ^ saying ^ the ^ same ^ because ^ they ^ thought ^ it ^ was ^ going ^ to ^ end ^ up ^ being ^ french . 
  possibly that 's because you 're an idiot and you do n't understand what dominant eye means . 
  france does what it can to get them to the uk . 
  someone on here once said ignore what green politicians say completely and just watch what they do . 
  i thought our politics were bad over here but it looks like the greeks are experts . 
  are irish people worried about the impact of tax loopholes being closed - tech giants who hq in ireland benefit ireland by spending money and income tax on employees but choose to locate to avoid tax . 
  i 'm all for closing the loopholes but i 've really no idea if it 'd have a big impact on ireland . 
  christianity is n't compatible either - slavery , creationism , stoning etc etc etc what 's actually incompatible is dogmatic following of ancient laws by moronic followers of nasty theocrats . 
  your average church of scotland member is of no threat to anyone and perfectly entitled to follow their religion , just like your average moderate muslim . 
  the problem is where they start abusing religion as a way to hate . 
  i consider anything less than fellatio downright rude . 
  i do n't mind if you discretely spit afterwards but for the sake of common decency be subtle about it . 
  the only difference i see between your two countries is ireland put their washing machines on at 80 and you put yours on at 30 . 
  you could gamble and put your money in denmark , if they break their peg it 'll shoot up . 
  this pic is unrelated i said  [ bothwell castle is a ruin . 
  it 's historically important though . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bothwell_castle ), 
  in scotland i 'm sure most of you are aware of edinburgh castle . 
  near where i live there 's also a castle and this pic is unrelated to it . 
  that 's what they claim i guess . 
  it should be a lot closer than that but there 's more of a romantic attraction to irish ancestry i expect . 
  they 've got a duke , which would be outranked by a prince except it 's the same bloke , but you 're probably right . 
  mann vs cornwall for 4th . 
  eat the breid ( bread ) - someone who is a little too eager but in a careless way . 
  heid the baw ( head the ball ) - an idiot , i think it comes from someone willing to be reckless . 
  we refer to someone as ` eat the breid ' or ` heid the baw ' as in `` oh look here comes eat the breid '' they may be falling out of use . 
   tfw wales is third best celtic nation ; _ ; poor cornwall :( edit : and maybe get independence for welsh patagonia ? 
  i wonder how many could claim scottish roots ... not that there 's a competition , but we want to win ... 
  mcds in the us is far worse quality than the uk .
