  our bank regulation goes an incredible distance beyond anything else in europe - have you seen the ring fencing ideas , did you know we want higher core capital ratios ? 
  the military adventures are something we should , and for the most part , are ashamed of . 
  exactly what catastrophic fiscal policies ? 
  we did n't join the euro , our economy is in decent shape ( as is yours i should say ) . 
  giving power to the eu and wanting greater influence is domination . 
  it is an emotive word , and perhaps the telegraph used it intentionally because of the sinister undertones , but you can not deny that merkel and sarkozy tried for franco-german dominance , but a few countries stepped back from it - for example look at what sarkozy was purported to have said to denmark . 
  westminister no longer represents scotland on a number of issues , because we have a devolved parliament . 
  as someone who supports decentralisation of powers , i think that is a good thing , and it the way it should be . 
  i do n't want to say that nationalists hate england . 
  i 'm pretty neutral on the issue of scottish independence . 
  what sets me against it is the anti-english sentiment ( please please do n't say it 's not there ... ) and the imprudence of the snp who i worry would quickly spend far too much , finally the chances are the snp would have us in the eu faster than a single parliament is enough to make me reluctant . 
  were those issues removed , then for me it 'd be a case of weighing up self determinism over the value of the union ... a difficult choice . 
  but you do wish to dominate europe , and while you do want a better relationship with us it 's on your terms . 
  a fiscally unified europe is not what we want and it 's what the franco-german power block is pushing . 
  dominate is a word that you do need to watch the context on . 
  dominate does not mean by force of arms in every case . 
  in the way the telegraph has used it , it means that your political policies will be the ones that are used rather than ours . 
  i think he 's got an easier job of it . 
  he can blame the bad stuff on the tories and take credit for the good stuff . 
  he is , however , very talented indeed and i do think he 's very able to stand up for us . 
  it 's a deeply saddening thing . 
  on the back of hatred of england we 're going to attempt to break the united kingdom and that is no basis for the founding of a country . 
  i 'm very , very sorry to english people , many of us up here do not hate you , or resent you or feel inferior to you . 
  you do n't make sense . 
  the unions set up a fight with the government and attempted to blackmail , threaten and intimidate ... and you think the government was supposed to change the unions for the better ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't know about the welsh guy , but salmond at least is just posturing , and will do anything he can to drive a wedge between the rest of the uk and scotland . 
  the unions were very nasty indeed . 
  they blackmailed the country , did n't care about their members and viewed their struggle as an ideological good vs evil battle . 
  they advocated fear , intimidation and violence against their opponents , people were murdered in the name of the unions . 
  there was a fight with the unions coming , it was on the cards . 
  i 'd say less than 30 % actually hate her . 
  it 's pretty safe to say you hate her . 
  seems to me along the lines of wearing a che guevara t-shirt . 
  she did n't turn our economy into a banking one , it 's been that way for centuries . 
  nobody is calling for a state funeral for blair though . 
  at least this petition tries to show a bit of wit . 
  much of the thatcher bile is just people looking for a figurehead to hate for a while . 
  i 've not heard arguments for her to have a state funeral , or not to have one that are n't based on her value as a pm . 
  putting her value as a pm aside , what determines who gets a state funeral and who does not ? 
  malc , what 's wrong with what the telegraph said ? 
  in every sense it 's entirely correct . 
  if you listen to the parliament last week then you would think that . 
  it was a czech that pointed out that nobody could speak for the other 26 countries , however it did look like everybody vs uk . 
  i too prefer the germans . 
  their attitudes have a lot more to admire than french - although that 's probably unfair and prejudiced . 
  1866 was the leadership war and i understood it that it was a full on war between prussian ( and others ) vs austria ( and others ) , and as it was a war to determine who led the german states you could possibly call it a civil war . 
  it did focus on bohemia because that 's where the prussian/austrian border was . 
  france was n't involved although they probably kicked themselves for not propping up austria . 
  we 're one of few countries , bar cromwell , to have naturally evolved government from an absolute monarch to a robustly democratic parliamentary system . 
  we 're certainly the biggest country in the world to have gone through those changes without revolution . 
  however it 's important not to ignore the scandinavian countries . 
  sweden is a fantastically liberal ( in the classic sense of the word ) country and are not well recognised for their stable transition , nor are denmark . 
  that surely has to affect our outlook and propensity to join unions and cede sovereignty . 
  it 's probably no coincidence that sweden and denmark are somewhat eurosceptic too . 
  there is no point at all looking at what the daily mail has for headlines . 
  a few select articles from it are of great quality - but there 's always the risk that they 're deceiving or misleading you , so the only time i ever like an article from the daily mail is where i 'm already certain of what it says ... which means they ca n't actually be a newspaper to me because nothing i 'd believe is ever news to me . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't think i 'd like to argue which kind of protectionism was worse ... 
  i do n't like it at all . 
  unless you have captive markets then protectionism is never the right policy . 
  we had captive markets ( indeed some would say it was the point ) when we had the empire and we operated under mercantilism . 
  since that 's long behind us i feel the best british policy would be as free market as possible . 
  that means being out of the eu so that we can operate less protectionism . 
  ah , i get you now . 
  well yes i do n't think france does either . 
  that 's why they seemed to do a complete u-turn in the past few days . 
  i do think we need to see past that as just populist spin though . 
  french politics is pretty petty and immature . 
  the germans have been much smarter about things . 
  it does show that they 'd love to shite on us if they could so we should bear that in mind . 
  however we should n't act against our own national interest just to show them who 's boss . 
  all in all though even if the french had been very nice to us indeed , we would n't be getting the wallet out . 
  there can be no benefit without a barrier . 
  if we benefit someone else gets a barrier . 
  if someone else does n't have a barrier then there is no benefit . 
  the only leap is then when i say that we can not benefit from a protectionist europe without suffering from it in reverse . 
  i think it 's just naive to think that we can have an advantage over the rest of the world within the eu without the rest of the world levelling the playing field . 
  the other disadvantage i did n't mention is this . 
  we have a protectionist agricultural policy in the eu where we all `` benefit '' by subsidising our farmers and being able to sell to each other . 
  however we end up paying more for our goods than we would if african countries could sell to us without the barriers . 
  i do n't get you there . . could you try putting it differently ? 
  they are . 
  i 'll try and explain . 
  for us to benefit from access to the rest of the eu for trade then it means people competing with us from outside the eu have a barrier that we do not have . 
  simply by that you can see that it is a protectionist thing . 
  it 's simply true that you ca n't have protectionism in only one direction . 
  if the eu protects itself against external competition then it will find it more difficult to compete externally . 
  indeed the right answer now is no . 
  however i do n't think we should respond in kind to the silly rhetoric that 's been spat out recently . 
  remember that our politicians , virtually across the board come out with populist rubbish to please their spin doctors - i believe that much of what france said was that . 
  i also do n't think we should rule it out in the future either . 
  i 'll restate the most important thing though : france and germany must fully commit every fiscal measure they can towards the stability of the euro before the imf , uk or anyone else puts another coin in . 
  this is true , and all the more sad because germany have been fiscally prudent and have run their economy well . 
  the only mistake germany seem to have made is to tie their fate to piigs , and they now have danger in every direction . 
  hmm . 
  we need to walk the line between not paying for the euro clusterfuck because we told you so ... and making sure that we do n't let the euro go under when we were in a position to save it . 
  i think we should only put in money if it comes down to the crunch . 
  right now we should keep our wallets closed until germany and france fully commit . 
  thanks for being an agent of focused direction there  those are the figures that seem to match my memory .
