  and now greece will face crippling austerity or a grexit . 
  right ? 
  it 's not pretty and there 's no winners but it 's true . 
  the population and economy have grown . 
  the economy has grown less fast than the population . 
  that means that gdp per capital has decreased . 
  [ additionally this is in us dollars not sterling - that in itself has a massive skewing effect . 
  ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y ) entirely the same article could be written about the change from july 2008 to 6 months later in january 2009 . 
  if the article had been written from january 2009 to now it would be entirely different . 
  this article is from the guardian who make an effort to write articles to reinforce the bias of their readership . 
  their readership want to read articles that say the government is terrible and things need to take a step to the left ( although do n't ask them to agree on what they should do ) . 
  there has been quite a lot of migration to the uk since 2007 , and as you might expect this tends to manifest in low paid jobs , which of course drives this metric downwards . 
  i am not saying that all is well in the uk , but i am saying this article is an intentionally deceptive construct designed to appeal to the bias of the readership so that they can say `` i told you so ! '', 
  tl ; dr - greek 's left wing conmen now say we ca n't pay our debts and if we go down we 're taking you with us europe . 
  if we go down then the eurozone will follow . 
  give us more money . 
  my understanding is that the greek government have united all of the eu against them . 
  the only thing left on the cards for the greek government is to accept loans for reforms - and that means the eu writing law for greece . 
  it 'll be completely unacceptable compared to the greek government 's mandate , but doing anything else would mean exiting the eu . 
  so will syrzia accept the loans for reforms and take on huge amounts more austerity . 
  will they have an election to make way for someone who will . 
  or will they refuse and see greece collapse , while they continue to shake their fist at the eu and blame everybody else for it . 
   or enact a cut to greece 's debt that will give them a real chance to reach solvency within a reasonable timeframe . 
  they chose to elect a government of conmen who claimed they could reverse austerity measures and still stay in the eurozone and obtain a haircut . 
  greece as a whole have benefited from massive eu subsidies after their lied their arses off to get in . 
  nobody has any sympathy left for them - they could have elected a government to tackle the problems , instead they 've elected a government that has from the word go tried to blackmail their way out . 
  pro-tip for / r/europe - do n't say anything bad about portugal , the posters from there appear to be some of the most butthurt nationalist around . 
  yeah , i saw the placards they had `` down with this sort of thing '' and `` careful now '', 
  that means it will be a very long time before it happens . 
  i 'd imagine majorities are easy to obtain in modern europe but a super majority like that is a big ask . 
  it 'll come eventually though . 
  you could say then that it 's an illegal marriage if it does n't fit that definition . 
  it 'd probably feel more accurate to say an unrecognised marriage . 
  or better yet ... remove the union of man and woman and replace it with union of two adults . 
  oh i meant the one that had n't . 
  as far as the meaning of the words in english if it 's banned it 's illegal . 
  while i 'm no fan of the horrendous stuff they 've done - who gets to be the judge of who gets all of their rights removed ? 
  come on europe , join the 21st century . 
  itt : europeans use this an excuse to go on a nationalist rant against america . 
  the few irish people i know are all voting yes and ca n't imagine it being a no vote , but they 're fairly cosmopolitan as things go . 
  craggy island , i fear , will vote no . 
   i 'll be fairly embarrassed for our country if it does n't pass . 
  that 's got to be a huge driver for most people in ireland . 
  if it does n't pass then it 's factual to say that most people in ireland are bigots . 
  the odds in the bookies say that it 'll be a yes . 
  i looked at the betting odds the other day and it looks like the humans are beating the knuckledraggers by a huge margin . 
  equal marriage should pass , 
  there 's two things that are important here . 
  first of all we seem to have gone to talking about the spanish state bailing out spanish banks as being equal to the eu bailing out greece . 
  that 's not the case . 
  secondly there 's confusion between liquidity and solvency . 
  the bank bailouts in the most case were to deal with liquidity , the bailout for greece was based on solvency . 
   both . 
  if you 're going to flat out lie there 's no point talking to you . 
  when you 're lending money you consider how creditworthy the borrower is . 
  greece is far from creditworthy , imposing conditions to try to make sure you get the money back is reasonable . 
  remind me though - is the spanish banks that are about to default , or is it greece ? 
  nothing you 've said is incorrect . 
  i just wanted to point out something glossed over , that we 're taking the money and giving them the blame . 
  from my perspective there 's little appetite to tackle long term issues . 
  especially in the way they are distributed , if they were going to smaller towns rather than cities it would be less of an issue . 
  ukpolitics seems better though , there 's less rampant kippery going on - or at least it seems that way . 
  the problem in the uk is that we take all the tax receipts from immigrants , we do n't spend them on solving the housing crisis or expanding services to cope with more people - then we turn around and blame the immigrants . 
  non-eu migrants , people claiming to be seeking asylum are an entirely different thing and unrelated to this . 
  so , erm what does that mean ? 
  people seize opportunity to be nationalist about something and get their hate on at the usa and the uk , but when it turns out that it was hypocrisy they 're not very interested ? 
  sounds like people the world over . 
  in the uk we 're always being presented with opportunities to show our righteous anger at something but we 're not too interested if it 's us doing it . 
  that 's honestly a complete disgrace . 
  the nazi empire does not exist so it can not compensate people . 
  the modern german state is not the continuation of it and making a compensation payment is taking the blame for something they did not do . 
  why would n't you want to be part of nato ? 
  when you look at what happened in the ukraine do n't you feel there 's pretty much a nato line that the russians ca n't / wo n't cross and that you should be part of it ? 
  or is it more that sweden is pretty sure that they do n't need to be in nato to benefit from mutual protection from other european states ? 
  or do you have something against nato ? 
  nato membership is taken for granted in the uk and not even the snp want to leave nato . 
  pathetic petty nationalism . 
  all i can do is say that i 'm not . 
  in all honesty the nitpicking i 'm seeing and the desire to be very precise and put x nation above y nation seems like petty nationalism . 
  it 's of no tangible difference to me if romania is ex-soviet republic or just an ex-soviet client state . 
  it seems very academic and petty . 
  as far as what 's in uk media and perception , romania was firmly in the soviet sphere , it was implemented after a russian invasion , it was controlled by russia and only as russia started to wane did it exercise a small degree of independence . 
  edit : if it helps you understand perspective ... 
  i do n't speak your language , i went to school where anything beyond the iron curtain was russia . 
  there 's was no realistic advantage in my modern studies lessons in distinguishing ( from a british perspective ) nuances between different warsaw pact countries . 
  when you 're all the way over in the british isles the differences between romania and other parts of the soviet empire are not significant . 
  i do n't want to detract from your own history , i 'm sure it 's as important to you as it mine is to me but i do n't feel that i 've been inaccurate by saying that romania is an ex-soviet state . 
  i appreciate you do n't like that i 've not said that romania is not the same as moldova , and i appreciate there 's a massive infrastructural difference between the two countries and moldova is in dire straights ... 
  yes , i understand . 
  they 're post-soviet though but not an ex-soviet republic . 
  edit : from wiki -  the country was a soviet-aligned eastern bloc state with a dominant role for the romanian communist party enshrined in its constitutions . 
   during the soviet occupation of romania , the communist-dominated government called for new elections in 1946 , which were fraudulently won , with a fabricated 70 % majority of the vote . 
  [ 95 ] thus they rapidly established themselves as the dominant political force , [ 96 ] and in 1947 , forced king michael i to abdicate and leave the country , and proclaimed romania a people 's republic . 
  [ 97 ] [ 98 ] romania remained under the direct military occupation and economic control of the ussr until the late 1950s . 
  during this period , romania 's vast natural resources were continuously drained by mixed soviet-romanian companies ( sovroms ) set up for unilateral exploitative purposes . 
  yes - although over here my understanding is that gypsy should n't be the word used as it 's now either `` irish traveller '' or `` roma '', 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that romania was in the soviet sphere . 
  i 'm pretty sure that irish ones are n't . 
  it 's a bit blowy here . 
  actually i thought it was a good way of getting your message across - i like polandball for that .
