  that 's what you 're saying . 
  we , erm , do n't say that . 
  we say - europe day ? 
  i 've never heard of that before . 
  edit : for a bit of context we have ve day . 
  `` victory in europe '' day on the 8th of may . 
  it 's the date that the british empire and allies accepted the unconditional surrender of nazi germany . 
  the snp have ruled out a coalition with the tories . 
  the labour have ruled one out with the snp . 
  so they can not feature in government - there wo n't be any snp ministers . 
  any libdem , labour or tory scottish mp ( tory scottish mp ... haha ) has a fair chance of being in a coalition , and being part of the government . 
  you 're quite right that snp mps will have some influence towards a minority labour government but it will be a very small one and scottish voters will be disappointed that their mp will only have a very minor say in things . 
  no it 's the fault of the electorate for voting for mps who we already know can not feature in government . 
  if we elect an snp mp then all they 'll do is be a vote for labour without being a voice for the constituency . 
   also hoping that when the evil scotnats who want to eat your morris dancers gain 50 odd seats with 3 % of the vote and liberals + ukip+g reens gain less seats with 25 % that there will be a massive outrage leading to vote reform . 
  that 'd be nice . 
  i 'm nearly certain it will be a libdem coalition . 
  either the tories or the labour . 
  if it 's the labour then the snp are needed to vote along side the coalition although that can be taken completely for granted . 
  sadly scotland seems set to elect mps which have 0 % chance of forming a government , which is a new thing for scotland . 
  up until about 50 years ago we returned tories , more recently we returned labour and libdems . 
  we 're now going to return snp and there 's going to be a lot of disappointment with how little the snp are going to be able to do at westminster . 
  i 've had arabian customers , but never romanian as far as i know . 
  i 'm not aware of ever entering a conversation where i knew the other person was romanian . 
  it 's all about practicalities , how many turkish people want to be economic migrants to the eu vs people from the emirites ? 
  why do you consider romanians more important than emiratis ? 
  and do n't you feel that practicalities have some bearing over idealism ? 
  edit : could you answer me rather than just downvote ? 
  i live in scotland and romania is just as distant to me as arabia . 
  i feel no real connection to either , so it 's all about practicalities for me . 
  why do you feel my opinion is so abhorrent ? 
  lack of nutrient dense food , lack of exercise and carbohydrates are the cause . 
  are n't we past 70s debunked research yet ? 
  or is the fructose lobby still propping it up ? 
  it 's not . 
  do n't you understand the harm that causes ? 
  it essentially places a barrier to employment that you can only get past by having wealthy parents who can afford to support you . 
  there 's clear and convincing arguments for a more amalgamated approach to arms . 
  however until we agree on the road we 're going people will refuse integration like this - and wisely so . 
  at least in the uk we need to settle the eu question , and put it to bed . 
  then if we are going to do things like decide on 1 tank for the eu then we need to enter into a fair and smart process to do it ... and we need to have the trust ahead of time that it 'll be fair and not biased . 
  i can not understand how we could come to that conclusion . 
  if it was british tanks that were picked then everybody else would have a hissy fit . 
  if it was french tanks then everybody but france would have a hissy fit . 
  i do n't know how we can progress to the level of trust where a decision could be accepted if it did n't suit national interest and where nationalist politicians did n't spin it as a betrayal . 
  bollocks . 
  if you 're going to sell hitler masks then do n't complain when people wear hitler masks . 
  yes the stags from cork are bellends of course . 
   it 's not me it 's them . 
  basically . 
  all the time he 's been playing games greece 's position has worsened . 
  i do n't care about peaceful protestors . 
  i 'm not interested . 
  that 's why people report the violent ones . 
  no more slovakia/slovenia postal mistakes . 
  worth it just for that maybe ? 
  the same thing will happen . 
  the ukip/snp will both say that the figures are made up and that magic oil money/magic no immigrants money will more than make up for it . 
  for the snp they say `` this proves the establishment has a bias against us , here 's more propaganda '' and oh look , so will the ukip . 
  almost everybody i spoke to was voting no , it really depends on the circles you 're in . 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  have you seen the death that 's caused by them trying to get to europe ? 
  thousands dead because of it . 
  your post is the worst i 've read today . 
  he 's such a blustering bellend . 
  he might be gone by the time greece goes to the wall though if his dodgy tax dealings keep coming out . 
  how many lifelines do you throw , and then agree a solution which they do n't stick to before you stop throwing lifelines ? 
  they voted for a party that refused to collect the debt and also claimed they could avoid default . 
  guess which bunch of amateur left wing pricks scammed the desperate greek people ? 
  the bookies are seldom wrong on these things - their bias is making money and only making money . 
  every other news source , ngo , government or political party has their own spin to apply . 
  yes , of course . 
  it 's the same everywhere , people are anxious to find some bandwagon to jump on so that they can scream righteous hatred . 
  there 's some british media that are experts at ringleading it . 
  what about if you add polish and austrian redditors together because the flags are similar ? 
  i tend not to notice the difference between irish and italians for the same reason . 
  i wonder if the stuff being said about it sounds so much like a weird conspiracy theory that people put it in the same area of their awareness as chemtrials and ignore it ? 
  anything i see on reddit about it is hysterical . 
  that did n't happen here though . 
  it 's worth pointing out that poland did not any point surrender to the nazis . 
  nor did it officially work with the nazis . 
  collaboration by poles was probably the lowest in all of the occupied countries and that 's something that 's widely accepted by historians . 
  ... however it 's just an unfortunate wording . 
  there 's no need to get sand in your butthurt nationalist vaginas . 
  calm down . 
   it has gone from strength to strength are you one of these people that russia employs to polish turds ? 
  will it mean more , or less butthurt nationalists blindly defending their countries against any criticism ? 
  a pipeline in greece would not be trading with russia , it would be going into business with them . 
  the rest of the eu sells to russia . 
  russia stops paying ? 
  eu stops selling . 
  so what ? 
  you 've quoted me a picture from russian propaganda outlet , and even if it 's true i do n't see any relevance here . 
  at all . 
  the problem is that it 's russian . 
  russia is an aggressive , corrupt state which is increasingly turning fascist and hostile . 
  it 's already annexing parts of the ukraine and it 's long held ambitions to be the tsar of all slavs . 
  investment into infrastructure in greece is wonderful . 
  greece desperately needs it . 
  however if you knew your neighbour was deep in debt and you saw a loan shark handing them some money you would n't think `` oh good they have some money '' you would think `` that 's going to make things worse '' .
