  the euro sank and italian bond auction missed the target ... how is that not news ? 
  you 're managing it just fine - many of us here are jealous of how well norway has been run . 
  we would not be physically moving the british isles westwards . 
  we 'd still be here and we 'd still be in a great position to trade with europe . 
  the wto would protect our export jobs to europe , and europe would still want to sell product to us - in fact europe sells more product to us than we sell to europe . 
  london has been the financial capital of the world for so long as there has been a financial capital of the world . 
  the world has become less and less eurocentric due to the rise of north and south america and asia . 
  london was the financial capital of the world before the eu and it will , if anything , be stronger away from eu attacks than it would be with merkozy implementing draconian taxes on it . 
  also do n't feel that the uk would ever want to jump into bed with some kind of eu replacement if we were to leave the eu . 
  we may try to foster closer ties with the anglosphere/commonwealth , but we 're not going to be looking to them for food regulations , common agricultural policy or freedom of movement between states . 
   the reason why the eu works is because there is a strong central body that can keep member states in line and rules to be followed . 
  that 's the reason why the eu does n't work . 
  maybe we have a different sense of liberty but anyone trying to `` keep us in line '' will get their hand bitten off . 
  even if we do leave the eu we 'll still physically be in europe and i hope and expect we 'll always care about our european friends . 
  please do n't mistake euroscepticism for xenophobia . 
  if you do n't like the news , try and hide it . 
  i do n't think we 're chasing political union with them ... we 're different to america but many of our core values are the same . 
  we are neither european nor american . 
  with this tunnel then you 'd no longer have to fly or go by sea to get from germany to denmark . 
  grim . . but hungary is in a very bad position . 
  it will be interesting to see if this works . 
  i upvote stuff that is interesting . 
  that often means things that are correct and i agree with , but also things that i think are very wrong so that they get attention . 
  that said i did n't upvote this , because it was shit . 
  err , yeah . 
  he was particularly fond of right wing jewish propaganda ... 
  as an atheist and someone who looks very positively on secular societies and very poorly on theocracies i 'm more concerned with islam than with for example , church of scotland ( although the world would be better without either ) . 
  however i rarely say anything against islam because it puts me squarely in the camp of the reactionary fucksticks that come out with shite like that video . 
  i 'm now paying more for my eggs . 
  i consider myself suitably scolded . 
  are there any other preferences i do n't know about ? 
  i 'm backed up with episodes of in our time at the moment . . 
  i 've got tons of audio stuff to listen to at the moment - but thanks for the offer !, 
  to say it 's entirely down to the church of rome is of course wrong , but they do contribute . 
  as bad as it is , i laughed at the condom on the broom handle thing ... 
  i 'm a bad person !, 
  yeah , i know he 's right about that . 
  however he 's sitting on a golden throne , dressed in gold in a massive palace . 
  edit : you 've linked the thumbnail btw , rather than the actual picture , it 's really difficult to read but i 'd seen the pic elsewhere . 
  indeed - but most of those , as lekostar has correctly pointed out were byzantine . 
  when i was at school europe only went as far east as germany , i guess due to the iron curtain ? 
  because of that i still incorrectly consider europe to be just western europe . 
  you 're completely correct , however i was meaning western europe - i tend to be a little bit small minded in that regard - rather than all of europe . 
  the condoms thing is really down to opinion , i do n't know how it could be quantified . 
  however i think we 're in agreement that it 's inexcusable . 
  i was probably far , far too simplistic about the dark ages . 
  nothing that you have said is wrong , however just because christian monks did a fair bit of good intellectually and indeed the church was responsible for a great deal of the research that went on , neither of us can prove what would have happened without the church of rome . 
  my opinion is that we 'd be more advanced than we are now . 
  do n't write down egypt so poorly , without them greece would not have risen in the way it did . 
  i agree that much of their intellectual work had o effect on greece , but masonry , agriculture , animal husbandry etc certainly did . 
  really ? 
  says who ? 
  you start off by saying i can not do this . 
  then you say i should n't . 
  why do n't you just admit you were wrong ? 
  edit : or alternatively just downvote me anywhere and everywhere you can find me ... 
  this is / r/europe where you 'll find it 's for anything interesting . 
  this is n't just a news subreddit . 
  why not ? 
  no , i would say what are you doing listening to him . 
  i 'm meaning in africa , where they have gone out of their way to help aids spread by condemning contraceptive use . 
  i did n't mention lack of learning , you did . 
  the dark ages was the period from when christianity became the religion of europe , and followed the roman , greek and egyptian empires where a great number of advances were made . 
  during the dark ages europe stagnated while non-christian places progressed . 
  sigh . 
  my point is let 's not take advice from massive hypocrites . 
   i could ask back : so you think all non-christians should go around killing all the time because the judaeo-christian god sais not to ? 
  you could say it if you liked , but it 's not the same thing at all . 
  we have nothing to learn from the pope , but that does n't mean do the opposite of what he says . 
  if josef fritzl told us to love our families would you say that 's not a bad message ? 
  he 's an old man who claims to be the representative of a mystical invisible being who can see all , yet does nothing . 
  he 's in charge of a massive organisation which has the primary focus of self preservation and expansion - the same objectives it has had for over a thousand years . 
  by violence , threat , war , intimidation , lies , whatever . 
  they 've caused the spread of aids to become epidemic , they continue to keep down women and discriminate against people and they were responsible for the 1,000 year dark ages in europe and the feudal system . 
  by his own personal instruction they have acted against the law of the lands to protect church paedophiles from justice . 
  and his message is see through the superficial glitter . 
  i can see through the superficial glitter ... 
  i see a criminal organisation , rich on the blood sweat and tears of the poor people of europe which will say and do anything to preserve itself . 
  it 's very amusing that he 's chosen those words . 
  will germany/france be strong enough still to prevent the indebted piigs getting access ? 
  will the eu be integrated enough at that point for them to be able to control imports ? 
  i do n't think so , but that 's the way it will eventually go . 
  i 'm surprised he said something so monumentally ( and hilariously ) ironic - not by their hypocrisy . 
  while dressed in gold , sitting on his golden throne in his golden palace . 
  they 're going to do it anyway . 
  this is just posturing . 
  what 's the point of that comment , other than being a prick ? 
  you seem to be thinking there 's something wrong with dominance . 
  if we could dominate the eu then we 'd be in there making sure we had our way , we ca n't . 
  you can though . 
  your opinion of financial services in the uk is incorrect . 
  we 're the world leaders in financial services and have been throughout history . 
  the chancellor of the exchequer this week announced [ plans ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-16239255 ) for ring fencing which will ensure our banks are the safest in europe . 
  the unconnected casino comment is just media/political spin it is not the truth . 
  while i 'm not happy we have the debt we can live with it , because of our unique position , the french may think that because we have that debt we 're unsound but they are wrong . 
  all countries want greater influence . 
  the uk believes if we throw our lot in with france and germany then france and germany would be able to drown us out - quite probably germany feels the same about the uk and france , and france feels the same about germany and the uk ... thatcher , major , blair and brown were right about europe , germany was not . 
  those british ideals ( please do n't confuse english with british ) are not really our ideals . 
  free market - yes . 
  free trade is a marvellous thing and leads to peace .
