  death camps in poland is correct too . 
  stonehenge is english , for example , but there 's a belief it was built by people from what is now wales . 
  even if it turns out to be true it 'll still be english . 
  `` japanese bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki '' the word japanese there applies to the bombing , which is incorrect since it was n't a japanese bombing . 
  you could say the japan bombing though but if you put of nagasaki on the end it 'd be wrong again . 
  you could n't say american attack on wtc because again the word american applies to the attack . 
  you could say attack on the american wtc though but not quite the same meaning . 
  i 'm not aware of any stereotypes here of polish collaborators , in fact it 's well understood that the polish suffered the worst out of all of the nations the nazis attacked . 
   do `` american attack on wtc '' , `` japanese bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki '' sound fine to you ? 
  because to me , they do n't . 
  they are n't correct . 
  you could say `` japanese atomic bomb '' and be correct though and again it 's geographically correct . 
   polish government needs to find some other efficient way to stop the ongoing falsification of history . 
  they do n't need to , they can just stop being offended by it . 
  it 's nationalism and vanity . 
   plenty of families here in poland lost members in ww ii , whether it be by german , russian or ukrainian hands . 
  any suggestion of nationwide complicity in killing its own nation , 3 million polish jews and 2 million non-jews grieves us deeply . 
  an entire male generation of my family died liberating europe . 
  i visited auschwitz when i went to krakow . 
  i understand what went on . 
  [ there was polish collaboration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_cross_mountains_brigade ) but never at a national level and not much in comparison to other countries as i understand . 
  and the death camps located in poland were polish death camps by simple geography . 
  i do n't give a fuck about polish nationalism or polish vanity and this law is absolutely pathetic . 
  we 're frying everything in it . 
  i do n't think so . 
  if you think about it then 55 % being women and children , we do n't know what percentage are children . 
  if it 's more than 10 % children then that means there 's still more men coming that women . 
  we also know that a majority of children are adult men . 
  they did an incredible theatre that everybody knew was a bluff . 
  they literally got a special mandate from the greek people to refuse something they knew that they would n't refuse and ended up accepting . 
  i 'm not saying i like the deal or that it was fair , but what i am saying is that they took an immense , ill advised gamble that was completely transparent and lost . 
  it 's no different that telling your wife that you 'll leave her unless she has a threesome , and when she says she 'll get a divorce you beg her not to kick you out . 
  that is what happened . 
  because they believed - and it 's clear with hindsight - that he was bluffing . 
  if you ran a small business and you were up to your eyes in debt and someone said they had a solution , just to trust them . 
  off they went to the casino with the last of your money and put it on red . 
  they knew that if they won they could come back and be a hero and you 'd be grateful . 
  but they also know if it did n't win they could shrug and walk away . 
  he failed . 
  that 's why he was kicked out . 
  and now he 's making a comfortable living in the conspirtard conference circuit , meanwhile the people in greece suffer more because of his failed gamble . 
  he was caught out bluffing . 
  he said no , he bluffed , he got a mandate from the population to say no , he bluffed . 
  then he said yes , meanwhile the greek economy had tanked considerably as a result of his gamble . 
  oh and he walked away afterwards without a care in the world , while the greek people suffered . 
  this monumentally complex organisation that has grown organically over time is n't perfect so we should throw it away and start again , but expect different results . 
  i 'm not talking about those ones . 
  i 'm talking about the ones at rallies , attacking free speech , the police , inciting violence at calais etc. 
  thieving tax from everybody else . 
  a movement is what people do , not what they make spurious claims about . 
  the reality is that anarchists have been shown time and time again to be violent . 
  i think the attention is because it sounds horrendously draconian at first glance . 
  i think it 's reasonable though , now that i 've given it a bit of thought . 
  you 're so desperate you 've come to another country for help but you want to keep hold of your savings ? 
  no , it would n't . 
  we 've had our welfare system here since the end of ww2 and throwing it away because the eu does n't like us putting exemptions in is not reasonable . 
  fuck you and your tax piracy is all i can say . 
  is n't that a fairly close map of what pre-unification italy was ? 
  i think the best thing about the faroes is the pyramids , or maybe the sphinx . 
  i think you 're being racist . 
  all men are to blame . 
  easier to list you as `` la france '', 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think the author is trying to look like they 're doing that , while just following the standard line and saying men are rapists and everybody else is racists . 
  it 's just a lie , it 's not much different to saying `` i 'm not being racist but '', 
  there seems to be nobody saying ` instead of accepting migrants why do n't we spend a staggering amount of money dealing with the problem at source ' it 's the same voices saying no more migrants that are saying redirect overseas aid to uk flooding victims . 
  i am of course sympathetic to flood victims but the first port of call for every reactionary in the uk is to stop overseas aid as if that tiny amount of money can be spent 50 times on different things . 
  we need to find a policy that does the most good with the least harm . 
  we also need to accept , i think beyond any question , that our hands need to go very very deeply into our pockets . 
  this is another `` the left got it wrong but wait hang on everybody is a racist and everything is fine '' what 's lacking in the article is any attempt whatsoever to address how to move forwards . 
  do we stop taking immigrants ? 
  do we try to reduce the disproportionately high number of young men ? 
  are those goals moral ? 
  are they realistically achievable ? 
  what will be the impact if we try it ? 
  do we have it wrong on refugees and migrants ? 
  does allowing refugees at all mean we 're going to get massive amounts of freeloaders ? 
  do we have an unavoidable basic duty of care to these people , and we have to live with the consequences ? 
  are we doing enough in syria ? 
  there 's lots and lots of questions and this article answers none . 
  it 's rather concerning how transparent the tories are with threatening the rest of the eu with brexit . 
  children can not consent though , the law quite rightly recognises that . 
  the clue was in his name :p, 
  my understanding is that it depends on what islam you follow and which dictates you follow from which prophets etc. 
  much like christians pretty much ignore the stuff in the bible about slaves , beating your wife , stoning etc etc. 
  [ i think it 's this shit that 's the bad stuff ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wahhabism ) , more than moderate muslims ( although surveys seem to indicate their beliefs are hardly liberal or modern ) . 
  i do n't . 
  if you look at , for example , christianity as it was in medieval times it was a product of the backwards times , rather than a cause of it . 
  they 're also tools which people use too . 
  so are all of the main organised religions if they 're followed that way . 
  i really do n't think muslim has anything to do with it . 
  what matters is they 're third world immigrants in a completely foreign environment . 
  they 've grown up with completely different morals and standards compared to western europe and have no idea how to act and what 's acceptable here . 
  they 're also removed from what would be the normalising effects of friends and family . 
  so the focus should n't be on them being men , or being muslims , it should be on them being drastically incompatible with western lives . 
  35k is too high and is politically motivated . 
  a more sensible figure would be 25k since that would mean that almost everybody would be a net contributor , since once they tip over 27k on average they will be . 
  people on 25k who settle in the uk will very quickly reach the 27k point . 
   we made the choice not to vaccinate our children , because ** we 're credulous fucking imbeciles ** . 
  fixed that for you .
