  that may change things . 
  i think on balance , yes . 
  however the hat being worn is a jewish one and not a bowler hat so i 'm inclined to give people a bit of latitude and if they think they thought it was meant to portray a jew then yes , i think they 're wrong but can we avoid going over the top on it ? 
  i 'll give people the benefit of the doubt and if they recognised that as a jewish hat then i think it 's understandable . 
  for what it 's worth i did n't recognise it as a jewish hat , or a bowler hat but because i did n't recognise it as a jewish hat i just assumed the programme makers props department just went with a close match to a bowler hat . 
   it is true about what you say , but then ~ ~ england ~ ~ britain is a leader country and as such gets a tougher time . 
  it might seem like nitpicking but it 's better if you get it right . 
   germany also gets quite a lot of shit the rubbish about fourth reich is lazy crap and i 'm probably as fed up as the germans with it getting rolled out any time some newspaper or shit politician wants to criticise germany . 
  did you bother to read my other comment , or are you only interested in having an argument ? 
  i think using national stereotypes like that is lazy racism . 
  i 'm not saying it 's outrageous , i 'm not saying it 's intolerable . 
  it 's racism though . 
  [ over here it 's a bowler hat that bankers are supposed to wear ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/about/general/2010/10/6/1286387775375/black-bowler-hat-006.jpg ) - i 'm a banker and i do n't wear one . 
  there 's a bit of discussion on it below in this same comment tree . 
  in short i do n't really know what they were trying for and i did n't think anything about jewish until it was pointed out . 
  i thought it was just a bad outfit and he was supposed to be in a bowler hat drinking tea . 
  the french guy is the lazy racist stereotype i 'd expect . 
  maybe the only hat they had around was a jewish one ? 
  or maybe you 're right and it was subtle so they could deny it afterwards and it went right over my head . 
  until you linked this picture i could n't have described the hat to you . 
  that 's a bit better . 
  i think it loses a little because i do n't understand german well enough to comprehend it without the subtitles . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't . 
  america is an incredibly diverse place , yes the loud brash fox news crap does get noticed here . 
  what we do n't seem to notice is the good stuff from america . 
  and why is that ? 
  because most of the time this subreddit is a circle jerk of petty nationalism . 
  the jewish thing i wonder if it 's a projection . 
  i did n't think anything about it when i saw it , i think it probably says more about the people who think they saw it as jewish rather than the show itself . 
  lazy racism is a thing . 
  it 's the kind of racial stereotypes we used to use in the uk ( and sadly some still use ) . 
  the irish are stupid , the french smell , the italians are lazy and incestuous , etc etc. 
  it just means low effort laughs from stereotypes . 
  it 's frowned on in the uk now . 
  if the success rate was 0 % people would stop trying . 
  these people are being trafficked by abusive criminals . 
  we need to be dealing with the problem , taking them back to africa and actually doing something to deal with the reason why they 're willing to risk death to get away from their war torn countries . 
  hi germans ... this is not intended to be a leading question ... and i do n't have an axe to grind . 
  i 've watched most of this and i really did n't enjoy it . 
  it reminded me of british humour from the 80s and 90s . 
  back there was a lot of petty nationalism and racism involved . 
  our comics had been pretty much forced to stop taking the piss out of irish and black people and they turned around to french and germans . 
  i thought that clip relied far too much on petty stereotypes about british people and i found it to be in fairly bad taste . 
  i would n't say i was offended by it , it 's fairly mild but i was disapppointed . 
  i 'm interested to hear what german people think about it . 
  is this the cutting edge of your satire ? 
  or is it more just easy targets and lazy racism ? 
  [ this is in french but there 's english subtitles . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkf_a2uzzgs ) it 's from daniel hannan the tory mep . 
  every financial institution you deal with is obliged to report you to the us thanks to fatca . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but do n't you have to complete a us tax return every year ? 
  and are n't there difficulties if you move around and do n't spend complete years in countries ? 
  so yeah , they do discourage it . 
  trying to find the cloud in any silver lining ? 
  why would you hold money in a greek bank ? 
  surely the sensible thing to do is get it into a different country , or hold it in cash . 
  there 's a risk it 'll turn into drachma and devalue , or that it 'll be grabbed by the government or controls in place to prevent withdrawal . 
  sometimes i find statistics fascinating , but this is just boaring . 
  boars . 
  their tax laws do heavily discourage it . 
  you 're going to dump this account and create a new one when your karma is too negative to continue . 
  i 'm sure you 've done it before . 
  your denials are starting to sound like blatter . 
  ca n't have been him , he was only in charge of the whole organisation . 
  1 link karma | -23 comment karma | redditor for 18 days and you talk with authority on how voting patterns work in this subreddit . 
  op is a shitposting alt - have a look at his posting history . 
  i agree . 
  it 's facile . 
  til consuming too much caffeine causes symptoms of consuming too much caffeine . 
  seriously though , people seem to be absolute morons when it comes to this so perhaps this level of spoon feeding is needed . 
  you say bland , boring and predictable as if those are bad things . 
  she 's hard working , determined and strong . 
  i 'd take her over cameron any day . 
  around 40 years of broken greek promises has led to this apparent brink . 
  he 's actually not saying what it looks like he 's saying . 
  what he 's saying is `` we wo n't do austerity but it 's your fault '', 
  voting to deny reality does n't change reality . 
   right you 're just here to make up the numbers . 
  here 's a colouring in book and crayons for the board meeting , please do n't say anything . 
   the reality is that the greek voters will not tolerate more austerity and their political leaders can not agree to it without being forced from office . 
  they will . 
  if it 's that or default then they will take more austerity . 
  they voted for the syriza clowns because they lied and said they could avoid austerity and avoid default . 
  as i said in reply to the other post of yours , things are firewalled and greece can default without contagion . 
  if they let greece away with it then spain and italy will elect their own syriza governments . 
  the market still does n't believe that greece will default . 
  so of my three options i guess either 2 or 3 is more likely . 
  however there 's a firewall gone up over the past few years and if they did default it would not spread . 
  right now it is a stand off . 
  syriza yet again are threatening saying if they do n't get money they 'll take everybody down with them . 
  the eu could simply create the money from thin air to bail them out - it would effectively dilute the value of the euro - but germany is dead against this . 
  i think it 's got to the point where a greek government - regardless of which it is - needs to let the eu have a carte blanche to impose strict austerity or they need to default . 
  romanian beggars too . 
  what the truth of the matter is that if we allow third world cultures into the uk without properly integrating their culture and our culture then we will have problems . 
  and lied to get in , right ? 
  and since then has been heavily subsidised while it lives outside it 's means ? 
  right ? 
  then voted in a government of muppets who lied and said they could end austerity and still meet greece 's commitments and stay in the euro . 
  right ?
