  indeed . 
  the declaration of arbroath is what they ripped off for their declaration of independence . 
  yeah - pretty much it 's bohemia/moravia . 
  one of them is ... 
  in fact the only ireland left is in the uk , the other one changed their name to eire or something . 
  and yes , i am indeed winding you up :p i often get this in america `` you 're irish ? '', 
  `` nah , close , but not quite . 
  i 'm scottish '' `` wow !, 
  so am i. 
  one day i hope to go and see where my ancestors came from . 
  cork i think . '', 
  you 've certainly not offended , you have however created a wonderfully interesting thread . 
  the spanish comment about mexican food is my favourite so far . 
  the modern kilts in themselves are n't too bad , but when you combine it with pipers and the highland games you create a perception about a scotland that 's very different , and i feel demeaning , to the real scotland . 
  far more people know the sterotype than know about , the [ scottish enlightenment ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_enlightenment ) and the immeasurable contribution to the world from the scots of that age . 
  i 'd far rather we were remembered for the enormous list of world changing inventions than we were for being fannies in kilts . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm a little sensitive over those of us who do get aggressive about it . 
  probably something about your ethnic minorities being really clean ... edit : i think my comment is of questionable taste . 
  i 'm talking about people not understanding the term `` ethnic cleansing '' but i suspect it might be a bit tasteless . 
  i do n't intend to offend so if serbians feel it 's a little over the top then i 'll happily delete it rather than upset people . 
  oh , it used to be a sort of country in europe , next to france . 
  they could n't really sort out their government so they ended up splitting into flanders and wallonia and eventually they just ended up joining france and holland . 
  yeah - it 's the victorian romantic revision of scottish heritage that i mean . 
  the question was the most offensive . 
  why would it be offensive for people not to understand the difference between uk/britain/scotland and england ? 
  people get right up in arms about it . 
  the czech republic is in the centre of europe and always has been . 
  i think you 're offended by the suggestion you 're off to one side and irrelevant - which of course is incorrect . 
  neither are recent . 
  but clan tartans , the highland games and so forth are a romantic construction by the victorians . 
  have a look [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tartan ) for information on tartan , there 's several references to the victorians . 
  likewise the [ highland games ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/highland_games ) kilts and bagpipes are n't uniquely scottish , but the image of the scottish piper in tartan is a modern conceit . 
  sometimes you 'll hear it called `` shortbread tin '' in scotland because it 's associated with the tourist industry , as expensive tins of shortbread biscuit are . 
  americans , and other tourists . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  what do you have against the english ? 
  they 're right over the border and broadly speaking as nice a bunch of people as you could hope to meet . 
  are you one of the dicks that we have up here that thinks your national identity is defined by how much you hate the english ? 
  when people think that kilts , bagpipes and the highland games are anything other than a relatively recent invention created to bring tourism to scotland . 
  it 's in parliament at the moment , having passed the first reading and it 's almost certainly going to pass for england and wales . 
  in scotland it 's expected to be in place allowing gay marriages by the earliest 2015 . 
  so it 's fait accompli in every country of the uk , however a territory northern ireland has it 's own parliament and the bill there was defeated . 
  having been there i recognise it 's not . 
  my experience is the more parochial and racist the american is , the louder they become . 
  there 's a large amount of intelligent , informed and erudite americans who quietly shake their head at the nutters - it 's an enormous country with an enormously diverse population . 
  essentially you 're denying that we have a mob mentality . 
  i 'd like to agree with you , but it would mean denying that the darker side of human nature is there . 
  i 'm not sure how much you know about british newspapers , but there 's one for example called the daily mail , which panders to a need for people to get angry at things that do n't affect them . 
  people want to be outraged and if you read the online comments it 's clear that these people are n't affected and they use it as a way to hate . 
  i do n't normally like journalists - much of what passes for journalism is ideological driven drivel , or disguised marketing , or rabble rousing ... 
  but this reminds us why we need a free press and the role journalists have in defending democracy from totalitarianism can corruption . 
  so the neo-nazi party is reported to be `` weak and in tatters '' and the solution is to try to ban them . 
  that 's not very clever at all . 
  if you want to help extreme politics , then try to silence it . 
  if you want to deal with extreme politics , debate them . 
  after all what is there to fear ? 
  it 's not as if they 've really got anything good to say . 
  in the uk the bnp , who are an extreme authoritarian party finally got on to question time , which is the top political discussion programme in the uk . 
  they came across very badly indeed and now they 're fielding far , far fewer candidates as their vote collapses . 
  sunlight is the best disinfectant . 
  it is human nature . 
  if it helps i 've lived in the us and there is a lot of nationalism/hatred bubbling around in the us . 
  after the twin towers attacks there really was no excuse for much of it , other than people wanting to get their hate on . 
  in the wake of 11/9/2001 the americans went batshit crazy racist . 
  all the controls were turned off and millions of them took to the internet to bash `` rag heads '' and brown people in general . 
  i 'd suggest that there 's a huge proportion of them do n't give the slightest fuck about the human cost , but feel their murica has been personally slighted and that releases them from any obligation to be decent human beings . 
  i see what you 're saying , and i 've noticed it . 
  but i do mean reactionaries rather than neo-cons . 
  i 'm from the uk and i work in the finance industry , i have a pension which is invested . 
  you can put me under whichever `` we '' you think applies . 
  that 's about right , yes ... and why i voted for av even though i did n't particularly want it . 
  i do n't think you 've understood me . 
  you have the right to be offended . 
  but you do not have the right not to be offended . 
  am i correct in saying that the low amount of house ownership in germany causes a rich/poor divide and is a problem that could and should have been tackled by now ? 
  av was n't very good either ( but better ) . 
  what we have in scotland is far better - mms . 
  we 're in agreement now i think  `` sunlight is the best disinfectant . '', 
  sadly :( the working class would be better served by liberal politics - peace , reform , retrenchment . 
   the lid dems also known as the tupperware party ? 
   the libdems are rife with social democrats - they merged the old liberal party ( which had gone in that direction anyway ) with the social democrat party , and while there are still some liberals in it , it 's not an especially liberal party . 
  the tories do have some liberals in there , but far too often some dinosaur rears their head and shrieks reactionary crap . 
  they 're also as as someone above pointed out quite taken with the `` strivers vs skivers '' spin exercise . 
  ukip have even more reactionary dinousaurs than the tories , but they 've also got some liberal policies that directly oppose the social democrat status quo and it 's between the lib-dems and ukip that i choose . 
  he 's a member of the conservative party , on the left wing of it . 
  however the speaker becomes non-partisan and other than getting issues sorted for his constituents he does n't take a side . 
  incidentally his wife is a labour activist ( and a champagne guzzling attention whore too ) . 
  and might even be going to jail for spreading false rumours . 
  edit : i should correct myself . 
  he was a member and the assumption is that he 'd rejoin when he finished being a speaker . 
  however many people would question if he 'd instead defect to labour , but i expect he 'll be given a peerage and sent upstairs . 
  if i wanted to be absolutely sure then yes , i would need to read it . 
  you 've not exactly sold it is a good bit of literature though , so i 'm not likely to . 
  in any case though , if it 's libelous or calls for the law to be broken then fine . 
  but even if you do try to ban it , wo n't that have the opposite effect ? 
  i 'm still very sceptical about it ... but if it genuinely does incite them i 'm surprised it 's not already banned by germany . 
  if it 's quoted and used as part of incitement then that 's different ... 
  the czech republic has been through a great deal , and they 've come out of it as a mature , sensible dignified country with a history of great statesmen .
