  you 'll get used to his agenda . 
  nothing is muslims unless it 's muslims , and then you delete the thread . 
  if you 're right then there was no hope of saving greece . 
  the previous governments were corrupt and had no intention of dealing with things properly . 
  i do n't think anyone will disagree with that . 
  previous bailouts should have forced greece to accept technocratic government from the eu - but the greek people would not have accepted that . 
   purchasing online is essentially moving capital out of greece . 
  so they froze it . 
  absolutely . 
   also , with the unstable situation , banks are uncertain on what might happen , so they decline performing the transaction . 
  or they 'd simply run out of money . 
  if they allowed paypal etc to continue then greeks would just move their money out of the banks into paypal accounts so that they had control over their money and the banks would crash in hours . 
  krugman just writes the same blog entry every day . 
  then hack journalists write a story based on it . 
  then blogspam writers write blogs based on those . 
  then people quote the whole lot together as if it presents a consensus . 
  i thought the capital controls were only on withdrawals , and not on paying for things online ? 
  i understand why it needs to happen - but is n't the premise of the article to expose that greece is doing more than it said to stop people getting access to their money ? 
  the answer for greece , i think , was to agree to the reforms while they quickly implemented their own to deal with tax evasion , hiding money in swiss banks , vat fraud etc. 
  greece has a track record of half-heartedly implementing reforms , of continuing corruption , and the new government has a clear desire to lift existing austerity measures . 
  the negotiations from the troika were very much saying - austerity first , you 'll get no more of our money until you get serious . 
  the negotiations from greece were - we wo n't do anything until you give us debt relief . 
  given the position greece is in then i feel they should have capitulated , entirely , and syriza should have been focused inside greece rather than outside . 
  it 's the very last line of this one that got me . 
  merkel is in a corner , i do n't know how she could do anything after what 's been said so far . 
  the only way an agreement could be reached would be with a story that merkel was being overruled by france/spain and internationals like the uk/us/japan who have an interest in stability but are n't in the eurozone . 
  even then i just do n't understand the rules , and more importantly which can be broken , enough to know if there is a path to an agreement or not . 
  tsipras sought , and obtained , a mandate to refuse proposals close to what was being discussed a week or so ago . 
  unless there 's a way to agree things against the will of the national parliaments of the eurozone then i do n't see how they can reach an agreement . 
   a force of between 60 and 100 members is expected to be committed to the mission , which will involve elite british troops working alongside ** us delta force and navy seals . 
  ** someone needs to make the tea for the sas . 
  what i took from the imf report was that the previous greek governments have screwed up the implementation of austerity . 
  greece was bailed out and then they just sat on their hands and let the middle/rich keep not paying tax ... so now it 's got to the point where another bailout is needed . 
  the eurozone was doomed to this from the start . 
  the uk did n't join because of these reasons . 
  i really hope they know what they 're doing but at this point i 'm pretty much just hoping against reason . 
  so do you think they had a proposal to use at 51 % and scrapped it because of the strong mandate they got ? 
  you misunderstand me . 
  i 'm not asking what greece did during the day . 
  i 'm asking why greece did n't land a proposal first thing in the morning . 
  why did n't they plan what they were going to do in the event of a ` no ' vote ? 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
   is it too much to ask ? 
  yes . 
  they 're in your country because you were stupid enough to sign up to the schengen , they 're your problem . 
  if you 're happy to send them to britain then how will you feel when italy gives passports to all french speaking africa so they can turn up in france ? 
  what if they get a haircut then ? 
  if they get a haircut then nationalist anti-austerity governments will be elected in other countries who will also pursue a haircut . 
  syriza themselves will ramp up government spending , and further down the line will demand another bailout and haircut . 
  meanwhile in creditor countries right wing anti-eu politicians will be elected . 
  yes , but is that damage already done ? 
  yes . 
  he will have known for days that he 's going to resign , so he 'll have known for days he can say anything he likes and just walk away . 
  my view is he took over when greece was in a very dire situation and took an extremely risky gamble that if it paid off would make him a hero , but in all likelihood would make things much , much worse for greece . 
  now the gamble is lost and he has no credibility with other nations and he 'll go off and do something else , because he was gambling other people 's future and not his own . 
  in the past 5 months he 's made sure that greece did not turn a corner . 
  while greece needed a solution he made things worse and made promises to the greek people that are impossible to deliver on . 
  i wonder how intentional that was - do you think tsipras asked him to tell the big lies so that once he 's resigned the greek people ca n't say `` well you promised us x '' because it can be blamed on varoufakis alone ? 
  you ca n't tell me not to have an opinion . 
  why do you love him ? 
  are you too stupid to see through his shite , or do you want greece to suffer ? 
  he 's had his fun , played his games , ruined greece . 
  and now he 's going to leave and write more books . 
  so the banks will open on tuesday without capital controls according to the greek government because of the ` no ' vote . 
  how is that going to happen ? 
  yes but the greek referendum means you need to give them lots more money , but not expect to be paid back . 
  they voted for it so you have to respect democracy . 
  it 's not a case of punishing . 
  how could they agree a new deal with a country which has now twice voted this year to say fuck off to them . 
  the last chance was a yes vote and a change of leadership . 
  i 'm sorry about what 's going to happen to your country but democracy had it 's way and people voted to deny reality for a few days . 
  because they think they 've voted away austerity and that the eurozone must bail them out now and end austerity . 
  they do n't believe for one moment that it 's going to be a grexit , followed by drachma , inflation , poverty , civil unrest , exploitation by other countries/corporations . 
  they 've voted that everybody else writes off their debt . 
  they 're going to have a horrendous hangover . 
  if we 're insular within our own nations , not within europe - although being insular inside europe is bad too . 
  things are taking a decidedly `` me first '' turn lately . 
  over the past 10 years everybody is becoming more insular and heading for the far left who feel they are cheated out of everybody else 's money or the far right who think everybody is trying to cheat their money away . 
  co-operation makes a better world for everybody . 
  insular , protectionist , selfish policy beggars everybody . 
  ... but then again if you 're the only one and everybody else is taking advantage of you then what choice do you have ? 
  i keep wondering if the position for the uk should be retreat and shrink back from the eu , and then from that position become outward looking . 
  rather than the current position where we almost seem overstretched and inward looking . 
   syriza wants to reform - if they can actually , that 's a different story - but should be allowed to , as during the negotiations , big reforms were held back until everything was agreed upon . 
  pretty much their tactic has been hunger strike though - unless you sort it out we 'll make things worse . 
  i 'm interested in the answer to 1 ) . 
  my considered view is that successive governments fucked up the implementation and that 's why more is needed - also that syriza did a huge amount of damage in a short time to greek finances . 
  does the imf report essentially say that the greeks sabotaged themselves and more money is needed as a result ? 
  2 ) is n't a question that can really be answered fairly since it relies on knowing what tsipras and varoufakis are up to and they wo n't tell us until they brag about it in their memoirs once this is all over . 
  whatever the result , 80 % of people will claim to have voted the opposite because that way they can absolve themselves from any responsibility and claim that the other way led to prosperity . 
  not unless they reunify with macedonia . 
  sure , golden dawn and parts syriza are just media creations and not real . 
  protests in athens are n't real either . 
  people will behave better when the police are n't paid , shelves in shops are bare and it all comes crashing down . 
  i 'm hoping with a `` yes '' there 's some kind of recognition that if this does n't work a haircut must follow . 
  my problem with it is that successive greek governments have stuck broadly to the conditions but they 've not done anything they should have done otherwise because they 're corrupt . 
  if tough action had been taken 5 years ago against tax evasion , hiding money etc in greece then the situation would be different . 
  in basic terms if money is rising to the top of society and the top of society is spending it on imports then you wo n't exit austerity . 
  you 're poring through terms and conditions to find a legal loophole to use against the whole rest of the eu and you think that 's going to pay off . 
  how will you stay in the eu and eurozone when you 've defaulted , with hyperinflation using the drachma , and your country is burning with violent protests as the far left and far right scream at each other and germany ?
