  up here it 's a truism that europe takes all of our fish . 
  that 'll be great news for the scottish fishing industry . 
  what ? 
  our fishing industry might take it up the arse from europe ? 
  surely not . . that 's never happened every single year thanks to the cfp . 
  `` monsier president , le popularity is le down '' `` bash les rosbifs in le newspapers '' ( yes i know it 's not real french , it 's the form of french used when parodying them ) edit : i 'm now a little worried that this might be considered offensive by french people , i have no intention to offend and i hope you take it as friendly joking , not nasty sterotype stuff . 
  looks like a lot of the other countries are not happy with it either . 
  the czechs , danish , swedish and magyar are not too happy , so at least we have good company . 
  let us on the titanic , please !, 
  finance has been our biggest and most important export since the union of the crowns and will continue to be so . 
  we have the financial capital of the world and intend to keep it that way , despite relentless attacks by france and germany . 
  there is nothing to indicate it 'll crash catastrophically within the next decade . 
  your offer of help is an offer to take a great big chunk of tax from us , and join the euro project which at the moment is circling the drain , against the democratic will of the british people . 
  no thanks . 
  any chance this will result in cheap reindeer meat in my local supermarket ? 
  i imagine it tastes similar to venison ? 
  well , if all you have is nationalist bitterness then i 'll not try and take it away from you , short of saying that the uk does not regret staying off the euro titanic . 
  it 's not changed much . 
  this is probably [ the best page on the internet ] ( http://www.jonathanlynn.com/tv/yes_minister_series/yes_minister_episode_quotes.htm ) . 
  no , that was n't me - i just linked the article . 
  the title however was provocative but the content of the article is sound . 
  anyway , you 're just continuing to deny reality in the hope it will create a new one - it wo n't . 
  why ca n't you accept that it 's going down because the ratings agencies believe they are still overwhelmingly likely to repay their debts , but that it has become slightly less likely ? 
  for fucks sakes the french have all but guaranteed the debts of the eu . 
  why do you suspect conspiracy when the simple truth is right in front of you ? 
  erm , i do like the french . 
  as for their credit rating , why does the market say differently ? 
  ok , so you would not put them in jail because there 's lots of them and they do n't have a great deal of power individually . 
  otherwise you would . 
  it 's in the uk 's interests for the ratings agencies to keep france on a aaa rating , not to remove it . 
  we 're heavily invested in the eurozone and we feel any financial turmoil . 
  you need to stop seeing the uk as the enemy - you also need to stop seeing the ratings agencies as the enemy . 
  they 're just the media reporting on how much of a mess you 've made of the eurozone . 
  there 's nothing extreme about it , you either want to censor the ratings agencies or you do n't . 
  yes , although there is then question that if you do n't point out bias , why not ? 
  is that down to your own bias ? 
  should film critics go to jail if they say a movie is bad ? 
  they have the power to make a movie a success or failure . 
  in this thread so far only weedroid , but in other threads lots of people , and by politicians across the continent . 
  nearly right . 
  it * might * be politically motivated and everything you read should be carefully viewed with that scepticism . 
  however that holds true to every single piece of writing one could come across in one 's entire life . 
  no , my argument is `` fuck you they can say whatever they want and you ca n't do anything about it '' . 
  if you want to dismantle the system then the ratings agencies should n't even be on your list of targets . 
  what you 've done there is shown something that uses the piigs grouping and makes it into an insult . 
  the argument there though is that ratings agencies were shit ( or still are ) and should be ignored . 
  what the continental attitude is that they 're wrong but they must be silenced or have their message changed . 
  i would imagine he hopes that one day old vince snaps , spits the dummy and breaks the coalition because if the libdems do it then the tories will get a majority government , as long as they do it on a eurpsceptic mandate . . otherwise ukip will take enough votes from the tories to deliver a labour coalition . 
  indeed . 
  and i think you 're right . 
  in the uk we tend to only hear about france when it 's someone saying something mental . 
  i suspect it 's the same across the channel . 
  i guess it 's probably likely that most of what france says is n't mental . 
  or that aaa + french rating ... 
  you can like to argue it all you want . 
  you 'll have to argue it very well to convince anyone that free speech is overruled by your desire to cover up fiscal inadequacy . 
  there 's nothing to stop these credit rating agencies saying anything they like . 
  however what they say is only taken into account and they only have a use if they try to get things right . 
  it may be more convenient of you to be able to force them to lie and cover things up , but it 's not going to work . 
  as are the guardian , financial times , times and independent - what 's your point ? 
  moldova is seriously deprived and too close to russia 's sphere of influence . 
  russia would object if we got near it , and would see it as a tactical move against them . 
  however i do n't know if romanians and moldovans feel much unity , but perhaps there is hope of reunification ? 
  everything you say in that post is wrong . 
  the first use of piigs that i can find is in a german book , if it was in the guardian it 'd be cited there . 
  it 's not a racial and national slur . 
  england is not in a comparable economic situation . 
  you can compare anything against anything else . 
  you can compare piigs against cheap wwii nazi propaganda against jews in the same way that you can compare an apple against an anvil . 
  the article is factual , i believe , once you get past the title . 
  no it does not sound a bit wrong . 
  they 're paid analysts and if they get it wrong they lose money . 
  they 're also entitled to give their opinion as they see fit . 
  your will to censor them is little more than an attempt at a state press where only what the government agrees with can be said . 
  they do n't have the power to make or break economies . 
  central banks and politicians have that power . 
  do n't for one second blame the ratings agencies for their failings , all they do is expose them . 
  as for their dismal performance in the past that was related to not spotting problems early enough . 
  would you like to argue that they need to act faster in downgrading eurozone economies ? 
  no no no , you misunderstand . 
  it should not be a free for all . 
  instead it should be means tested . 
  right now the eu is in difficulty and it would help if ratings agencies did n't downgrade , so aaa ratings for all . 
  meanwhile the uk is n't in the eurozone so we 're not in such a desperate need , take ours away . 
  i 'm quite sure if ratings agencies decided that if instead of the truth they used wishful thinking people would continue to put weight behind them , they would maintain their integrity and they would n't be discarded and ignored within 15 seconds . 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/table/2011/aug/12/abcs-national-newspapers ), 
  the article is loaded with information . 
  the telegraph is britain 's foremost broadsheet . 
  you know you could try reading it first ? 
  that is interesting ... 
  i thought you guys fought really very hard indeed to get out from austrian rule , i know there 's a big north/south divide in italy , do you feel you should have stayed as lombardy , or within the austro-hungarian empire , or a looser federated italy ? 
  all things considered if i was going to be ruled by an empire i would n't mind the austro-hungarian one . 
  at least they have good looking women , and sharp economists and philosophers . 
  i read that as austro-hungarians ... 
  imagine they decided to resurrect the dual monarchy and give a united europe another throw of the dice ... 
  you are a bunch of tax dodgers - if you look at greece collectively you do n't pay your taxes . 
  of course some of you do , and i suspect it 's the ordinary greek that both pays their taxes and suffers the most under austerity . 
  you may not care about it , but what you experience in greece is what we all experience . 
  the political elite steal from the people and re-write the rules .
