  i do n't know if you misunderstood the site but it 's there for young women to find an older rich male patron who quite literally pays her an amount of money to be his girlfriend . 
  there 's a lot of euphemisms used , but it is prostitution . 
  i think so . 
  i 'd rather have a world where girls are n't told to idolise cunts like paris hilton and football wags . 
  or one where men 's self esteem depends on having a trophy girlfriend with whom he has nothing in common except a mutual desire for social climbing . 
  i 'd like to have a society where men and women are broadly viewed as equals and it 's not up to women to be trophies and men to patronise them . 
  i do n't have anything against prostitution though , in itself . 
  neither ? 
  it 's what irish girls are choosing to do because they see it as a way to attain a glamorous life and earn money easily . 
  they 're not forced into prostitution - they 're choosing to do it ( and probably in their own heads it 's not prostitution ) . 
  whores . 
  that sounds flippant , but it 's exactly what 's going on . 
  eu - must you try to usurp everything and paint a circle of stars on it ? 
  we should be celebrating victory in europe day . 
  the day when europe , the commonwealth and many other nations around the world defeated the nazis . 
  if we celebrate anything else it should be the fall of the berlin wall . 
  these two events define europe as it is today . 
  not a phoney day picked by the eu as self promotion . 
  i 'm reluctant to try to answer such a broad question . 
  the common factor here is it 's the working class that get fucked in both germany and greece . 
  the eu bailouts and the bank bailouts are the biggest transfer of wealth from poor to rich there has ever been . 
  it 's no wonder the germans are pissed off . 
  hmm . 
  i 'd say they died because they were murdered . 
  i 'm not sure about ` hate crimes ' we have similar laws in the uk and i 've never been convinced that they 're good ideas , or bad ideas . 
  i do n't mean to be insensitive , but i wanted to hear what germans thought of their laws , to see if it helps me understand better . 
  i mean that morals should n't be what we rely on to get people to pay taxes . 
  in the uk we 've had a bit of coverage over large corporations or individuals legally avoiding tax and people go on about how it 's immoral or unjust . . and it makes no difference . 
  the way to fix is it is with clear , legislation , properly enforced . 
  morals have nothing to do with taxes . 
  it 's what people use when they 're wringing their hands because legislation is flawed or corrupt . 
  people who evade tax should face catastrophic penalties . 
  is the neo-nazi part of this case especially relevant , or is it just newspaper window dressing ? 
  this is a case where 10 people have been murdered , but is it made worse or influenced by the neo-nazi link ? 
  feels like the common agricultural policy to me . 
  supporting agricultural business in core eu countries to the detriment of everybody else . 
  i understand the reason behind some of the product name protection . 
  however this seems to be abused in this case . 
  would it not be best to be a bit more specific ? 
  if someone asked how is life in scotland in such a way i 'd be reluctant to spend any time trying to answer such a broad question . 
  they do n't like it up 'em . 
  even if he 's wrong , which he is n't , he 's perfectly right to voice his opinion . 
  ah - the list i looked at is listing it ` now ' rather than what it will be . 
  a sudden step change is n't good and what spain is doing is the right way i think . 
  massive cutting of public sector jobs wo n't help though ... any other kind of austerity must be better . 
  raising the retirement age is a form of austerity that should n't cause so much of a contraction as the massive public sector cuts . 
  i 'm continually surprised at how low the retirement age is for the indebted economies . 
  it does n't seem in any way fair for people to leave the economy with their pension while the rest of the working population has to work to provide their income . 
  it 's currently 68 in the uk and we seem to feel it 'll go higher here , but only 65 in portugal . 
  it 's still 65 in spain , 66 in italy but it has been put up to 67 in greece . 
  slovenia is 63/61 !, 
  would it have made any difference if the countries with serious problems had raised the retirement age 3 or 4 years ago by 3 or 4 years instead of massive cuts ( which of course hammer the poor ) . 
  i like seeing an anti-establishment , anti-eu party which believes in localism get votes . 
  sadly they have a slight whiff of little englander about them and they 're a bit too authoritarian . 
  i could n't vote for them myself as i do n't feel comfortable with some of the reactionary reptiles they have in their party - but i would n't dare be such a cunt as to judge people who vote for them as xenophobes and offer a faux apology on their behalf . 
  leaving the eu is not suicidal - but that 's not what matters here . 
  what matters is you 're so full of your own opinion that you 're trying to marginalise other people 's and apologise for them having the audacity to disagree with your narrow mindedness . 
  the implication is that a very small amount of people voted for ukip . 
  the turnout was low and it was in traditionally tory grounds . 
  far more people voted for them than did not . 
  and even those who did - how dare you pass judgement on their motives . 
  it 's not me on a high horse , it 's you on your high horse condescending to insult our nearest neighbours and friends as if you know so much better than them . 
  unlike you though i 'm not going to apologise on your behalf . 
  you can do that yourself , or not and people can make their own judgement on you . 
  do n't be a fucking pendant on top of everything else . 
  what exactly did you think i meant by `` xenophobic to our friends in england '' i specifically used that word because you had used it . 
  you apologised on behalf of scotland to europe for england . 
  you can try and dress it up any way you like but it 's pathetic . 
  you 'll notice that when a cybernat downvotes you , whatever you said has now become less true . 
  that 's a factoid . 
  if there were enough cybernats they could literally turn any statement around . 
  when dealing with scottish nationalists you need to learn that any combination of circumstances put into their mental equation always has the solution of independence . 
  i 'm downvoting you for two reasons . 
  1 ) you do n't speak for scotland . 
  2 ) you 're being rather xenophobic to our friends in england . 
  our nationalit identity is not based on hatred of england and i 'll say `` not in my name '' any time petty little scotlander attitudes come out . 
  so what ? 
  `` growth '' here is a lie . 
  it 's a way of saying spending but hiding it . 
  growth vs austerity is a loaded statement . 
  it implies austerity is the opposite of growth , it also hides says that public spending will lead to growth , when in fact depending on what you understand about economics it could lead to shrinking . 
  when growth is a euphemism for borrowing from future generations . 
  abortion , gay marriage . 
  ... because it would have been just fine if he 'd punched the mayor ... 
  oh come on , that 's piss poor . 
  if you want a thought provoking bit of thatcher art try this . 
  http://www.tate.org.uk/art/artworks/kennard-maggie-regina-t12485 comparisons of every female politician against thatcher are just tired - do you really think either merkel or thatcher are defined by their gender ? 
  but what about lower prices on other goods ? 
  what about ending the damage we do to agriculture both in and out of the eu ? 
  refined oil products , nuclear energy materials and reactor components , cars , machinery , pharmaceuticals , rare/precious metals/gems , high tech/oil/aerospace components . 
  i do n't honestly know what italy consumes most from the uk in all honesty . 
  i think the problem is perhaps the definition of left is different in your terms than mine . 
  in the uk the labour party are deemed to be centre-left . 
  anything to the left of them is hard left , anything to the left of the hard left is the far left , and to the left of the far left you get extremists . 
  i think hollande is further left than the uk labour party which in my terms puts him as hard left - perhaps where you 're from ( i 'm guessing france as it 's the largest part of the occitan ) you perhaps see him as simply left wing , or perhaps even centre left ? 
  i do n't think it 's in any way important which of us is right , and indeed we 're probably both simultaneously right and wrong ... social crisis , you are right , often causes people to look to extremes such as communists , fascists or the like . 
  i still say that socialist politics tends to cause a reaction from the authoritarian side of things , the bnp in the uk were swelling in numbers , but have fallen aside . 
  the biggest help to the bnp was the labour government 's constant derision of anyone who mentioned immigration as a racist , which allowed the bnp to rise unchecked . 
  i think we 're arguing over terms here and not doing any justice with it . 
  perhaps when i say `` hard left '' you think `` far left '' .
