  when it came to us negotiating entry into the eu ( or continuation or however you want to call it ) , like i said all last year , we 'd be over a barrel and get a bad deal . 
  it 's become more apparent to people now . 
  the eu has expanded beyond what 's practical because of political reasons to form a superstate . 
  we have overstretched , and now the people are pulling inwards , not pushing outwards . 
  selfish national interests are all that the eu states are interested in now - because they 've gone far beyond their comfort level . 
  it is not too late . 
  the main factor missing , i think , is trust in good faith . 
  if the greek government shows good faith - and that 's possible since they have a near consensus at the moment ( or it looks like they do ) - then they could go after the oligarchs and tax evaders and if they 're successful it would allow them movement within the agreements that have been made . 
  i have no issue in us joining a proper rescue package for greece , but it 'd have to be something that the greek people could n't vote away afterwards , and it 'd have to come after a haircut to recognise how much needs to be wiped off before greece can be helped . 
  the two main obstacles to greek success are governments that wo n't do what 's needed . 
  we 'd also need the greeks to be happy to enter into this agreement ahead of time . 
  the ft is better than the guardian - in my opinion . 
  i guess it leans towards your own bias then . 
  it 's got a bias against the government . 
  it 'll not run stories if they do n't fit the guardian agenda , and it 'll intentionally mislead in other stories if they fit the guardian agenda . 
  it 's not significantly better than other newspapers . 
  yep . 
  i hope cameron manages to walk the line and get perceived to be forward looking and positive rather than pretty nationalism . 
  that 's just opinion . 
  i have friends higher up than i am and nobody knows . 
  the only thing that 's certain beyond doubt is there is no fiscal without monetary union . 
  so they need to get closer , or leave . 
  the problem i see about getting meaningful change is that with a near certainty of a yes vote to stay in , cameron ca n't use much leverage . 
  however there is the possibility that other nations will want the changes we want and that could be a catalyst for improvement . 
  that 's pish . 
  we 're not part of the eurozone either and likewise for good reason because we do n't want the costs and benefits together . 
  we are not part of schengen . 
  ah come on , you ca n't blame them . 
  they 're on their holidays trying to enjoy themselves . 
  of course they 're going to try to help out refugees . 
  cancelling their holidays for that is going too far . 
  i 'm still in favour of the eu but the latest debacle with the ez and greece , and the appeal of a back to basics free trade deal make me quite shaky . 
  populist government does this . 
  it picks out a minority and blames them for things . 
  i 'm a great fan of lesbos . 
  we were n't stupid enough to sign up to it , for these obvious reasons . 
  up to a point . 
  there 's hundreds of millions of people in africa in a horrible situation . 
  accepting tiny amounts , at great expense , and doing little or nothing to deal with the problems in africa is shortsighted and selfish . 
  it 's essentially only dealing with problems that are right there in front of you . 
  housing asylum seeking refugees is extremely expensive and that money could have a considerably better impact if used differently . 
  syriza caused a great deal of harm over the past couple of weeks , significantly worsening the position . 
  no haircut could be agreed until and unless greece follows through on austerity properly and deals with the rampant issues in the greek economy . 
  the troika are effectively saying `` not now . 
  we wo n't even discuss it . '', 
  and syriza have always been saying `` haircut first . 
  then austerity '' but making it pretty clear the first thing they 'd do after a haircut is increase spending . 
  you would n't give your friend money to help with his gambling debts unless he agreed to stop gambling and you were convinced he would . 
  i read it that the parliament are on stand-by to approve it , if the troika like it . 
  i may have read it incorrectly though . 
  i 'm thinking there might be a bit of negotiation , so the greek parliament would vote on it after it 's settled . 
  it 'd be helpful if everybody had a clear understanding of one meaning of multiculturalism . 
  i 'm surprised just how many different leftist groups are there . 
  where i 'm from any leftist movement ca n't hold together for more than a few minutes without a split , and the idea of them working together is insane . 
  1 ) we can integrate fine . 
  but it 's very difficult if it 's large numbers of incredibly culturally backwards people all at once . 
  it 's something we need to come to terms with . 
  immigration is broadly a good thing . 
  2 ) that 's just the way things are . 
  check again in 20 years . 
  3 ) depends on where you are . 
  the uk is very tolerant for example . 
  4 ) some parts of london are dodgy , some parts of new york are dodgy . 
  there 's more race riots in the us than there are here . 
  i have an idea what i think it is , but i thought i 'd give the mod an opportunity explain himself before launching into another attack on them . 
  i really struggle to think anything other than it 's this particular mod continuing to push his agenda . 
  i did * not * say you defended . 
  i am saying i can not see a defence for it . 
  i simply mean it 's indefensible , not that i disagree with your defence - you are n't making one . 
  edit : and i do appreciate you translating the page , that 's why i asked more questions about it . 
  i ca n't see any defence for it . 
  assuming those were people innocently enjoying a meal then he 's done basically happy slapping but rationalised it by saying it was for lulz - which is what happy slapping was anyway . 
  i 'm assuming i 've grasped the right end of the stick with this ? 
  or were the people enjoying their meal in on it too ? 
  berlusconi and blatter occupy the same area in my memory . 
  i 'm aware they 're different people but my thoughts about them are pretty much the same . 
   mods reserve the right to remove egregiously low quality content under limited circumstances * what are limited circumstances ? 
  * why is this low quality , never mind ** egregiously ** low quality ? 
  * why are the mods now passing entirely subjective judgements on content which does not seem to be causing a problem ? 
  [ peppa pig is haram . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_beh7wjcigy ), 
  it 's designed to do that though , is it any wonder ? 
  the us benefits from stability in europe . 
  it would n't matter a single fuck to them if greece then spain , italy etc all got massive writedowns but they 'd benefit from the stability . 
  is that one of these pranks where people are total cunts and then someone is filming it because viral videos on youtube lulz ? 
  or is it one of those fake pranks where people pretend to be `` got '' for viral videos on youtube lulz ? 
  the basic problem is that tsipras takes ms powerpoint to a ms word party . 
  the eu may be a good thing , in general . 
  the euro is patently not . 
  i think you 'll find that nobody is in eastern europe . 
  there 's western europe . 
  there 's southern europe . 
  there 's northern europe and there 's central europe ( which is n't in the centre ) . 
  if you look at a map of the eu , for example you 'll notice that on the right hand side is poland . 
  you might think that 's the east but it 's not . 
  if you slide the map over then it 's the centre . 
  i was n't passing any judgement on what it was . 
  in the past though when there 's an attack that turns out to be islamic extremists , as the news is breaking there 's lots of people doing what / u/dclauzel did and with no facts at all claim it 's not something . 
  or worse yet when the british tourists in tunisia were killed , censor discussion about it . 
  i did n't even day [ edit : say ] he was wrong .
