  at present the minimum wage is plenty enough for a living wage - if it was n't for all the regressive taxes . 
  housing poverty is fixed by several different things . 
  one of them is the government matching deposits on purchases , but not caring if they 're new builds . 
  the current scheme is shit . 
  the other is getting a stock of social housing which right to buy depletes but is restored in other ways . 
  increase income tax , drop tax thresholds , reduce tax credits . 
  social democrats like to tax the poor to give to the poor . 
  that needs to stop . 
  ah good  the biggest problems in the uk at the moment are housing poverty , fuel poverty and the massive effective rate of tax on the very poor . 
  the problem is decades of stealth taxes like this smartphone tax would be . 
  i do n't really know what it 's like in germany , however in the uk the government heavily subsidises the poor , and they 're still very poor . 
  removing vat , national insurance , green fuel taxes , solving the housing problem , etc would go very far to solving poverty in the uk . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or not , but i am very much in favour of that . 
  no thanks to regressive taxes . 
  straightforward progressive taxes are better . 
  there 's no eastern europe ... southern , western , central and northern . 
  it 's an assumption i believe to be true . 
  how on earth could i have proven it ? 
  i do n't mean to offend you , but you said corpses and meant corps . 
  the difference is quite funny  my experience of the municipal police in spain is good , but the guardia civil pointed guns at me and were quite rough , for no reason other than i was walking down a road at 3am . 
  an article from the 14th of march ? 
  he criticised the uk before he became pope . 
  you 've made it look as if he 's done it afterwards . 
  why did you post this ? 
  well , patents are a necessary evil , think of all generic medicines that were patented once . 
  patent law needs reform though , but for medicine it 's better than it is for literature . 
  * irrelevant . 
  it 's not a colony . 
  * they never stepped foot on it . 
  * what is there to negotiate ? 
  you can not negotiate away the people of the falkland islands right to self determination . 
  they have just had a vote where they expressed their clear desire . 
  no negotiation is possible . 
  * it 's important . 
  argentina went to war over it and they continue their rhetoric . 
  if the uk was not a global power argentina would just invade again . 
  just on a side note - if bill gates had supported privatisation then everybody would tell him to keep his nose out and it had nothing to do with him . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  and what more could we achieve if we were n't handcuffed by superstitious hysteria about gm crops . 
  i thought so . 
  perhaps it 's the iconoclast in me , or my dislike of euphemism but i 'd rather call a spade a spade . 
  well , we certainly wo n't get anywhere with so many tax havens and so much evasion going on . 
  we do need to cut them out . 
  it is difficult to tax wealth , but we 've also made taxation difficult in general - particularly in the uk . 
  what we have now is a mess . 
  death tax is a bit of a dodgy name for it . 
  basically it 's an estate tax , when someone passes away on their estate before it 's split up and passed on to whoever inherits it . 
  typically people who oppose inheritance tax come back and call it a death tax as it 's a more emotive term . 
  i prefer to get that out of the way and be frank about it . 
   death is the most convenient time to tax rich people . 
  lloyd-george . 
  if i 'm going to be taxed then deferring it until i die is good . 
  death tax is the main one . 
  aside from that there 's a land tax . 
  this is / r/europe so i wo n't go into too much details about uktax free savings , but the uk model is flawed and everybody should have their age as a limit to a cap of 50k for isas and be allowed a single isa . 
  above that it gets taxed . 
  you can buy an annuity if it 's intended to be for retirement . 
  tax evasion penalties to be draconian to ensure that wealth does n't slip under the eyes of tax , and tax is n't evaded . 
  simplification of tax code to remove loopholes . 
  inheritance tax is a form of wealth tax . 
  i appreciate that wealth taxes are much more difficult to impose than income tax , but income tax is easily avoided by the very rich . 
  it is n't . 
  i 'm talking about people who are so rich with inherited wealth that they do n't need to work , ever . 
  no , not fuck the rich . 
  we need to raise tax somehow and it 's best to tax people with wealth rather than people who are earning lots . 
  for a start taxing earnings causes people to work less hard . 
  the most convenient time to tax people is on their estate at death . 
  finally something needs to happen to combat the magnetism of wealth . 
  once you pass a point where your wealth is such that you do n't need to do anything at all - in fact you can just employ people to manage it for you - then that 's wrong . 
  we need a system which encourages people to work , but also where tax is progressive . 
  what we have now is regressive with housing poverty , huge rates of effective tax on the very poor and fuel poverty from green ` incentives ' . 
  there 's no really moral way to do things , whatever we choose will be immoral to some degree , it 's about doing the best we can . 
  well , if it makes the czechs here feel better i associate you with the bohemian empire/holy roman empire , being the centre of europe , being sensible/eurosceptic , atheism , high tech manufacturing , the velvet revolution , statesmen like havel and being a modern healthy democracy following ussr domination , unlike many of the other countries . 
  death taxes . 
  problem solved ? 
  we seem to focus too much on income and not enough on wealth . 
  that 's where the burden of tax should lie . 
  i could have worded it better , yes , however i hope/think people know it is n't really what all of the us thinks . 
  i find him interesting reading , often i agree with him . 
  often i do n't . 
  i 'm not sure if appearing on glenn beck etc pays well , and if he 'll only get on there by coming across as a reactionary , but when i watched his nhs stuff it does n't sit well with his blog which is usually thoughtful . 
  ah , that 's sad . 
  hopefully if he is an alcoholic he can get the help he needs , and/or your parliaments can vote to remove him . 
  i was making a joke - the us mistook the czech republic for chechnya . 
  we should n't jump to conclusions ... but there 's been talk of this before . 
  czechs ( or is it czechnians now ? 
  ) - is it widely accepted that he has an alcohol problem ? 
  ah , you 're technically correct and as we all know that 's the best kind of correct . 
   fish salesman , per ahlgren said he 'd had no alternative but to find a buyer outside sweden : when someone says they had no alternative but to break the law any sympathy i have for them melts away . 
  if they can get the legislation correct it 's worthwhile . 
  however if it 's wrong it 'll damage banking with extra red tape . 
  that 's absolutely miserable . 
  10 years ago i 'd have doubted that level of unemployment was even possible . 
  i still do n't really understand it . 
  i think i 've already answered this above in [ this reply . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1e275z/4000_irish_students_seek_sugar_daddies/c9w4huc ), 
  hardly slut shaming . 
  i 'm calling whores whores . 
  this is n't people dressing up the way they intend . 
  it 's not a judgement on female promiscuity .
