  ever a peaceful race you managed to last 7 years until you invaded bulgaria , and lost . 
  you then waited a while and started the balkan wars , during which you tried and succeeded to annex territory , setting the scene for ww1 - which you went and started in 1914 . 
  you won ww1 and ended up being yugoslavia , and you could then properly start the ethnic cleansing and genocide . 
  your tactic was simply to murder the fuck out of everybody who did n't agree with you and try to turn everbody into a serb . 
  eventually the other parts of yugoslavia declared independence from serb rule , and ever since then you 've basically warred against your neighbours , still of course murdering people as much as you could , the last of your wars was when you tried unsuccessfully to murder kosovo until it gave up - you failed there as the un had to come in to stop you from killing literally everybody who was n't a serb . 
  the only reason why you 've not killed more people is that there are not so many serbs . 
  if there were 10s of millions you 'd fill up all the graveyards in europe . 
  rule out going to the eu as a commissioner and i 'll believe you really mean it nick . 
  well , i care about america . 
  however i certainly do n't care what a top us general says about euro unrest . 
  i 'm quite sure top eu accountants have fuck all to say about us troop manoeuvres . 
  it was very tempting though ... 
  i even typed it up and thought better of posting it . 
  we 're not kosovo ... we could go independent without the un helping ... ( not that i want to ) . 
  as i said , let 's not do this . 
  i take the point you have so very wittily made . 
  it 's so very tempting to look at serbia 's history to retaliate against your constant bashing of the uk , but i do n't think it would be productive . 
  this article is rubbish . 
  spiegel have put out some good coverage and it 's interesting reading but this particular one is just pandering to petty anti-uk sentiment . 
  is it not more likely that a union of england , scotland , norway , sweden , denmark , czech than the eu ? 
  while we may vote for europhile parties up here we do n't , i think , consider it a big deal . 
  if we do go down the independence route then i do n't believe we 'd be quite as europhile as our political parties are , and i do n't think our current political parties would exist after independence . 
  i think i see what you 're saying - you 're saying that france and germany said they would n't move on certain parts and he said he 'd veto now rather than wait for them to crystallise ? 
  no , it 's not that it would level the playing field - that implies that the uk is missing regulation that the other eu countries have . 
  it 's just simply that it would take a great big chunk of tax from the uk and add it to the eu . 
  for a very long time france and germany have not liked london and have acted against it , partly to directly benefit from extra revenue , but also in the idea that if you break it up then some will settle in their countries . 
  the effect would indeed be that the switzerland , singapore , hong kong , new york would all look more attractive . 
  banks choose to hq in london partly because it 's less heavily regulated than some countries - however there are many places less regulated than london . 
  they do n't go there because office space is cheap , or labour is cheap . 
  they go to london because there 's lots of highly skilled financial services staff there , and there 's other financial institutions . 
  london already has severe disadvantages and extreme advantages . 
  if you put a tobin tax on top of punitive regulation then it will all slip away . 
  they 've very much been distinct from the rest of ireland throughout history . 
  historically it 's been the shores of our islands that have been where people lived and you could draw a circle around the north of ireland and the west of scotland , and that would be an approximation of the kingdom of dalriada . 
  there 's been constant immigration and emigration over the years as well . 
  i 've never understood why looking good on a map was a good reason for reunification . 
  you 're deluding yourself if you think that it was anything other than an attack on the city of london . 
  when you propose a new tax that the uk will pay 80 % of then it 's not egotistical of the uk to say no . 
  france and germany view london as a great big pi\u00f1ata and they want to smash it to pieces in the hope of picking up a few morsels . 
  i do n't think i 'm grasping you just right - are you talking about the eu 's habit of seeming to reward career politicians at the end of their political career with an eu junket , where they get a great deal of money and a significant amount of power , however they have ceased to be elected and can be accused of feathering their nests ? 
  where i 'd argue that politicians even in mid-career are either aiming for corporate directorships or what we call in the uk quangos ? 
  the continental attitude seems to be that the means justify the ends and democracy is second best to saving themselves from the financial catastrophe . 
  i can understand the instincts behind this , and i can sympathise , but i think ultimately things must be done by a democratic mandate , and when you start working against what the people want `` for their own good '' you end up with a great big empire sized state that over time will be a corrupt entity for the good of the leaders , not for the good of the people . 
  you ca n't absolve governments of blame that way . 
  who gained ? 
  pension funds , political elites , baby boomers , `` the 1 % '' . 
  but at what cost does the market expansion have ? 
  call me a pessimist , but if we gain from closer trade ties to the countries in europe do we not also have weaker ties with the rest of the world ? 
  surely any benefit to us must come from other countries putting up barriers to non-eu trade , meaning we have more preferential terms to trade with them , but also meaning that european nations put up protectionist barriers ... and i 'd take a lot of convincing to make me change from thinking that protectionism makes everybody poorer , and is a short sighted policy - unless you want to operate a rather immoral colonial system like we did a couple of hundred years ago ( or one might in a pigs eye accuse germany of doing with southern europe ) . 
  we would n't permit the level of fiscal union required to properly lay the foundations for a single currency , so because it went ahead anyway it 's all our fault . 
  central banks and governments caused the problem , and are at least as much to blame as banks . 
  it 's old ground though and i do n't think you 're likely to be convinced . 
  however it was central banks under government instructions that kept interest rates low , that allowed a mass of sub prime lending , that allowed banks to operate core capital ratios way too low . 
  not only did governments allow the situation to happen , they actively encouraged it to continue . 
  it 's difficult to tell what 's genuine criticism , what 's frustration , what 's trying to blame someone else for your own failures , and what 's populist spin intended for their own electorate . 
  i honestly believe that sometimes our leaders have a meeting and agree to go to the press and call each other cunts , just to satisfy the voters . 
  they have a mandate based on the way our political system works , even if they do n't have an overall majority of the votes . 
  i do n't agree that it was outrageous not to take it to parliament . 
  my guess for the downvotes is people taking a dislike to you suggesting deliberate attempts to change opinion by the eu . 
  while i do n't agree with you i did n't downvote you , and would only do so if you 'd got a mass of upvotes . 
  my opinion is that the eu should do what it considers to be best within the mandate given and trust that it will be judged on it 's merits . 
  in the uk having other european leaders attack you is a good thing . 
  he 'll be able to respond and look good . 
  straight out of the uk and straight into the eu ? 
  sigh :(, 
  on the east . 
  germany just ceded east prussia to serbia . 
  but what if it all ends up going bang anyway , you 'll be even more fucked than you would have been with no treaty . 
  you start off by saying it 's sad as if you are genuinely sympathetic ... and then you come out with the retarded comment . 
  i do n't think you 're sympathetic at all , in fact i think a lot of what you say is just attacking the uk and trying to make germany look better . 
  i wo n't make the mistake of trying to argue with you , i 'll just say it 's not very becoming of you . 
  why on earth would that happen ? 
  london is the centre for good reason , why would someone choose to leave it to move to a higher regulated eurozone where there 's no other significant financial areas ? 
  the whole idea of the increased regulation was to take a shot at the uk and hopefully see some of that move to continental capitals . 
  is n't happening . 
  they 've invaded mexico exactly zero times since annexation by the us ( the following war was a mexican declaration ) . 
  they might go on about being the lone star state , but they 're not what they were before 1845 . 
  the us is also not the eu . 
  nice link . 
  it 's always fascinating reading what other countries make of things . 
  is that a rhetorical question ? 
  that 's a very insightful point . 
  it takes considerably more skill and there is far more at risk making decisions about the placement of capital than it does shoveling gravel . 
  and hopefully in 10-20 years the protected market of the eu will be far less attractive than the rest of the world . 
  i do n't know how the riots were sold to you , but they were n't political . 
  what ? 
  i 've got to apologise for the uk now do i ? 
  is there anything else i need to apologise for that i was n't responsible for ? 
  erm . 
  i 'm really ever so sorry about the dinousaurs . 
  i do n't know what i was thinking . 
  the spanish inquisition was a terrible idea of mine . 
  also pompeii was n't my greatest hour . 
   `` the common market : we went into it to screw the french by splitting them off from the germans . 
  the french went in to protect their inefficient farmers from commercial competition . 
  the germans went in to purge themselves of genocide and apply for readmission to the human race . '', 
  quote from yes , minister, 
  the people 's democratic free republic of coatbridge secedes and joins europe ... 
  i ca n't as a single person leave the eu . 
  unless you mean emigrate outside of it ?
