   often children die from receiving a vaccin completely false . 
  that 's handy if you 've had a really good drink , you can just stop for a piss and if you 're too drunk to stand up you can lean against your car . 
  very sensible . 
  so what would happen if that happened ? 
  do any norwegians decide to batter swedes on a saturday night when they 've had too much ( err i do n't know the norwegian national drink ) fermented herring juice ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  we had a coalition in the uk when we had our backs to the wall and the libdems worked with the tories to make the necessary reforms , but prevented many of the unpleasant ones happening . 
  a libdem government would have been better , yes , of course , but two parties working together did manage to achieve things . 
  however germany was not prior to the nazi takeover and the population were educated , liberal ( as far as it went for the times ) and fairly secular ( again by the times ) . 
  i do n't wish ill on the refugees . 
  i understand why they 're fleeing syria . 
  however to just drop them off in our population centres and deny that it will create issues is negligent . 
  and even still that does n't mean it 's wrong to accept refugees . 
  we probably still should , despite issues being created by doing so . 
  you can not , however , simply just ignore facts because they 're uncomfortable . 
  in this map we see backwards , conservative , authoritarian nations and regimes in green . 
  you got the title right and the map wrong , pretty much . 
  i do not . 
  i 'm entirely correct in what i 've said , and it 's most certainly not racist . 
  the areas where refugees are coming from are backward theocratic countries where human rights do not exist , and people follow extreme versions of religions . 
  they do not respect western secular values . 
  i wish that was not the case , but it quite simply is . 
  because i would imagine if you 're leaving a country with massive immigration of backward , third world muslims who have no morality issues about targetting jews then you 're not going to go to somewhere else in europe which means you 've basically got america , oceania or israel if you want a modern country . 
  i do n't mean nationalist . 
  i mean that the national front is close to fascism , which is why that 's what i said . 
  hard nationalism . 
  protectionism . 
  anti-immigration . 
  souverainism . 
  personality cult . 
  there 's a few things that the national front and fascism have in common . 
  the national front are close to fascism . 
  does n't she have a point ? 
  although if it 's one of these `` shock jocks '' that constantly trolls for attention then she should have just ignored it . 
  when it comes to fascism ( which the national front is close to i hope we 'd all agree ) it is far better to argue with the points rather than shriek hysterically and shout hyperbole . 
  in the uk we had a party called the bnp . 
  they were probably fairly close to the national front . 
  for years all sorts of nutter hard left thugs used to physically attack the bnp , intimidate venues where they were going to speak , counter-protest ( and by that i mean turn up and attack the bnp ) and all sorts of other totalitarian bollocks . 
  the political parties in the uk would not respond to bnp policies to pick them apart . 
  my view was that the bnp were comprehensively wrong . 
  that they were doing dogwhistle racism politics . 
  one day their leader nick griffin appeared on question time , which is a highly viewed bbc television programme with politicians and political commentators on it . 
  he came across as the thoughtess , feckless , inept racist slab of moron that he is . 
  the bnp have since collapsed . 
  the way to get rid of unpleasant political parties is to calmly take their arguments to pieces . 
  it is not to censor them or make them out to be worse than what they are . 
  they get loads of money spent on them , relatively speaking , but they do not have much money in their pockets . 
  the general feeling is that people want to help refugees , but just not in their own back yard . 
  well if you 're asking people to be careful what they comment on to avoid the same repeated spiral of argument then you have a point . 
  if you 're asking for this type of article not to be posted then i do n't agree . 
  yes please . 
  if only the clock could be turned back to before the [ eternal september . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternal_september ) . 
  the internet was a much better place . 
  ( ok i 'm not that mean ) . 
  it is a big deal , no ? 
  perhaps french people will be able to answer this - is it possible this is somewhat of a protest vote where people are unhappy with french politics and voting for the national front as a protest in an election they do n't consider to be too important , and if it came to a more important one they 'd return to the two more sane parties ? 
  luxembourg really does need a kicking . 
  the snp , despite how much i do n't like them , are not batshit mental to the same degree that i understand the national front are ... 
  is there perhaps a silver lining that the nutjobs have won an election in a way that 's unlikely to do lasting harm but likely to put enough of a spotlight on them that people realise how bad they are ? 
  the french regional elections are important of course but not so much as others . 
  just in case you 're unaware , the laws in scotland are different to the laws in the rest of the united kingdom . 
  you fucking spanner . 
  yes it is, 
  if you wanted a reasonable comparison , ask the south if they want to join the uk and ask the north if they want to join the republic . 
  or ask the north if they want the south to join the uk and ask the south if they want the north to join them . 
  what they 've asked here is if the south want to basically stay the same but add in the north , while asking the north if they want to leave the u.k.and join the south . 
  they 're no longer fleeing syria when they 've fled syria . 
  lithuania is not a war zone . 
  not at my expense , thanks . 
  i 'll gladly help refugees fleeing war , but not this . 
  lithuania is their new homeland . 
  tell me about the wars going on there that forced them to leave ? 
  absolutely fascinating . 
  best 3.5 minutes i 've spent this week !, 
  [ appropriate link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bt00gb4abs ), 
  i 've never understood why the french seem to look down on roast beef . 
  if it 's done properly it 's wonderful . 
  can the bear eat them at least ? 
  i prefer the madrid one with the bear and the apples . 
  i think he can reach some of them so i 'm picturing the happy bear munching on apples . 
  yum . 
  thanks ... we scraped through the first one , hopefully we can get a much bigger no vote this time around and put it to bed for a long while . 
  larger than average !, 
  i 'd imagine you have large feet because you 're taller than average . 
  itt : europeans want to punish britain for voting for brexit . 
  how else could they respond in english when we try to speak french to them :(, 
  do you understand the difference between a lot of vietnamese criminals , and a lot of vietnamese being criminals ? 
  are you going to threaten to beat me to near death with 10 of your friends too ? 
  that 's literally you - threatening to beat people up on the internet . 
  they never were any good , but the point is that it 's up to them to be shite if they want and not up to the state to censor . 
  self important whinger much ? 
  they did n't , they conceded that scotland ca n't block it . 
  which shows this up for the publicity stunt that it was . 
  the snp have conceded that brexit needs to happen . 
  so my view is they should be doing all they can to particpate and form a soft-brexit group in parliament to make sure that the hard brexit mps ca n't pass their vision of mercantile britain . 
  the leader of the opposition is fucking useless , has completely lost the support of his own party and is accused quite credibly of being pro-brexit , so he 's going to do nothing . 
  i mean we 're right here , but we deep fry everything and go topless if the sun breaks through the clouds . 
  if you 're going to be like that we 'd end up taking sweden , denmark , czech republic with us . 
  maybe the dutch , maybe more . 
  the eu will integrate more when people feel it 's a good idea .
