  that 's really the point i was making , anti gay marriage is an `` acceptable '' opinion to hold now , while 20 years ago anti gay was `` acceptable '' . 
  as opinions evolve it will become broadly viewed as intolerant to suggest that there should be a difference in law between gay and straight marriages , but we 're not there yet . 
  until then i want to foster as many arguments about it as possible , as i believe many , many people have n't given it enough thought and over time they 'll realise they have no right to impose their beliefs on other people , and no real reason to hate gay people . 
  i do n't think you should hate them for holding a view that 's wrong . 
  it 's a hateful view not a hateful person . 
  to me someone saying they are n't homophobic and they 're all for gay people , but they do n't think marriage is right ... sounds awful much like `` i like black people but i would n't want one for a neighbour '' or `` i treat my slaves very well , make sure they 're educated and well fed . 
  i 'm in favour of slaves rights . '', 
  i think i 'm stretching the point a bit , but i think it fundamentally comes down to this ... either they are equal or they are not . 
  anything that is n't equality can be dressed up as tolerance but it 's not . 
   as someone who 's lgbt you 're a gay lesbian trans and bisexual ? 
  / flippant ( i know what you meant :p ) i 'm unhappy there are so many , but i 'm pleased the issue is coming to a collision . 
  the repressive bigoted views of homophobes are clashing with the views of people who recognise that either people are equal , or who recognise it 's not up to us to impose our beliefs on others . 
  the issue bubbled under for years and a nice big argument about it is going to start changing a lot of people 's minds . 
   i 'm completely for gay rights and equal treatment  do n't think gay people are entitled to marriage  gay people are not entitled to benefits provided for married straight couples they 're either equal or they are not . 
  do n't pretend you 're not a homophobic bigot . 
  as much as i have tried to reason that response - perhaps i can at least understand it somewhat even if i can not agree ... 
  i can not see any reason in it . 
  either it matters what gender the people in a relationship are - and you 're a bigot . 
  or it does n't matter . 
  one and the same - anti gay marriage is the `` acceptable '' face of homophobia . 
  or at least acceptable to some . 
  ironically this `` where are the news articles '' post is getting way more upvotes than the actual news article about the protests . 
  the french police say 150k , the organisers say 1mil . 
  those numbers would make those pics credible . 
  the pics do n't appear to be from a news source so i do n't think we 'll see them in an article . 
   police estimate that up to 150,000 people joined marches that converged on the city centre , but organisers put the figure close to one million . 
  fucking hell that 's a lot of people against it . 
  is it really such a divisive issue in france , are these protests solely about gay marriage or are there other issues also being protested ... is it perhaps a protest against hollande ? 
  haha !, 
  yeah . 
  corrected , ta . 
  i think it 's pretty shameful that gay pride marches [ edit : still have to ] exist . 
  hopefully in 100 years or so people will look back and ask why people felt the need to march . 
  i think at least in my lifetime in the uk the lgbt community will fade away as it no longer becomes necessary to provide support , because they are no longer oppressed as a minority . 
  how dare you say religion is for sale !, 
  that 's deeply offensive to my imaginary friend . 
   `` her own pocket '' benefited greatly from this considering the high pay and numerous benefits our mps enjoy . 
  hmm . 
  indirectly ... which is why i 'm so pleased . 
  in the uk we struggle to do anything unless they 've got a big sack with swag written on it , and a mask on . 
  politician is dodgy - not unusual . 
  politician misappropriates funds - not unusual . 
  politician directs funds to special interests in favour of politician - not unusual . 
  politician goes to jail - extremely unusual public support politician - extremely unusual in the uk the only mps to go to jail so far fiddled their expenses for the benefit of their own pocket . 
  nobody even considers jail as a possibility for this type of fiddle . 
  and mps are hated as a result . 
  edit : i should say , well done france . 
  this type of corruption is what kills democracy . 
  it 's far far more important to get this than most of the other things that go on . 
  hopefully this is the start of a long chain of mps getting jailed for being crooks . 
  nothing unpleasant . 
  beef olives are commonplace , topside of beef wrapped around a thick sausage , and cooked in the oven , or boiled in gravy stock . 
  haggis olives are the same idea , but instead of a normal sausage , it 's a haggis sausage . 
  haggis is just spiced sheep bits - the same as a sausage is spiced pork bits . 
  i ate some aldi haggis olives tonight . 
  awesome . 
  i 'm surprised for you to be honest , the coverage you get about the whole bailout thing i thought was unfairly negative - i guess people see through it . 
  also i had some nuremberg sausages for the first time this evening , and they were very nice . 
  so i 'm feeling very positive indeed towards germany , 
  think of it as `` the boy who cried wolf '' . 
  if someone comes here and wants to `` discuss '' race issues , and they 're a / r/niggers / poster then i 'm not going to waste my time . 
  i do n't really have a cause being served there , other than saving the effort and frustration in arguing with someone who is trolling . 
  i do agree that ad hominem is n't exactly the best way to argue , however for certain people it 's best just to ignore them . 
  ad hominem is n't always wrong . 
  i think he means the racists . 
  have a look at [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1etn5l/multiculturalism_failing_stockholm_suburbs/ca3r1rs ) for examples of what i honesty did n't know was happening until i read it . 
  congratulations germany  the uk are in third . 
  interestingly the three eu countries listed - germany , uk and france all come in higher than the eu in general . 
  it may be best to avoid using the word multiculturalism , and instead ask the same questions without reference to it . 
  i think it 's a word that 's picking up quite a bit of loading and it 's not understood in the same way by most people . 
  this is rather surreal . 
  i 've seen a bit of racism here , but i felt that it was n't harmful . 
  * people being openly racist and being `` funny '' about it . 
  their comments just languished , hidden because of downvotes and they were ignored . 
  * people being a little backward in their attitudes - perhaps how i think society used to be 30 years ago , and i think by discussion these people 's views may evolve * the odd sarcastic comment where the poster means the opposite if i have any complaints about up and down votes in this subreddit it 's really just on euroscepticism , people seem to hit the down button instinctively , but even that i feel has gone now and i just did n't feel there was any problem at all here until i read your post here jb . 
  edit : actually i have just noticed something . 
  jb 's post has 61 upvotes but 19 downvotes . 
  that means 19 people felt what he posted detracted from the conversation - which just is n't fucking true at all . 
  what it actually means is 19 people disagreed with him , but not only that but they 're fucking idiots and do n't understand reddiquette and think the downvote is the `` disagree button '' . 
  too much of that sadly . 
   the double irish arrangement is a tax avoidance strategy that multinational corporations use to lower their corporate tax liability . 
  the strategy uses payments between related entities in a corporate structure to shift income from a higher-tax country to a lower-tax country . 
  it relies on the fact that irish tax law does not include u.s. transfer pricing rules . 
  [ 1 ] specifically , ireland uses territorial taxation , and hence does not levy taxes on income booked at subsidiaries of irish companies that are outside of the state . 
  in the late 1980s , apple inc. was among the pioneers in creating this tax structure that 's straight from wikipedia . 
  ireland knows about the loophole and does n't close it because it 's in ireland 's interests , because it allows them to take a smaller amount of tax while helping multinationals avoid tax in other countries . 
   my only interest is to protect well being of my nation do n't lecture me on morals when you 're coming out with shite like that . 
  i think you 're trying to make this a uk vs roi thing . 
  it is n't . 
  where the uk are doing something wrong i do not approve and i want it fixed . 
  check my posting history to see recent comments from me on my doubts that david cameron has any intent , and also on me saying the non-dom issue needs to get fixed because we 're a tax haven on that . 
  however i think you 're engaged in what someone from northern ireland said gets called `` whataboutery '' over there . 
  ireland facilitates tax avoidance , and apparently everybody but ireland are willing to admit it . 
  your response seems to be what about the famine . 
  if the financial system is so immoral - why are you against it for the uk but in favour for ireland ? 
  then you know what the problem is , and why ireland are facilitating it . 
  i 'm saying otherwise , as is everybody else . 
  look up double irish and you 'll see why ireland are knowingly assisting many companies avoid paying a fair rate of tax . 
   old habits apparently die hard in the united kingdom  i do get a good laugh out of seeing a british person think they can bully us . 
   after your country butchering and raping a quarter of the planet for the last few hundred years that 's all just super relevant to what we 're discussing and i 'm sure it does n't in any way colour your views .
