  if they were n't subject to the austrian empire , it was the reich , and then the ussr . 
  it 'd be a shame if they went too social democrat . 
  you do not have the right not to be offended . 
  freedom of speech is n't just for the speech you like . 
  harassment is a different thing , incitement to violence is another - things i do n't support . 
  prejudicial treatment too . . 
  however i do n't want to live in a world where death threats and bombs are sent to cartoon artists , or where books are burned by militant religious nut jobs . 
  do n't like it ? 
  ignore it . 
  if you ca n't ignore it then it 's probably illegal . 
  oh , indeed it does depend on who is in power . 
  the czechs are due to change over to a more left leaning government it seems and it seems they will sign up to a tax . 
  :( hopefully it wo n't happen to them , my sympathy if it does , i really like the czech republic . 
  interesting question . 
  the media here generally only reports what the german government is saying rather than opposition to them . 
  not that i particularly disagree with merkel and co , the incredibly positive approval ratings she enjoys are well deserved - just a shame she does n't develop a little bit of scepticism for the euro . 
  ( i do n't suppose you fancy taking david cameron in exchange , germans ? ), 
  indeed - nice link . 
  it 's pretty much a list of which countries i agree and disagree with politically , although i 'm surprised and disappointed by austria being on the wrong side . 
  good . 
  the eu tax is monumentally stupid and we do n't want to be hurt by it . 
  the un is a colossal , ineffective failure . 
  i 'm sure book is a racist hate rag , but let 's not start book burning . 
  console yourself that at least it was n't the talleyrand plan , 
  is it maybe because it 's a crosspost ? 
  this is the very first bad thing i 've heard about the czech republic - and it 's untrue !, 
  rather than the ikea chair ... let me put it this way ... a father sits with his children at the kitchen table . 
  his children are well fed and they are wearing new , fashionable clothes . 
  the kitchen has modern shining appliances , and is state of the art . 
  there is a thump at the door , and the father opens it . 
  there stand the police with the bailiffs who have a warrant to seize and sell the family 's possessions . 
  the family is left with next to nothing . 
  as the bailiff 's van drives away the man shakes his fist at the van and shouts abuse at it . 
  in the preceding years the man has , for the good of his children , with the best will in the world borrowed and borrowed to provide the best for them . 
  to me he is the politician blaming the ratings agencies . 
  going back to the ikea chair ... if you bought the chair then you have to follow the instructions ... if you did n't want to then you should n't have bought it . 
  if you did n't want to ~ ~ follow the instructions ~ ~ placate the ratings agencies , then you should n't have ~ ~ bought an ikea chair ~ ~ borrowed from the markets . 
  the logical conclusion of what you 're saying then is that debt does n't matter and should n't be avoided . 
  i do agree that debt is n't in itself a bad thing , however crippling debt is . 
  growth is the best way out of debt , inflation erodes debt in real terms too . 
  qe is n't a great thing though , it 's in some ways a regressive tax . 
  the effect of qe is to lower the value of every # in circulation . 
  to lower the wage in real terms of every person in the country . 
  in the uk qe has caused ( or at least contributed to ) a real dip in earnings for most people . 
  the way to grow is to increase supply . 
  real growth comes from productivity - economic growth is supply led . 
  i do n't seek to make that claim at all . 
  markets are selfish but also soulless - they 're neither good nor evil , simply mechanisms and they need to be operated for the benefit of people . 
  blaming the mechanism is dishonest of politicians - it 's not the market , it 's the way the market is used . 
  the answer is n't for politicians to stop caring so much about the ratings agencies and markets , they 've painted themselves into that corner and they now answer to them . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't know that he does make a good point - other than what i 've acknowledged already . 
  paragraph 1 and 2 of what he says are just platitudes . 
  paragraph 3 is what i disagree with . 
  paragraph 4 is more platitudes . 
  the direct quote in blue ... he 's not wrong but the people 's feelings are wrong . 
  the eu does need to worry about the dry technical concerns . 
  the people need to understand that if the markets lose faith in a country then that country has a spiralling problem . 
  i 'd like him to explain that yes the people are right that empathy is n't being shown , and that the meps need to explain themselves to the people - although i think they 've tried to , but the media is n't interested in those explanations - at least in the uk they are n't . 
  paragraph 5 i do n't know what he 's trying to say - or what the journal are saying he 's trying to say paragraph 6,7,8 he 's right - but again he 's not saying anything . 
  it 's just more platitudes and pandering . 
  you 're not going to get a politician that stands up and says `` who cares about unemployment , stuff the women and stuff the public . '', 
  anybody and everybody can show sympathy/empathy if there 's nothing else being done . 
  so i disregard the paragraphs in the article which are just platitudes and i 'm left with 3 paragraphs . 
  1 ) ( paragraph 3 ) the eu needs to understand the ratings agencies are hurting the people , and are unelected 2 ) ( direct quote ) the eu has n't cared enough for the people but instead has cared about the ratings agencies and markets 3 ) ( paragraph 5 )  the irish president said that , in relation to issues like unemployment , the european union can not afford to place its singular trust in a version of a logistical , economic theory whose assumptions are `` questionable and indifferent '' to social consequences . 
  from context my guess is that he 's saying the eu can not trust in what the ratings agencies or markets say , they should instead care about the people - which in my opinion is a false dichotomy because by making sure the markets do not lose faith you do care about the people and you do try to limit unemployment . 
  ok , i think we 're getting somewhere . 
  let 's stick with apples and i 'll see if i can get you to understand  assuming people had 100 to spend on 100 apples , and suddenly they had 200 ... then the price of apples would quickly become # 2 . 
  quick enough that economics does n't account for the time it takes . 
  the inflation was n't the price going up . 
  it was the extra 100 in the market . 
  the apple seller now has 200 to spend , rather than 100 . 
  so he buys an extra loaf of bread , an extra joint of beef and an extra keg of beer . 
  so the next day the price of all of those items has gone up just a little bit because of the extra demand from the apple seller , because of the extra 100 he had . 
  or what if he did n't put the price up . 
  he sold all of his apples for # 1 , and the people who buy apples still had # 100 left between them . 
  they might go and spend their money on beef , beer and bread and the increased demand would push the price of them up . 
  leading on from those the baker , butcher and brewer would then have extra money in their pocket because of the price going up ... and after a few cycles it would be clear that there were still 100 apples being sold , still 5 kegs of beer and 20 joints of beef and 40 loaves , but the price of all of them had gone up . 
  that 's inflation . 
  not because the prices going up , but because the value of the currency has gone down - the prices going up is just a symptom and it 's a common way to measure it . 
  inflation is n't caused that way - price rises are , but they are not inflation ( although often used as a measure ) . 
  inflation is simply where more currency is needed in order to purchase the same `` worth '' . 
  for example if the demand for apples is greater than supply - let 's say apples become very fashionable , and apple trees are affected by a new mutated fungus strain - then the price of apples will rise . 
  if you measure inflation solely on the price of apples you 'll mistakenly think that there has been inflation . 
  however in the same example if everybody bought apples costing # 1 and someone created a whole batch of fake # 1 coins , then inflation would result because there was now a whole lot more money around . 
  giant conglomerates are competition and if goldman sachs is seen to be buying sovereign debt at a big profit margin then someone else will buy it for a shade less . 
  i do n't work in investment - i am linked to it because i obtain my funding from a pot of money which would be used to buy debt . 
  the opportunity cost determines what rate i have to pay for the funding , and at the moment i 'm charged between 0.5 and 1 % before risk factoring , so if there really was such an attractive deal in slovenian sovereign debt then i 'd not be able to obtain money at that price . 
  i appreciate you 've given a proper response now - and that does add to the discussion . 
  as for the video i 'm currently watching it , and i 'm about to stop , i 'm 9 and a half minutes in and it 's already completely wrong - unless he 's trying to demonstrate that the simple conception of money is wrong ... `` all federal spending is simply changing numbers up in our bank accounts '' is just wrong . 
  yet he 's not mentioned that increasing the money supply directly causes inflation which is why governments ca n't simply do it and instead borrow from the market . 
  he 's also talking about when i write a cheque the federal reserve keeps the score ... 
  i have to assume he 's using the wrong information as a teaching tool in the same way that we 're told about light waves etc. 
  i have the feeling he 's going to try to explain fractional reserve banking and/or quantitative easing ... 
  ultimately though sovereign debt is real , sovereign governments can default - although for a modern economy it would be a real cataclysm . 
  the reason why debt auctions reach 7 % is because nobody is willing to buy the debt at a lower price . 
  there is plenty of money to buy that debt , but it 's unwilling to do so because of the risk involved . 
  i lend money at between 2-5 percent , and that 's secured on a tangible asset . 
  my margin is around 1 % at the low end where there 's no risk and around 2 % where there is risk , after factoring for risk . 
  if there really was a 7 % risk free loan then i could n't buy funds at the 0.5-1 % i buy them at , because the money i want to buy would be lent to slovenia .
