  i meant to say hundreds of millions - if you include other areas . 
  it does a lot of harm to be honest . 
  the small number of people who make it here and claim asylum are massively offset by the people raped , robbed murdered by people traffickers or who die on the way here . 
  by accepting people we 're actively encouraging more people to try to come here and go through the horrible ordeal . 
  we could instead spend the money making things better for more people in north africa . 
  we might as well be handing out money at one side of a minefield , encouraging people to cross . 
  until we do something in north africa and can send people there then we have no answer . 
  granting asylum for a tiny percentage of the hundreds of people suffering under war does almost no good . 
  simon brodkin is a snivelling cunt and i 'm certain this was a publicity stunt to benefit his crappy career . 
  he does a programme on minor bbc channels which is decidedly unfunny . 
  it 's basically sneering at working class people . 
  [ he does this type of shite all the time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simon_brodkin#controversy ) . 
  in principle i 'm against spying - but how do i tell what the best option is ? 
  these people absorb more than what european nations are willing to give in aid leaving no desire to help out where they come from . 
  thousands of people die in war torn hell holes and we encourage only their young men to make an incredibly dangerous trip and reward the small number that get here with benefits . 
  the only answer is to recognise that our policy of only helping the ones we can see and letting hundreds of millions suffer is evil . 
  we need to take every single asylum seeker to sudan until they stop coming . 
  meanwhile we need to deal with the issues in africa caused by religion , warlords and medieval culture . 
  the problem with debt relief is that greece is completely untrustworthy with reforms . 
  even the imf say that a cause of the failure of the bailouts is the improper implementation . 
  after the stunt tsipras pulled with the referendum , and the way the greek people voted to reject terms they later accepted then i 'd not be going for a haircut unless i was certain it was going to be the final answer to this . 
  i would hope that germany and the rest will by now realise debt relief is necessary and i hope they can find some way to implement it and have greece in a position where they ca n't vote it away later or just not bother doing it . 
  if greece is given a debt haircut then the way greece has been run with past and current governments the first thing they 'd look to do is spend money and before long a second haircut would be needed . 
   with all that said , you ca n't really blame a child then why say it ? 
  it 's pleasing to see the comments here all see through the shit journalism and slacktivist twitter cunts . 
  back when i was a student i used to give blood then drink heavily afterwards . 
  much fun was had !, 
  i heartily recommend substance abuse of any kind following giving blood . 
  ( seriously though if you give blood you 'll get smashed much faster , please be careful ! ), 
  it 's a rather significant thing . 
  once all the effects of the iron curtain are gone there will be little benefit in saying eastern europe/western europe . 
  we 're not there yet . 
  i 'm getting a bit tired of the nationalist butthurt from eastern europoean redditors though . 
  the greeks buying property in germany have beaten both greece and germany . 
  they 've benefitted from the bailouts , and walked away with their money while the rest of greece pays the price . 
  and how would they divide it if they had two choices - east or west ? 
  that 's the way we 've divided europe for most of my life , and i get that people have national pride and want to move up in the world but it 's still a useful distinction . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'm really just making the point that even if it 's 14 out of any number it 's a huge amount . 
  you 're quite right that it 's bad journalism . 
  these would seem to be people who have travelled to greece to get involved in the violence . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  even 14 out of 25 is an extremely large number . 
  because of two reasons . 
  the statistic we use is not helpful ... but also so they can whitewash it away . 
  everything is troika is it ? 
  ca n't you see it 's a complex situation with lots of contributing factors , rather than a fucking pantomime with the villain of the peace ? 
   first of all , the average greek does not tax evade . 
  a salaried employee can not do that . 
  the majority of tax evasion is from big corps , and rich guys like doctors and lawyers . 
  some small shop owners do that too , but that 's far from saying `` part of greek identity '' . 
  the average greek does tax evade . 
  vat compliance in greece is very poor - that 's why greeks were urging tourists to ask for a receipt . 
  vat avoidance being a way of life does not equate to fat lazy cunts . 
  lay off the melodrama . 
  everything is troika is it ? 
  ca n't you see it 's a complex situation with lots of contributing factors , rather than a fucking pantomime with the villain of the peace ? 
   first of all , the average greek does not tax evade . 
  a salaried employee can not do that . 
  the majority of tax evasion is from big corps , and rich guys like doctors and lawyers . 
  some small shop owners do that too , but that 's far from saying `` part of greek identity '' . 
  the average greek does tax evade . 
  vat compliance in greece is very poor - that 's why greeks were urging tourists to ask for a receipt . 
  it does n't matter if you believe in it or not . 
  the important thing is to believe you have no right to force your views on others . 
  pineapple on pizza is an abomination , but if people want to keep doing it then let them . 
  the freedoms we enjoy should not be judged on how much we like the idea . 
  just my memory i 'm afraid . 
  yes it was . 
  i remember discussion about our economic cycle not being in line with continental europe and giving up the levers to control it being damaging for the uk - essentially giving up some fiscal control was deemed to be bad . 
  it was , of course , framed in the usual populist/nationalist spin . 
  i was n't really being serious , sorry if it came off that way . 
  monetary union without fiscal union wo n't work . 
  the only solution is for greece and other countries to surrender their sovereignty - or leave the eurozone . 
  that 's why the uk did not join . 
  fine france for being so lazy and selfish every time a migrant boards a lorry . 
  i 've heard it 's very nice there . 
  slacktivisim from circle jerking cunts on twitter . 
  using ` western europe ' and ` eastern europe ' causes a lot of angry poles in this subreddit . 
  however it 's still fairly useful . 
  it wo n't be too long though before it 's no longer a worthwhile description . 
  it seems we 'll end up with north europe being scandinavia . 
  south being spain/italy/greece / etc. 
  west being france , germany , uk , benelux etc. 
  and since nobody admits to being in eastern europe we 'll get central europe ( which everybody will realise is a euphemism for eastern europe ) . 
  during the scottish referendum last year i continually warned that if scotland left the uk , then it is very likely we would remain in the eu and transition from being part of the uk to being a new eu state - but on eu terms . 
  i said that the exemptions , vetoes and rebates that the uk had would be ripped up when it came to scotland and we 'd be entering without any concessions to the cap , cfp etc. 
  i said the other eu states would be in an extremely strong negotiating position and scotland would be in a very weak one , and we would have to make every concession and get a bad deal . 
  i 'm thinking my point is now amply demonstrated . 
  as for the uk membership . 
  i think we should remain in the eu but i 've not been enthusiastic about it . 
  in some ways i think the greek thing has been enlightening but in other ways it shows how cynical the other eu states are . 
  the eu is no paradise . 
  i know germany got a bad reputation from all of this but there 's plenty of smaller nations who were happy for germany to `` stick it to greece '' . 
  if the uk was not already in the eu then i would oppose us joining . 
  for me ( and it may be down to british education ) the french revolution was a horrific thing where masses of people were murdered by kangaroo courts . 
  i understand the eventual result of it is the modern french republic and clearly that 's something to celebrate how does france come to terms with the terror and the things that happened before the thermidorian coup when celebrating bastille day ? 
  we 'd go straight from the uk to the eu . 
  we 're half-in half-out at the moment because we 're not in the ez , we have cap and cfp rebates and special rules . 
  we 'd lose all of that and be just another small nation to be dictated to by the bigger eu nations .
