  hollande are certainly not far left . 
  [ this is how i understand it . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hard_left ) in any case , whatever hollande is i consider to be left , and in my experience it 's the left who cause a rise in the extreme left/right . 
  i do n't think so , support for independence is low - around 30-35 % . 
  it 's nothing like a car engine dying going up a mountain . 
  what ? 
  as i 've said later on there 's no reason at all why both the uk and the eu would n't want trade agreements , we had one before , it 's what we wanted from europe and both sides benefit . 
  it 's always the case that the hard left make the extremists look good . 
  also that picture has marine le pen surrounded by cocks . 
  ireland is riddled with religion . 
  they 've fallen out with the roman church because of the sickening systemic abuse of thousands of children , but they 're still far more socially backward than the rest of europe . 
  that said there 's plenty of fair minded people in ireland , and hopefully they 'll win and it 'll be another nail in the coffin of homophobia . 
  are all your insult attempts going to fall flat on their face ? 
  surely you can pull something off , other than yourself ? 
  you 're a fat bigoted child ? 
  is that the point you 're trying to make ? 
  scotland won that battle . . it was the french/highlander/manchester / irish army that lost . 
   we 're also a net importer from the eu . 
  so that would be a net loss to ~ ~ us . ~ ~ them . 
  fixed that for you ... 
  if we were a net exporter to the eu then it would be a net loss to us . 
  if they put import duties on us we 'd put them on them . 
  eu trade to the uk is more # than uk trade to the uk ( there 's not much in it ) . 
  if they put tariffs on us they 'd lose out too . 
  we 'd also be free of the eus current protectionist policies , which is the point , the rest of the world is a bigger market and growing market than the eu , and it 's already more important to the uk than the eu is . 
  it 's not for free . 
  do n't you understand trade ? 
  they sell us stuff and we sell them stuff . 
  if they stop us selling them stuff then of course they ca n't sell us stuff . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  how about you take your racist language and go take a fuck to yourself you cunt ? 
  hoping ? 
  they stand to benefit from a trade treaty as much as we do . 
  surely you do n't think that the only thing there is to the eu is customs policy ? 
  nobody is that catastrophically ignorant . 
  have you even heard of the cfp or cap ? 
  we negotiate only as far as we want . 
  and of course there are sacrifices - there 's massive benefits though . 
  what makes you think we ca n't have customs arrangements with the eu ? 
  it 's in both of our interests . 
  it would free the federalists in the eu to dissolve their countries into a superstate - which would continue to look inwards and impose anti-competitive protectionist trade polices , and punitive taxes against the villain of the day ( ftt ) . 
  anti-democratic abominations like the lisbon treaty would continue and regardless of the will of the people in the eu they 'd be forced closer and closer in fiscal and political union . 
  in order to get a fair return on the money they 've lent to the southern countries , the northern countries would extract wealth from the southern . 
  where you have a country which has a wealthy central area ( think london in the ukp ) then this will gravitate to germany/holland/france and poverty will increase in the southern states . 
  defence would remain as is . 
  trident would be an absolute certainty as the uk moved closer to the us . 
  eu defence would be unaffected . 
  immigration to the uk from the eu would be cut . 
  the uk could then control immigration policy and try to ensure the ` right ' immigrants came . 
  this also of course reduces ` good ' immigrants , so it 's unclear if it would be a good thing . 
  it does avoid the romania/bulgaria problem - however nobody knows if it 's going to be a real problem or not . 
  the decades long split in the conservative party in the uk would be over . 
  ukip would have no purpose and would end up joining the tories - who would shift to the right . 
  there 's a reasonable chance that some tories wouild go to labour or libdems . 
  it might cause a shake up . 
  the eurosceptics within the eu - the wise countries like the scandinavians , some of the baltic states , the czech republic would be doomed to break from the eu themselves or continue to be sucked towards union . 
  without the uk 's influence they 'd have much less weight behind them . 
  it 'd be bittersweet for me . 
  i love europe and europeans , i do not like the eu and i think it 's bad for everyone . 
  my country would be out , but without us there to help the rest of europe would spiral towards a massive mistake . 
  why ? 
  europe sells shitloads to us , we sell shitloads to them , neither side will want to stop selling . 
  it is illiberal , but as i said you could make an argument that it 's the opposite . 
  not one i believe in , but my point is that it could be painted as protecting people from oppression . 
  it 's a ban on minarets rather than on structures that block views ... that 's why i do n't agree with it . 
  the problem many european countries have is that many muslims have immigrated in , however they have not integrated and they 've formed their own cultures within , this leads to tensions . 
  there 's areas of london for example where it 's mainly muslim , and there are several places in the continent the same . 
  most of it is overblown and islamophobia is n't really as bad as people make out , but there 's at least a reasonable reason to be concerned . 
  it 's not healthy for a society to have such distinct and separate groups . 
  you could argue that muslim women who wear the whole postbox outfit are repressed . 
  they 're encouraged by a backwards culture to cover themselves up so that they ca n't interact with society at large . 
  some places prevent it - you ca n't be an effective teacher for example if you ca n't impart facial expressions/body language . 
  motorcycle helmets have to come off in banks - it 's not reasonable to wear that outfit . 
  it 's not a core tenet of islam either , as far as i understand , it 's just part of the backward misogynistic culture from the middle east . 
  i think it 's a questionable view - but i do understand it . 
  if i believed that every woman in one of those burkas was doing it because of pressure from their family and they did n't really want to then i 'd be behind the ban . 
  however i do n't think it 's the case , so i think the ban should only be where it 's necessary not to have the face covered . 
  the ban on minarets is even less easy to support . 
  however as far as i understand people feel threatened by a religion which quite literally is changing the landscape . 
  i do n't support the ban . 
  however i think if i looked out of my window and could see nothing but ugly religious symbols i 'd be upset too . 
  in the uk we have planning laws which prevent people putting imposing structures up which may affect your view , or block it , or intrude into your privacy . 
  i do n't think i could support any that specifically targeted religions , however in priciple i 'm in favour of laws that protect people 's property from nasty garish imposing extensions on other people 's houses . 
  you also need to remember that switzerland is a very compact country , unlike the us ( or at least most of the us - think manhattan island ) so the effect might be more than you may expect . 
  you can make a very strong argument that anti-religious laws are there to oppose theocracy and oppressive religions . 
  i 'm not wholly convinced , but i think it 's flippant to put anti-religious laws down immediately as illiberal . 
  the article overstates , but is n't wrong about things in the uk . 
  the last regime was very repressive as far as freedom of speech is concerned , perhaps partly because blair is a catholic now , and the current regime has n't done much to help . 
  united kingdom . 
  it got it right ... 
  very interesting though is the statistics on the questions - which countries are bigots , and which are religious etc. 
  why are you arguing against gm crops then ? 
  that 's a ridiculous short term view . 
  the more scientific research that europe does the better the world gets . 
  that 's historical fact . 
  look at big pharma . 
  sure they 're a bunch of scumbags and they extract every gramme of profit they can - but in a relatively short time patents expire and generics appear . 
  we do the research in europe , companies benefit from the patent and make a fortune , and a few years down the line the world benefits . 
  you seem to want to ban research because people might make a profit from it . 
  the khmer rouge would approve .
