  oh dear i thought romanians were slavs but now it seems there 's east and west and south slavs and romania is in the middle but not slav . 
  romania is post-soviet - but a lot more post than moldova is . 
  romanians are not gypsies . 
  some gypsies are romanian . 
  i thought roma meant gypsy from romania . 
  it now seems it means gypsy from eastern/central europe . 
  i 'm also now realising that romanians ( and possibly other nationalities ) feel that gypsies or roma or whatever i 'm supposed to call them are a distinct nationality and regardless if they 're from romania they 're not the same as romanians . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about that one , i 'm not a fan of ethnic nationalists and do n't really care about it . 
  i 'm not trolling and i 'm not trying to make you mad . 
  if you look at my other posts here i 'm just asking questions . 
  i 'm from scotland and i do n't come across many romanian people so i really do n't know . 
  further up the thread you said i did , or i should have googled . 
  it might be something you know about but where i 'm from they 're all known colloquially as `` tinks '' ( short for tinkers ) and nobody has a good word to say about it . 
  and at the same time we all know we 're not supposed to say anything bad or we 'll be racist so they 're never discussed . 
  non-gypsy romanians are romanians . 
  roma is a name for romanian gypsies - or so i thought . 
  if there was genocide proposed against the gypsies then i would oppose it ... but not particularly cheerfully . 
  they 're evil scum and they raise evil scum , steal children , ignore laws , bully anyone that does n't submit to them ... 
  it 'd be great if someone could come up with a way to deal with the problem without going against basic human rights . 
  i know i 'm not supposed to call `` irish travellers '' gypsies , so i assumed that it was the same with romanian gypsies ... 
  i do n't know any more ... 
  love the french bodyguard acting the hard man shouting `` move away '' at the guy already moving away . 
  i do n't mean the two are interchangeable , but i thought gypsies from romania are called roma . 
  being called english does n't bother me , i 'm 1/8th english , and they 're part of the united kingdom . 
  i understand that many people use england and uk as the same thing , i ca n't be bothered with petty nationalism . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i thought roma meant romanian ? 
  i wonder if anyone ever has anything good to say about gypsies . 
  i do n't know that we could really see this as a link between invention and patent applications . 
  my understanding of european patent trolling is that it 's companies in germany and luxembourg doing it - does that skew this graph ? 
  disappointed , yes , and rightly so . 
  however the world has never been a fair or nice place , might has always been right . 
  to have a fair world government where this kind of thing could not happen would mean the big powerful countries surrendering their national interest . 
  that 's not going to happen even in the democracies , never mind russia and china . 
  i hope the downvotes are because of the poor baltic drunk comments rather than the factually accurate comment that they 're not nordic . 
  the former soviet states seem to be climbing over each other to claim they 're anything but . 
  there indeed are overlaps - it 's pretty widely accepted that some people in the ruc had loyalist leanings , turned a blind eye or fed intel to the uvf and other loyalist paras . 
  however corrupt police is not in any way the same thing as britain directly funding the murder of irish citizens . 
  britain did not directly fund the uvf . 
  certainly money was raised for the uvf here - i 've seen it in person ( and for the ira ) , but the british state did not fund the uvf . 
  for anyone like myself who has n't been following this too closely , the good news is that the bookies are expecting a ` yes ' vote , so the evil filth will not get their way . 
  the odds are hugely in favour of the irish voting to say ` yes ' . 
  and not the continuation . 
  we are not going to succeed at seceding  my view is that we will eventually integrate more into a world government or a european government and the united kingdom stuff will be less and less important . 
  it 's already the case that we 've probably devolved most of what we want to as far as spending is concerned from the uk . 
  what 's remaining is tax and benefits . 
  if/when that 's devolved them the only remaining things would be things that are better done at the uk/eu level . 
  in the very near future independence will be a purely nationalist issue and not a political one . 
  eu membership very clearly does not pass to seceded states . 
  spain among others is very keen on that . 
  as a strong no voter i disagree , we absolutely would have got eu membership . 
  however it would be at a massive disadvantage to what we have now . 
  the cap , cfp , rebate etc would all screw us over . 
  our economy would be considerably worse though , there 's an 8bn hole in scottish finances and it 's only in a few of the past 15 years that oil revenues have been enough to close that . 
  independence was put to scotland as a very positive financial development and it the case was put that oil revenues would make us richer . 
  http://chokkablog.blogspot.co.uk/2015/05/it-doesnt-matter.html that 's a very good critique of independence - sadly the mainstream news and political parties in scotland and the uk as a whole seem entirely incapable of having a discussion around the issues and focus instead on personalities and salacious gossip . 
  increases division . 
  if you look at the post-election map of the uk it appears to be maggie simpson . 
  england voted tory and scotland voted snp - our first past the post system causes that , it 's not quite so stark . 
  if you 've not seen it then think of the red and blue states post-election in the us . 
  texas may be a red state for example but there 's plenty of democrats there . 
  if the people that want independence at all costs could choose the government then they 'd choose a tory one because that 's most likely to result in malcontent in scotland and a push for a second referendum . 
  the only reason that really matters is separation from the corrupt , populist machine politics of westminster . 
  i believe that 's shortsighted and we 'd develop the same in scotland quickly which is why i do n't think independence is a solution to that problem . 
  there 's also nationalism and while there 's a lot of that about i do n't really believe it drives most of the population . 
  they 're very divisive . 
  i do n't know about minority either , there were plenty of them - although it does look as if they 're losing interest . 
  it 's those types that are pleased the tories got in because it furthers their ends , and it 's them that 's pleased when something bad happens to scotland because it 'll put a wedge into the union . 
  anyone who puts independence ahead of what 's good for our nation is an arsehole . 
  i disagree with people who think independence is a long term benefit to scotland but i do n't hate people for that . 
  i have nothing but contempt for the nationalists that seem to treat it like a team sport , mindlessly cheering on their side and attacking anyone they deem not to be on it . 
  there 's no difference between them and the stereotype rangers/britnat/unionist / orangeman . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what happens with the snp over the next few years . 
  to see if there 's a udi element within it , to see if there 's the type of splits that might happen if there 's people who view independence as a good idea , but effective governance as what they need to be doing versus the people who want independence at all costs . 
  they promised the greek people they could stay in the eurozone and avoid default , and avoid austerity measures . 
  they 've done little or nothing since getting into power except continue the rhetoric and the end result will be them walking away from the mess without the suffering the greek people will have to endure . 
  meanwhile they 've been beating the nationalist drum demanding war reparations for ww2 , cosying up to russia in blatant anti-eu moves as an implied threat . 
  worth remembering folks that while the greek government are a bunch of cunts the greek people are the ones that will suffer if it all goes wrong . 
  as much as what they 're doing is repellant it 's not a good idea to punish greece for it . 
  send the bill to the nazi state which no longer exists , or the nazis themselves who are almost all dead . 
  the modern german state has nothing to do with the third reich . 
  figures i 'd be interested to see are efficiency figures . 
  i know that right now we 're considerably less efficient than germany - they 're as good a benchmark as any . 
  but how were we in 1979 , 1989 , 1997 , 2005 and 2010 in comparison ? 
  ( before , during thatcher strart , and mid-blair and at the end of new labour ) . 
  i wonder if thatcher made us more efficient and blair eroded it . 
  or if the rot started with thatcher and the economic growth we had in the 80s and onwards was shite . 
  lots are n't . 
  however since the tories took over there 's not been a notable increase in ` bad ' jobs . 
  i was surprised to see it on fact check . 
  http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-dodgiest-claims-election-campaign/20859 now , however , is the right time to try to aim growth at the working poor . 
  i think it 'll trickle up . 
  the message that came across from the snp was that they 'd force the labour to the left , ending austerity . 
  they overstated the influence they 'd have in westminster . 
  you 're right about the tories though they were far worse than the snp . 
  that would explain the disparity then , and give credence to the views that snp rhetoric made english voters go tory . 
  i wonder if it 's something to do with their storming performance in the council elections but their poor performance in the mp election ? 
  edit : i should say it 's tinfoil hat bollocks of course , but i 'm just trying to explain why they might . 
  how dare he let a democratic vote settle a contentious issue . 
  what if people vote the wrong way .
