  if you 're out in benidorm or the like it seems you 'll run in to scammers who will set you up with it . 
  anecdotally a friend was over in ibiza , and one of his friends overdid it with pills and booze for a week and eventually collapsed . 
  when the medic came out he wanted 50 euros for a bit of paper saying it was ` poisoned fish ' . 
  i do n't believe that without the eu we 'd be at war within europe . 
  for me the biggest achievement is the single market . 
  i thought she was against equal marriage and was going to overturn it ? 
  as for racist , it 's the national front , she may not be openly racist ( or maybe she is for all i know about what she 's said ) but that party is and in my opinion that 's plenty . 
  it would have meant your system was n't stupid . 
  if you had a simple fptp system then le pen might have won the first round . 
  this way all the reasonable parties can unite against her . 
  you might think it 's dumb , but imagine what would have happened if le pen had won the first round , and then presumably lost today ? 
  this would be an excellent move , however there 's a problem with britain . 
  if we go down the route of a hard brexit then the tories will try to do what ireland has done and lure companies to a low tax haven . 
  i 'd rather we stayed in the eu , and i 'd rather the eu got aggressive with immoral tax havens like ireland , luxembourg , crown dependencies etc. 
  either we accept corporation tax is a competitive race to the bottom or we globally get together to crack down on it . 
  with that attitude after brexit the uk will cut corporation tax and ireland will be fucked . 
  if it comes down to every man for himself then the uk is far better placed for a low tax haven than ireland is . 
  hopefully that kind of shite can be avoided and we try and find some kind of way to do it that suits everybody , but with rampant nationalism like yours and pre-election sabre rattling from the tories , and other european heads then it 's little wonder . 
  that 's just pish . 
  do you really care though ? 
  that is kind of my point ? 
  i think that he has a case to answer . 
  i ca n't fathom why he 's being shipped off to the usa . 
  what 's the point you 're trying to make there ? 
  that they should n't be allowed to be there ? 
  some eurocrats have already tried that on ukip . 
  or is your point that they 're a load of nutters and they 've got a voice in the eu parliament ? 
  do you ever make reasonable comments or are your comments all just nationalistic bollocks bashing everybody else in europe ? 
  without exception i can not remember thinking anything positive about you , every post of yours i see makes me think you 're a penis . 
  erm , do you think you 're disagreeing with me ? 
  i do n't want him sent to the usa i want him tried in the uk . 
  we do n't need to team up politically for things like this , we just need to tell america to shove it . 
  norway is doing it and they 're the size of scotland ... we do n't need france and germany holding our hands . 
  i still believe he 's not going to america . 
  i believe the judge was right in ruling that he has a case to answer ( but not in the us ) . . but i think the extradition part will be overturned , simply because it 's wrong , as he has not committed a crime in the usa . 
  according to uk law he did . 
  it was a walled garden specifically for the purpose . 
  it was n't a content neutral site . 
  he ran a members only site where he made profit and controlled the content . 
  i did not say and do not think he should be extradited . 
  this is a low level ruling based on two things . 
  1 ) he likely broke british law 2 ) he should be extradited it will be appealed and i expect 1 ) to be upheld , because it 's right and 2 ) to be quashed . 
  that 's an incredibly common theme in european thinking . 
  europe is 1/4 of the world economy and shrinking ( in relative terms ) . 
  if you do stuff like that on a european level then all of europe loses . 
  europe right now is facing competitiveness problems vs latin america , asia and north america and non-eu european countries . 
  do you think china is content not to have a dominant financial sector ? 
  relatively , yes . 
  french folks ... assuming you dump sarkozy , who will replace him and what are they really like ? 
  financial war against the euro ? 
  conspiracy by ratings agencies ? 
  nonsense . 
  hungary is circling the drain , germany refuses to back bonds , spain and italy are deeply in trouble , greece still has n't been sorted out and needs a massive hair cut . 
  i do n't * want * there to be problems , but denying they exist is not going to help . 
  no solution for the euro crisis is the problem . 
  one of our comedians ( frankie boyle ) said `` nobody thought mel gibson could play a scot but look at him now !, 
  alcoholic and a racist ! '' . 
  i do n't know if europeans ` get ' the self deprecating british/scottish humour there but it 's one of the funniest things i 've ever heard . 
  have the decency to admit when you are wrong and people will respect you more for that than doggedly arguing while you try to change what you said . 
  the danes , czechs , swedes and british are being sensible . 
  the french have a general election next year and ca n't see past it , they 'll say or do literally anything if it gets them into power next year . 
  the germans are at a very difficult crossroads , they specifically feared this situation in joining the single currency , they are owed a great deal of money by the south of europe and they have to either underwrite the debt ( unthinkable ) or face collapse of the euro ( unthinkable ) . 
  when stresses like that are on the french and germans their bare faced national interest comes out and they go after that and that alone . 
  for a suicide pact of the dumb , excluding sweden , denmark , czech republic , uk , etc, 
  i think it 's a fair attempt at an alternative explanation . 
  posture all you like , we 'll veto any laws you try to impose on us . 
  i say let 's tax the germans hard over it , but make sure the tax money is spent in germany . 
  that way they can have their cake and eat it ... for about 6 months until their heavy industry ups and moves to asia . 
  we 've gone over this so much it 's really not worth going into it again . 
  there was a great big revelation when near minutes of the meeting were posted here and all the anti-uk folks in / r/europe were nowhere to be found . 
  now you 're back again blithely pretending things went the way you imagined them . 
  even if it does though it 'd a fucking cataclysm . 
  it 'd be the end of days for london and the uk would suffer a massive depression . 
  it 'd be strangling the goose , but it 's not ok if we get to keep the corpse . 
  it may not matter to you . . but it does matter to the uk . 
  the financial sector is a massive part of our economy and our most important export for hundreds of years . 
  this eu-wide tobin tax would be catastrophic for our financial sector . 
  being pro-european is a bit muddy . 
  i 'd say i was pro-european but i 'm not pro-eu . 
  i 'm also not pro-european in the sense that i 'd favour it over the rest of the world , in that sense i 'm pro-everybody apart from the despots and theocracies . 
  being pro-eu does n't mean you 're anti-uk , but it 's getting harder and harder to tell . 
  you 're still utterly wrong on this issue . 
  france and germany wanted to hack apart london in the hopes that they would benefit from the fallout . 
  if you expect that real politik was n't involved , and it was instead a crusade against morally wrong banking then your head is in the sand . 
  it 's fair but unwise . 
  all that 'll do is hump european and uk financial sectors in favour of the swiss , hong kong , new york etc. 
  what does that matter ? 
  the profit generated is for the services conducted by london . 
  it does n't matter where the ` raw materials ' or ` end product ' go to to or come from if you 're looking at it that way . 
  that 's what a global one would do , a european one would just see the activity move out of europe and take a lot of the financial sector with it . 
  work to live do n't live to work . . 
  i get around 7.5 weeks a year including public holidays . 
  rather bash germany to be honest . . they extended a great deal of credit to greece who squandered the money and it is now the greek poor that will be squeezed , harder and harder and harder over a very long time until the germans have their money back . 
  what a fascinating interview . 
  a pro-european stance that does n't set my teeth on edge . 
  there are only very few responses . 
  fine every passenger as they get off , hold back funds due to the airlines ( if there are any ) , or just simply refuse to allow them to land . 
  china 's response may well be to ban eu flights into china , and so be it . 
  china has a large trade surplus with the eu . 
  i do n't agree with the tax at all , but that 's not the point here .
