  if people had seen how bad it was going to be they would have done anything to stop it , but hindsight is 20/20 . 
  everybody knows the blame lies with greece , apart from greece . 
  it 's probably already too late , you 've elected a government that ca n't back down . 
  i am very sorry for what 's happening with greece - but you sound like you do n't want help , you just want to have a petulant tantrum and scream about it not being fair . 
   explain to me with economical terms how further austerity will help greece . 
  because if you do n't you will default , and exit the eurozone and eu and have financial ruin that will last for decades . 
  you need to stop thinking about fairness and think about realities . 
  greece needs to do whatever is necessary to survive within the eu , otherwise the crash will enormous . 
  many of the greek posters say they 're entitled to be a first world country , or they 're entitled to a minimum qualify of life and it 's not fair if they 're denied and look for who to blame . 
  none of that matters . 
  either the greek government bends over backwards to find a way forwards , or it 's curtains for greece . 
  the best thing that they could do right now is to carry out every single letter of what is being asked of them , and follow through on it while trying to find alternatives that are more sustainable . 
  this is what they should have done six months ago instead of making demands and threats . 
  if you can satisfy the troika you can then get very serious about tax evasion , and you can start asset seizures on the rich/wealthy who are not paying tax . 
  if that 's a success you can turn around the austerity . 
  is sitting on your arse for 6 months pretending to be doing something while all along relying on the troika backing down at the last minute - because you promised in your manifesto that you 'd do neither cuts nor leave the eurozone reforms ? 
  the greek people elected a parliament which promised the impossible and have delivered next to nothing . 
  they 're in russia just now trying to make it look like if the eu does n't bail them out again then they 'll act as a russian trojan horse . 
  the standard of living in greece is massively higher than greece 's neighbours , and unless they find some way , any way forward then it will crash beneath it . 
  the reality is that greece needs to capitulate or it will become a disaster . 
  he does have a book coming out soon . 
  the creditors have repeatedly said they do n't dictate the reforms . 
  greece needs to come up with a credible plan . 
  in my mind i do n't like the reforms that have been done so far . 
  the only way greece will pay off the debt is to become more efficient , and import less than they export . 
  that means dealing with vat fraud , improving tax collection , and aiming at the wealthy . 
  it may well be that the current greek government are arriving too late to do anything meaningful . 
  however they were elected on the promise that they could manage to avoid austerity and remain in the euro . 
  previous governments have done more harm . 
  the current government though is really just using negotiating tactics ( and the game theory that 's often attributed to varoufakis ) to try to bluff and blunder their way to more bailouts without reforms . 
  sorry you 're right they have done something . 
  they 've called germany nazis , they 've called the bailouts illegal , they 've pretended ( i hope it 's only pretending ) to be willing to veto eu stuff on behalf of russia . 
   we absolutely will not implement meaningful reforms at all . 
  we wo n't do it . 
  but if you give us money we 'll promise to do it , just like we did last time . 
  and in a years time when we 're in exactly the same position we 'll ask for a massive debt haircut because we wo n't have done what we promised . 
  slight problem with the figures ... everybody knows if you send money to nigeria you get way more back . 
  source : emails . 
  there 's a lot of rich people in greece , not paying taxes , hoarding money . 
  that 's part of the problem , the government has always gone after the relatively poor and left the upper middle classes and rich alone . 
  a cookie based limit . 
  you can easily bypass it by blocking their cookie or dumping it . 
  greece is n't crying it 's eyes out for a better deal . 
  the greek government is threatening to bring down the eurozone unless they get a haircut . 
  they feel that every time paying the money back is delayed , and another temporary fix is applied they 'll get closer to that . 
  they think that the troika would rather have a tiny defeat and prolong things rather than the big decision to let greece go under . 
  it 's a game of chicken and the working poor in greece will pay the price . 
  the eurozone will be badly hurt by a greek default , but it 's not as bad as varoufakis is threatening - incidentally does he have a book out soon ? 
  it 's a polish volkswagen factory though . 
  the solution would be if people were less stupid fucking cunts watching reality tv and voted for candidates not parties . 
  since it wo n't happen we need to have reform and to drop the fptp system . 
  the system we have in scotland works better . 
  put that in place . 
  i do n't put out personal information on reddit . 
  are you one of these blundering morons that skim-read an illiterate conspiracy theorist explanation of reserve banking and macroeconomics and think you 've seen the light and go about educating people like a pub bore ? 
  [ next to your white van you racist ? 
  :p ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-30148768 ), 
  there is no acceptable answer to the gyspy problem . 
  the laws and rules that keep us in relative order do not apply well to them , and we 've long left behind the kind of brutal justice that would keep them in order . 
  we ca n't just say gypsies are sub-human and treat them like stray dogs and put them down . 
  likewise we ca n't expect them to appear in court or give them a caution . 
  does anyone have an answer ? 
  arguably the declaration of arbroath is more important since it went on to be remixed as the declaration of independence . 
  it 's now caramac bars thanks to eu austerity . 
  your irish flag is very vibrant compared to the others !, 
  yes , but he 's not one to action . 
   is that why they announced today that the negotiations on a technical level are done and it 's now on to a political level ? 
  that 's not how i read it . 
  i read it as here 's a gap and the politicians need to decide if they 'll meet and how far they 'll go to do it . 
  hah , i heard about him when he was doing his ming the brainless thing but i did n't realise he 'd become an mep . 
  what were you thinking over there ? 
  i ca n't disagree with anything you 've said . 
  i think there 's always more that we could add to something to make it a more complete and nuanced answer which is what you 've done . 
  the monetary union without fiscal union is something that has n't been mentioned for a while and i thought it was the main lesson that had to be learned , the eurozone needs to integrate further . 
  it 's the public that elect the politicians and the public that buy the newspapers . 
  not sure if a single fire is the right metaphor . 
  this problem has been going on for years and has n't been solved . 
  every time there 's a problem greece are bailed out , but now they wo n't pay up . 
  the reason for the brink we 're now at is because if greek terms are changed again , in favour of greece then the money may as well be written off . 
  this is the point at which the imf , eu , etc feel that is make or break time , and from the sounds of things the greek government is pulling out a similar line to your one . 
  that 's about right , yes . 
  however the greek people did choose the charlatans to represent them . 
  so is it human nature to blame , or the electorate for bringing in syriza ? 
  no , i think you can . 
  it 's either that or you shrug and say it 's human nature and unavoidable . 
  there 's a wave in `` me first '' selfish , nationalist parties all over the eu . 
  they 're all different in their own ways . 
  some are racist , some are left of centre , some are right of centre . 
  what they all have in common is self-centred nationalism . 
  is n't the problem the conduct of successive greek governments ? 
  faking figures to get into the eu , and then going on a spending binge , then promising anything to get bailout money , then not implementing anything except attacking their own poor , and now the current government who wo n't do anything but pithy quotes ? 
  financial problems are not what 's going to destroy the eu ( and they wo n't destroy it ) it 'll be base human greed , electing selfish nationalist governments . 
  i wonder if he 's trying to make money off the back of the infamy caused ? 
  never in human history has anyone ever said something vile and offensive just to make money off it , apart from all the times that they have . 
  i suspect the greek government are writing up their tales of how it 's all the germans fault , so they can leave country they 've finished the job of ruining with their heads held high pretending it 's all the fault of everybody else on the planet apart from them . 
  i can think of a couple of austrians :p, 
  i 'd expect the americans to be putting in the heavy ordnance and air support for european ground troops . 
  which would mean that a reluctance to fight on behalf of the european troops would stall things . 
  i 'd also say that while nothing you say is wrong - we are really just guessing - the examples you 've chosen for fait accompli situations do not include russia , for whom it 's been a very successful tactic . 
   ground troops,
