  but yes , they did very well until the ottomans came and it took a very long time indeed to recover - in fact you could even argue that any recovery was false and they 're just about to collapse again . 
  it still does n't matter . 
  everybody deserves democracy . 
  the future of the greek people is at stake . 
  they face the humiliation of yet another german bailout and yet more of their sovereign powers being passed to europe because they 've been ` bad ' . 
  they face years of austerity and a hangover that lasts decades . 
  i happen to think the bailout is the right option , but it 's not an overwhelming thing . 
  the greek people need to choose . 
  it may well be that their pm is making a populism move . 
  they certainly should have had at least one referendum long before this . 
  it does of course matter what his motives are , but at the core of it the greek people deserve to choose their own fates . 
  it 's deeply insulting to suggest that they 're too stupid to do it . 
  it was their politicians that told them it was ok to run a poor country full of rich people . 
  that argument is enough , in itself to rob every one of us of democracy and plunge us into the totalitarian state that stalin , hitler , napoleon ... in fact the state europe has near perpetually been in or battled against since the dawn of written history . 
  your argument says that people do n't know what 's best for them , so they should n't able to choose . 
  you do n't need to be an expert to choose . 
  you need to be wise enough to take advice , but you do n't need to be an expert to make the decision . 
  greece , the birthplace of democracy finally shows that democracy means democracy when it 's * difficult * not just giving people the choice when you do n't mind what they choose . 
  whatever way things go will not be easy for the greek people and they will face at least a decade of pain and decades to come will be shadowed by this . 
  even if through democracy they choose what is seen not to be the correct option it 's important they are given the choice . 
  at all costs ? 
  i understand your reasoning , but the eu superstate that is forming is battling against democracy . 
  and why must we have a big voice in the world ? 
  why should eu countries combine with each other to speak against the voices of south america , india and china ? 
  i do n't feel the need to form a competing block against them . 
  in the uk we have more in common with canada , australia , india , china than we do with many european countries . 
  in portugal they have more in common with brazil ... etc etc. 
  they 've been right about everything so far . 
  pro-european newspapers have been wrong . 
  what 's your problem with the telegraph ? 
  that they do n't lie ? 
  if you were doing this for charity then perhaps people might feel more inclined to help ? 
  maybe if you could raise a few hundred on the back of it then people would feel inclined to help the charity and put you up for a night ? 
  so dictatorship is ok then ? 
  they 're not 5 years old . 
  they could have defaulted - which is a serious thing indeed , but the crucial thing is it should be the choice of the greek people not the choice of the eu elite . 
  because it 'll be an eu propaganda centre where the kids are taught how good the eu is . 
  why do you think churches want to get kids early ? 
  why do you think there was a hitler youth and why do you think the ussr was so keen on indoctrinating kids . 
  we 're ruled by an undemocratic ruling elite who ensure that step by step power is transferred to only those who choose . 
  we have politicians who in the main have done nothing else but be politicians , we have political parties which ensure only career politicians continue . 
  that college is another attack on democracy . 
  the eu spends money on a school to brainwash the young people of the eu into being the next political class . 
  you can find statistics that say anything , even the [ opposite ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/certainideasofeurope/2007/09/who_needs_toothpaste ) . 
  it 's worth noting that china has kept their currency undervalued for a long time , it has gone up a bit recently , but there may be a lot more to go . 
  quite possibly that could equate to a staggering amount of effective interest for the eurozone . 
  still ... keep taking those bail outs , this one will be the last right ? 
  i think your comments are more at home [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com ) . 
  the greek people have been betrayed by their government . 
  they deserved a referendum on the bailouts , and the eu and their government would not permit it . 
  you 're quite right . 
  if you make sure you only listen to people who you know are going to say what you already agree with then you can avoid thinking . 
  the entire premise is based on the opinion of one  sarah clarke , a solicitor who handles benefit cases for cpag she states that benefit tourists would have to be in the country for a few months before claiming , while the rules that the eu want scrapped imply around 5 years . 
  are we so lacking in factual news that we 're happy to believe anything that pertains to be such ? 
  this was n't a fact check , it was an attempt to force an agenda . 
   it is n't just that angela merkel , germany 's answer to margaret thatcher i sighed and stopped reading at that point . 
  reason why he 's comparing thatcher to merkel ? 
  they 're both women . 
  that 's it . 
  if that 's the drivel he comes up with then the rest of what he has to say is n't worth reading . 
  how about you fuck off . 
  it 's fine for companies to test products in a limted area to see how they work . 
  why are you insisting that you get to try it too ? 
  your overinflated sense of entitlement is comical . 
  do you honestly think a company benefits from not selling product to people ? 
  are you a moron ? 
  in an attempt to have a bit of fun and turn the reddit away from the head on collisions that have been occurring ... 
  i visited an elderly relative today . 
  she 's a great deal of fun and i like spending time with her . 
  she is nearly 90 now and lived through ww2 . 
  she mentioned how things were n't good in the economy , and talked about cameron using the veto and him being on his own now , and that her son had said he had no choice . 
  i said something about it not being as bad as it looks and it 's been blown out of proportion and there being a french election next year etc. 
  she came back with that she did n't like the french . 
  i laughed and asked why . 
  she said if i 'd have lived through the war i 'd be the same . 
  she said they strode up quarry street ( the main street in hamilton where she lived ) as if they owned it with their capes flying out behind them . 
  she said they were n't as bad as the germans though , since they did n't get to come up quarry street . 
  i said well what about the italians ( hoping for something positive ) she said she did n't like them much - and added or the spanish . 
  i was laughing at her by this point and she was having a chuckle too . 
  then she came out with `` oh i did like they wee poles though . 
  they were aye polite and they aye came up clicked their heels , stuck out their hands and asked if you 'd like a dance '' . 
  of course i do n't agree with her , but she 's past the age when i can tell her what to do . 
  i do find it quite amusing though , and hope it puts a smile on people 's faces . 
  i 'd like to hear if anyone else has tales like this , especially from a non-british perspective . 
  you 're in a casino and you 've lost lots of money and are down to your last $ 1000 . 
  you 've lost $ 2000 and that money was all of your life 's savings . 
  you 're desperate because you simply can not handle losing that money . 
  up steps a guy in a sharp suit . 
  he 's handsome and he gives you a reassuring smile . 
  he tells you not to worry and to trust him - he 's going to win it all back for you . 
  he takes 500 and puts it on the roulette wheel , on a red . 
  it comes up black . 
  he tells you not to worry , it 's all part of the plan . 
  he takes 300 and puts it on black . 
  it comes up red . 
  he tells you that it 's still part of the plan . 
  he puts 100 on `` 12 '' and it comes up `` 22 '' . 
  again , he says it 's all part of the plan . 
  he puts your last 100 on `` 15 '' and it comes up `` 15 '' . 
  you win $ 3,500 .
