  oh yes , we 're raking it in by doing that . 
  we 've a long history of it . 
  i think that 's outdated as well now and is due for a change . 
  it 's not right to keep that if the tax havens are going . 
   ireland 's tax policy has remained unchanged for 25 years i do n't know how exactly then it can be construed that we are engaged in some economic race to the bottom . 
  you 've lowered corporation tax and participate in some of the worst tax avoidance schemes in the world , so long as you get a smaller cut . 
   more over . 
  as i said we have a veto on corporation tax . 
  so you have two options you can leave the european union and re-implement tariffs or you can reinvade . 
  we perhaps will leave the european union - things need to change or we will . 
  hostile tax arrangements from our european partners is one thing that needs resolution . 
  we 're unlikely to re-invade ireland . 
  however do n't be so sure you 've got it all neatly tied up with dodgy tax arrangements . 
  the big hitters in the eu are setting their sights on luxembourg , ireland , switzerland and the like . 
  and us lawmakers too . 
  it 's fairly plausible to think that within a couple of years any double irish , dutch sandwich or the like will be specifically targeted with legislation that means there 's little point in using irish tax avoidance schemes . 
  if there is any immorality it 's the irish government that are responsible . 
  nobody can deny that ireland helps companies avoid tax in the uk and us for a smaller cut . 
  edit : oh hang on , are you blaming other countries for ireland 's bubble bursting ? 
  are you saying that ireland ( with whom i sympathise greatly , it is a terrible time for irish people , particularly the young ) was an innocent victim of the financial collapse ? 
  rather than ireland being a notable contributing factor to the bubble ? 
  ok . perhaps 20 years ago the attitude in the uk was more along those lines , however since then attitudes have changed and it 's no longer considered a `` deviation '' to be gay . 
  assuming that english is not your first language , you might not understand the very heavy tones that using the word deviation brings to a conversation . 
  it not only implies that something is not the norm , but it also implies that it is wrong , or sick , or unacceptable . 
  i believe the uk has advanced morally in that we accept that some people are gay and we generally do n't care about it or want to impose our own sexuality on them , or feel threatened by it . 
  perhaps over time them paedophiles ( and by that i mean people who are sexually attracted to young children ) will also be viewed with some level of sympathy , but we 're not at that point yet . 
  i 've seen and read interviews with paedophiles and in all honesty i have a great deal of sympathy with those who do not want to be attracted to children but can not help it , and struggle daily to control those urges . 
  i do not , of course , have sympathy for paedophiles who act on those urges . 
  it can never be consensual as children can not give consent . 
  assuming that you mean comparing people who are gay and have an active sex life , and people who are paedophiles and have an active sex life i would in the very strongest terms possible suggest that you reconsider this comparison . 
  consentual gay sex is quite literally none of mine nor your business , and we should not be passing any judgement on it . 
  paedophile sex is rape , it is wrong , it ruins children 's lives and under no circumstances should it be overlooked . 
  are you equating gay with paedophile , or am i misreading that ? 
  personally i think it could be a sign of people being trying to be polite by stating their sexual orientation , with the view that it should n't feel abnormal to be gay , and that it should n't be `` male '' and `` gay male '' do you understand what i 'm trying to say there ? 
  bitter much ? 
  i do n't want to go down the nationalist road of responding to your attack on the uk with an attack on ireland . 
  what i will say though is that ireland 's position has to be short lived . 
  either the race to the bottom continues , at which point there 's no point being in ireland if you 're just there for low corporation tax . 
  or there 's ( somewhat ) bilateral tax avoidance laws passed , at which point ireland 's corporation tax gets shunted back up to a more reasonable level and you lose the advantage . 
  the big uk banks pay a shit ton of tax , the companies that snuck off to ireland do n't . 
  there 's a big appetite to curb tax avoidance , and countries like ireland who rely on it for tax revenue can not keep it up forever . 
  if it helps people understand , [ this wikipedia link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_irish_arrangement ) explains ireland 's tax policy which intentionally encourages tax avoidance strategy . 
  the financial capital of the world is indeed london . 
  are you saying that we should forget all of the corporate tax dodging and use the excuse `` well london is big '' ? 
  let me guess , you 're irish and do n't like the idea that your countries corporate sector is based on nothing but cut throat tax policy ? 
  there 's two answers as far as i can tell . 
  1 ) we continue the slow `` race to the bottom '' where smaller countries compete with the larger countries by lowering tax rates . 
  eventually corporation tax is gone and we tax people 's income and wealth . 
  2 ) enough of the world decides to have a bilateral agreement on corporation tax ( perhaps a lowest acceptable amount ) and tax havens which do n't comply get hit with sanctions . 
  neither option is ideal , but i just ca n't see anything else that would work . 
  you ca n't stop companies shopping around for where to hq , and in some ways we should n't try . 
  however very small companies who allow companies to virtually cheat are n't playing fair and the big countries are gunning for them . 
  ireland is lying . 
  they 've got a low rate of tax to encourage corporations to locate there so they pay less tax . 
  same with luxembourg and many other low tax haven . 
  could you explain the reasons behind why it irks you ? 
  the oil is no more scottish than english or welsh . 
  it 's in the north sea and it belonged to the uk when found . 
  saying it 's scottish is a geographic distinction not an ownership one . 
  the modern uk is not operated as a partnership of nations where the idea is to contribute equally , regardless of how things were after the act of union the uk has operated without labelling things as belonging to england and scotland and without trying to balance what goes where . 
  what you 're suggesting is that england annexed scotland and since then has continued to occupy scotland exploiting the natural resources and populace since 1706 . 
  there can be no argument ? 
  says who ? 
  you 're so narrow minded that you think it 's `` the english '' and it 's scottish oil . 
  that 's a petty self centred view . 
  not really no . 
  for a start the immigrant is n't trying to make a political point , so there 's nothing to protest , and secondly they would n't be a political figure either , so they 've not willingly put themselves forward . 
  that does n't make what happened to farage right , but comparing him to an immigrant is n't helpful . 
  he used to come across as charming when he was powerless . 
  he 's still got a bit of charm to him , but now he 's leading a party that appears to have a real chance of getting power in at least england then he 's suddenly a lot more sinister . ], 
  he ca n't be an affable clown and head of a right wing party at the same time , and all of a sudden he 's started being the latter . 
  scotland is not an occupied country . 
   promoting british imperialism what ? 
  undertones is understating it . 
  they are fascist and as far as i 'm aware would n't deny it - even if they did it 's widely accepted that they 're fascists . 
  not that it really matters , they 're pretty much history now . 
  i wish there was a good word for the uaf , swp type thugs . 
  they 're close to fascist , but fascist does n't ring true about them . 
  organised religion is bad . 
  it cheats people to defer joy in life for a false promise of joy in afterlife . 
  while it 's great that christianity is declining , it 's very bad news that 1 in 10 is a muslim . 
  however it 's too early to be defeatist about it . 
  i would expect that children of immigrants from backwards countries will find it difficult to step away from their parents religions , but they will be far less bullying on their own children . 
  any time i 've spoken to a muslim about religion it 's been a family thing rather than a belief , so hopefully it 'll fade away . 
  well , consider this friendly encouragement . 
   i do realise you have an older generation of deeply religious people in ireland and the roman church is very intolerant . 
  if you manage all that despite the church then it 'll be a hell of an achievement . 
  indeed . 
  vote no in 2014 !, 
  do n't destroy the union . 
  i 've got [ this ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/3511/3878/1600/img_0467a.jpg ) sitting in front of me , along with a steaming cup of tea , and i 'm waiting for it to cool down . 
  simple pleasures , 
  do n't bring your iq into it ... 
  come on ireland , do n't let the rest of the british isles down !, 
  ( i 'm stunned , but pleased to see us so high . ), 
  so , where 's all the posts hating the ratings agencies and saying they do n't know what they 're doing and they 're evil and that they 're trying to make things worse ? 
  where 's the posts calling for censorship of them ? 
  or does that only happen when they do n't do what you want ? 
  it would have to be done over 10 years or longer . 
  essentially it would benefit the poorest , to most other people 's detriment , but tax codes could be used to help those who need it .
