  we need to have allies who would unquestioningly back us up in the event it was needed - and also we need to be prepared to do the same . 
  it 's either that or we go insular , knowing that our allies would not back us up , and find ways to ensure that the uk remains sovereign . 
  that 's a costly and backwards way to do it - but it is the only choice ? 
  it depends on context . 
  i think it 's fair to say that nobody reading this subreddit speaks english so poorly that a french translation is needed . 
  there 's nobody reading this subreddit in the hope of seeing something in french because they ca n't understand english . 
  are n't 100 % of his posts in french with an english translation beneath ? 
  i think all we could really do is downvote every post we see where that 's been done . 
  http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette  vote . 
  if you think something contributes to conversation , upvote it . 
  if you think it does not contribute to the subreddit it is posted in or is off-topic in a particular community , downvote it . 
  is that a proportionate response , in line with proper reddiquette ? 
  i did n't realise you were a mod here . 
  the side thing makes it look as if that 's a new thing . 
  glad to have you moderating here !, 
  and that mod posting in french first is annoying and petulant . 
  we could do without mods spraying their agenda over everything , can we get rid of that one ? 
  there 's plenty of mods here already . 
  finland joins nato . 
  nato allies start to help . 
  usa says it makes more sense to use european ground troops - which of course it does . 
  people across europe protest against the war . 
  they do n't want the war , finland 's troubles are n't their troubles they say . 
  if finland had n't antagonised russia , or that there 's lots of ethnic russians in the occupied area and it 's a complex issue and it 's not for them to die fighting over . 
  stalemate because there 's not any nato desire to push russia back . 
  ceasefire and peace with russia annexing part of finland . 
  i do n't believe the survey results . 
  they have not conducted a survey properly . 
  but if itt is the case then the uk must withdraw from nato . 
  withdraw from world geo-politics and instead adopt an imperialist-style military , special forces , and intelligence attitude . 
  we should drastically increase our nuclear weapon arsenal and create a set of rules which would remove any doubt at all about our decision to use them - simply put if anyone does x , y or z then it 's mutually assured destruction . 
  we must bomb foreign assets deemed to be a threat . 
  we must destabilise regimes we do n't like . 
  we must view british interests as paramount , our allies as second , and everybody else 's interests must count for nothing . 
  that 's a horrible , regressive step - but if nato really is worthless , and we really are in a treaty group with countries who will not honour it then we must go back 100 years to the old nasty way of doing things . 
  the un has failed . 
  the eu has not yet become a military success . 
  is nato failing ? 
  the purpose of these treaties is so that a pre-ww2 imperialist attitude is not needed and we can demilitarise and dial back from cold war readiness and stop wasting money on weapons . 
  i wonder what 's more important now to both sides ... is it finding a solution or is it finding an excuse for failure and someone to blame ? 
  it must be something they 're considering . . when all the dust settles how do i show it was the other side at fault ? 
  my understanding is that we can not rely on the renewables we have at the moment to meet all of our supply and that they can only form part of it . 
  the rest at present needs to come from trapped carbon or nuclear . 
  i 'm sure eventually we 'll develop ways to store renewable energy - perhaps we 'll have massive depots that split water into hydrogen and oxygen when it 's windy/sunny so that when it 's dark/calm we can use it . 
  whatever it is , as far as i understand we need either hydrocarbons or nuclear and i 'd much rather use nuclear . 
  we do n't have suitable renewables yet . 
  so our choice is nuclear which produces a legacy that we need to deal with but can deal with . 
  or further leveraging the carbon cycle towards accelerated climate change . 
  i 'd rather let the nuclear waste build up and eventually when we 've got a space elevator nudge it into the sun . 
  if we want to sustain the climate at a level that does n't cause mass extinction then we need to stop releasing carbon into the atmosphere . 
   in order to boil water . 
  the point is to produce electricity , you 're being intentionally obtuse . 
  it 's all about choices . 
  the choice to stop nuclear was an entirely populist and irrational one . 
  so is death , but most of us do n't choose to accelerate the process unnecessarily . 
   in order to boil water . 
  if you 're going to be ridiculous and reduce any discussion down to that , then let 's say that the electricity is n't for kettles , it 's for radiation therapy machines for people with leukemia . 
  climate change ? 
  germany should not have taken the catastrophically stupid stance on nuclear that they did . 
  i wonder if the offer was so poor because they knew greece would reject any first offer in order to get a better one ? 
  i 'm all for humiliating the parents in public . 
  have a politician give a press conference with massive pictures of the parents faces while he explains in great detail while they 're imbeciles and have intentionally endangered their child 's life . 
  it 'll make for good entertainment and it might get people to pay attention to the message . 
  i think ea 's policy is called their `` r u having a giggle m8 ? '', 
  last year there was a recalculation and the uk was given a bill which cameron made a lot of political noise about . 
  to the best of my knowledge the figures i 've linked pre-date that . 
  the city benefits from being the city . 
  the reason so many hq there is because so many hq there . 
  there 's other regimes that are less onerous as far as regulation is concerned and our biggest bank hsbc is considering moving away from the uk because of tax ... or at least they claim to be . 
  most likely they just want to influence the government . 
  the companies threatening to move to the irish republic are probably doing something similar , using what leverage they can to get an advantage . 
  it 's not in the eu or uk interest to impose trade barriers if there was a brexit , so i think companies leaving is overstated . 
  that said i 'm not in favour of leaving , but i do n't think it would be a catastrophe because we 're not in the euro . 
  we 'll vote to stay though , i ca n't see any other result . 
  i 'm such a shitlord :(, 
  my understanding is that germany benefits in a massive way by being part of an integrated europe in a way that the uk does not . 
  it 'd be very difficult to measure that . 
  not all of us are anti-german , and i 'm sorry if you left with that impression . 
  going by your posts i can definitively say that you 're wearing a fedora . 
  [ i think you come across like the people defending banter . 
  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/tomchiversscience/100141906/if-you-like-banter-you-are-an-idiot/ ), 
  i think we 'll stick with dictionary definitions if that 's ok . 
  my understanding is that 's out of date and we are now second . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/11221427/eu-budget-what-you-need-to-know.html ), 
  i 'm afraid you 're just simply wrong . 
  the reason that the uk gets special treatment is because even with it we 're the second biggest contributor to the eu . 
  without it the cap and cfp would be crippling . 
  as for the transaction tax it affects the uk in a ** massively ** disproportionate way and it 's a populist sabre rattling exercise by eu governments who want to appear tough on the bad bankers . 
  it 's not quite right , it 's too large , it 's the wrong material , it 's not quite shaped right . 
  french people are an ethnic group . 
  i really do n't understand where you 're coming from unless you 're trying to say that race is about skin colour or facial features . 
  i think it 's exactly on a level with the now show and that kind of pish , yes . 
  you 're making a generalisation there . 
  i do n't think that we do . 
  our right wing press is very vocal here - and foreign media tends to focus on the extremes . 
  for example if you look at the coverage we see from the usa it 's usually fox news making a pigs ear of anything they touch . 
  it 's been politically easy not to say nice things about europe . 
  i know for a fact that happens in france - back in the 90s the uk and france would abuse each other in the press because it suited everybody . 
  however with the referendum coming in the next couple of years then we will for once get a positive view on the eu and not just the usual negative one .
