  that said your country seems a bit further forward - maybe the legacy of vaclav havel ? 
  however i 'm sure i 've read that the state in the czech republic has clashed with pride marches etc. 
  half of germany was in eastern europe . 
  people should n't feel so responsible for their country , nor should they take it personally . 
  warsaw pact or nato . 
  pretty much . 
  yeah , start a thread saying `` is poland in eastern europe ? '', 
  and watch . 
  i do n't agree on either of your points . 
  you 're mistaken in thinking that there 's a definition of basic humanity . 
  your basic humanity is how you treat other people , it 's a relative measure . 
  there 's a clear difference between east and west . 
  and the west was more inhuman than it is today , just like the east is more inhuman than it 'll hopefully be in 30 years . 
  the rights or entitlements that our society allows are what determines our humanity . 
  double it , add more . 
  remind me again , why is it people get so butthurt when we say west europe and east europe when there 's such a clear divide in basic humanity ? 
  i like how everything is blurred apart from darth . 
  i think you grossly underestimate your mum , the new yorker is really obvious . 
  yes , it 's the same message essentially , yet the new yorker i think is good and the speigel is awful . 
  needs to have a unicorn or it 's shite . 
  fucks sakes luxembourg , all those scammed tax euros and they ca n't manage . 
  how do they decide which order to put the languages in ? 
  there 's two issues here . 
  one is if we get value for money for all of the money spent - fares and subsidies . 
  the second is if we have the right level of fares vs subsidy . 
  might it be the case that we have the first right and the second one wrong , but the government wo n't fix it because it would mean a significant extra tax cost ? 
  i 'm not trying to assert that it is the case , but rail fares alone do n't necessarily mean we 're getting ripped off , it could just mean that we 're not funding correctly . 
  puritan american morals , scared of biology . 
  luxembourg should face economic sanctions from the eu . 
  at war with russia ? 
  i do n't think there will be a tangible difference pre and post brexit . 
  it 'd be different if the uk was in the schengen . 
  fucks sakes france deal with it . 
  so most of them live in the balls and the glans . 
  looks all messy , they should cleanse it . 
  i voted against brexit , i think it 's going to be a disaster ... and part of the reason is petty nationalism and populism . 
  some countries either are wanting to punish the uk or are wanting to look like they 're punishing the uk . 
  i hope we 're going to see nations being practical about brexit rather than using it as an opportunity for populist sabre rattling . 
   jp morgan was fined $ 337m , hsbc $ 33m and cr\u00e9dit agricole $ 114m . 
  the levels were based on the time they participated in the cartel and the value of products involved . 
   four other banks -- royal bank of scotland , barclays , deutsche bank and soci\u00e9t\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9rale -- settled with the commission in 2013 for $ 820m . 
  it sounds like they were n't involved very much in it . 
  that they want to have a say on the terms of it , to ensure that it 's brexit on their terms , that if the vote was 48 vs 52 then that is not a mandate for a hard brexit . 
  ah they 're clearly just having fun . 
  * colour * flavour * humour * neighbour * recognise * centre * analyse well done in getting so many in !, 
  til wales is the most dangerous place in the uk for earthquakes . 
  macron is n't a blundering fuckwit , desperately grasping to power . 
  on top of that i 've got a great deal more confidence he 'll pull trump along rather than be pulled along by trump . 
  it 's very much like what happens inside countries too , people migrate to the most successful parts . 
  in the uk london and the se are super expensive places to live and all the prospects are there . 
  you 've got to assume he 's still in contact with some politicians still in power so there 's something to it surely . 
  it just has to work so the public do n't think they 've been swindled . 
  at the last minute brexit turns into a soft brexit , we still leave the eu we get concessions on free movement , we 're still able to get cheap labour in and remain in the free market ... 
  fingers crossed !, 
  i 'm wondering if now that things are on the brink , populism etc will take a back seat and pragmatism will rule . 
  by wondering i mean hoping . 
  perhaps in a couple of months time once the german elections are done there will be an appetite for it . 
  as much as i really hope this is true i do n't think it is . 
  my view of the eu before all the referendum focus was that it was flawed and needed to be calmed down a little , and the relentless push towards unification had to be tempered to avoid populist backlashes . 
  however i felt the next worst thing to staying in the eu as it was , was leaving . 
  i now think that reform would have been good , but leaving a catastrophe . 
  i can only hope now that there 's so much incentive to remain in the single market that the major obstacles are overturned . 
  the problem is that in the uk we have both main parties against the eu . 
  the tories who are in government are split a little in favour of leaving , with a leader who seemingly blindly follows the grass roots support of the tory party - who are swivel eyed reptiles hell bent on reactionary isolation and mercantilism . 
  the other party are broadly speaking in favour of remaining , apart from their leader who is a hard left relic who has always been anti-eu . 
  so to progress we need the labour to somehow turn around and say that they 're pro single market . 
  that might happen if corbyn can look like he 's changing based on circumstances , rather than doing a u-turn ( for some reason in the uk doing a u-turn is seen as bad ) we also need a tory party who are in favour of it , and i think that might be slightly easier since i do n't think may is quite so entrenched , and she might even be gone soon . 
  i wonder if european leaders are thinking that conceding on free movement is better than the uk leaving , or if they 're thinking that conceding on free movement might be popular/desirable because of the problems it seems to have caused . 
  finally i do n't think it helps that it 's been brough forward by blair . 
  the current regime at the labour think he 's worse than hitler and he 's not well trusted by the population . 
  i honestly think carlin is just a pub bore wanker . 
  i do n't think he 's funny at all . 
  his standup comes across like the know it all arsehole that wo n't stop trying to start up a conversation in a pub . 
  the long and the short of it is that it 's up to companies to make as much money as they can and governments to legislate to try to drive that towards something that benefits the consumer . 
  broadly speaking the eu does a pretty excellent job of this , trying to walk a fine line between being too tough and too lenient on industry . 
  if legislation , taxation etc etc etc was exactly the same in germany and the czech republic then there 'd be no reason for a price difference . 
  yes , but as harmonisation continues there wo n't be a difference to a company between germany and the czech republic . 
  there must be some reason why there 's a difference , so whenever that reason dissolves then the problem will vanish . 
  well consumers would prefer the finest quality meat and loads of it , but there 's several competing desires they have . 
  the more single market harmonisation there is though , the more it 'll just not make sense for that to continue . 
  if you 're a german company making and selling fish fingers for profit then send your trucks a bit further and you 'll reach shops where yours is by far the best on the shelf . 
  i do n't know all the reasons and answers here , but it 's not a sustainable position . 
  profiteering then i guess , lack of competition where you are . 
  the single market should deal with that in time ... if it costs pretty much the same to sell a packet of food in germany as it does in the czech republic then competition will drive prices towards each other . 
  that comes across as horrible snobbery . 
  is it possible that they 're just targeting their ideal market as best as they can ? 
  in germany , a richer country , people want a healthier product but in the czech republic people want a cheaper product ? 
  the issue is clouded though by the brand name . 
  i know there 's a simular situation in north america where the usa version of the same car has more safety features than the mexican . 
  i do n't see why fish fingers are junk food . 
  sure things in breadcrumbs are n't as heathly as things out , but it 's cheap to produce and assuming the fish inside is n't anything other than just the bits from around fillets then what 's the problem ? 
  findus crispy pancakes , or lasange , or a plethora of other cheap foods are also junk food , but cheap in itself does n't mean junk . 
  it is a scam . 
  in the uk we had a ppi scandal , which was where some people had been mis-sold insurance attached to loans and credit cards . 
  an entire industry grew around claiming money back from banks . 
  regardless if you had been sold it wrongly or not you could claim it all back . 
  fast forward 5 or 10 years and we 're now at the point where there 's no ppi claims to be made . 
  the industry has nothing to do , so instead we have a massive rise in whiplash claims for car accidents and we have these food poisoning claims . 
  we 've created an industry of legal scammers and they 're trying to find something else to do now that ppi is gone . 
  there 's more information [ here ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4634024/the-great-food-poisoning-scam-benidorm-tourists.html ) sadly it 's a daily mail link .
