  you do n't know that much about those 2 countries , but think they got this cool vibe as well ( surf , large beachs , adventurous etc. . . ) nowodays , i think usa is less cool because we know it too much . 
  and maybe because of bush and trump . 
  your friend is a melenchon voter , right ? 
  lepen is not viewed as trump here . 
  honestly , i think she much more intelligent and eloquent than your president . 
  if i had to compared her to another politician , it would be putin , that 's why she is dangereous . 
  for macron , he does n't have any scandal for the moment , so the french population view him pretty neutraly . 
  he is not very well know , so nobody really hate him nor love him . 
  his supporter base was very volatile . 
  the left think he is right-wing and the right think he is a `` gauchiasse '' ( leftist ) . 
  if i have to compare him to annother politician , it would obama or trudeau . 
  a progressivist liberal . 
  i thought that when i was a teenager . 
  then i grew up . 
  the coolest would be the new zealanders and australians . 
  for the least cool nationality , north korea , of course . 
  yes , i think so . 
  all his history is in italian . 
  yeah , and even when it was visible , the teachers closed their eyes about bullying . 
  i have the impression it was taboo 10 years ago , nobody spoke about that , or the concept of bullying was n't that much known . 
  i had been bullied 2 years while i was in middle school . 
  i was quite awkward and not confortable with myself . 
  i never had physical agression , it was much more vicious : school bag in the bin , all the pages of my books and agenda ripped , flob , false rumors , destruction of my gifts in front of me , insults , malevolent calls etc , etc. . . for example , one day we were doing an exercice where we had to ask one question in german to our class `` neighboor '' in front of the whole class . 
  an asshole asked me `` do you have any friend here ? '', 
  the class laughted , the teacher used the ostrich-like approach , as usual . 
  i confessed to another teacher i had problems of socialisation in the class , she just answered me `` it 's an hard period . 
  do n't worry , i think you will be happy at the the university . 
  be patient '' . 
  what a relief !, 
  i just had to wait university !, 
  so i 'm still quite salty and sceptical about the way the teachers handle this kind of situation . 
  at least , there is more sensibilisation about the problem nowodays . 
  i had a friend who had been bullied as well in highschool . 
  he was redhead and the head in the clouds . 
  one day , one of the pest which was with me in middle school spread the rumor i was interested by him . 
  i was in another school , i had new friends and wanted to avoid another year of bullying . 
  so i distanced myself from him . 
  at the end of the year , he left the highschool . 
  i learned later half of the classed created a group on facebook to laught at him . 
  because he was redhead . 
  what a bunch of asshole . 
  i really hope they understand that nowoday , the bullying also happen on internet . 
  i even think it can be much worse than at school . 
  where are you from ? 
  well , for me , the most well known criminal would be [ emile louis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89mile_louis ) . 
  well , since it was me ... poor horse , i even pulled his mane while i was falling . 
  [ i heard the same , but about an entire country ... ] ( http://zapatopi.net/belgium/ ), 
  well , i felled from his back and broke my arm this night . 
  but i have to say , i completly understand him . 
  imagine a drunk girl in the dark night who try to ride you while you were taking a nap . 
  he was pissed off . 
  nah , it was really stupid . 
  so he 's not one of my friend , but a friend of a friend . 
  this anedocte happend at 4am , at the exit of a nightclub . 
  this guy was compeltly drunk , and decided to go home on foot . 
  he was walking alongside [ the port of vannes ] ( http://www.mairie-vannes.fr/uploads/pics/port6_01.jpg ) when he noticed something weird in the water : a inanimated man . 
  courageous , he decided to help him , and pulled him up on the esplanade . 
  he called the 911 , completly in panick . 
  a fireman advised him to keep a cold head and explained how to do a proper heart massage . 
  hopefully , the guy already had his first aid certificate , so it was ok . 
  the firemen arrived 20 minutes later , ready to intervene . 
  when they arrived , the guy was still doing his heart massage , screaming , in panick '' * oh , for fuck 's sake !, 
  i thought you guys would never arrived !, 
  i think it 's too late , he do n't breathe anymore !, 
  he do n't breathe anymore !, 
  * '' the firemen approached him for the changing but enter in an uncontrollable fit of laughter . 
  the victim who had been saved was n't a man , but a simple inflatable boat . 
  edit : and the dumbest thing i did was maybe when i decied to ride bareback a horse at 3am with two other drunk friend . 
  i never learned equitation , and rodeo is definitly not my cup of tea . 
  another stupid anedocte was when i enter in a swimming race with a drunk friend at the exit of nightclub . 
  it was really , really stupid , and i even thought i would die . 
  we made a race until a boat which had light on it ( it was 4am ) . 
  when we reached the boat , arrived an really awkward moment . 
  there was 3 men inside it , all eating pat\u00e9 , saucisson and drinking beers . 
  they proposed us to eat and drink with them . 
  we came back to the beach one hour later . 
  all our stuff and our beers in the beach obvioulsy disappeard . 
  [ of course . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xejhyfmrhua#t=9m05 ), 
  not canada as a whole , just quebec . 
  * may i have a * chocolatine * ? 
  * what , you do n't have a starbuck/burgerking/zara ( etc ) where you live ? 
  it 's so provincial !, 
  * ( * while being in nantes/le mont-saint-michel * ) brittany 's buildings are so amazing ... * the corsicans are italian , right ? 
  * the alsacians are german , right ? 
  in my entourage , they mostly learned the french revolution , napoleon and then passed directely to the colonisation of africa , the wwi , the wwii , the algerian war and the cold war . 
  in my case , i did n't even had one lesson about napoleon . 
  i learned a little bit about him much later , at the university . 
  the same goes for the restoration . 
  i guess it really depend of the person , but i 'm pretty sure that even the older generation did n't learned that much about this period , or just forgot it . 
  not really , i 'm pretty sure the majority of the population do n't give a shit about those guys or do n't know how they look like . 
  i mean , i discovered who they were during a course about the history of french penal law when i was 20 years old . 
  my friends did n't know them either , and it 's the same for my parents . 
  or maybe my entourage is very ineducated . 
  [ louis philippe i ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_philippe_i ) and nobody know him nowodays . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure a huge part of the french population do n't even know there had been a [ restoration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bourbon_restoration ) after the french republic and naploeon , so for them , the last king would be louis xvi , the `` guillotined '' . 
  i 'm more skeptical toward nato ( because of trump and poutine ) than the eu , and i do n't understand what you are implying about the self determination of people . 
  if there is a federation at one moment , it would be obviously after asking the opinion of the population . 
  i do n't think i will be alive when it will happen , but i 'm still confidant . 
  after all , france also had differnets independant regions with different language , culture , overlord and policy during the middle age .
