  nobody chooses to use windows . 
  we 're kinda just forced to because it has the largest and most developed user base . 
  linux also does n't have as many games developed for it . 
  i ca n't believe some people like you do n't realize youtube frame locks to 30fps and the both sides will look the same because their both the same resolution . 
  if you think one looks better than the other it must be the placebo affect . 
  he 's eating a corn dog . 
  this picture is all over the internet and also it 's probably just someone 's spray . 
  i 've seen someone spray a picture of emma watson nude in a public game before . 
  my nearest computer shop also builds computers for like $ 60 so check you 're nearest computer shop too . 
  but games are developed on pc 's . 
  they have a beta before the actual release day , no publisher would release a game without testing every part . 
  that 's a monitor . 
  i play on pc and i do n't have a problem with it . 
  i just think of the ps4 as a brand new phone that i have no interest in buying . 
  brown or yellow ? 
  i ca n't stand yellow , i saw my friend eat a perfectly yellow green banana and i asked him if it tasted weird and he said it tasted normal . 
  he said he hates when it 's soft and lightly brown . 
  just the heavily inflated price . 
  that $ 1200 pc could be built for $ 800 . 
  a pre-built has variety and usually does n't have a customized os like console . 
  i can tell you 're confused , ignorant and have no idea what is going . 
  pc gamers have always loved controllers . 
  if most of those 40gb of space needed were textures , it look almost life like . 
  so you did n't enjoy when 3d gaming became more people popular ? 
  you would n't say the same thing in the 90 's . 
  technically it did . 
  but op does n't know what he 's talking about with dota 3 . 
  you ca n't make a sequel just keep adding features . 
  i honestly thought this was gta 4 or rdr before i saw the title . 
  that 's why it thought rdr because i got confused the there was so much grass . 
  it makes my phone and internet cry . 
  technically he is king not peasant . 
  what if he 's actually making a cod 360 no-scope montage ? 
  looks like he 's using a video editor . 
  `` some parts of the world , console is cheaper '' . 
  no in fact it 's the opposite , consoles are more predominant in first world / westernized countries and p c gaming is far more popular globally . 
  pc gaming is very predominant in asia , brazil , and russia . 
  looks like you saved your karma there . 
  their owned by dell so they get funded to increase their marketing . 
  it is . 
  it 's just that the crowd it 's attracting are forgetting that . 
  cm is the hardest hard carry in the game . 
  her only flaws are move speed and ult . 
  was thinking more of mako . 
  that makes no sense . 
  russia mexico and north korea have no reason to be on the same side . 
  all countries would side on which side has richest countries because going on the losing side means losing a lot of money . 
  mexico would then join america . 
  the original is actually how i feel trying to get the i7 for $ 199 at microcenter recently . 
  i constantly check if it 's in stock but it 's always sold out . 
  you guys do realize that he was quoting ea , right . 
  he has his own gaming pc what 's the problem . 
  it is n't a fps ... 
  it 's adventure and if you want rp too . 
  all gaming companies use some bullshots . 
  ( except for maybe nintendo ) . 
  most of the e3 games were on pc too . 
  it 's an addiction , i leave base and 1 minute later i 'm out if mana because i keep using it nonstop . 
  i remember when i was downloading linux that they they used girl names like patty or something ? 
  my macbook runs steam for dota 2 . 
  toucan run steam and prison architect on a potato . 
  i always see her losing in pub games . 
  she 's pretty easy to shut down unless in the hands of a good player . 
  i just started playing lol . 
  the first character i bought was teemo . 
  what 's wrong with him . 
  i do n't know much about lol heroes because i mostly play dota . 
  hl2 was only good for its time . 
  a hl3 would be terrible today , they not trying to suck out as much money from one game and there are much better alternatives to hl3 today that will offer competition . 
  if ea microsoft , ign and hitler joined and offered me a job i 'd take it . 
  shouting is another way to cast a spell . 
  you do n't actually release enough scream energy to blast them off their feet . 
  have you seen katarina ? 
  one death lotus with rapier to win the game . 
  they could afford the best licenses unlike other companies . 
  pointless because other games have an original soundtrack . 
  what you described is more gypsies culture than arabian . 
  i 've kept track and this is the fastest reddit had beaten the horse . 
  6 hours until i saw 10 of these downvoted at the bottom of every popular thread . 
  can confirm my sisters intergrated graphics laptop is on that statistic . 
  the up also has aperture labs . 
  basically tex mex, 
  naga siren also lured ships to their death in ancient greek with her song . 
  a refresher would be a better alternative except for the mana cost . 
  the main difference if you 're choosing between refresher and aghm 's is that refresher brings better regen which is better earlier in the game in the laning phase while aghm 's is better end game where bigger mana and health pools are more important in team fights . 
  the obvious answer would still have to be both . 
  op should play morphling . 
  wait i 'm on mobile too . 
  it said 1080 is it suppose to say that ? 
  reminds of when i first started dota 2 and the only hero i could play was bh . 
  all his lines are now permanently in my dreams . 
  why the hell would an xbox be leaking liquid . 
  the only reason i can think is that they are heavy smoker and it mixed with the moisture . 
  ( heavy smokers leave so much residue in their electronics it actually damages them . ), 
  i do n't know about you but i 've seen bkb a lot recently in pub games . 
  one moment my enchantress is owning the other team then witch and axe pop their bkb 's and we ca n't do anything because our team is reliant on magic ( puck . 
  enchant . 
  chen , zeus , with the exception of our farming bh ) this was last game and the game before that their viper bought bkb . 
  we lost both . 
  idk mobile i look for it later .
