  i received the same with my motherboard . 
  why are you downvoted so much . 
  now it does n't even sound like a word, 
  am i to late for a drawing of vengeful spirit ? 
  that would seem pretty hard to draw . 
  even i contemplate whether he was lying about having played lol before . 
  he never really upgraded his skills or spammed his skills . 
  when i played lol i just followed the guide and spammed the low mana spell . 
  im pretty sure you can abandon safely from limited heroes considering you get replaced with bot . 
  and here we can see the classical ignorant gamer trying to start an argument on shit he/she does n't even begin to know about . 
  its ignorant because an i7 is n't even close to being the the ideal cpu for playing ubisoft games . 
  its a top tier cpu for things like video editing and 3d software rendering , not games . 
  we need to wait once companies actually start using more than 4 cores for it to be helpful . 
  if ubisoft cant comply with optimizing one game does n't mean they wont do better the next time . 
  because ubisoft is n't just one studio . 
  shes based on a succubus so her main goal in fantasy stories are to succumb you with lust so yes . 
  its perfectly natural to find her hot either way . 
  stop forcing your ideologies down our throats . 
  keep these opinions in the hero threads . 
  it is n't about the escape its about the damage . 
  have n't you seen those amazing poof nukes ? 
  a 3 second poof is just suicidal . 
  hes the only sexy character in dota unless your into sven . 
  the problem with coming out at 16 is the fact that you have lied to so many friends and family through out your life that you feel embarrassed and guilty for not being open about it sooner . 
  the problem is n't the that someone is gong going to say something to you physically . 
  you think they are judging you mentally and you can feel it emotionally with even the lightest stare . 
  i am thinking more the up . 
  nothing happens there unlike the impeding blockade and stampedes in detroit . 
  point is every one is already leaving detroit and an apocalypse just might speed it up . 
  also id like to point out that chicago will turn red , since it has some 9m poeple including out of city propers . 
  no , every one here is just rushing to see who can get the most references apparently . 
  op also forgot a white pixel on the left-ern most part of the orange boom box . 
  maybe a hint please ? 
  i am lost and i think im just over thinking it . 
  or use a photo viewer like i did before you burst an eyeball trying to look that closely . 
  seems like to much of a stretch since the star is just yellow and blue which it has none of . 
  how do you know people down voted it it has n't even been an hour . 
  im pretty sure there are tv 's outside the seats to watch too . 
  i felt the same way too . 
  has anyone ever told the chinese teams that there are actually 107 heroes in dota ? 
  literally same heroes and strat with no sort of excitement . 
  i had more fun watching my little brother in bot games . 
  honestly i was rooting for vg in the beginning as my go to chinese team but then i went to newbee because i saw that newbee was going to win since they actually put effort . 
  vg did n't deserve that spot . 
  even liquid , phoenix or of course dk would 've been better since there clearly the better competition strat wise . 
  but there is no excuse for heroin though . 
  shits expensive and useless . 
  not weed . 
  there is medical weed just like there is morphine but its only for medical purposes and its relaxing property . 
  also you never see people shooting up heroin in parties casually . 
  sorry , i thought you were continuing from lolzmakers 's comparison . 
  well then its not your taste then , we got that already . 
  assuming greener = better and white = worse . 
  do you know whats that texture pack ? 
  i really loved that design but i cant pull it off without the right texture . 
  thank you . 
  the water looks so much nicer . 
  not every conspiracy is the same . 
  people have conspiracy 's about the jfk assassination , some not so unplausible and then there 's the whole chem-trail theory from airplanes . 
  that one is just retarded . 
  the nsa spying was one of those kinda plausible and not so far-fetched theory 's but because they were right does n't mean every other similar one is too . 
  i am not talking about that whole media bullshit or whatever . 
  i am talking about how you compare your conspiracy to a theory that actually had evidence . 
  i am confused . 
  are only some parts of iraq the usa . 
  not in my trench tier . 
  but reddits mmr is so high they always talk about meepos , tinkers , and chens when i have n't even seen them ingame . 
  i thought the stans meant land so technically would n't kazakhstan fit in too and the others too ? 
  edit : sorry i did n't read the post carefully on my phone . 
  or maybe they 're like me where you cant recognize faces because you do n't watch pro dota a lot . 
  the princess and the frog that took place in new orleans were both black which i think is the closest thing . 
  then there was the fish and human . 
  every single thread . 
  that treant aghs upgrade is simply op . 
  why do people still say this even though they already did the math a long time ago . 
  its not even creative anymore . 
  he 's almost too gay to function . 
  wtf is google, 
  what game is this ? 
  every one here is using pronouns and arent giving the name of the game . 
  well im mean assuming its america , then yes it is native to north america . 
  yes please i play vayne a lot and my team surrenders because they died 20 times , but they do n't understand that i still kill their fed adc in a few hits if they try to even get close to our towers . 
  is that not a girl ? 
  reddit automatically marks any post as nsfw if the title includes the words `` nsfw '' . 
  well they themselves mock the issues of gender identity with shit like that . 
  it also devalues the purpose of getting free drops . 
  looks like the grinch to me . 
  i received the same exact keyboard yesterday too !, 
  this sub was the one that convinced me too buy it . 
  i have never had such a high quality keyboard and i am never going back . 
  what job can i get into that involves me putting random poles onto the sides of roads ? 
  the common reference that i read when i was a child was that florida is the same size as britain . 
  yep i have had the same problem for months but it seems that riot does n't care . 
  i have seen multiple report tickets and posts about this but no response from them at all . 
  you just have to wait a few more months or make this a big deal like the east coast servers . 
  redditor for 14 minutes . 
  checks out . 
  well i feel like as a void champ she should have no gender . 
  i do n't know why riot made her female . 
  edit : i should clarify the fact that idk why she is female because she makes literally no vocal sounds that can determine gender .
