  how did you like that case ? 
  i 'm thinking about getting the same mid-tower case this week for my new build . 
  enough room ? 
  look at the coupon . 
  split screen was reason i bought l4d2 for xbox . 
  l4d2 was leaked in 2009 . 
  ultra graphics !, 
  there should not be a limit on what games you should play because of you 're laptop specs . 
  lots of mods and shaders for minecraft skyrim etc, 
  we need to fix the red pill from leaking again . 
  we hear stereotypes of liverpool all the time . 
  old york and old birmingham are there too . 
  that 's a waste to buy a cpu cooler if you 're not going to buy the oc able k version of i5 . 
  most biased advice here . 
  op do n't listen, 
  i do n't understand the down votes . 
  i only advice that if you want a prebuilt do n't go alienware . 
  simply use a xbox controller . 
  i use that to play dirt 3 in my living room . 
  a mac can cost $ 1000 and usually more a ps4 $ 400 and xbone $ 500 . 
  i 'm part of the master race but i still bought a ps2 because at the time they both had the same shitty quality and textures . 
  what about the computer you 're using now . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're not reading this on you 're ps3 . 
  so like rdr but bigger ? 
  thats what i 'm trying to do.pc and ps2 both had the same quality at the time . 
  i was n't taling about pc superiority . 
  did people even read my comment i said both pc and ps2 had the same shitty quality at the time . -, 
  i ca n't i 'm on mobile it 's autocorrect . 
  is that all you really have to say ? 
  from my perspective in 2013 , yeah they both were shitty , it 's not like there were that many graphically amazing games . 
  dota 2 would be terrible for him . 
  i started almost 2 weeks ago and i already have 60 hours with each game taking a little less than 1 hour !, 
  no not really when i was driving in wyoming there was a biker gang with 4 bike but 6 people the ones left out simply went on and shared . 
  yeah i 'm playing on a sony laptop until i get my new desktop . 
  i can play skyrim on low 30-40 fps with about 4 mods non graphical . 
  i run l4d2 on max online with no lag , dota 2 max no lag but when near the end when were at the enemy base and the huge battle ensues it seems to lag a bit now and then and i feel it only effects gameplay slightly . 
  intel hd 4000 is aduaqate for older games and low on newer ones, 
  my current pc ca n't handle shader and neither can consoles . 
  you trade in games ? 
  i keep all the ps3 games i bought because it 's expensive you get so little for how in store credit you get . 
  you mean an oxymoron ? 
  wrong person . 
  stupid mobile . 
  not really all there choices have 10 % markup from if you bought the pieces separately, 
  ps3 only has 256 mb of ram and 256mb of gddr3 . 
  holy shit this should be in a museum . 
  the 3ds xl has 516 mb of ram right now . 
  same thing happened to me . 
  i cheated by changing the time and then wasted the lives before changing it back . 
  i changed it by one year and had to wait one year . 
  but can you believe we 're are still making and downgrading to fit the ps3 ? 
  i have one and i just loved the last of us but imagine it with anti-aliasing , high quality textures and a bigger world to explore . 
  oops i knew a portable device had 512mb of ram i just forgot which on and i thought 3ds . 
  forgot about the vita . 
  sorry yeah 3ds does n't have that much ram i just mixed up the specs of another device . 
  by optimization do you mean hiding the limited hardware by rendering only the objects around you and making the background a wallpaper of sorts . 
  lowering all the graphic settings to low to give higher fps . 
  optimization just mean covering up the old hardware in smart ways . 
  i ca n't seem to find the ram slot on my table . 
  yeah sorry i 'm on mobile . 
  seattle is a close enough that if it had a big eruption it would destroy some parts if the far suburbs . 
  futureproofing is useless like buying a fx 8350 and waiting for it to become outdated to use those 8 cores . 
  so like finn and jake in adventure time because they actually live in a weird type of post-apocalyptic world . 
  this is why he was the only human . 
  who the hell pirates games . 
  i buy all the games i have on steam because i have morales . 
  i did pirate for my wii though . 
  you 're the only one talking about yellow people with ball chins . 
  it like you 're having a conversation with yourself . 
  other than the millions of sales they get from the ds i do n't think there going anywhere, 
  admit pirating games to console . 
  i 'd rather have smooth 30fps then a choppy 60fps, 
  you lost me . 
  this was the reason i chose nvidia . 
  i did n't no much about video cards but the nvidia naming scheme was easy so that 's what brought me to like nvidia in the first place . 
  but 760 is better than 7870 and is compared to a 7950 . 
  of course you forgot the extra 0 both like to add . 
  is that just like a fancy 0 or does it actually change . 
  for it population d.c is high , but i can buy a gun in indiana and sell it in chicago . 
  also the 8 core cpu is clocked at 2.75 ghz so like a laptop cpu basically as the graphics is inter grated with the cpu and it low power . 
  everyone is developing for pc , it 's console that has limited developer teams . 
  also you 're saying that pc gamers , game on a $ 400 dell laptop . 
  other tan the fact that it fought in both world wars , and joined the western expansion , it is european just not western european, 
  the games at e3 were shown on pcs and not ps4s and xboxs . 
  that 's all textures but do you seriously think you can snipe farther than the console can render and call it fair . 
  why a micro atx board and a 7990 ? 
  he could also use a k version of the i5 to overclock . 
  drop to a gtx 770 or wait for the new amd gpus to come out . 
  that ssd money should definitely go towards the gpu . 
  you not getting much of a change just less loading times and boot up . 
  you could buy a 7970 with out the ssd . 
  there is no working ps3 or 360 emulator !, 
  they both use a different cpu architecture and os so it will take years just to get a barely working ps3 or 360 emulater . 
  '' i bought a pc '' did you like build it or did did you buy a $ 400 dell or $ 1000 alienware . 
  are n't you reading this from a monitor ? 
  reading this from mobile . 
  it 's a dual gpu so it 's like crossfire but morphed together . 
  it produces almost twice the heat and requires a bigger psu . 
  it 's also bigger and has trouble fitting in smaller motherboards or cases . 
  what city is this ?
