  heat stroke . 
  wizards of waverely place . 
  it 's her disney tv show . 
  just like how today you can get 120gb of ssd for $ 100 but cost thousands not just a decade ago . 
  although that 's because it 's newer technology so the price will dramatically fall in a few years . 
  it 's already been talked about . 
  many times the thief can be traced back a few owners and the hassle required to track them down along with legal problems it wo n't be worth the $ 60, 
  sli =| = better performance . 
  a single 760 will destroy 2 crappy cards . 
  sli is more for triple monitors . 
  i feel the same way but the ones that really irk me the most are the last of us and portal . 
  what happened between those 20 years and from pittsburg to wyoming . 
  i too love being in house arrest . 
  the skyscrapers are not abandoned , the houses near them are . 
  well ... what is it, 
  kind of looks like it would 've been a great place for the chicago spire . 
  mostly because all his newer songs are to get a different type of audience . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's why they did n't have suburbs outside those giant sky scrapers in gta . 
  must be pretty hard to push it out of a guys vagina . 
  our only problem is pollution from the chicago river and invading species . 
  until the bombers destroy them selves and they exhaust them selves from resource and production . 
  considering the iphone is one of the most dumb proof phones out on the market i 'm sad that my family got androids but me and just does n't understand the whole appstore and customization so they have to ask me . 
  oh yeah i forget about that . 
  i have a really screwed up mindset about which directions rivers flow in . 
  i blame my 4th grade boat ride on the chicago river . 
  the problem is you can clearly see hawaii from california . 
  noise levels ? 
  closing times ? 
  try living near ohare , constant planes in the middle of the night . 
  the only thing that closes at night are the restraunts and some smaller airlines . 
  many airports also serve as emergencies landing spots such as on 9/11 where all planes where demanded to land on the nearest or specific airport like in canada . 
  if your buying from mucrocenter , they have a sale where you can get a msi g45 motherboard for $ 100 with the purchase of a has well i5 . 
  three two ? 
  do n't think they have n't released three yet . 
  the same reason i played my gameboy . 
  that sounds like they just did n't ask for help on / r/buildapc before buying . 
  this is what got me into the ac series . 
  i only played this one but stopped playing after halfway through ac3 . 
  try linux . 
  how about not eating junk food while playing games . 
  my keyboard and mouse get sticky after i eat junk good and then i feel like a fatass , so i stop eating after one chip . 
  reposted lots of times with the same joke as top comment . 
  yeah but apple gave my school discounts to buy lots of ipads for school and i have never really seen anything android/google samsung or others used by my school . 
  and so was reddits boston bombing suspects through photos and armchair detectives . 
  i think that psn for ps4 is a good idea for better servers like ms. 
  but that 's was a prime reason some people chose ps3 over xbox, 
  well a $ 600 pc can do more than a console so guess it would be like how xbox is $ 500 while ps4 is $ 400, 
  you could say that about any electronic like my beats that i got for free . 
  the last ps2 game will come this year . 
  a console lasts longer than its next gen console release date . 
  you can only play you 're ps3 games while you have a subscription, 
  that 's society for you . 
  slightly . 
  skyrim is a cpu eating game so the cpu such as the one he has will do great . 
  the 7950 vs 760 is up to amd vs nvidia since they both offer almost the same power . 
  from what i know is that it 's 2 core min , 4 cores recommended . 
  so about 2 cores . 
  i never really enjoyed red dead redemption because some people ruined the ending for me . 
  what do you mean . 
  the hancock is only tall one not showing . 
  what are your specs because he custom built it . 
  joltikn is the smallest pokemon though . 
  yes but in the pokemon world durante are n't that small . 
  widest range of demographics from 90 year olds and 7 year olds who just discovered the internet . 
  better than him . 
  sound like rdr was already a 2 because the game before it was red dead revolver . 
  the servers were full when it first came out but it calmed down and the it registered all my games immidiatly . 
  hardware problems . 
  the steam went inside of the ipod while the hardware in this one was well kept secure . 
  not even , my sister dropped her phone in chicago and it dented and cracked the whole top right corner even the case chipped away . 
  is there a black hole where you 're stomach should be . 
  i ca n't even comprehend how people like it so much . 
  i normally i do n't drink soda but i know that mountain is literally just sugar and corn syrup . 
  that 's ... good though, 
  people were very religious and had no interest in vigors unlike in bioshock 1 and 2 . 
  your never too young to `` discover '' porn , especially with the amount of today 's computers . 
  the game has n't come out yet . 
  those body builders take years of training and determination . 
  you have to appreciate how much effort they put to look like that . 
  you ca n't just look like a bodybuilder from getting muscle , you would have to take steroids to look like that quickly . 
  europe has been white for like ... all of history . 
  the same reason people still buy mechanical keyboards . 
  * lake, 
  probably gary, 
  thyroid is n't genetic you can get fat from a disease that affects the thyroid . 
  chicago did n't exist during the revolutionary war . 
  where were you ? 
  under a rock . 
  actually d.c. would be second . 
  the red pill is leaking again . 
  twice the time to raise money . 
  twice the expenses . 
  were n't they going to release there new gpu line code named hawaii ? 
  tip : do n't watch tlou on youtube . 
  it kills the emotional attachment . 
  i splurged $ 60 dollars on tlou 2 days after release just because i saw the name on the front page so much . 
  so worth it . 
  what would a sea cucumber be stressed about . 
  i put maps in my useless folder because i have google maps . 
  buy strawberry banana , and avoid the the green veggie versions , kids do n't like that .
