you look like rocket from sucker punch . 
  dude , you think people will measure . 
  and a little bit missing is n't going to change the entire body of water . 
  2009 + 1 year = 2011 . 
  1 year after = 2012 . maybe on new years . 
  h20 makes up 75 % of the surface of earth . 
  you you cut the earth in half water would be like a little blue lining but there 's is still so much mass in the earth that it would make water look rare . 
  they tried to shoot someone because they actually followed about what happened on the titanic . 
  yea but for emergency 's such as when the brakes activate while your stuck between 2 floors . 
  why is your rug on the wall ? 
  no but i saw on abc news . 
  that close enough, 
  it took me a while to realize . 
  it 's just may/9/2013 . 
  cola by lana del ray for a slow dance, 
  the brain is the best organ !, 
  well look whos talking . 
  * gale of darkness *, 
  not really europe and north america cross through some of the same latitudes . 
  he simply just slid north america sideways . 
  destroying chicago would be like destroying a majority off our economy . 
  its rich with money and power . 
  would you be happier without this http://i.imgur.com/zaxmqtj.jpg, 
  they were terrorist , they went full speed on a airplane with the gas filled to the max . 
  which episode ? 
  dog from boston ? 
  i think you did n't see london . 
  there leaving , but mostly for the suburbs . 
  those are the lights chicago is famous for . 
  and abe lincoln . 
  chicago is drowning . 
  that street was weak probably to start with . 
  our recent flooding is what broke the camels back . 
  the water eroded the underside as it seeped into the ground . 
  some of our streets and rivers got flooded by thunderstorms . 
  it is actually the light posts . 
  japanese laws . 
  what did he say ? 
  more fun to watch , than , great story . 
  it makes me cringe . 
  i thought people were n't going to mud sling like this . 
  i am the only mexican in my spanish class and cinco de mayo was coming up . 
  neon ghoul how does your family celebrate mexico 's independence day . '', 
  it has nothing from the books . 
  it 's just in the same scenario . 
  the passports were not found directly under the wreckage . 
  and i am pretty sure my passport can withstand a house on it . 
  its not a machine . 
  what ever the government can do , a rich terrorist group , another country , even north korea could do equal and maybe even better . 
  perfect analogy . 
  what do you mean !? 
  we have the big shiny buildings that look glass shards . 
  i have to guess portland . 
  [ lots on the lake shore ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2cjjkwq.jpg ), 
  but their populations are declining . 
  such as russia and japan . 
  wtf is a teacake . 
  i 'm american and have never heard of that . 
  stop eating chain restruants then . 
  if one economy falls a country with that same currency will take some of the hit . 
  just like how germany has to help out its neighbors because they share the same currency, 
  obviously not from or near florida . 
  it is actually second world . 
  its bad but they still have a bigger economy than most countries . 
  it 's on the left, 
  the wheelchair is a cock blocker anyway . 
  it 's all ways in the way, 
  here in illinois i did n't even know walmart sold guns until i went to wisconsin . 
  it depends on the state . 
  / u/sweetcupcakes, 
  i hate how close those buildings are . 
  i like how the empire state building is isolated from other famous buildings . 
  the most famous building here are clumped together . 
  ps3 is also a blu ray player . 
  but then i would have to pay for condiments and refills because they need more money for the workers . 
  i would rather have free things then tip . 
  i think he means arid . 
  explain to me why you hate gays kissing like in this photo . 
  your posting a lot of mean things and i just wanted to know why . 
  what ? 
  malaria is n't a problem in america . 
  that 's stupid . 
  first , it called english because of england . 
  the movie was made by the french and funded by french companies . 
  but it 's illegal in many states and in my state you would have to move to iowa to get married . 
  they are the first married gay couple in france , their wedding is far more important than you or i will ever have . 
  fire flies flying up strait . 
  is it bad that i do n't feel bad because i have seen similar things on / r/morbidreality, 
  holy shit i am glad i went to my nice school.i have never appreciated going to a rich suburban public school until now . 
  the teachers were always nice to us and helped the behind students in their own time . 
  probably long exposure . 
  the street lights kind of prove it . 
  so did i but , it could of had so much more . 
  can i ask why it has so much much smog even though it is n't as industrialized as other cities ? 
  you can tell just by looking at a google street map . 
  what did he say ? 
  iceland ? 
  its not english . 
  the reason it sounds different is because kansas really comes from kansa . 
  how i did the same thing but nothing happened to me .
