  also what 's that phantom case like i 'm planning on buying one . 
  finally a more modern song here that does n't make people sad because of their own nostalgia . 
  she also has other great songs like carmen or diet mountain dew . 
  paranoid android - radio head . 
  that was made by rock star san diego not rock star north . 
  bad move, 
  i bought fallout new vegas when it was 2.50 on sale . 
  i wonder how much you could buy it now . 
  bistec in spanish . 
  i do n't know how that sounds anything like english other than than the b and the missing a. i did n't know people connected them like that . 
  max payne was a good port and gta v will be using the same engine . 
  holy shit , what i do n't understand is how sony can release a $ 400 console and people think it 's more powerful than the $ 500 - $ 600 laptops they make . 
  sony makes computers that are plenty more powerful than ps3 for a long time even before the release of the ps3 . 
  except diablo 3 is more of a punishment to console because we actually want gta v and diablo 3 went a little downhill . 
  the generation . 
  the 560 is older than the 660 and that is older than the 760 . 
  the 760 also performs better than both of them . 
  the 760 is also a little below the 670 and 580 . 
  check the nvidia site 's comparison chart of all their gpu 's, 
  why not buy a great light and portable laptop and with the money you saved , start making a desktop . 
  rdr is made by rock star san diego and gta v by rock star north . 
  all gta games have been made on pc , why would n't gta v. 
  i just explained they are both made by 2 different rockstar teams . 
  all of rockstar north ports to pc . 
  including all the gta 's, 
  the slimmer versions of the ps3 use less power and uses 45nm technology and the fat uses 90nm along with more power . 
  it 's not about the price . 
  it 's about the possibilities . 
  see intel . 
  crushing amd in cpus ( not counting price ) because simply , intel is better than amd , there in macs , servers , and have good performance for less heat and power usage . 
  geraffes are so dumb . 
  it 's a 760 . 
  god dammit . 
  rockstar north makes gta . 
  rockstar san diego made red dead redemption . 
  for $ 1000 get an i5 4670k or i7 4770k . 
  sapphire is selling 7950 's for $ 200 and power color for $ 180 . 
  by on macs i mean that apple chose intel and also i 'm on mobile . 
  amd can can lower or raise the price and see as big change in profit , intel can keep releasing mobile based changes every series ( haswell is like 5 % better than ivy and uses less power for laptops ) for $ 100 and people ( mostly companies ) will still buy only because it 's intel . 
  i thought mexicans came from mexico . 
  for nvidia i think the 760 will be good for $ 250, 
  in 10 years ti 's will still be the same price . 
  is that what you mean by amazing . 
  my phone loads a small gif as fast as my laptop . 
  jesus was a real person . 
  either a philosopher or son of god . 
  he was real and recorded by many . 
  mobile like me . 
  ( standing outside my house ), 
  hope i do n't come out cliche , but can i have the ip ? 
  and book . 
  only peasants think amd would sell cpus inside a $ 400 machine that are faster than there enthusiasts gpus and cpus for minimum settings . 
  i remember my days of peasantry . 
  in cod i would hate that i could never aim with my controller to that guy leaving the room . 
  i was amazed how fast i could aim from the bottom left of the room to the top with such accuracy with k/m . 
  who said that . 
  xbox is a console and there getting it . 
  it 's a microsoft exclusive . 
  that 's why we ca n't beg for naughty dog games because there a sony company . 
  we 'll i never met someone who had a problem with consoles not having enough exclusives and aaa games . 
  yup it has customers and is right next to family video where i live in illinois . 
  but i never see anyone eat inside , everyone goes through the drive-thru . 
  that actually does happen at my parents work . 
  someone would be sent to retrieve some their `` fancy '' fruit when they run low to make fruit salads , smoothies . 
  and chili . 
  it 's really all frozen and canned from walmart . 
  god i hate it when enchantress or wind runner die on my team , they sound so sad and and i feel bad cause their cheery and stuff . 
  so like ration cards ? 
  that actually seems like a good idea . 
  the government chooses you 're diet . 
  yes of course i do n't know what all this people are saying . 
  a laptop is so much weaker because it 's underclocked and uses less heat and power . 
  same thing with console , you do n't seriously expect a 7850 to bring out that much power without exploding the tiny , power saving , and hot console . 
  this build will bring out 1080p at 60fps it 's a common build but the only thing i would change is the 7870 to a 7950 , not much of a price change but it is faster . 
  also do n't get 250gb get 1 tb instead with a bigger power supply . 
  you are right but only if `` all games '' is crysis 3 on max . 
  almost everything like bf3 is max-able if not high on this . 
  people only buy windows because it 's what the market builds for because everyone has it which in turn is because the market builds for . 
  it 's an endless loop of money to microsoft and hopefully will change with linux . 
  the only thing keeping me from getting linux is that nobody creates things for it like games . 
  gta v does n't play 1080p at 30fps . 
  you will never witness 1080p at 60fps unless you winess it in real life . 
  imgur resizes images , youtube has a 30fps lock and you can only see as much as monitor or tv can handle . 
  it 's not peoples wants it 's what they want to give you . 
  1440p gaming is out and some people are debating whether they want 60fps or 1080p . 
  why not both !, 
  120hz at 100fps is what made me picky about frames because before that i could n't imagine any better . 
  fast paced games like counter strike or other shooters really help when it has more than fps . 
  once you have 120fps , it 's horrendous to see consoles with motion blur and still 20fps . 
  but $ 450 for 1440p . 
  we 'll if no one bought 1440p monitors the demand would be low and the prices would just keep getting higher . 
  you 're not only buying a monitor , you 're helping development like any other technology . 
  buying the cheapest like console does does n't really help development . 
  look at how much ps3 and the 360 are holding back developers from making big advancements because everyone is buying the cheap outdated technology . 
  those specs were not real . 
  they were to run 4k too , something ps4 could never even achieve . 
  unless you 're a foreigner . 
  my relatives now have a racist and negative view of atlanta because of their 40 minutes at the airport . 
  we had to reschedule to make it one way skipping atlanta on their way back . 
  unless you 're making you 're own mods .
