  you should play more tusk . 
  he just needs some ability changes . 
  but what if you purposely wanted to hook in that creep . 
  i 'm not sure if the game can tell what you were aiming for . 
  that would basically create ryse from lol . 
  his abilities scale with his mana pool . 
  i guess percentage would be better than solid numbers . 
  i actually like this even if i do suck at pudge . 
  everyone is bitching about . 
  also it was square enix who put drm not valve . 
  no dude mystic flare has a high mana cost . 
  that 's it only drawback , it also has a low cd high damage nuke and is n't blocked by linkins . 
  the mana is n't even a problem because he has incredibly high mana pool and intellegince growth . 
  you are useless late game other than support late game without scepter mystic flare . 
  their are many other roles sky can do bit it does nuker best . 
  this is the reason i gave up on this sub . 
  i like / r/gaming many times better because the people there start conversations from the smallest problems while people here start arguments from the smallest problems . 
  if you want karma from this sub just say you 're from lol and need help . 
  if you want downvoted just ask why riki is so op or easy and get prepared to get flamed for not buying 1000 golds worth of dust and wards . 
  are you playing it with friends ? 
  my 19y old sister hates video games and never played them but ever since she tried l4d2 with me and my cousin she 's fell in love with it and has planning on getting an xbox just for that game for a few years now if she ever gets the money . 
  so is pa. 
  her ult is even coupe de gracie or whatever . 
  i believe that we should perma ban anybody who browses both / r/dota2 and the dota forums because its filled with assholes like these who seem to think both are the same thing . 
  that would be invoker . 
  he has to be shut down early by smoke ganks early game with wards blocking his jungle . 
  no hero is op you just have to spend the majority of you 're farming time ruining his . 
  except pugna is n't 100 % support just like early game necrolyte . 
  it 's from mcdonalds some time ago . 
  because he dares only bring it up in one of the billion maymays on here . 
  it 's not a coincidence he only wanted to bring this up now . 
  this is also the reason i prefer dota over lol . 
  i started dota 2 first then i tried lol , damn i was i mad how nobody told me i had to pay for champions even if it was real money or not . 
  that 's why i never thought of lol as competitive their is clearly an advantage that people have more characters available than me . 
  i still love lol though because i 've managed to collect many champions over time but it 's a boring process to main characters to rack ip because it ruins the strategy . 
  what ? 
  oh i was being sarcastic when i said that , i was saying meme . 
  this is such a problem in dota 2 and league , i remember once our axe kept farming , our pudge kept standing in mid lane waiting for team fights to come to him and furion is just knocking down our towers and barracks . 
  we lost that game but hey at least we got 20 more kills than them . 
  maybe for those who do n't know or want to build a pc ? 
  installing an os can be much easier with a google search than building a pc . 
  idk i 've installed linux for fun on my old computers before i learned how to build a computer myself . 
  i just saw a step by step video and clicked all the same buttons . 
  i dual booted it with windows , there was an os present before on the old computers and also on the steam boxes . 
  just youtube how to install linux and click the most viewed one . 
  at first i did n't know i was dual booting though i thought i was deleting the files because i never watched the video completely . 
  that 's that problem with that sub . 
  so many requests but not everyone who can help has the time to help so many people . 
  i actually like this idea . 
  i remember one game of all randomi got brood and i was unluckily countered by sky and warlock who kept stopping me from pushing bot . 
  sky would silence warlock would fatal bonds and sky finished his combo before i could limp to the trees where he just planted sentries and ulted repeatedly . 
  terror blade , phoenix , ashe , abysmal overlord , arc warden , techies , skeleton king , winter wyvern , obsidian destroyer . 
  you do know pause rules change if there is someone dc or not . 
  you have to wait 30 sec before unpausing if someone is dc . 
  so why not change the limit for when someone dc . 
  i thought he was in the humanoid section because if his arms and legs . 
  another one would be cm . 
  especially at lower mmr matches . 
  she can frostbite someone , nova , waltz in while everyone is right clicking and bam !, 
  press r stand back and watch as they scramble to right click you and they forget they have a stun until 3 seconds after and they 've lost half their health . 
  better results if you have shadow amulet . 
  what i do n't understand is how valve does n't want to include an ancient camp with a small evasion but thinks its fine to include an ancient and regular jungle creep with free perma bkb . 
  none of you guys have obviously played against a disruptor initiator . 
  at first i thought this was sarcasm . 
  but in context this actually makes sense . 
  do you mean shadow demon ? 
  it 's been there since i think 2 gen. 
  they alternate between blacked out or whited out . 
  yup i made the mistake of not buying a modular one and i ended up folding up my extra pci-e cable and my other extra cables in the extra harddrive slots . 
  since this was my first time it took me extra long to sort the cables and gave me headaches from the whole clutter it came with . 
  why does this look so much like the terminal level in mw3 . 
  did mw2 have the same map ? 
  yes they do real money or grinding for ip you still have to pay . 
  i thought in dota it was called diffusal blade . 
  do people ever realize all these counters picks are squishy heroes . 
  you know the ones she is trying to duel . 
  this is why abadan is a good counter to her ult . 
  what did he say ? 
  the sims 3 is on steam ? 
  cool i got it in the humble bundle but could n't find it on steam so i just got it on origin . 
  gyros ult is pretty op because it has a bkb breaking slow . 
  imagine with a 0 or even 5 sec cd in a team fight . 
  every lol champion that has a blade . 
  thank you for the maturity / s. 
  i play both lol and dota 2 i 've been playing since 1 or 2 years ago but only play lol because my little bro plays it . 
  battle points are different from ip because ip actually has value and in lol you have to grind certain noob heroes in order to get a bigger champion pool . 
  that 's not the problem i have with lol though . 
  the problem is i have n't played lol in 3 weeks because the crappy ass ui is n't working and i kept getting kicked from games because of the servers . 
  can you explain the first part it makes no sense . 
  no it just keeps crashing at the lol logo . 
  i heard the lol ui is one of the worst in mobas because it uses adobe air . 
  the are little kids . 
  it 's not ok to call them disabled if that 's how they all mostly act . 
  stop . 
  riot is just a company , do n't protect lol like its your child . 
  in no way is this like making fun of your friend personally . 
  just let us have our fun . 
  i learned nasal goo is better because quill has a 3 sec cd while it only stuns for 1.5 seconds . 
  i slightly agree , she 's just the int version of razor and they both would be great if they switched to strength since they revolve around being race-car tanks heroes who do best the longer they last in a fight . 
  it would make strength on them viable for the damage .
