  butterfly sucks on him . 
  he needs to get the strength version , heavens halberd since he already has a low bat . 
  it would have the same effect . 
  i think he means earth spirit . 
  in point in my comment did i say that ? 
  you must not live in an urban area . 
  sounds like any tourist country . 
  sheesh what is wrong with you people , i swear / r/dota2 is on my list of having the most assholes . 
  the worst part is is that before you clicked the submit button you thought to yourself , `` yes this is the right thing to say '' . 
  we 'll actually slark can purge nagas song . 
  it just gets reapplied quickly . 
  yeah i agree kesha is really good at making party music but pit bull fucks over every song he does and likes to mask his real voice with annoying auto tune . 
  also on mobile i sometimes upvote or downvote when i try to scroll down . 
  so some could actually be mistakes . 
  i thought the price got changed to 2.0 k ? 
  last time i played lions mana drain left a mana drain trail to the lion model instead of the person who grabbed it . 
  i hate necroes ult . 
  it 's so hard to tell someone is stunned because there is no animation . 
  fatty foods are going to get more expensive . 
  and stuff such as snails lobsters and caviar are going to get cheaper . 
  we lol now, 
  it actually is , i rarely play next but when i do everyone one forgets the bkb breaking stun . 
  i had used his ult during a chase just for the stun but then people go in panic mode and everyone uses their stuns . 
  this could be said about many heroes . 
  beat you i played a little of original dota and warcraft 3 . 
  that 's the point of riots it going to happen in a major city . 
  their wo n't be people rioting outside a kansas farmers lawn . 
  it 's going to happen downtown kansas city . 
  i 've managed to get a rampage by zipping from the opposite side of the map and to the middle of a team fight in a wtf lobby . 
  it also happens when you 're hp changes . 
  try it with tread switching and you can spam the arrow . 
  getting items that give strength also trigger it . 
  trench tier here , nobody here buys drums because the 5 ias is weak . 
  he would 've gotten sange and yasha for the 16 % move speed . 
  their the only moba with all heroes unlocked at level 1 . 
  they just like to rub it in . 
  but miss chances on void like from brewmaster and hh still continue in the chromosphere . 
  that 's meant for the enemy team . 
  but he 's only fun for me when i do n't play him hard carry . 
  just get blink dagger , bot , battle fury , and drums to play support/rat . 
  wait , what ? 
  i thought pure went thru all resistance both armor and magically ? 
  yes it 's called almond milk . 
  wow what a cheap way to become taller than than melbourne . 
  i believe antennae should n't dictate height . 
  like how the sears tower is still the tallest in america by roof height . 
  we 'll us east and west ca n't complain because it 's better for mexicans to queue there than peru for some people . 
  it 's when you 're playing against russians in australia is when you 're having a problem because there is no excuse to be there . 
  as a teen i ca n't do that now . 
  i only stay slightly skinny by eating no sugar and junk food . 
  i ca n't imagine myself in 20 years !, 
  is it really that big of a problem ? 
  i agree i know a teen mom ( my older cousin ) who had to grow up as my aunt because she had to be more mature faster than she could grow . 
  this is more bullying for spelling than cringe what the hell / r/cringepics . 
  wow i guess that does make sense because my moms family has a history of diabetic death while my dad 's family are all tall and skinny . 
  my dad and my sister chow on like you 're friend yet they show no signs of weight gain . 
  yeah me too . 
  i dot play him because he 's a melee support with an incredibly long cd ult that feels weak yet important . 
  once with friends we managed to do well with ds vacuum and sven stun as a pseudo tide ult but on a 30 sec cd . 
  as someone with allergies he 'll no !, 
  i ca n't imagine even walking to my bus with garden flowers everywhere . 
  that and they want to play for fun and do n't care about numbers . 
  so why does n't mirana gain nighttime vision ? 
  why does a fish get large nighttime vision ? 
  why does n't phoenix deal bonus damage to aa ? 
  ca n't use logic here . 
  yet my nearer soup kitchen likes to make them to feed the poor . 
  yeah and it 's also good because it 's like an aoe venge stun too . 
  sorry to break it to you but i 'm at 2k mmr and even i know that 's terrible for cs . 
  which is why i 'm actually gon na try this guide to get gud . 
  so like a regular hard carry ? 
  guys i think he 's talking about a play on words not that he really thinks we all knew this game imo . 
  i do n't think you know how down voting works . 
  i downvote because i do n't want others to see his failed joke it 's irrelevant . 
  calm your shit dude . 
  i never downvoted him i just know why they did . 
  it 's not even your fake internet karma no need to make me actually ... . give you a downvote !, 
  ( you say it like it has value ), 
  but a book makes me look smarter in the subway ( the only reason i carry books usually ), 
  gon na take a guess . 
  you sound biased . 
  as if your saying the lol community is more mature . 
  as if they do n't do the same . 
  we 'll at least dota has an excuse . 
  most older dota players hate lol with a passion . 
  they have to pay for heroes and they will never forgive them after the pendadragon fiasco . 
  really ? 
  i never really thought bad about sport ass slapping . 
  maybe it 's because i find it arousing . 
  maybe that 's because it 's not supposed to have a intense salty , sweet , or bitter flavor like we eat on a daily basis . 
  it has sticky white rice and fish , the most blandest of flavors . 
  to put that number in to perspective , the chance of finding a shiny pokemon is like circa 1/8500 ( iirc ) and in all my years of pokemon i 've only found 2 and one of them i was traded by a friend . 
  alien blue master race, 
  anybody got another link ? 
  not showing up on mobile, 
  lol, 
  that 's just a noisemaker . 
  we need a tsunami `` stopper '' . 
  aka giant walls outside the beach . 
  op did you also get a badge ?
