  i know , i did click that ( that 's my fetish ), 
  if you start by excluding the answer you wo n't get anywhere :d but seriously , it 's entirely for the horniness value . 
  it 's a type of trashy television that i think is common in countries where actual sexual liberation arrived late . 
  for example , italy had always kept extramarital sex very hush-hush ( while of course people did it ) and had very puritanical mainstream media - until all of that pressure was released at once with the enormous success of berlusconi 's sex-based programs . 
  i mean , for several decades some of the most famous and talked-about people in our media were the [ veline ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/striscia_la_notizia#the_veline ) , a pair of dancers ( always a blonde a brunette ) who would do dance routines in the middle of a satyrical news program , finishing up on the hosts ' desk . 
  many went on to become quite famous ( elisabetta canalis started out as a velina ) . 
  & gt ; french & gt ; kink risky click of the day, 
  that looks like a mistake though . 
   9 more years in prison i can only dream ... ( and i mean really , he 's over 75 so he legally ca n't go to prison ), 
  i have a friend who is much shorter than her and not as gigantically endowed , but still ( i had to look up the equivalence ) a 34dd . 
  she , and her mother who is like her , have serious back problems , and it does n't help that she works in a warehouse . 
  you can find that `` show '' on most major porn sites quite easily :d, 
  there are women who are into that , you should look into kink communities . 
   it did n't target innocent people for the most part . 
  that 's not really true . 
  the mafia targets innocent people as a matter of course : protection rackets , extortion , mob control of businesses are all examples of direct action against people who previously had nothing to do with the mafia . 
  people are also targeted if they are friends , relatives or associates of people who are in trouble with the mafia . 
  and , of course , large numbers of people are indirectly affected by the criminality and violence the mafia brings , just like with any other criminal organization . 
   nonetheless , just because only the first , and second might be the only ones who are violent , that does n't mean we should tolerate them or wait it out . 
  i agree , we should n't tolerate criminals , and foreign criminals in particular should be expelled from the country ( and they should serve their sentence abroad if possible ) . 
  but sharing an ethnicity with a criminal or with many criminals is n't and should n't be a crime . 
  in the right `` tax-friendly '' offshore jurisdiction i 'm sure a lorry could own people , nevermind a company . 
   except that when italians went to america they generally did n't rape , rob , murder , or commit acts of terror against america . 
  sorry but this is just comical : when we went to america we straight-up imported the mafia !, 
  al capone was born to two first-generation italian immigrants , and he was hardly the only italian-american gangster . 
   and saying people were poor and dirty was just rumors well no , a lot of us really were poor ( and , consenquently , dirty ) , that 's why they went over there . 
  of course the rumors then made that into a racial issue i.e. 
  we were poor because we as a race were n't hardworking . 
   or you can read about statistics in london , malmo , etc. . you could read statistics about italian crime in the us as well and i doubt they looked much better than london or malmo today , in fact they probably looked worse owing to the generally higher crime rate of that age . 
   and that applies to refugee distribution scheme because ? 
  because it applies to everything a eu country does . 
   so how are they getting discriminated against ? 
  they are getting discriminated against by being excluded on the sole basis of religion . 
  fresian milk is more for hard cheese . 
   if you go far back enough to the us , people hated italian immigration but it would be dumb to use that as a reason against italian nationalism . 
  actually it 's a great argument against anti-immigration sentiment in italy . 
  when we went to the us we were widely despised for being poor , ignorant , backwards , dirty and of an incompatible , dangerous religion ( people seriously argued that as catholics we would be more loyal to the pope than to america ) . 
  yet it seems that italian immigrants did n't quite tear down american society . 
   stereotyping is what logicians refer to as inductive reasoning . 
  which , as you will surely know , requires a very specific set of circumstances to be able to actually make correct inferences . 
  which is exactly what i said . 
   but if you 'd be as fearless kissing a boyfriend ( assuming you 're male ) in front of a group of black men as a group of asian men then i applaud your dedication to your beliefs . 
  considering both my nationality and where i live , i have about as much to fear from homophobia from white people than from any other ethnicity . 
  cultural factors are more important : i would n't kiss my boyfriend in front of a group of chavs as much as i would n't kiss a boyfriend in front of a group of extremist muslims , and i think the chavs are the more likely to beat us up of the two . 
  the italian drinking culture tends to be very relaxed . 
  wine is deeply embedded into our cuisine , so it 's normal to be around it and taste it long before the legal age of 18 . 
  people generally acclimate themselves with alcohol through a gradual process and ease into drinking with what i think is a healthy natural progression . 
  from a social point of view , alcohol is not as prevalent as in some other cultures . 
  going out `` for drinks '' is something of a recent cultural import , and simply sitting in some establishment having drink after drink is not a large part of social life . 
  problem drinking exists , but we have the lowest incidence of alcohol-related disorders in europe which i think is due precisely to these cultural factors . 
  commercially , we have a large variety of italian wines and few imports . 
  on the beer side the situation is inverted : you are more likely to find foreign beers than italian ones . 
  liquors are evenly split : `` party '' liquors are mostly foreign , while `` household '' liquors are mostly domestic . 
  we still have n't really figured out whisky , to my great dismay . 
  there is a fair amount of own production , with many families still making some of their own traditional liquors , like [ nocino ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nocino ) in my home region or [ limoncello ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limoncello ) in many parts of the south . 
  wine-making has many smaller producers and few large ones , while the market for domestic beer is dominated by name brands like peroni . 
  liquors are again split : there are established brands for many types but many others are almost exclusively made by small local producers . 
  perceptively , you correctly deduced that that show was on berlusconi 's channels . 
  she 's just teasing , relax . 
   `` adam sucht eva '' false friends , false friends everywhere . 
  with the right feed cycle i estimate about 25 liters per day . 
  we had something similar called `` nerds vs blondes '' or thereabouts . 
  a bunch of stereotypically nerdy , socially awkward but generally well educated guys were paired with hot air-brained bimbos and both were mocked for their stereotypical defects . 
  it was as trashy as program as it gets , but a certain subsection of italian tv has a fascination for this sort of stuff . 
  no , he 's talking like using children as an excuse to impose your personal morality on society is a bad thing . 
  my position is that stereotyping people based on race is logically wrong and more likely then not a result of unjustifiable and dangerous prejudices . 
  the * only * cases when you can legitimately draw conclusions about someone based on race are the very small number of generally fairly minor medically significant differences , which in those very small number of cases mean that a black person and a white person are likely to not be equally responsive to the same treatment regimen . 
   the echr does not have jurisdiction to strike down the agreement that 's right , but it 's not what i said . 
  what i said is that something being an agreement does n't put it beyond the echr 's jurisdiction : if you agree to violate the echr you can still be punished . 
  if you think i was arguing that we should stereotype whites as drunks because simplistic statistics and frail logic would support that conclusion , you 've misunderstood my position . 
  it 's a de-facto requirement for eu membership to be members of the council of europe , which implies ratifying the echr . 
  in any event , all eu ( and eea ) countries have ratified the echr and are under the jurisdiction of its court . 
  nope , eu nations are in fact absolutely not allowed to discriminate on the basis of religion . 
  millions of italians held the same opinion of romanian immigrants a few years ago , you know ? 
  hell many still do . 
  funny how things go around . 
   at least he 's not afraid of saying and doing what he thinks being unafraid of saying and doing shitty things is not an item or mer - [ all hail lord trump , god-emperor of mankind ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kwxvzlf.jpg ), 
  but the smugglers they pay do . 
  i 'd bet money right now that smugglers are brainstorming about how to sell `` barrier breaching '' tickets to migrants . 
   this concerns the redistribution scheme which is a voluntary agreement between eu member states . 
  over which the echr still has jurisdiction , precisely because it 's an agreement between eu countries . 
  for example , a shop has no obligation to allow customers is . 
  but if it only allows white customers in , would you call that not discriminatory ? 
   their social system is already overloaded to the breaking point by their large gypsy population . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   immediatly smelled the stench of death and saw fluids dripping out of the vehicle holy fucking shit . 
  that is a multilingual general information site about finland , of which only a few pages apply to [ asylum seekers ] ( http://www.infopankki.fi/en/moving-to-finland/i-am-/asylum-seeker ) and [ refugees ] ( http://www.infopankki.fi/en/moving-to-finland/i-am-/refugee ) . 
  the only welfare-related information regarding those two groups is as follows : - asylum seekers can not access municipal health services , but they can use the ngo global clinic 's services - refugees can use the municipal health services that 's it . 
  there is no mention of any other form of benefit . 
  in fact , i 'm fairly sure that like any other eu country finland pays out $ 2.5 a day to asylum seekers in `` pocket money '' , but even that is not mentioned . 
   yes . 
  ever heard of coma drinking ? 
  or other amazing things like drenching a tampon in vodka and inserting it anally ? 
  coma drinking and the even more ridiculous vodka anal tampon are ascribed to a small subset of the white population , not to white people as a group . 
   also , nice try at an ad hominem with the white people rebuttal . 
  i 'm kurdish . 
  who 's talking about you ? 
  i was talking about me and my race , hence `` we '' . 
   though many countries have websites in arabic describing just how great their country and welfare system is , set up by the authorities responsible for processing and caring for the refugees/illegals . 
  [ citation needed ],
