  there are parts of the year when i get swamped with work and can hardly breathe let alone reddit . 
  in total it might be a few weeks , spread out over the year so it should n't be too catastrophic . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  a horse-sized duck would collpase out of the inadequacy of its circulatory system and likely its skeleton , so i 'm going with that one . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why it 's actually pussycat . 
  the pussycat dolls are an ** english ** - american band which teaches our young girls to be ~ ~ degenerate exotic dancers ~ ~ sensual self-assured women . 
   as for the megathreads , we reached a point where anyone who voiced anything other than support for the megathreads was being perma-banned instantly . 
  which is not an inherent feature of the megathreads . 
  you could have megathreads without insta-banning people for expressing disagreement with the sub 's direction , there 's nothing preventing it or making it difficult . 
  you could limit the amount of space that a specific hot topic gets , by setting up a nice daily automoderator thread for it . 
  this way , people can still discuss that topic , the discussion stays fresh because the thread is daily , and the frontpage is n't overtaken by it . 
  paging / u/dclauzel : is / r/europe supposed to be a news aggregator ? 
  the solution was to ban the moles , report the harassing to the admins and recruit more mods to spread out the workload , not give in to the moles and let them run roughshod over the subreddit . 
  there is no single most prestigious university , but rather universities that are considered prestigious in certain fields . 
  sns pisa , a grande \u00e9cole on the french model , is considered the most prestigious institution for the more academic subjects such as the sciences or literary studies . 
  politecnico di torino and milano are the top schools for engineering , materials sciences and related fields . 
  bocconi is by far regarded as the best university for finance , economics and business . 
  iirc , bologna 's law school is the most prestigious in the country . 
  i actually do n't know which places are prestigious for medicine , so if anyone wants to chime in i 'd be curious . 
  i know that sant ` anna , again in pisa , has a highly regarded program , but i do n't know if it 's considered the best . 
  beside academic prestige , oftentimes universities are also regarded for being the places where the elites of the future are educated ( oxbridge comes to mind , but also the us ivy league ) . 
  this is n't really the case in italy , where the norm was for people to attend whichever major university was closest . 
  for example , if you look at our most recent pms , all of them went to their city 's university or if insignificant or absent the next closest one . 
   ` we are importing religious conflict , ' well , we are . 
  there 's no doubt about it . 
  the reports about religious conflicts among refugees , or refugees and previously-established migrants , ca n't be dismissed . 
  at the same time , it 's high time that the debate about this issue graduates into adulthood . 
  as it is now , it is largely a series of back and forths between right-wing fear-mongers taking single incidents of conflict and applying them to the entire migrant population , and left-wing people rightfully contesting that this is cherry-picking and oftentimes thinly-veiled bigotry without however giving an alternate model of how these things happen or how extensive they are . 
  i 'm not especially hopeful that this graduation will happen any time soon . 
  there is n't too much to be gained on the anti-immigration side by toning down the rhetoric , and on the left there 's more to be gained by rallying people against the ( very real ) racists and bigots than by calmly admitting that there are issues that come with immigration . 
  it 's the middle of the night in most of europe . 
  only foreigners , expats and insomniacs are active now . 
  well it does , unfortunately , as horrific as that is . 
  i mean , the reason why france still counts for something on the world stage is essentially that it has nukes and sits on the un security council , that alone tells you how much morality and decency matter in these things ( not that it 's immoral to defend yourself in a dangerous world ) . 
   2 ) why have n't malta , italy and greece called for one before ? 
  because it 's pointless to call a meeting when the big guys do n't want to play ball . 
  even little malta could get the eu leaders to sit in a room out of formal respect for a fellow eu member , but it would be little more than a fancier way of asking for help . 
  it would also be an embarassment for the government who called it , a way to formalize that their foreign policy clout is essentially nil ( which would be true regardless but of course is n't as ttrue if it 's never put to the test ) . 
  shut up italy great-a power rinascimento colombo garibaldi ' 15 - '18 never forget ( but pls forget ww2 k ), 
  to be honest that 's unfair . 
  britain was forcibly kept out of the european project for decades , and when it was finally included a lot was done to ensure that its input would n't really influence the direction along which the project proceeded . 
  france was especially bad at this , being the country that worked most to keep britain out and then sideline it after that . 
  i do n't blame britain for being euroskeptic . 
  a lot of the criticism it gave of eu initiatives through the decades were very legitimate ( those of the euro sound especially prophetic now ) , and with the way it was sidestepped at every turn i ca n't blame it for tapping out and leaving the rest of to handle our own messes . 
  i 'll try to be as brief as possible : - both italy and germany , as defeated axis powers , spent 50 years without a real chance to put forth their own foreign policy - as a consequence , for 50 years both their electorates and political classes gave little importance and developed little experience with real foreign policy - when the cold war ended and the overbearing role of the western block waned , that chokehold on their foreign policies lifted , but its effects could n't simply vanish - as a consequence , both countries ( i.e. 
  their electorates and politicians ) are very reluctant and very inept at taking strong , leading stances in foreign policy - but because germany is the largest european economy and european politics have been driven by economic issues for three decades , germany is thrust into that leading role - italy has only half as big an economy , which is still very large by european standards but not large enough that italy does n't need to assert itself to be listened to - however , because italy has n't been asserting itself on the european or world stage for most of its post-war history , it lacks both the internal political mechanisms and the attitude to do so contrast with france , who was both a major world power going into wwii and emerged as a victor . 
  it had a very active and independent foreign policy from day one , which coupled with its significant economic importance meant that france has 70 years of european leadership under its belt and continues in that role to this day . 
  no , regiment is a military unit . 
  you might be thinking of regimen , which modernly refers to a prescribed course of medical treatments but also used to refer to a system of government . 
  i find these comments very informative . 
  only on reddit can you find multiple people who are privy to the details of a eu plan yet to be published , and can already tell me what incentive structure will be used . 
  thankfully these cunning commentators have realized that a `` pay-per-return '' plan would incentivize more illegal immigration , something that clearly could n't have occurred to the plan 's authors . 
  let 's all hope this information can reach them before it 's too late . 
  i 'd rather read a complete report on the living situation of in-transit migrants than watch a video which has a very obivious agenda ( `` migrants \u00b4 invasion - we \u00b4 re taken for a fool '' ) and will only show the parts of the story that will appear to support that narrative . 
  i do n't see anything in this article beyond a personal comment . 
  no details of what the plan would have entailed , no reasoning as for why it would have worked , nothing . 
  it 's basically just an attention-grabbing headline shouting `` cameron 's got no balls says former important person '' . 
  interesting to see that problems become eu problems when they start to affect germany , france or the uk , but are otherwise national issues instead . 
  france and germany in particular have been telling our government for the last two years that securing our border was our responsibility and that any migrants coming in were ours to deal with . 
  glad they finally changed their mind , but this does n't make me particularly hopeful for a eu solution that is fair to all countries rather than the most powerful ones . 
  `` regime '' also means a system or a way of doing things . 
  in this case , the hungarian fingerprint regime is how they fingerprint people coming into the refugee camps ( as opposed to fingerprinting only asylum seeker or whatever other way one could go about it ) . 
  as you can see from the map in my screenshot , this thread in particular was posted to / r/europe , not / r/askeurope ( although op did also post that request there and elsewhere ) . 
  as far as i know , there is no dmz that is unclaimed , so to transfer anyone you would need the consent of the relevant sovereign state . 
   europe is facing the biggest flood of immigrants and refugees ever . 
  [ not ever ] ( http://grafik-jetzt.de/beispiele/hands/romans_vs_barbarians_battle.jpg ) . 
  there are four [ terrae nullius ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terra_nullius ) , lands that are unclaimed by any state . 
  however , three are microterritories resulting from incongruent border claims , much too small for any meaningful population and * de facto * controlled by one of the bordering states ; the fourth is a slice of antartica , which can not sustain even a small population without massive per-capita investment . 
   so turkey , italy and hungary are just areas they 're passing through . 
  `` just '' is n't very descriptive of the situation . 
  in 2014 , italy rescued an estimated 170.000 migrants and received 66.000 asylum requests . 
  that alone points to the fact that we are no longer `` just '' a transit country , but rather a destination by ourselves ( as we used to be during previous migration waves ) . 
  on top of that , maritime rescue efforts impose a special strain on italy ( and greece ) . 
  our navy is out in the med ( now with eu assistance ) plucking thousands of people out of the water every day . 
  they are then taken to land , triaged , treated , fed , clothed and put up in temporary housing . 
  afterwards , they are transported over the country to try and lessen the load on the overburdened sicilian centers . 
  all of that constitutes a massive logistical undertaking which weights almost entirely on our shoulders . 
  even if a majority of these migrants will attempt to move on to northern europe , they are likely to remain in italy for several months . 
  finally : i 've concentrated on italy , but it 's incorrect to say that turkey is a just a transit country . 
  turkey hosts nearly two million refugees itself and it is in fact the premier destination for syrians fleeing the civil war . 
   people tend to over react over swastika these days . 
  might that be because there have been ~ ~ dozens ~ ~ ( turns out it 's 200 ) of neonazi attacks against refugees and this flag in particular was raised in front of a refugee center ? 
  i 'm not an expert on finnish affairs but i 'll hazard that context here might explain a few things . 
   i do n't think they need a defence our constitution thankfully does, 
  with what resources ? 
  a criminal trial is a criminal trial , it 's going to take up x man-hours from judges and clerks in any case . 
  how do they know ? 
   it is worth remembering that mass decolonization was proposed after the horrors of the second world war , after which europeans discovered that it was morally indefensible to subjugate their fellow human beings to imperial rule . 
  [ mfw this is what reactionaries actually believe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o3znqdd.gifv )  the humanitarian solution to the third world is neocolonialism [ neocolonialism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neocolonialism ) is already a thing and , [ . 
  ] ( http://cdn.meme.am/instances/57339841.jpg ) , it sucks . 
   and stems from islamist groups that even paredate 9/11 . 
  which were n't at work in iraq before we invaded it , because saddam accepted no challenges to his power and kept them out . 
  it was the western invasion that let al quaeda ( from which isis originated ) into iraq . 
  pretty well , we stopped getting our judicial system gunked up in useless work . 
  it 's a nice soundbite but it does n't really say much . 
  i 'd rather know which percentage of new businesses belongs to immigrants . 
  according to various reports immigrants own about 7 % to 10 % of businesses registered in italy , which is in line with a foreign resident population of about 7.5 % . 
  i 've yet to understand why [ arbitration panels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_arbitration_tribunal ) in matters other than contract law are supposed to be a good thing . 
  by all means get two companies before an arbitrator to resolve their dispute , but why the heck should we have people who have n't gone through the full education and vetting process of a judge decide on matters of marriage or inheritance ?
