  is there unicorn poop smell in my room ? 
  are there meaningful numbers of immigrants in italy whose arrival ca n't be traced to any known event ? 
  are there unexplained traces of hundreds of people making a dangerous night landing , like bodies , lost items and clothing and other such things ? 
  because if you ca n't , which as far as i know is the case , then you might just admit that you were just wrong and we can stop with this silly discussion . 
  we 've imported and bastardized a fair bit of your cuisine , after all you did rule a significant portion of this country for a hefty amount of time . 
  i would like to see a more widespread adoption of kaiserschmarrn though , that seems to be confied to our border regions and it 's too delicious to leave it to our wannabe austrians . 
   it 's schnitzel on a plate of bolognese spaghetti . 
  it 's an easy way to give brain aneurysms to italian tourists . 
  bolognese spaghetti is already a way to give us aneurysms , because it 's usually not bolognese and we do n't put it on spaghetti in any case . 
  but schnitzel on meatball spaghetti ? 
  why god , why ... 
  there are places in italy where calling the patty svizzera is more common than calling it hamburger . 
  we call that krapfen in italy as well , or sometimes bombolone , which kinda sounds like `` big fluffy bomb '' , which i guess is perfectly apt . 
   in finland russian salad is called italian salad ( italiansalaatti ) in italy we called it insalata russa , russian salad . 
   and that bad border patrols in these countries lead to problems in those countries bad border patrols ? 
  i do n't remember , nor could i find , a single case of a migrant boat evading our naval patrol in the mediterranean . 
  the problem here has got very little to do with failure of surveillance and very much to do with smugglers exploiting our laws about sea rescue and refugees to make us deliver migrants to the coast for them . 
  `` due to security concerns created by the recent aggression from the kiev government , we have have started training crews to fly our drones over european land borders as well '', 
   and that their concerns with the structure and direction of the eu is recognised and addressed can someone write a list of `` concerns of the british public regarding the eu '' and legitimately claim that it is what the majority of britain thinks ? 
  because it seems to me that while euroskepticism is pretty much universal , there 's very little substance to the public debate beyond immigration . 
  it 's going to be something like : - `` we lost control of the drone during a training exercise and it strayed into ukrainian airspace '' - `` the drone was patrolling our border when we lost control and it strayed into ukrainian airspace '' - `` the drone was flying over ukraine to monitor the ceasefire '', 
  or maybe we could use other systems of democratic representation , like our parliamentary elections , to enact our will regarding various issues like immigration . 
  surprisingly that 's happened multiple times and we 've had increasingly harsher laws on immigration as a result of the widespread anti-immigration sentiment . 
  it 's a bad move if you are single and \\ or you work an unskilled trade . 
  a young professional couple can do quite well living in london , although it needs to be said that it could never dream of buying a house there with current prices . 
  currently my gf and i are waiting to see whether this awful housing bubble bursts in time for us to get on the property ladder here , otherwise we 'll move elsewhere . 
  we love london but we are not planning on raising a family beholden to the whims of landlords . 
   i 'd love to move further out , but transport prices especially for rail make the idea very unattractive . 
  to be more specific : it can * easily * be the case that moving further out the combination of transport costs and council tax makes it actually * more * expensive to live there . 
  that 's what i find almost every year when i do my regular review of living options : if we moved further out we could afford a somewhat larger place that would cost slightly more but would add a significant commute to our daily routine . 
  i 'd rather have a smaller place and a very short commute for slightly less . 
   one , if you do n't have rent control landlords will make up for it by raising your rent . 
  which means that you need universal rent controls , not that rent controls are a problem . 
   two , it discourages development because you effectively limiting the potential income stream a prospective owner could earn . 
  then we 'll go back to having housing built by local councils . 
  it was done for decades and it 's what put a roof over millions of british families . 
   i can only speak for nyc , but if rent control was abolished there , rents for the vast majority of renters would fall . 
  so would they if rent controls were extended to the entire housing stock . 
   maylasia and indonesia are doing the same thing ( pushing immigrants back ) maylisia and indonesia were * never * signatories to the csrs , but do n't let reality get in the way of your political fantasy . 
   but i 'll inform you when they do . 
  considering how misinformed you are about the most basic things , i doubt you could inform me about you waking up in the morning , much less events of planetary significance . 
   is this supposed to be a joke of some kind ? 
  no , but you can pretend that it is if it helps you cope with being so wrong about the most basic elements of this discussion . 
  you do n't know what the italian government does or what it did , you have no idea what relevant treaties it 's beholden to , you do n't what relevant treaties other countries that have dealt with similar issues are beholden to , you basically know nothing and you are not even jon snow . 
  there 's no point to me partecipating in this discussion , especially since you seem completely unwilling to listen to anything but your own misinformed fantasy . 
  / u/maestroni 's comment was referring to the op , which is talking about the boat immigrant crisis , not immigration in general ; that 's why his referendum proposal has everything to do with refugees , as a few dozen people have evidently understood . 
  you are now trying to interject with your own pet issue , expulsions , which is fine but there 's no need to try and forcibly connect it to something else . 
  especially since , as you surely know , we ca n't have referenda to propose laws , only to abolish them , so the only way to have a referendum on expulsions or immigration in general would be to have a pointless non-binding consultation . 
  so the `` solution '' to an emergency that 's happening here and now is to overhaul an international treaty that involves dozens of countries and touches a subject in which nearly every one of them has deep and conflicting interests ? 
  no , that 's just burying your head in the sand . 
  you can start a parallel effort to work on the csrs , but that 's going to take years no matter what if you even get some results ; that however does n't do anything to deal with the thousands of people putting themselves out at sea bound for our coasts . 
  you 'll also note , by the way , that those treaties that can be changed relatively quickly are seeing efforts to do so ; the ec is spearheading efforts to overhaul the dublin regulation , which currently creates a disfunctional system for dealing with refugees . 
  everyone who enters italy illegally is an illegal immigrant , which actually does n't change the fact that they might * also * become an asylum seeker . 
  the csrs has specific provisions precisely for this situation , precisely because it 's common for states to criminalize illegal immigration . 
  the two are inextricably linked , and the fact that they are inextricably linked is precisely the reason why we ca n't just send back every boat that comes over the sea . 
   they can leave the treaty ... 
  which has no bearing on the question of whether the matter can be put to a referendum , which it ca n't . 
  the status of refugees is a matter of international treaties ( princiapally the convention relating to the status of refugees ) and , at least in italy , international treaties can not be put to referendum . 
  neither of which is a party of the convention relating to the status of refugees , unlike italy and the rest of europe . 
   aka sending them back once again : that 's illegal under a plethora of international treaties . 
  we did it years ago and we were sued and sentenced to pay damages . 
   take away that chance , and many will stop coming . 
  this is demonstrably false . 
  we stopped our search and rescue operation , operation mare nostrum , in november 2014 ; people kept coming at the same rate as before , but without rescue they died in much greater numbers . 
  a few weeks ago 900 people died in a single incident , which sparked widespread outrage and has lead to a renewed search and rescue operation and the proposed anti-trafficking military operation . 
   renzi is partly responsible for this crisis , as many have warned him in advance . 
  maybe he should 've cooperated with europe before executing his own policy i do n't know what exactly you think happened but renzi did not `` execute his own policy '' regarding boat immigration at any point . 
  from the rest of your comments it seems that you are thinking of operation mare nostrum , which was not started by renzi and was actually ended by his government . 
   because there are no solutions except one ; tow all boats back to where they came from . 
  which is a violation of pretty much every relevant international treaty regarding distress at sea and refugees . 
  when we tried sending people back we were actually sued and sentenced to pay damages . 
  so no , that 's not a solution . 
   the most common complaint ( especially for spain ) is that the perception is that if you 're making money and employing people , you 're clearly victimizing someone . 
  please . 
  nobody leaves a lucrative business because their feelings are hurt . 
  tell me that they left because there was too much bureaucracy , or taxes were too high , or labour laws were too stringent , or credit was too hard to come by and i 'll believe you ; but tell me that they left because people were telling them bad things and i 'll have to call bullshit on their self-reported reasons . 
   something something sexism something something check your privilege . 
  if it comforts you , in italian `` male '' means `` evil '' , as in `` the lord of evil '' -  `` il signore del male '' . 
  so i guess something something satanism something something a name a program ( as we say ) . 
  especially if you do n't just want to send cookie-cutter applications but want to try and tailor them to each application , so that they 'll have a better chance of being accepted . 
   it was n't too difficult for me to find work when i actually went out and applied for it . 
  [ ... ] there is nothing stopping them from filling out some applications and getting a proper paying job . 
  `` there is nothing stopping them '' is an unsubstantiated assumption that you base completely on your personal experience . 
  that 's a terrible , completely invalid way to argue for policy , because your personal background and life situation is extremely unlikely to be representative of everyone or even the group in question . 
  calling it now : the definition of what constitutes community work will be stretched a little and soon `` community work companies '' will show up purpoting to employ people on youth allowance in community projects , while in reality using them as dirt-cheap labour to out-compete active companies that are already employing others at minimum wage . 
   i bet there is a correlation and i still bet sweden comes out on top . 
   this just seems to be the typical progressive rubbish of denying the obvious truths for the sake of an imaginary political philosophy . 
  this just seems to be the typical racist rubbish of believing in `` obvious '' `` truths '' that are literally founded upon make-belief : `` i bet '' is n't an argument . 
  [ general northwood ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32428500 ) , the former commander of the eu anti-piracy mission off the horn of africa , makes the same point that i 've been making for a while : destroying boats wo n't be nearly enough . 
  boats , as he says , are `` cheap and plentiful '' . 
  destroying the smuggling networks will require more than bombing boats . 
  [ these god-damned turned-up bottoms ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fyt2pnk.jpg ) apparently everyone has to go about as if they had their pants mistailored . 
  we really do n't know yet . 
  the city police chief confirmed that initial investigations found no evidence of mental illness which , granted , does n't mean that there was n't any , just that it was never diagnosed . 
  so far it seems that the guy just snapped and shot his mother-in-law , his brother and then started shooting out on the street from his balcony , killing a traffic cop and a florist . 
  he had a fair few guns in his house ( all legally owned and used for hunting ) , so he might have had easy access and just gone for a rifle . 
  our former pm did orgies with underage prostitutes and had mafia connections . 
  beat that !, 
  the headline is simply false . 
  there has been no ban on the catalan independence flag , only on the display of any partisan flag from public buildings during the electoral campaign .
