  if that 's not good enough for you then sorry , but we have multiple priorities to handle . 
  our economy is in the toilet , our political system is in shambles and our youngest and most brilliant are leaving our country in droves . 
  if france wants to pony up the money for a few thousand more policemen , several dozen migration centers and their running costs , i 'm sure we can reach the quickest deal . 
  otherwise , you 'll have to deal with the terrible inconvenience of patrolling a few stretches of passable land along our mountainous and mostly impenetrable shared border . 
  i 'm sure you 'll manage . 
   i know it 's a time honoured italian tradition to let immigrants leave your country easily since the paris attacks you 've been lashing out against every other country in the eu for not doing their part to your personal satisfaction . 
  tell me , when did france do its part ? 
  italy has been dealing with the migrant crisis long before europe noticed and to the best of its possibilities , being a country in deep financial and economic trouble . 
  we set up an s&r mission while the rest of europe completely ignored the issue , and are still commanding and providing most of the resources for the current european s&r mission , on top of * every single * on-shore processing and care facility for those who are rescued . 
  what else do you exactly want us to do ? 
  our police forces patrol train stations and major routes going north for migrants , but of course they do n't catch everyone . 
  we have insufficient secure processing facilities to keep everyone in , especially since these migrants do not want to stay there . 
  what did france do for you to be able to afford this smugness ? 
  did it spearhead european efforts towards orderly resettlement ? 
  did it lead the way in creating an effective repatriation system for denied asylum claimants ? 
  no , italy and greece did that for years and were ignored , and now germany is taking the lead . 
   the eu plan is to have them registered in greece and keep them there that 's exactly what i said . 
   the goal is not to turn greece into a migrant camp yes , it is . 
  there is no plan to redistribute refugees ; the only plan in place is for the redistribution of 160k refugees belonging to the already-registered group , and even that plan has only managed to move a few hundred people . 
  there is no plan for the new migrants , and there wo n't be at least for months . 
  in the meantime , the eu has forced greece to keep all the migrants it receives without any precise end in sight , i.e. 
  turn itself into a migrant camp . 
   at the same time , steps in the form of talks with turkey are taken to stop the flow of refugees . 
  even assuming the current deal is signed now and implemented right away , it will not start seeing repatriations until june 2016 . 
  that 's 6 months down the line , or hundreds of thousands of more people landing in greece for which there is * no * plan at all beside keeping them there . 
   is n't the eu hotspot concept part of that ? 
  the eu hotpost concept is exactly that : a rebranding of the `` let 's turn border countries into giant migrant camps '' idea to make it less shameful to propose . 
   the ones who are n't will be deported with the help of frontex . 
  they should , but that mechanism is not remotely in place . 
  until it is , which even with an immediate deal with turkey will take at least until june 2016 , the denied asylum claimants will be stuck where they are , i.e. 
  in greece . 
   the ones who are refugees will be resettled to other eu countries . 
  once again , that mechanism is not functioning . 
  the 160k resettlement plan has so far moved a few hundred people , and the extra resettlement that the hotpost concept would require has not been agreed-to even on paper . 
   if economic migrants are n't able to reach the generous parts of the eu , they will stop trying sooner or later . 
  and what happens in the meantime ? 
  the rest of the eu is surely happily free of the need to deal with new migrants , but greece is plunged into an impossible situation . 
   joint eu border force what are you referring to ? 
  the only joint eu border ` force ' is frontex , an agency so pitifully understaffed it has absolutely no roles in coastal patrol . 
  italy accepted a ` frontex ' mission months ago , which in the span of two months had let so many people drown it had to be augmented with ships from half of europe to be actually workable . 
  the only substantive frontex proposal for greece was the one they were just forced to accept : 400 officers to staff the * northern * border and make sure migrants stay in greece . 
  if orban can build a fence in the middle of the aegean , we might yet see a new world wonder ( i suggest +5 production , +2 great person points , -5 % unrest ) . 
   greece succumbed to eu pressure on thursday ( 3 december ) to accept help on defending its borders i did n't know `` defending your borders '' meant `` preventing migrants from leaving your borders '' . 
  because that 's what the eu `` help '' consists of :  agreed to let eu staff help with migrant registration on its northern border migrants are n't entering greece from the northern border , they are leaving it . 
  the eu is n't helping greece at all , it 's threatening greece with a schengen suspension to force it to keep the migrants there . 
   greece also accepted help from other eu members to reinforce greek guards patrolling the aegean islands . 
  which , under current rules , means that they 'll be more efficient in rescuing and ferrying migrants to greece . 
  this has nothing to do with border protection . 
   it will receive tents , generators , ambulances , water pumps , and other supplies to help house migrants and refugees . 
  the above is if anyone doubted that the eu plan is to contain the migrants in greece . 
  this is not at all about defending the greek ( or eu ) border and completely about turning greece into a giant migrant camp . 
  -- ** tl ; dr ** the eu has forced greece to turn itself into a migrant camp . 
  it 's going to give no help in preventing migrants from reaching greece , it will just forcibly turn the country into a giant migrant camp . 
  what to do with those migrants is currently not planned . 
  no , he concluded that . 
  he 's a free man now . 
  as an italian , i wish , at least there would the consolation that he was into refined and expensive perversions . 
  look up the kind of whores he got ... 
  billionaire who 's gotten away with everything from tax evasion to gross bribery and the worst he suffered was having to spend one evening once a week doing the accounting for a charity . 
  they are figurehead monarchs , you ca n't expect them to go down the streets sword in hand hunting for terrorists , that 's for real monarchs . 
   `` what they did is a private matter . '' [ that 's for the best ] ( https://rs1043.pbsrc.com/albums/b436/electricdragon_2010/funny/133765694211.gif~c200 ), 
  you should message the moderators , they 'd love to hear about it !, 
  otherwise , there is / r/europemeta ; but make sure to read the rules , it is a heavily censored sub :(, 
   ukip is an economically capitalist party that believes in a small state , as do i. i am not a big fan of the all encompassing welfare culture wait , are you telling me i 'm wrong when i say anti-refugee parties only care for the poor if they can bash immigrants , by telling me that you only care for the poor when you can bash immigrants ? 
  a meta post is a post about the subreddit rather than the subreddit 's topic . 
  like this one !, 
  you ca n't make meta posts in / r/europe :(, 
  metaposting means posting meta !, 
  that is very bad , it 's even against the rules !, 
  because we oppress freedom of speech :( but seriously it 's because you are metaposting in / r/europe . 
  that is very bad , you can catch things that way . 
   especially since we 've some of our own people to take care of who are in desperate poverty . 
  kek , the virulently anti-refugee parties * only * bring up welfare when they can say `` we should n't give money to refugees , we should give it to poor nationals ! '', 
  ukip , sd , fn and the nl do n't have a welfare platform in their manifesto 's . 
  they literally do n't give a flying about poor people unless they can use them to bash immigrants . 
  ukip 's manifesto literally only talks about welfare when they call for less welfare for immigrants . 
  the nl cut pensions and unemployment benefits when it was in power for crying out loud . 
   it looks like it is fake , it feels thinner . 
  like a printout . 
  i had the same feeling when the new 10 $ was introduced , but it passes . 
  especially if you do n't live in the eurozone anymore and thus do n't handle them [ \u0332\u0305 # ( \u0332\u0305 \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 \u0332\u0305 ) \u0332\u0305 # ], 
  i for one welcome several months of seeing the new note and thinking it must a bad fake, 
   perhaps we should use some of that instead to help flailing states like greece or portugal but the same parties against refugees are also the ones that do n't want to give money to greece and portugal . 
  your objection makes as much sense as saying `` macedonia refused 400 european drug agency officers , so instead they 'll let everyone smuggle in blood diamonds '' . 
  the frontex staff would have played no role in coastal patrols . 
   that 400 frontex guys are going to take over their country ? 
  no , they think that mission staff with a murky mandate and chain of command is going to cause a lot of issues down the line . 
  example : frontex official says a man has a right to enter greece , greek official says he does n't . 
  whose opinion prevails ? 
  to which higher authority do they refer ? 
  this has to be clarified if the 400 staff are to be a help rather than a hindrance . 
   but placing a ban on printing it there is n't one though . 
  the copyright simply reverted to bavaria since hitler left no heirs , and the bavarian government has declined to have it printed until now . 
  reading just the headline , one would figure that he gunned down people with technique learned from the police . 
  nothing of the sort of course : he went to syria in 2013 and was almost certainly trained to handle rifles there . 
  in france he only attented an introductory firearms course where he learned to shoot pistols . 
  he had no prior record and was not known as a radicalized element , so there is absolutely nothing strange with him being allowed to join a weapons class that was open to the public . 
  basically , this is just a curio . 
  if the guy had not attended that class , nothing would have changed . 
   the guy returns the question asking why the russians signed a non-aggression pact with someone who wrote a book explaining that his # 1 enemy is communism .
