  in here they 're not very significant in amount eu funds constitute more than 1 % of gdp for every eastern european country , with a peak of 5.3 % of gdp ( lithuania ) . 
  1 point of free growth courtesy of the rest of europe is something that seems very significant to me , but i 'm yet to see a single eastern european redditor be anything more than dismissive of it . 
  it 's all true , but you are only considering one side of the equation : the direct job losses . 
  the net effect , however , will be the result of job losses and job creation in new sectors . 
  some of these new sectors we can imagine : many more people will work as engineers , electricians , mechanics , programmers and analysists in the robotics industry . 
  reduced traffic congestion and a smaller requirement for industrial real estate will change the way we design cities , which might open up business opportunities that were so far crowded out by the need for reduntant infrustructure and factory space . 
  i 'll make that trade in a heartbeat , but i do n't think eastern european countries would . 
  what they have now is a great deal : they get billions upon billions every year , and once in a while they are forced to refuse our requests for burden sharing . 
  that 's about the extent of their partecipation and it seems to me that it 's very well compensated . 
   however , in the next 50 years it 's expected to completely eliminate between 30-50 % of the workforce ( without creating new jobs ) mostly in service and manufacturing , but also in transportation . 
  it 's a pretty big claim to be able to predict which jobs will be eliminated and not replaced , what reasoning or evidence do you have to support it ? 
   all those foreigners will be legalized just in time for the election german elections are every 4 years , refugees can apply for german citizenship at the earliest 6 years after their asylum application has been accepted . 
  it 's literally impossible to legalize all those foreigners just in time for the election . 
  nice evasion , but do you have an actual reply ? 
  do you think that our standards of religious freedom should be based on what they do in saudi arabia ? 
   europe is a christian continent europe is a continent ruled by law . 
  slovakia bandies the dublin regulation as the treaty that forces countries of first entry ( i.e. 
  not slovakia ) to deal with refugees . 
  it 's the leg on which it stands to say that she has no duty of solidarity to help with the migrant crisis . 
  but slovakia also signed the european convention on human rights , with which it bound itself not to discriminate on the basis of religion . 
  slovakia does n't get to pick and choose which treaties apply based on convenience , otherwise i want to do that too . 
  slovakia says that `` muslims would n't integrate well '' there . 
  i have better reasons : we do n't have the money to handle all these refugees . 
  maybe we should refuse to take back from slovakia any immigrant that is found there and determined to have originally arrived in italy . 
  maybe we should keep the portion of eu payments we make every year that go to slovakia . 
   muslims themselves prohibit non muslims to enter mecca and no one has an issue with that i have an issue with that , but are you telling me i 'm wrong to hold my country to a higher standard of religious freedoms than saudi arabia ? 
   therefore according to what you said islam `` does n't belong in a democracy that adheres to human rights . '', 
  no , according to what he said islamic law does n't belong in a democracy which adheres to human rights . 
  neither does biblical law belong in such a democracy , considering the kind of barbarism it prescribes . 
  the italian immigration debate is unemployed , because it 's 25 years old and has n't done anything all this time . 
  the center-left is for rescuing immigrants , but has absolutely no plan what to do with them . 
  the center-right is for turning immigrants away , except it 's been in government several times and never even came close to doing it . 
  the right-wing populists ca n't make up their mind about it ; the parliamentary hard left can hardly find the toilet bowl in the morning , let alone stand for its ideals . 
  i agree , it 's an injustice . 
  i propose that any one who so wishes should be able to exchange his station with a refugee : his house for the refugee 's spot in an immigration camp or assigned housing , his clothes for the refugee 's clothes , his income for the refugee 's income . 
   do you want rising communist , nazi and fascist parties ? 
  considering that most communists are internationalists who would flat-out abolish borders , i doubt an immigration crisis would win them any support . 
  til that dyke is also a valid alternate spelling of dike and not just a homophobic slur . 
  nobody visits an airport ; the only reason to fly into a small island 's airport is to visit the island itself . 
  it 's the island that needs to be made more attractive and be better marketed , not the airport . 
  ctrl+f `` italian '' , 28 results . 
  i never realized my terrible accent would help me score in france . 
  good to know . 
  i think italian is far easier phonetically , both in the way each word is spoken and in the way words are connected to one another . 
  in most cases italian words are and sound distinct ; in french , many words are phonetically connected to the next one in a sentence , making it harder to tell them apart . 
  however , for the same reason , french flows much more easily , which makes it sound more harmonious . 
  that 's because you 've yet to adopt the superior hieroglyphic alphabet , which of course has [ a symbol for tut ] ( http://www.mummies2pyramids.info/images/glyph-t.png ) . 
   khyber pakhtunkhwa are not . 
  i can believe that . 
  & gt ; be president of pakistan & gt ; military advisor bursts into my office & gt ; executed because fear of coup & gt ; terrified subordinate tells me he actually had message & gt ; tells me there 's been an uprising in khyber pakhtunkhwa & gt ; mfw my subordinates speak gibberish & gt ; have him executed for mocking the president & gt ; i love my job, 
  yes , but after living in the uk where it 's basically another letter of the alphabet i ca n't really say we really use it . 
  it means `` a boy named prese , in the spot where a guy named mise put the word `` mise '' put instead `` misero '' . 
  poor him !, 
  he put `` misero '' instead . 
  prese got a 3/10 '' the context is that prese and mise are translating from greek to italian for a test , and while mise correctly translated with the third person singular `` mise '' , prese made a mistake and translated with the third person plural , `` misero '' , so he got a low mark . 
  do n't leave us hanging like that , what 's in the recipe ? 
  i want to make it . 
  in german that would be the word for `` bless you '' . 
  well i did n't now that , thanks . 
   pretty generous with other peoples ' money . 
  it 's not a matter of being generous , it 's a matter of being selfish in a smart way . 
  if you have an outstanding credit with a bankrupt ( or near-bankrupt ) debtor , it makes more sense * for yourself * to cut down his debt so that he can at least repay you part of it , rather than be inflexible and eventually lose everything . 
  and it makes sense to negotiate a repayment agreement that does n't cripple him financially , for the same reasons . 
  is n't schauble pretty dead set against it ? 
   `` authentic etruscan mountain village '' as far as i know , there is no standing etruscan architecture of any kind left in italy . 
  that village was almost certainly built less than 300 years ago . 
   one thing though , what 's up with the sagging power lines ? 
  i do n't remember power lines sagging any more than i 've seen in switzerland , but maybe it 's a regional thing ? 
  would n't surprise me ... 
   more like 90 % of the time . 
  if the menu is in english first and italian second ( or not at all ) , i 'd go for 99 % chance of tourist trap , 0.5 % of regular place just not that good , 0.4 % of ok place , 0.1 % actually good . 
   what about a sunday roast ? 
  nobody outside of britain knows what a sunday roast is though . 
  i 'd give it to pizza . 
  had a leftover slice ( prosciutto ) a few days ago , but the last full one i made myself in early july ( fiordilatte and prosciutto ) . 
   what you do , and what has been done , is for parliaments to set out red lines - `` we wo n't approve this deal if this/that is in it '' . 
  interesting plan . 
  how are parliaments supposed to know which red lines they should set ? 
  i 'll give you an example : say everyone expects a trade deal to be about trade , so parliament drafts up a lot of red lines about trade . 
  but in the negotiation some party inserts a clause about , say , harmonization of driving side of the road standards . 
  that certainly has something to do with trade ( for example we can all have cars configured the same way ) , but no parliament is likely to think that something like that is going to be talked about . 
  you can build a thousand examples like this one . 
  there are myriad things that could go into a trade deal which parliament would n't individually approve of but could n't reasonably anticipate . 
  an open process allows those things to be discussed * before * they become packaged with a ton of other things in a all-or-nothing decision . 
   you elect your representatives to steer this kind of deal . 
  the mental gymnastics are astounding . 
  here 's how this process is supposed to work in the minds of the pro-ttip brigade : - the ttip negotiations are secret , so nobody can know what is being discussed - because of that , no specific provision can become an item of discussion during election time - i 'm still supposed to elect my representatives based on what they 'd do on the negotiations , even if they ca n't tell me because they either do n't know * what * is being negotiated or ca n't speak about it it 's absolute genius . 
   `` nah , nvm , turns out austerity worked , but like , uh , in spite of you losers ! '', 
  whoever is saying this forgot the last few months . 
  syriza has been accused pretty much right away of having broken austerity pledges and started spending again . 
  it turns out that it worked , so now the rhetoric is that they were doing austerity all along and this proves austerity works . 
  in short , whatever happens , austerity works . 
   in other words , things were finally getting back before the `` hero of the people '' started to have a fit and renegotiated the deal before this data was announced : `` syriza 's end of austerity killed confidence and stopped the tenuous growth that we had seen before '' after this data is announced : `` syriza 's renegotiation of the deal killed confidence and stopped the strong growth that we had seen before '' the mental gymnastics that some people do to avoid recognizing syriza 's merits are astounding . 
  syriza cut back on austerity and the country started to grow again , so now the story is that their new deal is going to ruin everything . 
   he got ` disproved ' on a piece of temporal commentary which ? 
  you forgot a few of these : [ citation needed ], 
  krugman got disproven because the greek government slowed the pace of austerity and the economy recovered ? 
  he got disproven because what he predicted would happen happened ? 
   there 's a lot of hydroelectricity in the alps and so on do n't know about the rest of alpine europe , but italy is already tapping 90 % of its theoretical hydro capacity ( [ source ] ( http://www.eniscuola.net/argomento/idroelettrica/conoscere-lidroelettrica/energia-idroelettrica-in-italia/ ) in italian ) . 
  the remaining 10 % presents considerable economic , technological and ecological hurdles .
