   italy , apparently , expects a company to pay tax on a all global profits in italy if they do any business there . 
  no , we do n't , and your friend is giving you nothing but corporate propaganda . 
  we expect companies to pay tax on profits made here , and to not try to use accounting tricks to divert profits to different tax jurisdictions , like apple did . 
  your friend is lying to you by pretending that apple making profits in italy and diverting them to ireland makes those ` worldwide ' rather than italian profits , and that it 's perfectly reasonable that apple should be able to pick and choose where it pays her taxes regardless of where it does business . 
   i 'm sure things like hookah , belly dancing , and harem girls are n't what isis would approve of . 
  oh i doubt they are n't hypocrites . 
  the fuckers probably drink , smoke , do drugs and fuck like rabbits , but * they * can because they are doing god 's work . 
  so like if a cool song comes up and you feel like jamming along , the pub can be fined if it does n't have a license ? 
  that 's horrible, 
  italy is the only country in the world that mandates a bidet in every house : [ decreto ministeriale sanit\u00e0 5 luglio 1975 ] ( http://www.bosettiegatti.eu/info/norme/statali/1975_dm0507.htm ) :  art . 
  article .7 [ ... ] for every dwelling-place , at least one bathroom must be furnished with the following sanitary implements : wc , ** bidet ** , bath tub or shower , basin . 
   some of my friends used to have bidets in two of their bathrooms , but had them uninstalled because they were never used . 
  * shudder *, 
   you drink it in two sips and then you 're like : `` what the hell am i supposed to drink now ? '', 
  a few sips of acqua frizzante , which is why they automatically give you a glass of it with coffee in every italian bar . 
   just make it the other way around and see the outrage . 
  has ukraine invaded , occupied and annexed russian territory ? 
  and no , putin 's excuse of `` but they are ethnic russians '' does n't work when until months before you fully and officially recognized that territory as belonging to ukraine with no dispute . 
   sounds like they are legitimizing it by not paying . 
  how does it remotely sound like it ? 
  if you lent me money and before the loan 's due date you stole my car , my refusal to repay the loan on the due date does n't make your theft legitimate . 
  that 's not how it even remotely works . 
   in what regard are they `` fighting '' for human rights ? 
  what kind of actions have been partaken to save human life in north korea , china or the middle east ? 
  i do n't understand the question : did you not read the link i provided ? 
  if you are curious about what they do in general , [ here 's their `` what we do '' page ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/what-we-do/ ) . 
  tl ; dr : they provide legal and practical aid to victims of human rights abuses , political and corporate whistleblowers , prisoners who have been subjected to torture or inhumane treatment , victims of censorship , indengeous people , rape and other sexual crimes victims ; they lobby at the international and national level for things like arms trades treaties , bans on torture , abolition of the death penalty , sanctions against oppressive regimes ; they collect , collate , analyze and disseminate data on all these issues . 
   profoundly crying ( a.k.a. 
  raising awareness ) does n't do jack to elevate anyone 's suffering . 
  i do n't understand how you can live in the information age and think that disseminating data does n't have a practical effect on the world . 
  nobody is ever going to do anything about a warlord murdering people in africa if nobody knows about it , and people knowing about it does n't happen automatically ( especially when the victims and witnessses are often poor , ignorant and oppressed ) . 
  awareness campaigns by amnesty and others have been the first steps in getting things done , from setting up effective arms embargos to launching humanitarian relief efforts . 
  it does far more than ` jack ' , even if it is not as immediatley evident as handing out food and bandages . 
   it seems to me like 99 % of their work is protecting criminals and attention whoring . 
  kimjongxs can put an entire country into labour camps and nobody bats an eye . 
  look who bats several eyes at human rights abuses in north korea : [ amnesty international ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/asia-and-the-pacific/north-korea/ ) . 
  99 % of what they do is , of course , fighting for human rights in places normally forgotten and given up on by the rest of the world . 
  this is so easy to figure out using google the only two possible reasons to say otherwise are deliberate ignorance or deliberate lying . 
  which is it ? 
   completely value-less with no effort or talent required . 
  allright then , make some . 
  if you truly believe that it takes no talent or effort to produce a picasso , make one ( or a dozen ) and become a bazillionaire . 
  go on , thank me later . 
  for context : a national law already establishes that face coverings are not allowed inside public buildings , except with `` justified cause '' . 
  court cases had found that religious belief constituted justified cause . 
  this regional decree aims to amend that as far as buildings belonging to the regional administration go ( which is a fairly small but important subset of public buildings , including a lot of hospitals ) . 
  however , it 's improbable that a simple administrative decision will take precedence over jurisprudence rooted in the constitutional right to freedom of religion . 
  that 's despite whether you personally agree that freedom of religion means we should let people not show their face : the current situation is that according to italian law it does . 
  of course , the inevitable courts cases might go in a completely different way , there 's no way to tell ( as precedent is n't binding in our legal system ) . 
  personally , i do n't think anyone seriously thinks this is going to change the legal situation : it 's simply the regional government taking a stand as a reaction to the paris attacks , as they announced this in the immediate aftermath . 
  yes , but i was being less philosophical and more practical :p in terms of the machine itself , most losses are thermal as opposed to , say , radiative . 
  ultimately , heat . 
  but it 's not so much a matter of energy getting lost as us not being able to start and maintain the kind of fusion reaction that we need to produce more energy . 
  the goal is not so much to reduce the losses of energy being put it , it 's to increase the energy that it produced by the machine . 
  we have politics so interesting they drive comedians into politics . 
  the italy brothers would study three different things : - the older brother would study mechanical engineering and work 9-5 in a medium-sized company for 42.5 years . 
  he would make a product that is surprisingly successful but also boringly technical , something like a particular type of gear that is used by packaging machines the world over but nobody knows exists . 
  - the middle brother would enroll in history , switch to greek philology midway , then find his true passion with modern lit and finally graduate in cinema in a comfortable 14 years . 
  he would write three books , only one of which worth reading , and volunteer for a minor leftist organization of no political impact but great cultural events . 
  - the youngest brother would want to become a scientist , study chemistry , graduate with his supervisor promising him a placement as a doctoral student then find out there is no money for it . 
  he 'd scramble to find a doctorate somewhere and end up working in a high-tier foreign university and write a blog on the issues of scientific research in italy . 
   the far-left socialists are currently in power if hollande is far-left what 's melenchon , literally stalin ? 
   since the catholic faith is very centralised . 
  the head of the church is located in its own state , which controls the payment of the priests etc priests are actually paid by the local archidiocese , with no meaningful involvement from the vatican . 
  it 's not even terribly centralized in terms of religious practice ; while of course official dogma is set by the pope and the various councils , dogma covers a surprisingly small set of catholic beliefs and many things ( like the manner of worship at local shrines , which is very important for folk religion ) is left to local episcopalian councils . 
  it 's a very decentralized structure , because it evolved in an age when communication over long distances took weeks and transport of meaningful of funds was nigh on impossible . 
  mine smell like shit i 'm starting to get worried . 
  not having a national id document and relying on things like utility bills , payslips and other such items for identification and proof of residence . 
  i could n't falsify an italian id card to an acceptable standard , but i could falsify any kind of utility bill or bank statement in about 5 minutes , and that includes finding a base document to modify and downloading a pdf editor . 
  i mean i 'm on your side on principle ( as is the law in most of europe i think ) , but i really do n't begrudge the random host their crapper charge with how often i 've had to make emergency use of one . 
  why not a lukewarm jet of water softly massaging your butthole as the detritus is washed away though ? 
  why not the tender , loving caress of gentle genital detergent sensuously sanitazing your bottom ? 
   i just do n't get why this is better , or acceptable . 
  if the bathroom is kept squeaky clean , i 'm happy to pay to use it . 
  of course i 'm happier not to pay to use it , but i 'll settle for paying if the alternative is wading in piss and pieces of toilet paper . 
  you met an edgy teenager playing the misanthropic , too-noble-for-this-debased-world type on omegle . 
  the guy seems to have notions of country life and upper class culture derived from bbc serials and possibly a superficial reading of some period novel . 
   yes . 
  that 's the real issue . 
  the social stigma but that same stigma exists among all religious groups and even things like football clubs and the like . 
  is n't there an * extra * problem , on top of the stigma , when that cultural and social pressure is reinforced through an institution that has all the appearances and trappings of legality and which the state seemingly allows to operate ? 
   we should ban any law that 's not adjudicated by british law . 
  ... would that be such a bad thing ? 
  i sincerely ask . 
  i get why people want to do arbitration : there 's no need to involve the courts to settle every single dispute . 
  but why should n't arbitration have to follow the principles of local law , or some kind of regulation or standard of fairness ? 
  for example , would it be crazy to have a board of arbitrators from which you can fired if you 're discovered dismissing an abuse victim in a marriage-related case ? 
  i 've already had this discussion in / r/europe and i still do n't get it : why would anyone in power think that religious arbitration courts are a good idea for matters traditionally handled unequally by religions like marriage and divorce ? 
  how did they come to exist ? 
  it 's not as easy to push around italy as it is greece , and italy is the entry point for many less migrants than greece . 
  also , the italian land border is nearly entirely mountainous , which means there are very few points of crossing and they can be patrolled much more effectively ( that includes trains and other mass transport means ) . 
  in short , the odds are very little . 
  frontex does n't have the resources to make a meaningful impact in italy , and there is not the political capital , will or need to force italy into something similar . 
   so how do other countries mp 's vote ? 
  in italy , formal votes use a button system in front of each parlamentarian 's desk , [ like this ] ( http://image.nanopress.it/r/fgd/www.agi.it/uploads/newson/23/dl/23dlm2njv28sxe87wg9d6g/img1024-700_dettaglio2_pianisti-camera-senato.jpg ) . 
  the buttons are sunk in a pit , so in case of secret ballots you ca n't see which button was pressed by somebody else . 
   what did italy do ? 
  it 's no good to ask rhetorical questions to which i already answered :  we set up an s&r mission while the rest of europe completely ignored the issue , and are still commanding and providing most of the resources for the current european s&r mission , on top of every single on-shore processing and care facility for those who are rescued . 
   what else do you exactly want us to do ? 
  our police forces patrol train stations and major routes going north for migrants , but of course they do n't catch everyone .
