  besides , it belies your own argument that the french economy is `` declining '' ( whatever exactly you meant ) because of their corporate tax rate : you can see that the u.s. has a significantly ** higher ** corporate tax rate of 39.1 % , yet its economy is steaming ahead . 
  japan is another economy with a higher corporate tax rate ( 37 % ) which is performing better than france 's both in terms of growth and unemployment . 
  several of the economies listed ( italy and greece for example ) have significantly lower corporate tax rates , yet they are underperforming compared to france . 
  now , of course , you could argue that there are further reasons why the us economy is performing better despite the higher corporate tax rate ( and so for the other cases ) but that only goes back to my point : your single-factor attribution of french economic ( un - ) performance to the corporate tax rate was unjustified and , in the face of even the most basic counter-argument , completely untenable . 
  doggerland would need to be tilted counter-clockwise a fair bit to match the orientation of beleriand , and then pushed south into warmer climates . 
  numenor itself was never part of beleriand nor raised from where the continent sunk , so the identification with britain in this map is hard to defend . 
  it would be more of a case that beleriand = a mythical stage of northern europe , numenor = atlantis only demonstrably real , and third age middle earth = the same region of modern day europe but in a different geological era , with the shire about where oxfordshire lies today and minas tirith around tuscany or maybe the rome area , the rest of gondor extending quite a bit further south to touch upon the seriously hot climates . 
   so the idea of cnn is that italy has to take them all ? 
  no , this is an opinion piece : it is explicitly the sole opinion of the author and does not reflect the editorial stance of the publication . 
  now , you would still expect cnn to do some quality control of what it publishes on its site and you are right to think that this piece of shite should never have enjoyed the spotlight of the cnn site , but i imagine that the editorial staff of cnn is n't as presumptuous and vapid as a freelance journalist who thinks she 's found the solution for italy 's immigration problems in a thought-free few paragraphs . 
  i would like to share a protip which is generally useful when dealing with foreign reporting : just because it 's written by a native of the country in question , an article is not automatically authoritative . 
  case in point , this piece is almost complete garbage . 
  as you can see for yourself , it 's completely unsourced even in its most basic facts ; the analysis is conducted in an amateurish way , with not a hint of cost-benefit analysis for the proposed policy . 
  the crucial lack of references to any real proposed or enacted version of this idea indicates its completely unrealistic , unfeasible nature . 
  in short , this is not just non-news , it 's non-thought . 
  it 's a blog post elevated to some undeserved measure of credibility by being hosted on the cnn domain . 
  you should ignore it like you would ignore the ramblings of some idiot from your own country , and move on . 
   so how 's putting ultra high taxes on the rich going ? 
  i guess all the big business noped across the channel to london where they can pay 2 times less taxes than in france . 
  you know this is sound economic analysis because it confuses personal income tax with corporate tax . 
  no sources and no economic analysis to back up the statements : the hallmarks of a quality post . 
   that 's more than it was when schumacher dominated everything . 
  good times , good times . 
  opinions are fine and if you think eastern european women are more beautiful it 's allright but why waste everybody 's time with obvious bullshit ? 
  come on now . 
  and we can trace back the lineage of any individual roma to india ? 
  what i 'm asking is how do you , in the modern day , take one person and say `` ok , this person belongs to the ethnic group roma and not romanian because x , y and z '' ? 
   have you been to russia ? 
  yes , and it 's much like anywhere else : bigger more ` hip ' cities tend to attract more beautiful girls and their bigger more ` hip ' clubs tend to have many more of them standing outside for you to see on a night out . 
  there are as many stunning women in london , paris , ny or milan as there are in moscow . 
   ethnically romanian , which is separate from the minority rromani popululation i know nothing of this subject , can you explain what characterizes the romanian ethnicity and what separates it from the rromani ethnicity ? 
  pretty much , although macchiavelli had the benefit of specific hindsight as the prince was published in 1513 while ludovico sforza invited the french in in 1494 . 
  if the rules allowed me to wire ludovico a copy of the prince then all the better . 
  discounting sending myself the winning numbers for a multi-million lottery , which is what i 'd do in reality , i would phone up ludovico sforza and tell him in no uncertain terms that if he invites the french to invade against venice he 's going to plunge the country into 70 years of devastating war and four centuries of foreign domination . 
  far better to accept a settlement with venice and the other italian states and create the league a few years earlier , when it still had hope of resisting foreign intrusion . 
  who are not immigrants . 
  augustus did attempt to somewhat formalize the succession , but he met with enormous opposition . 
  his attempts at installing his nephew marcellus as his official successor created a rift both with the senate and with his very inner circle ; antimonarchism in rome was strong , and the question of augustus ' role and succession occupied much of rome 's political life . 
  to get past this opposition , augustus had to finally introduce his successor gradually , promoting his rise through rome 's political life so that his appoitment would seem to be based on merit and public support . 
  unfortunately , a string of designated successors died before augustus himself : marcellus ( who augustus had married to his daughter julia ) , then agrippa ( his most trusted general , who married julia after marcellus ) , then agrippa 's sons gaius and lucius . 
  finally , augustus turned to his step-sons germanicus and tiberius , grooming them through military and civic appointments where they proved capable and grew popular . 
  tiberius was adopted as augustus ' heir , on the condition that he himself adopt germanicus as his heir , thus ensuring two generation of succession . 
  it was a considerable effort on augustus ' part and the best that could be done within rome 's political climate . 
  a straight , institutionalized succession would have meant an open end to the republic and the creation of a monarchy , something that was fiercely opposed by the romans of the time , including those in augustus ' party . 
   then you get left wing politicians who think they can get immigrants to vote for them by telling them they 're victims of racism , appartheid , islamophobia and encourage `` diversity '' ( ie non-assimilation into the country 's home culture ) . 
  keep them `` diverse '' and you can keep their votes . 
   did i forget anything ? 
  you forgot that immigrants ca n't vote in national elections , oftentimes not even in local elections , but do n't let reality get in the way of your propaganda . 
  can someone translate what 's written beside it ? 
  i hope it 's something like `` king elessar telcontar '', 
  according a drunk guy i met in a pub , the dead marshes are in italy between rimini and pesaro . 
  there are n't that many traditions about the wedding itself , what 's traditional is having a wedding feast where you eat about twice your body weight over the course of half a day . 
   europe has yet to produce a single internet company valued at more than $ 10 billion . 
  six privately owned startups in the u.s. are currently worth $ 10 billion or more , and two in asia they do n't list them so i do n't know what they included as `` start-ups '' , but if that shit includes whatsapp ( $ 22 billion for a $ 1 a year messanging app ) , twitter ( $ 23 billion for an unprofitable social network with no monetization scheme in sight ) and facebook ( $ 120 billion for an even more unprofitable social network with the same issue ) , then i can safely say : i 'd rather have the more modestly valuated spotify ( $ 8.4 billion ) which is probably going to become profitable this year and has a clear revenue model . 
  inflated valuations are good for speculators and people who feel the need to wave their dick around , not for the economy of a country . 
  is there some kind of context that explains this ? 
  because orban is definitely a dick but juncker should n't be playfully slapping heads of government . 
   it was invented to use when picking up the telephone lol wut [ hello , with that spelling , was used in publications as early as 1833 . 
  according to the oxford english dictionary , hello is an alteration of hallo , hollo , [ 5 ] which came from old high german `` hal\u00e2 , hol\u00e2 , emphatic imperative of hal\u00f4n , hol\u00f4n to fetch , used especially in hailing a ferryman . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hello#first_use ), 
   the voting system we use in most elections ( stv ) voting reforming intensifies, 
  sooo ... do i understand correctly that this is football hooligans meeting on a mutually agreed battle ground in clearly distinguished marking colours to beat the shit out of each other ? 
   the whole point of isds is to de-escalate such matters from the state-state level , to the state-investor level . 
  which is simply a re-statement of the idea and not a defense of it in any sense . 
   it 's not a paranoid urgency it is n't ? 
  because apparently there 's an important need for investors to be able to directly sue rogue states that violate treaties to damage them and have rogue national courts that are unfair to foreigners . 
  given that we are talking about a treaty between advanced states with functioning judiciaries yes , that preoccupation is paranoid . 
   it 's a reasonable level of protection it 's an injust level of privilege that has already been used to try and prevent countries to implement laws benefiting the health of their citizen . 
   but if the government chooses to change things a year , two , three down the line then they would be in violation of the treaty and the other parties to it would take whatever measure is appropriate to address the treaty violation . 
  just like with any other treaty in the world . 
  this paranoid urgency of protecting investors at all costs above and beyond the normal protections afforded to nations themselves speaks volumes as to the mental framework of those who support these treaties , and is itself a further reason to mistrust them . 
   as i 've said elsewhere , it 's not a different tier . 
  can foreign companies sue the government for perceived injustices in a court that is not accessible to domestic companies ? 
  yes . 
  call it complementary or saltapaloola if it makes you happier , but it does n't change the nature of the thing . 
   second , the issue is n't even necessarily that the judiciary is corrupt . 
  it 's that the judiciary has to apply national law . 
  if that were the issue , you could easily stipulate that whatever fairness standard is agreed to in the treaty must then be also enshrined in national law . 
  plenty of treaties work that way , by requiring that countries change their national legislation accordingly . 
  once again : isds at best try to counteract an injustice with a further injustice , which creates twice the amount of injustice rather than canceling it out . 
  if there 's a problem with national courts , the national courts need fixing ; isds are pointless , dangerous and unfair . 
   domestic companies have a natural advantage for the simple fact that people are still biased towards their own country and nationality creating an entirely different tier of judgment for foreign companies does n't address this issue in the slightest . 
  if national court are biased , the bias needs to be fixed ; introducing an opposite bias will double the injustice , not cancel it out . 
   this is n't a treaty within a country , this is a treaty between countries , meaning that elements of both countries legal understandings need to be factored in . 
  there are plenty of federal states in the world , with the `` legal understandings '' being different between the constituent states , so the analogy is perfectly relevant . 
  the evidence so far is that plain packaging laws are very effective at reducing first use rates , so until that evidence is disproved or something appears to change there really is n't an argument that they do n't work . 
   the question is n't whether they can sue the question is precisely whether they can sue , because it gives foreign companies additional rights compared to domestic ones . 
  can you imagine if within a country the companies headquartered in a certain region had a right to sue in an additional , special court on top of the regular legal rights of everyone else ? 
  that would be a gigantic scandal and create an obvious competitive advantage for the companies headquartered in the special regions . 
  well , it 's the same thing here , with the difference that here the `` special region '' is the rest of the trade partnership , which gives a competitive edge to foreign multinationals against national companies , an abomination . 
   the country is suspicious of a robust foreign policy of any kind -- including serious sanctions against russia , getting tough in trade talks with china , the use of force in the middle east and an engaged relationship with the rest of europe the usual hypocritical foreign policy piece in an american publication : saying that you are worried about the dimished fp role of some european country , while transparently expressing that the actual problem is that they do n't follow us foreign policy priorities and methods . 
  the electoral law reform for the lower house has been passed and signed into law . 
  the senate reform has not been passed yet , and it 's in the beginning stages of the long and complicated process of a constitutional reform bill . 
  have you ever tried italian goulash ? 
  i believe it 's the only reasonably widespread hungarian dish that we do here , i 'd be curious to know how creatively we butchered it . 
  by the same token of circular reasoning , i will also immediately prove that there is an invisible pink unicorn in my room . 
  the only reason i ca n't see it is because it 's invisible a.k.a. 
  selection bias . 
  i mean come on . 
  you can postulate that undetectable events are happening as much as you want , but do you have any sort of indication that that 's the case ?
