   you suggested the executive branch must stay impartial . 
  which is true . 
   tsipras is its head . 
  yes , and he 's also the leader of syriza . 
  as party leader , he can campaign all he wants ; as pm , he has to oversee the regular course of the vote and remain impartial . 
  it 's a fundamental difference : it 's the reason why he did not announce his oxi vote during the referendum announcement press conference , and it 's the reason why he 's not spending government money on the campaign . 
   all jcj wants is that tsipras ( not his party ) yes , jcj would surely be perfectly ok with tsipras campaign for nai but the entirety of syriza campaigning for oxi . 
  come on now , can we be realistic ? 
   so , if merkel were to sign an agreement with washington , i would expect her but the question is not whether you would expect her to , but whether you would be ok with an international treaty containing as a clause that she must campaign . 
  because that 's the choice presented to tsipras . 
   why would the pm have to stay impartial in the referendum ? 
  who said anything of this sort ? 
   so how is jcj asking to throw out the normal rules of democracy ? 
  by asking a head of government to enter into an international treaty when that treaty contains clauses that bind one of the political parties of his nation to a specific political choice , or alternatively when that treaty asks that the executive branch actively campaigns in a referendum . 
   tsipras and juncker have pretty much the same roles here . 
  certainly not . 
  let 's abstract the issue : would you find it normal if the us signed a deal with germany that required the cdu to campaign in a certain way ? 
   under the offer , prime minister tsipras would have to send written acceptance by today , in time for an emergency meeting of the eurogroup of eurozone finance ministers to be held , and agree to campaign in favour of the bailout in the planned 5 july referendum . 
  what a mess . 
  tsipras is being asked to accept this proposal as the head of the executive branch , but the executive branch must itself remain impartial in a referendum . 
  tsipras could campaign for a ` yes ' vote in his capacity as a party leader , but he can not sign an international agreement concerning the whole of greece in his capacity as a party leader . 
  essentially , juncker is officially asking that the normal rules of democracy be thrown out of the window . 
  this is an alarming precedent and by itself brings into question the entire european project . 
  i do n't want to live in a europe where the fundamentals of democracy and law can be put aside to achieve a political goal . 
  because , for its meaning to be correctly understood , the particular comment must be put in context . 
  an isolated remark of this sort would sound like renzi chastising greece for its unreasonable demands . 
  but , in the context of this interview , it is instead revealed to be a passing remark on how much better the italian situation is . 
  the point here was not to scold greece , but to dispel the fear that italy is in a similar position . 
   do n't let facts threaten your worldview . 
  fortunately they do n't : the facts are that juncker offered nothing , unless you are convinced of the extraordinary theory that private verbal discussions constitute binding international agreements . 
  if juncker had meant to offer debt relief , he could very easily have put it in writing . 
  there was absolutely no reason not to do it , if he meant to ; it would have actually enormously raised the chances of success for the `` yes '' side . 
  but of course juncker knew full well that no such written offer could be made , because several members of the eurogroup would be opposed to it . 
  which is why no such offer was made , and why the greek government absolutely correctly summarized that debt relief was not in the cards . 
  renzi is referring to `` baby pensions '' , which were abolished in 1992 , long before this crisis . 
   no , it was not offered in written form so it was not offered . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
   where did i say that ? 
  right here :  fed up with tsipras ' antics and again in this very post :  i meant he may have simply got fed up with how tsipras have handled the negotiations would you prefer to amend it to `` your theory is that renzi 's foreign policy stances are not driven by strategic considerations , but rather by his growing personal annoyance with tsipras '' ? 
   typical italian complottismo the word you wanted to use is * dietrologia * , unless you are convinced of the amazing theory that renzi has created a conspiracy in which he is the only partecipant ( for our anglophone friends , `` complottismo '' is the way of thinking of those who see a conspiracy behind everything ) . 
   he could simply be fed up with tsipras ' antics . 
  your theory is that renzi 's foreign policy stances are not driven by strategic considerations , but rather by his growing personal dislike of tsipras ? 
  in that case you would be holding renzi in even less esteem than i do . 
   juncker just offered that last night where and on what terms did he offer it ? 
  or , if the conditions are unknown , where did he offer it ? 
  i can not find it through google news . 
   does anybody really believe that more austerity will make their situation better ? 
  renzi does n't believe it for one second . 
  when tsipras won the elections renzi was quick to hail his coming as a new wind in europe , which would finally turn the current against austerity . 
  however , now that tsipras appears to many as a likely loser , renzi is equally quick to throw him and greece under the bus . 
  he believes he has more to gain by siding with the rest of the eurogroup against greece . 
  the title is misleading . 
  this interview is about renzi , speaking to the largest italian business paper , trying to dispel fears that greek trouble might spread to italy . 
  the sentence that op chose to put in the title appears on page two , in a question that is not central to the topic , and is no more elaborated upon . 
  renzi has imposed several neoliberal policies , but he has done so without reference to greece - his justification is that italy needed to `` move forward '' . 
  so you took a sentence that is on the second page of this interview and not elaborated upon nor the centerpiece of it and made it into the title ? 
  way to go . 
  [ yes ] ( http://bigstory.ap.org/article/91f2c0a3623046188597b3f75d2db080/french-taxis-strike-after-weeks-rising-tension-over-uber ) . 
  this stupid comment comes up in every uber thread . 
  yes they did arrest people for the vandalism and property destruction during the taxi strike . 
  10 arrests on the same day in fact . 
  did they get everyone ? 
  do they usually get everyone when there 's vandalism during a demonstration ? 
  no , no they do n't , neither does any other country . 
  but the french authorities have absolutely not let this go , as these comments keep implying . 
   bolognese and most of the dialects of emilia-romagna that are marked on this map are functionally dead , as far as i know your experience could easily be limited to younger , more educated people that never spoke dialect in the first place . 
  among the older generations and the less educated it 's definitely still spoken . 
  my grandparents speak it almost exclusively amongst themselves and their friends , my father can speak it but never gets to unless he 's with older relatives , i ca n't speak it but i can easily understand it . 
   looks like , to me , that the higher the tax the lower gdp growth is . 
  looks like , to me , [ that 's not true ] ( http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=b&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=s&amp;met_s=sp_pop_totl&amp;scale_s=lin&amp;ind_s=false&amp;dimp_c=country:region&amp;met_x=gc_tax_totl_gd_zs&amp;scale_x=lin&amp;ind_x=false&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_kd_zg&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;idim=country:alb&amp;ifdim=country&amp;tunit=y&amp;pit=1340920800000&amp;ind=false&amp;icfg&amp;iconsize=0 ) . 
  but do explain how you reached that conclusion by manually comparing a bar chart to a numeric table . 
  it 's not exactly hidden : it covers the entirety of our primary spending and a part of our debt interest payments . 
  italy has a fairly huge primary surplus , among the largest in the eu . 
   always want to manipulate you to be proud or humiliated about whatever they want . 
  yes !, 
  that 's what politicians do , including the ones you like . 
  and since you realize this * and * you want greece to stay in the eurozone and the eu , you should be angry at juncker for really , really not understanding this . 
   http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.con.govt.zs this is government final consumption expenditure , not total government spending . 
  dear god what a child . 
  anyone in his position can not afford to let emotions take over , especially in public , especially in a bloody press conference in the middle of the decision peak of this crisis . 
   he probably did feel betrayed as he had tried to be a moderating influence on this process , but this emotional and personal reaction is unworthy of his role here fully agreed . 
  you do n't stand for election as the closest thing to a eu head of government and then break down emotionally during a time of internal crisis . 
   if greece falls out of the euro , everything you listed will happen . 
  then at least it wo n't be at the tune and tempo set by others . 
  pride has a role in politics . 
  people here laugh at tsipras talking about humiliation , but he has shown more political insight than most leaders who think that this is all about rational choices . 
  dear god that man is an asshole . 
  which in many other cases would work in his favour , but right now is only signalling to the euroskeptic and on-the-fence electorate that eu institutions already think they are more important than the will of european peoples . 
   the pensions are around 3/4 of all spending in greece [ pensions are 13.5 % of gdp , with total government spending at 52 % of gdp ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2015/06/greek-pensions ) . 
  13.5 is not 3/4 of 52 . 
   i have trouble understanding why we should pay for the mess they created there is no longer an option not to pay for that mess . 
  we have already lent greece the money : we can either accept the reality that they are unable to repay in full and work on getting back a realistic amount , or we can deny reality , force the greeks into default and get back nothing . 
   i wonder why we 're not building a big jail to put all these people under surveillance on it . 
  you are right : the best way to fight terrorists who hate our way of life is surely to give up on the fundamentals of that way of life , like liberty and due process of law . 
  it 's worked so well these past 15 years . 
  the thing is , euroskepticism is n't a simple variable . 
  right now my compatriots are really pissed off that europe basically told us immigration is our problem , deal with it . 
  but that does n't mean they have also become more opposed to the euro , for example . 
  yes . 
  at this point the greek people have a choice between two possibilities : - a scary period of uncertainty as greece leaves the euro , with the possibility of disaster but the certainty of being able to make its own decisions amid that disaster - a guaranteed long period of recession under yet more austerity , with no guarantee of a light at the end of the tunnel and their state utterly subjugated to its creditors to me , the first option is obviously superior .
