  meh , they 'll just be unable to introduce meaningful controls to eea migration . 
  i would n't call that a `` really shitty situation '' , it 's not remotely a major problem for switzerland . 
  let me reiterate : everyone is free to argue this topic , but if your post is entirely made up of personal attacks or does n't otherwise contribute to the discussion it will be deleted . 
   well , because it 's true and you are liars hiding any info about victims of starvation from 1925 to 1936 to push your pathetic agenda . 
  you are free to make your case , citing sources and references , as is everyone else . 
  posts that simply contain attacks on the person or group you are talking to and add nothing to the discussion will be deleted . 
  [ here 's a spotify playlist of every song in the thread ] ( https://open.spotify.com/user/orsopieromichelone/playlist/0aou8nkgtbywuc33lhnxqb ) quite a few could n't be found due to either the artist not being on spotify , the particular version \\ mix not being available or some other such issue . 
  if you find any song that 's missing , please add it ; you should be able to , 
  i love north kentucky , best holiday destination, 
  [ do n't be lazy though ] ( http://www.jetpunk.com/quizzes/map-quiz-us-states.php ), 
  shitty ms paint version here i come : [ pure glory ] ( https://imgur.com/mqrzpee ) edit : i 'm sticking this bitch, 
   yet apparently they saw combat ( two deaths ) the article mentions that they were special operation officers . 
  the fact that two of those might have died does n't implicate a major ground deployment . 
  jebus is right , you do n't want to see the kind of pictures slyratchet sends to us drunk at 4 in the morning . 
   during the financial crisis , the eurozone 's northern members rescued their southern counterparts by offering huge bailouts and backing the european central bank 's promise to save the euro at all costs . 
  when germany recently requested a quota system to cope with the massive influx of refugees , however , its partners showed no such solidarity . 
  german-style `` solidarity '' tanked the economies of southern europe , which are still in the toilet and not recovering because of the pure genius of expansionary austerity . 
  meanwhile , for years germany refused to even talk about refugee redistribution from the border countries ; back then it was all about following the dublin regulation and how the border countries needed to do a better job protecting the border . 
   and now that france , reeling from the paris attacks , has declared war on the islamic state , other european countries are shrugging their shoulders , mumbling condolences , and silently hoping that the conflict will spare them . 
  sorry , we 've got no money to waste creating another power vacuum that 's going to be filled by more barbaric sunni militias . 
  for once i 'm with renzi : there 's no point bombing syria without a plan for what happens after . 
  [ translation ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.ilfattoquotidiano.it%2f2015%2f11%2f25%2fpapa-francesco-vescovo-cl-di-ferrara-bergoglio-deve-fare-la-fine-dellaltro-pontefice%2f2251753%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) context : the bishop of ferrara , already notorious for defending berlusconi in the ` ruby ' underage prostitution trial , was venting on a train about pope francis ' recent nomination of two new bishops . 
  the new nominees are street priests , while their seats were held to be feuds of comunione e liberazione , a powerful catholic group with a strong influence over politics and business in northern italy ( and several scandals involving bribes and embezzelment to its name ) . 
  negri , the bishop of ferrara , openly expressed his hope that the virgin mary might `` perform a miracle like she did for the other one '' , in reference to john paul i , the pope who died 33 days after his election and was widely considered to be a reformer . 
  please do n't editorialize and sensationalize titles . 
  the original was :  report : evidence paris attack weapons shipped from germany | a german newspaper has reported possible links between the illegal arms trade in germany and the november 13 terrorist attacks . 
  officials have declined to comment on the report . 
  there is a gulf of difference between a newpaper reporting a possible link and the generic `` assumed '' you used , which leads people to think that it 's `` assumed '' by investigators . 
  i think it 's less a positive idealistic belief in the eu and more a negative idealistic mistrust in the italian state . 
  regarding the euro , for example , most italians ( especially of voting age ) remember the times when our economic woes were handled through frequent currency devaluations , even as structural issues were left untouched out of political expediency . 
  most of my compatriots would n't trust their own government with control of the currency and , in general , still think that for all its faults brussels is less likely to screw up , be corrupt or be liable to special interests than rome . 
  brussels , for its part , has done a lot towards dispelling that notion . 
  that 's a fearsome air wing , i did n't know belgium could field that level of firepower . 
   so you want to leave the council of europe because you do n't like the human rights regulations ? 
  sure , if that 's the spin you want to put on it feel free . 
  i 'm too tired of people being unable to argue on this topic without resorting to misrepresentations to actually try and get you to stop , so go ahead and i 'll just ignore your attempts . 
  what i want is the ability to stop people abusing the asylum system as a gateway for illegal immigration . 
  [ 53 % of asylum applications made to italy are rejected ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/4/44/first_instance_decisions_by_outcome%2c_selected_member_states%2c_2nd_quarter_2015.png ) . 
  if you look at the [ countries of origin ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=105 ) , it 's even clearer that most people arriving here come from places wherefrom they are unlikely to need asylum , and are in search of better economic prospects . 
  their misuse of the asylum system doubles the strain on an already highly burdened asylum system , and their particular mode of travel adds to that by requiring an extensive s&r effort to prevent them from dying on the way here , beside financing human trafficking networks . 
  i want the instruments to start tackling this problem . 
  expelling illegal economic immigrants is not a violation of their human rights , there is no human right to migrate to another country except when you are at risk of persecution and in that case you would qualify for asylum , which most of our migrants do not . 
   proposes mini-schengen with belgium , sweden , austria and germany . 
  interesting proposal : boot out of schengen the mediterranean countries and let them deal with their external borders , not your problem after all . 
  what a beautiful example of european solidarity . 
  at this point i 'm wondering what exactly italy is doing in the eu : the euro is too strong a currency for our needs , european fiscal pacts restrict our ability to use fiscal policy for growth , and now foreign ministers are talking of scrapping open borders as well . 
  we might as well just get out entirely , return to a national currency , leave those european treaties that restrict our ability to enforce our borders and start caring for our interests and screw the rest , it 's what everyone else is doing . 
   what about polite men in purple with no insignia ? 
  the north atlantic treaty provides a mutual defense clause against attacks on their territory by anyone , not just attacks by a state entity :  article 5  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  that 's why the usa could invoke article 5 after 9/11 , despite al quaeda not being a state of any kinda . 
  if polite men in purple invaded a polish region , poland could very well invoke article 5 . 
  this sentence :  the reality in the vast majority of cases is between those two extremes means the opposite of this sentence :  you think women can ** only ** want to wear headscarf because they have been directly or indirectly forced to it thanks for showing that you 've been choosing to misrepresent my position this entire exchange ; good bye . 
   you think women can only want to wear headscarf because they have been directly or indirectly forced to it i 'll wait for this quote too , take your time and good bye . 
   you argued women only can wear headscarf because they have been indoctrinated to , because you consider it inconceivable otherwise , as it limits their personal freedoms i 'll wait for you to produce the quotes where i 'm supposed to have said this . 
  good luck . 
   that 's not what i said . 
  you threw out an unclear sentence about ` hedonism ' in a debate that had nothing to do with it , be clearer and you wo n't be misunderstood . 
   abrahamic religions , by rule , are about self-constraint and about 700 other things , plus they share that trait with plenty of others , but let 's move on . 
   so arguing that they can not possibly want to believe because it limits their freedoms is absurd lucky that i did n't argue anything like that then . 
  but at this point the debate is about moving the goalposts and misrepresenting what i said with every other post , so let 's just agree that we are n't managing to communicate and cut it . 
   as if spirituality was ever about individual freedom or hedonism not covering your head with a piece of cloth is a form of hedonism now ? 
   so they can never form their own opinions on spirituality or religion , can only be forced to it by outside forces that 's you projecting and nothing like what i said . 
  but i 'll note that you believe impositions founded on a male-dominated religion are more likey to be genuinely shared by women than internalized as a result of social pressures and expectations , and move on . 
   how is it oppressive to want to dress modestly or according to one 's religious code or even personal creed ? 
  when did we establish that every french woman who wears a headscarf does so of her own volition ? 
   the fact most women wear headscarf because they want to according to their religious beliefs again , when did we establish this ` fact ' ? 
   if they are being forced to wearing a headscarf by their relatives , that 's a problem of domestic abuse nope . 
  you are setting up a fake black-and-white rhetorical space in which women either choose to wear a headscarf out of their 100 % free will , or else suffer domestic abuse that forces them to do so . 
  the reality in the vast majority of cases is between those two extremes , that is a series expectations and pressures which do not make the legal threshold for abuse but still restrict the freedom to choose of the woman in question . 
   equality is banning petty clothing now ? 
  symbols of oppression are often petty things , like being forced to wear a certain piece of clothing , cover a certain part of your body , or prevented from wearing a certain style . 
  the fact that it 's petty does n't make it any less oppressive , in fact it can make it more so : it signals that the power of the oppressive institution is so great it can force you to do a meaningless thing or face widely disproportionate retribution . 
   the first votation is done nope , the chamber still needs to do a final pass before the first votation is done . 
  that 's scheduled for january . 
  then another two votes will be needed for the second votation . 
   and it needs 2/3 of the votes to passes without a referendum , and it will , renzi has the numbers no , he does n't . 
  he has 178 , a far cry from the 211 he 'd need for a 2/3 majority . 
  neither of these things are in dispute , they are simple facts . 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to argue here . 
   these democristiani ( or should i say ex-democristiani ) have quite a lot of support in italy they are fairly marginal in terms of votes ; what they have is a willingness to work with everyone so long as their special interests are protected , so they always end up being members of the government coalition and having enough votes to kill a law if need be , especially since cross-coalition deals are extreme rare in italy . 
   i know that technically is the case but come on , you just have to live there for a while to understand that italy is n't really a lay state we have `` teachin of the catholic religion '' ( not even `` religious studies '' , straight up catholicism ) as a default part of the public school curriculum , you have to actively opt out not to do it . 
   you 've also got to consider that while not homophobic , the average italian is pretty politically incorrect when it comes to gay people , so the task that renzi is undertaking is n't exactly a stroll in the park . 
  that 's not his main issue though . 
  he could muster the votes in parliament but he 's locked in by politics : part of his majority , including part of his party , belongs to the christian democrat faction that would revolt over a gay marriage bill , and reaching across the aisle to those parts of the opposition that would support it is made impossible but the extremely polarized rhetoric . 
  40 % sell-off actually . 
  they are presenting it as privatization but it 's mostly a way to make bank ; same thing they did with the mail , selling a minority of the stock while retaining complete control over the company . 
  nope , absolutely not . 
  we are not even at the end of the first reading ; there 's one more vote in the lower chamber and then it goes back the senate and back again to the chamber , and to a referendum after . 
   no more senate  done that 's simply false . 
  the constitutional amendment process requires two readings in both chambers and only the first reading is proceeding ; additionally , unless the amendment is passed with 2/3 of the votes , it does n't take effect until a referendum confirms it . 
  this is n't even remotely done , it 's not even at the midpoint of the process ( which would be the conclusion of the first reading ) . 
   on ruote to be done this is even falser . 
  there was never even a law presented for same sex marriage , the attempt was for civil partnerships and even on those the government has backtracked and it 's now at the point of allowing a secret ballot + no party line , essentially giving permission to its representatives to vote down the law . 
   well , showing a bit of our patriotism , history , christianity and culture would not be bad at all . 
  we are trying so hard to be ` modern ' that we are forgetting our past and what makes us a nations . 
  we have giant cathedrals on every one of our main city squares and a large portion of our cherished cultural heritage is churches and sacred art . 
  i do n't think we are at risk of forgetting anything any time soon , 
  it depends on the 18 year old , and even more so on the kind of visit you give them . 
  i was involved in outreach projects back when i was in italy and kids actually * are * interested in history , so long as you do n't make it about a boring recitation of facts . 
  people of all ages are curious to understand how other people lived and what they did and why and how ; i remember a display in a very small local museum where we taught kids the various way to don a roman toga while explaining to them the significance and cultural signalling underlying dress during various periods of roman history .
