   but the countries in the south just entirely ignore those . 
  a pernicious lie that wo n't die no matter how many times it gets called out , but i 'm going to keep calling it out nonetheless . 
  it 's simply a lie to say that southern european countries are ignoring the dublin regulation . 
  we are simply doing the best we can with what we have : our resources are wholly inadequate to rescue , house , feed * and * register hundreds of thousands of people , especially since most of those people do n't want to be registered and will flee at the first opportunity . 
   are full welfare benefits available to the residents of eu countries as soon as they arrive ? 
  on the same basis as the locals , which means that many social benefits might not be available immediately to someone who has just moved in ; for example , social housing is generally given preferentially to people who have lived in the area for a certain length of time . 
  unemployment benefits are similarly generally available only if you 've been employed in the country before and have lost your job involuntarily . 
   finding a boxcutter has to be more-plausible than an ak-47 . 
  yes , but with the sequence of weapons he 's found the possibility is rapidly emerging that he might live on the set of a new live action cluedo gameshow . 
  i 've seen ashley madison excuses far better thought out than this . 
  if this was really over someone allegedly ripping up the qu ` ran and flushing it down the toilet , i suggest this video be used to identify those involved in the riot and repatriate them as fast as possible , or imprison them if repatriation is impossible . 
  ca n't tell if this one of the most naive attempts at a defense in history or if the guy is genuinely mentally challenged ( or both ) . 
  in any case :  `` spencer makes first contact , he tackles the guy , alek wrestles the gun away from him , ** and the gunman pulls out a box cutter ** and slices spencer a few times . 
  and the three of us beat him until he was unconscious . '', 
  did he find that too by chance ? 
  it gets better :  el-khazzani denies firing a shot  and an unidentified dual french-american citizen was also hospitalised with a bullet wound . 
  the french-american guy must have found the bullet by chance i guess . 
  at this point i expect him to start baneposting irl by claiming that getting caught was part of his plan . 
  who ? 
   admitting to stereotypes to foreigners is likely to provoke angry responses and calls of `` self hating italian '' on / r/italy . 
  lol cosa we 've had i do n't know how many `` quali stereotipi sugli italiani sono veri ? '', 
  threads , ca n't remember anyone getting pissed beyond the usual troll or two . 
   we are also obsessed with food this is the one i was going to name . 
  it comes across as obsession because nobody else is as interested in it as us , but of course i 'm utterly convinced that ours is the proper level :d, 
  i think i have a rough idea how to read that , but could you explain it ? 
   i can post a log of an intersection between those subs and / r/europe if you wish if you are up for it i 'd like to see that , yes . 
  the war included the japanese invasion of much of the pacific , which would n't have ended very well at all for britain and the others without america 's assistance . 
  and let 's not forget that america was supplying critical material to both the soviets and the british before the usa entered the war . 
  ultimately we ca n't say whether america 's intervetion could have been done without , but we can definitely say it would have sucked a whole lot more for the allies even if they had ultimately won . 
   when the political classes wo n't do a thing to stem the tide , what is it you expect the natives to do ? 
  sit back and watch ? 
  you are right , we should start killing nazis again . 
  the tide of this scum has risen too high and politicians have taken a weak stance against them ; it 's time for the natives to rid their country of these dangerous , violent extremists by any means necessary . 
  that 's what you meant , right ? 
   the megathreads actually sparked a brigade where there was none before what 's the evidence for this ? 
  and why would that matter , in any case ? 
  it 's no good reason to end a policy that the people opposed to it resort to dishonest means to fight it . 
   it has exploded now that the rules have been loosened exactly . 
  the racists feel like they 've won ( because they have ) and they 've come back with a vengeance . 
  the situation is even worse now than it was before the policy , because shutting out the racists made them angry and letting them back in did n't calm them down . 
  modern italy has a fairly tiny colonization history . 
  because it happened during the contemporary age ( which gets little treatment in school ) and because it happened near or during other closer-to-home events ( unification , wwi , fascism ) it does n't receive too much attention , but it is mentioned . 
  the mentions are invariably negative . 
  italy came late to the colonization game , with the ambition of a country that saw itself as a waxing power but without the means and mindset necessary to make a real profit out of it . 
  we took what we could , essentially those corners of africa that remained unoccupied or were held by weaker states , and were exceptionally brutal towards their inhabitants ( we hold the distinction for the first use of airplane bombing against civilian targets ) . 
  we struggled mightily to subdue them , with results that would be comical if not for the tragedy visited upon the people involved . 
  as a result of our expansionist policy and wanton brutality , the international community of the time condemned our efforts ( not without some degree of hypocrisy ) , resulting in our further isolation where before we had had fairly close relations with the major european powers . 
  our economic exploitation of the colonies by and large failed , or at least proceeded so slowly that it did not bear fruit before we lost our colonial empire in wwii . 
  in the end , it feels like another page of the shameful chapter of early 20th century italy , a poor country with big ambitions and not much to fuel them beside a lot of unwarranted pride . 
   why do they bring them to italy ? 
  because we have the closest ports that will accept them . 
   take them to their point of origin and dump them there . 
  ships do n't work like that . 
  the vessels we use for rescue missions ca n't simply beach themselves and leave like a small boat . 
  they need ports , and there are no open ports in libya or tunisia . 
  additionally , we are not legally permitted to just return them to the north african coast . 
  humanitarian law , established by several treaties , binds us to process asylum applications fairly , and to guarantee the safety of applicants until we have decided their claim . 
  we ca n't dump them back in countries undergoing a civil war . 
  finally , many of those people require medical treatment . 
  it is both our legal and ethical obligation to provide them with medical help . 
   they would at least be open about their agenda i am open about my `` agenda '' . 
  i do n't hide my political affiliation , which other ( political and not ) subs i write in and i definitely do n't hide my opinions . 
  but that has very little to do with whether i 'm capable of moderating a non-partisan political sub . 
  in much , much more important circumstances , like many national parliaments , the presidents \\ chairmen \\ speakers are selected among elected politicians , and the criterion is never that they should n't hold very strong convictions . 
  it 's very much possible to hold very partisan views and still moderate a debate in a fair way ; in fact , i think it 's necessary to hold very partisan views to do that , as you need to understand what leads people to argue a certain way . 
   we did n't have the man power to update the threads . 
  i know , it 's evident you do n't ( and did n't ) have the manpower to handle the surge in activity ; but killing off one of the main cleanup tools was n't goint to solve that problem ( and it did n't , you are still overwhelmed ) . 
   the anti-refugee rhetoric is shockingly prevalent , which i find disgusting , but there 's really no moral reason why i should censor it . 
  there 's a point where anti-refugee rhetoric becomes out-and-out racist . 
  when the refugees are called subhumans , backwards savages and other things of that sort , when they are dehumanized and turned into a uniform moloch with no humanity and only a rap sheet of supposed faults , that 's way beyond the line ( imho ) . 
  and , more importantly from a moderation perspective , it signals extremely clearly that there 's no more discussion going on , but rather a deluge of insults with no chance of an actual debate . 
   i 'm currently working on a re-draft of the rules which should come out this week . 
  after that , i hope we 'll get a tonne of new moderators ( i hope you 'll be one of them ; you 're application was very good last time ) and we can at least enforce civility rules to ensure that debate is done rationally , without resorting to insults , etc. 
  sounds good to me . 
  it does n't really matter a ton what specific details the rules have , so long as they care closely enforced and no user or usergroup is allowed to abuse them . 
  the megathreads worked , the shit was contained for once . 
  the quick trigger on the banhammer had also worked , slowly the racist shitheads had migrated to their own hate subs . 
  you were winning the battle for this place 's decency , then you gave up . 
  why ? 
  it looks like it 's been cured for a really long time , which means anything nasty in it has been long dead , bacteria do n't survive the oxygen deprivation and high salinity, 
  mods , are you actually paying attention , or have you given up ? 
  your anti-flooding rules are widely disregarded , people in this thread have been reporting for days that the front page is covered in immigration threads or threads superficially about something else which are nevertheless filled with immigration-related discussion . 
  also , several examples of overt racism , which is technically still forbidden , have been posted here to no consequence . 
  there 's a post linked down below with a guy literally calling an entire race subhuman . 
  is this the subreddit you want ? 
  one that is even more sclerotically obsessed with immigration and openly racist than it used to be before the old rules were enacted ? 
  the boats are confiscated , assuming they can be salvaged . 
  a lot of these people are recoverd from emergency rafts after their boats sank or abandoned them , and others arrive on boats so run down they are better scrapped . 
  except the tens of thousands that will remain in italy because we are keeping them here in fullfilment of the dublin regulation . 
  the narrative about this issue is so ridiculously loopsided . 
  according to reddit , italy is literally putting these people on northbound trains , with most of those who arrive here melting away into northern europe . 
  the reality is that we are doing the best we can to register the arrivals , and that only a minority manages to slip away and that mostly during peak periods when we are so swamped we do n't have the resources to handle everyone . 
  in true reddit tradition , the top comment is 90 % factually wrong . 
   if italy is going to do a taxi service triton is not an italian operation , it 's a eu operation involving vessels from several member states . 
   but no , of course they wo n't even register them we do the best we can with what we have . 
  we are far over capacity in terms of proper immigration centers so , since the rest of the eu so gracefully declines to help , we have to host people in inadequate temporary structures , from which they very easily flee before we can get around to processing them . 
  and since most of these people do n't want to stay here , most of these people flee at the first opportunity . 
   they will just give them money for a train and send them to germany ridiculously false , i challenge you to come up with an actual source . 
   and then they will ask for redistribution of immigrants to all eu countries well , yes . 
  the alternative is that the eu give us more money to deal with the issue here at home .
