  speaking for italy , which is the country i know best : we need a massively larger program of social housing , without the endless waitlists that now leave plenty of families without the ability to afford a house . 
  we need enough kindergarten spots at a low enough price for every kid , so that the mothers can take a job . 
  we need to bring funding levels for public schools back to where they were at least in the early 2000s , because after 15 years of cuts they are close to collapse . 
  we need professional schools to again enable people to get a job rather than work as teenager kindergartens . 
  we need a massive overhaul of the regional labour directorates to combat the plague of temp contracts abuse , wherein workers are hired on temp contracts in violation of legal limits ( e.g. 
  a series of temp contracts lasting a decade , all with the same company ) so that they can be paid less and have no rights . 
  we need to cut back on vat and other regressive taxation mechanisms . 
  these are all things that would directly help the poor either affod their life with what they have or get a better education and a decent job that does n't fuck them over . 
  can you read ? 
  here :  here 's mine , france treats it 's poor and underpriviliged citizens like shit . 
   give young people a chance to make something of themselves and this would n't be happening because radical islam would have no hopeless people to take advantage of . 
  he literally said that the problem would go away if these people stopped being poor and hopeless . 
  there have been poor as fuck jihadis that came from a background of isolation and discrimination , and there have been wealthy educated jihadis . 
  it 's definitely not just a simple problem of inequality and poverty . 
  yeah , but that 's basically metabolic rate , basically what they 'd need if they did nothing all day but sit at a computer . 
  i ca n't imagine that soldiers deployed to mali have it that easy . 
   also , they 're a terrorist state . 
  do you know how much money they 've given to organizations like hamas and hezbelloh ? 
  by the same logic , considering what kind of organizations the us has financed , the us should be considered a terrorist , fascist state . 
  edit : which means that the logic is flawed , not that the us is actually a terrorist , fascist state ... 
  not stupid at all , i was n't indeed very clear . 
  more even than road signs i mean all the signs that give instructions and directions on how to go , use , behave to \\ with anything . 
  something as simple as `` keep right '' or `` keep left '' , or clear and repeated `` way out '' signs , are something that i almost take for granted now ... until i go back to my home town in italy and i see the chaos that arises when they are n't there . 
  that was very interesting , thank you so much . 
  wild generalization though . 
  there are places near major river were industrial pollution makes the water a browny mess of shit ; there are others where you ca n't tell if the water is from the adriatic or a tropical paradise . 
  british signage . 
  it 's one of the things that i 've loved about britain since i first visited years ago to this very day . 
  god protect british signage . 
  i 'm italian btw . 
  both nero and caligula would also count as rulers for france , england , spain , portugal , greece , turkey , a sizeable portion of the balkans , maybe romania ( i do n't remember if it was conquered yet ) , the entirety of north africa , lebanon , syria , turkey ... we ca n't really claim them for italy :d also , we need to be careful with famously bad roman emperors , because a lot of what we `` know '' about them comes from senatorial sources who had an interest in maligning their memory . 
  both pages read as rather unprofessional . 
  they are sprinkled with irrelevant , unsourced anecdotes , authorial opinions and even nicknames . 
   yeah , but even nietzsche referred to the german people as a population that differently from other states was always united by a common language . 
  [ until about 1800 , standard german was almost solely a written language . 
  at this time , people in urban northern germany , who spoke dialects very different from standard german , learnt it almost as a foreign language and tried to pronounce it as close to the spelling as possible . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_german#19th_century )  actually the capital of the kingdom of italy was first turin , then florence in 1865 and finally in 1871 rome was chosen as the official capital of the kingdom . 
  ca n't you just admit that you misunderstood what i said ? 
  rome was the capital of the kingdom of italy for 74 years , the vast majority of its history ; referring to it as the seat of government makes perfect sense . 
  not all of the german states had the same language throughout history . 
  there was a considerable effort to impose a standardized form of german after unification , much like in italy . 
  and i 'm not referring to the roman period , rome was the seat of the central government for the kingdom of italy as well ... 
   our people 's culture developed in small independent states , there was never before a single strong and united government that goes for germany just as much as italy . 
  quite literally , the two countries unified almost exactly at the same time , after centuries and centuries of being split into many microstates lacking a single central government or even a truly common language . 
  yet germany does n't nearly suffer from as many problems as italy . 
  the history of corruption in italy has little to do with fragmentation in the distant past . 
  it has far more to do with the institutional history of the country and the make up of its ( many ) ruling classes , their relationship with the state and how their interests and those of the state interplayed . 
  simply put , the german government recruited its ruling classes at the service of the state , and their interests were closely tied to it ; in italy , the government allied with the local ruling classes in a semi-feudal relationship , leaving them to their own devices as long as they supported rome at key moments . 
   ... startups are not the ones getting r&d funding or profiting from the results of r&d . lol que ? 
  there are tons of startups started by researchers who during their studies saw something that they thought could have an industrial application . 
  the biotech startup world is almost entirely composed of these , for example . 
  r&d spending is n't a driver of economic progress just because it finances discoveries , but also because it attracts and employs the most talented and creative people who then go on to do their own thing . 
   what can they do against the most innovative economy in the world fuelled by the explosive mix of american spirit and scientific knowledge ? 
  the us economy is not driven by those who make up theories but it is driven by those people who take initiative , act and make money by implementing the classic american values in everyday life . 
  the american economy is fuelled by gigantic public investment in fundamental and applied research through the various national institutes as well as defense spending , both of which drive private spending in r&d by co-financing and ground-breaking . 
  to use a blunt metric , the us outspends any nation on earth in r&d spending , and all but two european nations in r&d spending normalized for gdp . 
  there 's also the extremely significant fact that the us is a true single credit market , which makes concentration of capital much easier to achieve . 
  i can only imagine that a richer german public will buy more products from other european countries as well . 
  i do n't know about the first three , but i 'm pretty sure i 've never seen a supermercado in london . 
   and if greece leaves the euro , what will stop spain , then cyprus , then portugal , then italy ? 
  indeed , what will ? 
  without internal fiscal transfers , the weaker european economies do n't have much of a reason to stay in the euro , which even with its latest loss in value is overvalued for them . 
  but the answer here is n't to keep people in with tooth and nails just for the principle of the thing , but to reform the eurozone to make it feasible . 
  and that means fiscal transfers , in one form or another , or a much stronger devaluation of the euro . 
  it 's ironic how the anti-pc crowd always finds away to complain about the pc crowd always finding a way to complain . 
  french was more of the court 's and high nobility 's language , the concept of an `` official '' language really being non-existent at the time . 
  official documents were still written in latin , for example , as were most books of learning . 
   only served in the jewish ghetto in rome i mean , i 'm sure somebody else made them , but i 've never liked them until i tried them in rome . 
  the difference is absolutely remarkable . 
  they meant currently made up of several countries , like the uk . 
  fortunately the mods are actually enforcing the new rules . 
  i reported it ( via modmail ) and it was removed within a few minutes . 
  turkish muslims do n't need to emigrate to find a country that 's institutionally moving towards islamization . 
  just sayin ' . 
  uh , what ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've had to show id when boarding flights italy < -  spain , italy < -  france and italy < -  germany ( plus every time flying in and out of the uk , but it 's not in schengen ) . 
  this is my last piece of news they 've announced they intend to reform the contract type by the end of 2016 , with a contingency to prevent * new * ones being signed if they do n't make it in time . 
  that 's not scrapping , neither in practice nor in intention . 
   also , i do n't get why an employer would pay to fire people who worked 3 years for them and replace them with untrained fresh hires . 
  for the very same reasons it 's happening now , without the subsidies even : because in many low-skilled occupation new hires are not that hired to train , and the advantage of keeping a workforce with no rights far outweight the costs . 
  add to the mix the fiscal advantages introduced with the new incentives and you 've got the perfect recipe for disaster . 
   subsidies will only last for the next 3 years they might , but the incentive is still there for a whole lot of occupations . 
   the most important thing , right now , is to see how and to what degree the active labour policies will work the active labour policies do n't even exist yet . 
  they 've been presented , explained , announced , programmed , but in pratice they are not written down , nor funded , much less up and running . 
  we 've had zero-rights contracts since 1994 , which led to million of people being trapped in underemployment . 
  all he 's done with the jobs act is introduce a new type of zero-rights contract while completely scrapping the old basic perm work contract for new hires . 
  imagining that the effects will be any different than the last 20 years requires a considerable amount of wishful thinking . 
  the problems with the italian economy are : - small size of companies - archaic credit market - byzantine bureaucracy - entrenched mono - and oligopolies - partly as a result of all of the above , far too little innovation - a terribly ineffective civil justice system workers have less legal power in italy than in germany , for the most part ; but germany shines in the above categories , which is why it 's an economic powerhouse while we are the real sick man of europe . 
  you are n't really contradicting anything i said , you 're simply emphasizing what you see as the positive aspects while ignoring all the negatives . 
  the new unemployment benefits are better * in their category * , but they are being paid for by defunding other types of unemployment benefits . 
  new pro-maternity laws go side by side with revisions to employment protection laws , which make it harder to prove discriminatory firing including of women . 
  and the new system is more incohesive than the old one , there can be little argument about this : a new contract type gets added , no old contract types are eliminated ( project based contracts are staying , contrary to initial promises ) and all existing contracts will remain under the old framework . 
  also , tax breaks for hiring coupled with the new `` firing at will '' law mean that companies now have a fiscal incentive to hire people and fire them after three years to re-hire fresh new ones . 
  that 's hardly a positive result . 
  despite the similar appearance and name though , the sweet potato is n't a variety or even relative of the potato . 
  * batata * comes from its scientific name , ipomoea batatas ; the potato is solanum tuberosum . 
  yes , i 'm sure british media is terribly pro-pkk ; meanwhile , turkish media is certainly unbiased and completely objective about it . 
  pkk are fighting isis while the turkish government can barely hide its support for it ; they have also renounced and abanadoned terrorist tactics in turkey and abroad . 
  in 2015 , calling the pkk a `` communist terrorist organization '' is highly misleading . 
  privatizing utilities rarely leads to higher quality service , because most utilities are natural monopolies .
