  the second is behind a paywall , i read the others . 
  they say that the mafia has its hands in public contracts for immigration centers , nothing to do with smuggling people in . 
   they make more money now from it than drugs . 
  i could n't find anything about this in the two articles i could read , could you point out what is the source for this claim ? 
   what power does the ehcr even have to collect fines ? 
  they are not fines , they are damages awards . 
  the power to execute the court 's rulings rests with the committee of ministers . 
  there is an execution process , which includes a proceeding for non-compliance . 
  since no country has ever pushed a disagreement with the ehcr to this stage , we do n't know what happens in practice . 
  but countries do n't sign international agreements mutually binding them to respect a certain court 's decisions to then ignore them when convenient , for obvious reasons . 
   allegedly these are actually run by various italian mafia groups by who and where is this alleged ? 
  i 've never heard of anything like this , it sounds ridiculous . 
  italian mafia groups do n't have a presence in libya nor along the migration routes . 
  the smugglers themselves , when they are caught , are all africans . 
  information that has emerged so far points to the various lybian civil war faction handling and exploiting the traffic to finance themselves , which is a much more likely theory . 
  [ when we did deport people back to libya , the result was that the ehcr sentenced us to the tune of $ 15k per person deported ] ( http://www.dw.de/court-fines-italy-for-deporting-migrants-to-libya/a-15761455 ) . 
  that 's $ 1.14 billion if we were to deport just the 76k people that arrived in 2015 . 
  `` send them back '' is something that the european judicial system just wo n't let us do , unless we were to go rogue and chose not abide by the echr rulings . 
   what bug my mind is why we rescue them in the first place ? 
  because when we do not rescue them and they die in droves the outrage is immense . 
  mare nostrum was started after a mass casualty sinking ; it was suspended due to the financial burden . 
  a few months later , a boat capsized with 900 onboard ; politicians scrambled to create triton , the current search and rescue mission . 
  to put it quite simply , there might be a part of the european electorate that is for not rescuing them , but the majority of it is outraged when they are left to die on their own , and politicians respond to that . 
   italy could just ship them back ... been there , done that , [ we got sued before the echr and sentenced to pay $ 15000 to each immigrant we deported back to libya ] ( http://www.dw.de/court-fines-italy-for-deporting-migrants-to-libya/a-15761455 ) . 
  let that number sink in . 
  has it sunk ? 
  if we started shipping them back , with that precedent hanging over our head and a civil war in lybia , we would be looking at $ 15000x76000 = $ 1.14 billion in damages . 
  and that 's just to deport ** those who have arrived this year ** . 
  quite simply put , europe has already told us that shipping immigrants back to libya is a no-go that 's going to cost us dearly . 
  so no , italy could not `` just ship them back '' . 
  forcibly fingerprinting gypsies comes with its own set of problems . 
  the italian government attempted it in 2008-2009 and it was a clusterfuck of conflicts with anti-discrimination legislation both at the national and european level . 
   it 's not intrusive true ; it also makes judicious use of screen real estate , with little wasted but the proper amount of white space where needed . 
  how do you propose that we identify unseaworthy boats ? 
  beside those with visible hull breaches , which really are n't a significant component of the migrant fleet , the rest would require an on-site inspection . 
  that means a military presence in libya , something which is far removed from the realm of political possibility . 
  the next elections are two and a half years away , there really is no telling what might happen in the meantime . 
  salvini now enjoys the position of a fresh party leader stoking the fire of a very mediatically prominent issue - can he keep that furnace burning until then ? 
  will we have a m5s splitting the anti-immigration vote ? 
  will the right manage a coalition that can actually contest the national election ? 
  there is an enormous amount of uncertainty regarding the electoral future of renzi 's competitors , while the man is relentlessly solidifying his control of the party and still retains an impressiv degree of popularity . 
  i do n't really see any sort of trend that would enable us to imagine that this issue will be a deciding factor in 2018 . 
   i do n't even understand what yhis post has to do with what i typed . 
  yes , you do n't seem to understand much of anything . 
  i ca n't really help with your lack of basic civics education beyond pointing out , once again , that it takes a vote of no confidence in parliament ( or the credible threat of one ) to bring about early elections and , at the moment , renzi 's coalition partners have absolutely no interest in early elections . 
  local election results have absolutely no bearing on this . 
  no , they are mostly young males . 
  what i ca n't see is this supposed media skew whereby they are represented as being mostly women , children and elderly . 
  i travel between italy and the uk quite a bit and i ca n't say that the media in either country is providing an inaccurate picture of who is arriving . 
   i get that italy is a bit overwhelmed at the moment that 's an understatement : we have ten times as many boat immigrants as we have capacity to provide for them . 
  the reason why they are `` running rampant '' is that we do n't have the infrastructure it would take to imprison them all and naturally they are going to try and leave for richer countries if they can . 
   are we living in the same country ? 
  evidently not . 
  i live in a parliamentary republic in which a government can only go out of power if it resigns , loses a vote of confidence or if the legislature reaches its 5-year term . 
  at the moment , the first two are not likely for the reasons which i explained above . 
  we are always to quick to ourselves in negative colours . 
  this time it really is n't an issue of disorganization . 
  we had a number of detention centers that was commesurate to our needs both present and foreseen . 
  the current spike in arrivals has gone over capacity and , especially in times of tight budget constraints , it 's not possible to quickly build and staff more detention centers . 
  geography also poses a further problem : the people that we pluck out of the sea must be brought to land as quickly as possible , which means lampedusa or sicily . 
  neither island could possibly support all the arrivals , even if we built as many centers as needed . 
  so we need to move the migrants to other parts of the country , something which requires more staff and more secure locations . 
  what government can afford to make the investment , even assuming that it could find the political capital for it ? 
   i 've never seen italy do anything there that 's because you have n't even tried to google the topic . 
  italy is [ providing arms and training to the kurdish fighters ] ( http://rudaw.net/english/kurdistan/29012015 ) . 
   this could eventually be what takes down renzi . 
  i very much doubt this . 
  renzi 's coalition in the senate ( which is the only house that matters : he has a very comfortable majority in the chamber ) is based on his junior partners having absolutely no hope of survival in an election . 
  until that changes , which means until either salvini or berlusconi offer an alliance to alfano , alfano is going to stick with renzi like a barnacle sticks to his rock . 
   can someone tell me why italy does n't just turn the boat away ? 
  or destroy them ? 
  because the vast majority of people here are against destroying the boats . 
  because callous murder is something that most politicians do not so easily approve of , nor would the navy and the coast guard readily obey an order of such questionable legality . 
  because it 's against several international treaties we have signed , most notably the unhcr and the echr . 
   some or our centers as basically prisons . 
  the vast majority are n't . 
  we built less than twenty cie ( or cie-type ) structures , with a capacity for around 12000 . 
  we have around ten times that number , with the result that the vast majority are hosted in inadequate structures that ca n't stop anyone from leaving . 
   also the most annoying this of all is the media making it out like its all elderly , women and children . 
  you are commenting on an article in which the only two migrants identified are 18 and 28 year old males . 
  in general terms , i do n't know what irish media says , but italian media is fairly accurate in reporting the gender and age composition of incoming groups . 
   a spike and then a decrease for years after 2009 . 
  2010 actually . 
   so whats your point ? 
  that you should use the correct metrics , first . 
  that you should admit your error when you are called out instead of glossing over them , second . 
  that those countries did not cut spending in response to the crisis and , in fact , did the exact opposite . 
   they 've been decreasing spending ever since . 
  wrong again . 
  the usa has been decreasing spending since 2011 , iceland cut it in 2009 , kept it constant through to 2013 and has been steadily increasing spending since . 
   iceland and the us actually reduced spending . 
   http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/naexkp03isq189s  http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/naexkp03usq652s you linked the graphs for government final consumption . 
  but government final consumption is n't remotely a measure of total government spending . 
  it measures what the government spends on purchasing goods and services ( either for itself or to directly satisfy the needs of the country ) . 
  it does not measure government spending that is n't related to direct purchases of goods and services ; for example , it does not include government unemployment and poverty benefits , nor does it include tax credits and other forms of indirect spending . 
  if we look at actual total government spending , we can see a clear spike in total spending in the post-crisis years for both [ the usa ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ecvxyzo.png ) and [ iceland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wqekjil.png ) . 
  there is absolutely no question that the usa did not implement austerity in response to the crisis . 
  on the contrary , it started a sizeable stimulus program and enacted extraordinary monetary policy measures , with the result that it returned to growth quickly and it 's now steaming ahead . 
  in italy , if it happens , it 's two kisses , one for each cheek , no particular order . 
  it 's also not a real kiss , more like touching your cheek to the other person 's and making a small * smack * sound for effect .
