  i imagine it used to be more formalized but now it 's a matter of personal habit more than anything . 
  personally i do n't mind either way . 
  i must say i chuckled at the responses that said `` here it 's not acceptable '' . 
  this entire post could read `` i was caught lying now let me try to make you forget by talking about something else '' , it 'd be more concise . 
   the fact that the only thing he was saying as the opposition party leader all this time was that the previous government was wrong without pointing out what he was planning on doing as a rule of thumb , whenever someone claims anything to be a `` fact '' on reddit without citing it , you should take that to mean `` something i heard from some dude or that i made up from whole cloth based on my prejudices '' . 
  syrizia presented [ a rather detailed manifesto ] ( http://links.org.au/node/2888 ) and its voters knew full well what promises they were voting for . 
  above all , there was a promise never to accept further austerity . 
  the tsipras executive is faithfully keeping to that pledge . 
   '' since they have dragons , they can have black people '' this is some seriously retarded shit . 
  some departure from reality means any departure from reality ? 
  fuck then i want to protest about the lack of lasers , what 's with this polish lazerism ? 
   that 's like if germans started acting offended about hollywood movies using swastikas . 
  yeah , at least germany does the ( still stupid but less invasive ) thing of having game companies censor nazi iconography when they publish in germany . 
  fucking dumb but still miles better than telling that they should censor them in every copy sold everywhere . 
  gaming journalism is not even journalism . 
  shit , journalism is often not even journalism anymore , just glorified blogging . 
  but gaming journalism never was in the first place . 
  at best there are decent reviewers , and most of those are independent guys . 
  and gels . 
  i 'm not aware that the eu is insisting we do anything of the sort . 
  we already call them rom . 
  so was kim jong un , but the fact that ballots were cast does n't make it a democratic election . 
  when hitler finally achieved a majority , political liberties had been well and truly suppressed and opposition parties outlawed . 
   give it some time , soon germany will be just like sweden and france . 
  you mean one of the safest countries in the world ? 
  that sounds nice . 
  despite the incredible number of people having the knee-jerk reaction `` rent controls are bad !, 
  '' , the situation is n't so simple as all that . 
  despite being called `` rent caps '' , these are in reality rent * increase * caps . 
  the `` rent cap '' is set at 10 % above the area average . 
  assuming that this cap is below the natural equilibrium point ( otherwise there would be no reason to enact it ) , this means that every time a lease is up for renewal the landlord will put the price at somewhere around 10 % above the area average , the effect of which is slowing down the increase of rent to something in the order of magnitude of 10 % per rent cycle ( i.e. 
  per the number of years that the typical lease lasts ) . 
  yes , this is precisely the case . 
  the rent cap is meant to slow down the growth of rents , not stop it . 
   is n't the article stating that the onerous extent of the protections for workers is actually discouraging businesses from hiring permanent employees . 
  yes , it is . 
  in which case you would expect companies to mostly hire on temp contracts ( which is exactly what 's happening ) , but it does n't tell you anything about the overall unemployment rate . 
   what would you do in this siatuation ? 
  review the company operation across the board and make adjustments as necessary . 
  if that includes firing 500 people , i would fire 500 people . 
  i do n't know the details of portugal 's collective dismissal law , but given that its employment protection index for collective dismissal is lower than the oecd average i 'm forced to assume it would be reasonably easy to do so . 
   if i say that regulating job markets increases employent , can you provide concise proof of this ? 
  sorry , how would i do that ? 
  since you 've quoted me i assume you just read that i do n't know of any functioning model that shows a simple correlation between employment protection and unemployment . 
   repeating the truism `` correlation does not imply causation '' into oblivion is a questionable way of argumentation . 
  i wish this article had at least established correlation , but it has n't even done that . 
   by saying employers hire only short term due to uncertainty which would at the most explain why employers prefer hiring on temp contracts , not why they are not hiring at all . 
   anyway , even empirical research has found plenty of evidence to show the link between labor market rigidity and unemployment of course it has . 
  do link some of this abundant evidence . 
  edit : additionally , note that labour market rigidity is not the same thing as employment protection . 
  meanwhile , using oecd data for employment protection indexes and unemployment rate , we can take a look at the correlations : [ correlations ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lxx60xz.png ) epcr is the employment protection index for individual and collective dismissals for regular contracts , epr is the same but only considering individual dismissal , epc the same but only for collective dismissal , and ept is the employment protection index for temporary contract . 
  [ this ] ( http://s000.tinyupload.com/index.php?file_id=43429431207485533427 ) is the data file if you want to play around . 
  that would put denmark , not france , at the top spot in europe , and the average for france is calculated over 2005-2007 , not 2005-2009 . 
  answering that question would require , at the bare minimum , to choose a model of unemployment from the available literature , consider the evolution of its independent variables in each of those countries , see whether the model agrees with the data and then draw conclusions on which of those variables made a difference . 
  i 'm not aware of any paper that has done this exercise for this set of countries , so i ca n't really say . 
  so the short of it is `` it 's complicated '' . 
  but even that needs to be said , because unfortunately simplistic theories like `` labour protections cause unemployment '' get swept up in the political debate and become the centerpieces of legislation that seriously impacts people 's lives . 
  i found that article too , which i had to ignore because its numbers are unsourced . 
   the article is n't garbage just because it does n't connect every dot on the map the article is garbage because it does n't connect ** any ** dot on the map . 
  it 's entirely constructed by juxtaposition : here are the labour legislation figures , here are the unemployment figures , this clearly proves that the first is the cause of the second . 
  it 's not connecting dots , it 's putting two dots in the general vicinity of each other and arguing that they must clearly be connected . 
   you should accept that there are more opinions than yours . 
  you should accept that freedom of speech includes freedom of criticism . 
   if a lack of demand is the cause for high unemployment , then as of now `` safe '' labor is n't exactly helping much to increase demand in these countries either . 
  another pseudo-argument constructed from juxtaposition . 
  france has low internal demand , france has protected workers , therefore protected workers are n't helping to increase demand . 
  how are these dots connected ? 
  you 'd think that protected workers with protected wages would be pretty much the only ones reliably propping up internal demand ; that 's already a problem with your argument right there . 
   the economist published an interesting article on the subject . 
  it is a harsh truth , but policy in france has been directed at protecting people who hold jobs with the implicit result of lower job creation . 
  that article fails to show even the most basic elements of causation . 
  its entire argument is : - the french labour code is long - french unemployment raised from 8 % to 10 % while german unemployment fell from 8 % to 5 % - therefore , france needs to reduce labour protections it 's the black hole of neoliberalism : no matter the underlying facts , policy must always be pulled towards removing labour protections . 
  there is no attempt at seriously establishing even correlation , nor at looking at possible other factors , no analysis of the weak points of this theory , in short nothing that could be called a genuine argument and everything that could be called propaganda . 
  for example , the economist cites near-zero growth for three years . 
  has is it considered the possibility that employers are not hiring * because the demand is not there for the product they sell * ? 
  no , of course it has n't considered that . 
  the author also cited renzi 's labour market reforms . 
  splendid , you would think they 'd look at them as a case study , would n't you ? 
  of course not . 
  if they had , [ they would have seen a zero effect on unemployment ] ( http://www.repubblica.it/economia/2015/04/30/news/la_disoccupazione_torna_a_salire_a_marzo_e_al_13_-113199287/ ) , with a shift from temp contracts to the new subsidized perm contracts ( with an unprecedented right to fire at will ) but no net creation of jobs . 
  i wonder why ? 
  perhaps because italy 's economy is maybe just possibly out of recession and both consumer and industrial demand are actually still falling ? 
  leading to employers having no need for more workers ? 
  could that be a factor ? 
  garbage , just garbage . 
  it 's embarassing how a `` respected '' periodical can get away with publishing this . 
  until this day i never knew that cringe and delicious might apply to the same object . 
  right , but given the less than storied history of his successors i believe a pothole would appear to be a decent mayor . 
  the subbing job is excellent and really makes the video . 
  it 's incredible how in a single post you can spout so much garbage while accusing me of being `` incredibly uninformed '' . 
  your argument is all over the place : first you attribute france 's economic woes to its corporate tax rate ( which you cite self-contradictorily , twice : first as 36.6 % when the source says 34.4 % , then as 36.6 % while stating that it reaches that value because of a 3.3 % surchage , which would either push it to 35.5 % or 37.7 % depending on how the surchage is calculated ) ; then you argue that `` there are more factors '' ( which is exactly what i said and a contradiction of your first argument ) ; you subsequently move to `` citing '' ( no source , again ) the us effective corporate tax rate for `` big corporations '' ( with literally no analysis of how this relates to overall economic performance , given that the us economy is not exclusively nor primarily made up of `` big corporations '' ) ; and finally you move the goalposts by talking about the japanese stock market instead of its economic performance or unemployment , which were the paramenters you were evaluating regarding france . 
  finally , even the last report you cited shows the french `` effective '' corporate tax rate being a whopping 2.6 % ( percent , not percentage points ) higher than the us tax rate , a further indication ( let 's take it at face value ) that , as was obvious from the start and contrary to your entire argument , the french corporate tax rate does not solely explain the french economic performance . 
  now , you 've tried thrice to defend your argument and every time you 've failed to provide anything of substance in support of it ; you 've instead introduced new arguments , changed your original point and in general have run around in circles . 
  since i 'm not very fond of running in circles , i 'll leave it to the readers to judge whether there 's any merit to what you said and exit this discussion . 
  economic analysis by cherry-picked headlines : a fresh new branch of the dismal science . 
  its strength lies in the rejection of hard evidence in favour of stereotype . 
  for example , did you know that [ france is a completely typical country in terms of strikes ] ( http://faos.ku.dk/pdf/iirakongres2010/track4/28.pdf ) , losing a smaller percentage of its workdays to labour disputes than germany , the netherlands , belgium , or austria ? 
  that it loses , in fact , [ little more ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/labor/strikes ) than the united states ? 
  of course these facts are very inconvenient , given that they ruin the simple and elegant narrative of a country underperforming because of its attachment to antiquated notions such as labour rights and trade unionism ( [ there is n't a statistically significant correlation of strikes with the coverage of collective bargaing and union density ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/docserver/download/8107021ec034.pdf?expires=1433197056&amp;id=id&amp;accname=guest&amp;checksum=fd8be509439acccc6cf18240121917c3 ) by the way ) , but why let triflings like facts get in the way of your prejudice ? 
  your own source shows the french corporate tax rate being 34.4 % , not 36.6 % , from 2008 to 2013 ( the last year for which data is presented ) .
