i see you are completely ignoring the economist link i posted ... fair enough , why let facts get in the way i see you are completely ignoring the rest of my post too . 
  are we both stopping facts from getting in the way ? 
  or maybe we are both chosing the reply to the parts that we think are most relevant ? 
  i ignored your economist link because it talks about civil justice , while your initial misgiving were about criminal justice . 
   a system that takes 8 years to finally publish the motivation for a murder investigation this is simply false and another indication that you do n't understand the justice system you are trying to criticize . 
   is third world level imho . 
  yes , but you re-defining words does n't make them true , you know ? 
   so not that outlandish . 
  no , not that outlandish . 
  but the reform proposals are not about how `` pointless '' the levels of appeals are , but how exactly they should function - few people actually want less than three , which is the norm in most of the world with a court of first instance , a court of appeals and a supreme court \\ court of final resort . 
  i never agreed with the people who thought that immigrants were a cultural plague , but i ca n't abide people who would increment the selfie-stick frenzy . 
  turn back the boats , sink them if we must , but they shall not pass . 
   and it 's probably the last thing someone running for his life would take . 
  people have this naive view that a refugee must be someone who literally grabbed a bushel of necessities and ran out of his house while bombs are falling . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  most wars nowadays see limited intense conflict in any given region except for the main frontlines . 
  in other places , people can live in relative security most of the time , but they either get periodically overrun by the shifting frontline or they are put at risk by raiding , banditry and similar things . 
  most refugees understandably flee * before * the danger is right on them , but that does n't mean their flight is any less legitimate . 
  what this means is that , for a lot of people , running for their life means making plans , trying to use the support of relatives abroad , organizing their trip as best as they can . 
  they are still fleeing , they are still in danger , they are still legitimate refugees . 
  of course they take money with them , all of their money if they are n't leaving anyone behind , because they have little hope of seeing any of their property on their eventual return . 
  and of course , as much as it might enrage people who think that refugees should be groveling in their poverty , sometimes they spend it on items that are not immediate necessities . 
  feeling human is about more than having bread and water . 
  a selfie-stick costs inconsequential sums and can help you have some fun while you sleep in shit-tier accomodation and are on the road every day . 
  and , to address a common criticism , a smartphone is much more of a necessity than a luxury . 
  it allows you to keep in communication with relatives , who are often your only support network . 
  it allows you to access information , so you can plan ahead of things . 
  and yes it also provides entertainment , which is something that people enjoy even in the shittiest life circumstances . 
  so no , selfie sticks are not the thing you grab while you run out of your house . 
  but that 's not why people have it , and them having it does n't delegitimise them as refugees . 
   maybe because any attempt to engage with the / r/europe community is like putting your dick in a bee hive ? 
  on any platform and in every forum a mod attempting to explain a policy with which the community disagrees is like putting your dick in a beehive . 
  that is one of the great constants of moderation since the internet existed , and probably since moderated discussion of any kind existed . 
   make a new subreddit called metaeurope there 's / r/europemeta which has been created and is moderated by the / r/europe mod team , so i guess it 's kind of official . 
   but i understand it if italians get annoyed when foreigners point out their shortcoming mmmmmh nope . 
  we 're generally all too aware of our shortcomings . 
  the issue that we often have is that when they are the topic of the foreign press , these shortcomings are a ) misunderstood as to their mechanics and causes and b ) generally blown out of proportion . 
  like this :  but every so often a reminder that some things there are of third world quality - none more so than the justice system . 
  or this :  three pointless appeal levels or this :  where each appeal more often than not contradicts the previous one - it happened in this case too , where knox was guilty , then innocent , now guilty again where you are taking a single case and extrapolating it to a trend . 
  more generally , even the use of statistics is often misleading when undertaken superficially . 
  an oft-cited number is `` 60 % of verdicts are overturned in appeal '' . 
  if you look into it , you 'll find that the number comes from a 6 months survey of the criminal court of appeals in milan ; that it refers to the percentage of its verdicts which did not sustain the previous verdict ; that , in the italian system , that does not imply that the previous verdict was overturned , but in most cases that it was merely modified . 
  and , of course , only those verdicts who are taken before the court of appeals go into this stat . 
  so are there problems with our justice system ? 
  yes , many . 
  are foreign analysis ' of it wrong often enough that we have cause to point it out ? 
  yes . 
  i enjoy the discussion surrounding this case because nobody actually ever talks about it , it 's always about drawing broad generalizations from this or a handful more cases . 
  there have been gross and embarrassing failures of justice in every nation . 
  this one happened to involve people from the two major anglophone nations , so it got a disproportionate amount of attention on reddit . 
  [ this ban ] ( http://imgur.com/a/coj7z ) at the top of your thread . 
  i read through your thread . 
  like i said , it 's a collection of small pieces of info , none of which contains much information by itself , that collated gives the impression of a case . 
  except we do n't know the reasons for those removals , we do n't know if those were the only removals done , we basically know nothing beyond what you 've chosen to show . 
  is it possible that there is n't a single legit removal by dclauzel that you came across ? 
  the fact that everything he does is portrayed as wrong and censory makes the entire thread look like a witchunt more than a balanced analysis of his actions . 
  can we try to analyze the evidence though ? 
  there 's a lot of mod activity from dclauzel . 
  ok , does that mean anything ? 
  you can automate a lot of modwork , including via your personal account . 
  it 's very possible that this is what we are seeing here . 
  as for the ban , i spoke to dclauzel and he told me that the guy had already had lots of comments removed for spam , that was more like the straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  the problem with subs like subredditcancer is that they have this conspiracy mentality that collates tiny pieces of info and turns them into giant granite balls of pseudoevidence . 
  neither option is correct . 
  some people are migrating i.e. 
  they are moving here in an attempt to stay here . 
  those are migrants . 
  some people are coming here for refuge but intend to return home ; those are asylum seeker and , when that 's granted , refugees . 
  any country that has bidets in every toilet room , water levels that do n't cause ridiculous splashback when you poop and bowl shapes that do n't make your piss sprinkle round like some kinky fairy shit . 
  so basically italy . 
  to be clear , is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z63pfhb.png ) the comment in question ? 
  [ the very same photo of the drowned child has a turkish officers wearing a vest with turkish writing on it . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/04/world/europe/syria-boy-drowning.html ), 
   a crime intended to affect a person who happens to be muslim except that 's literally not what it means , you have to inteject `` person * who happens to be * a muslim '' to change the meaning and sustain your argument . 
   basically it says any crime intended against a muslim is islamophobic , regardless of whether it was their religion that was the reason for their being targeted . 
  is there a language problem here ? 
  `` intended to affect those known or perceived to be muslim '' means that there 's a specific intent to affect muslims , not that the target just happened to be muslim but the perpetrator did n't care . 
   i 'm sure i 'm now shadow banned from this sub , just for suggesting this . 
  two hours and you are yet to be banned . 
  this will surely make you reconsider your paranoia , right ? 
   yesterday there was two pictures published were it was shown that greek police moved the drowned syrian child to the famous spot for better photos . 
  that 's extraordinary , considering he was found on a turkish beach . 
  the wording literally suggests that the intent is what matters , it even uses the verb `` intend '' . 
   part of what makes me worried about europe and its ability to assimilate migrants is that some nations ( germany in particular ) do n't seem to have any kind of nationalism . 
  that 's terrible , how can a nation survive without kids reciting the pledge of allegiance and the national flag plastered on every last bit of consumer item ? 
  i know that germany 's problems would definitely be solved if every merkel speech ended with `` deutschland uber alles in der welt ! '', 
  shitposts , the dream . 
   its actually not hard . 
  it 's even easier to hit the tracktor with water cannons . 
   you would be shooting in the driver 's direction , however , you would be shooting several feet in front of him . 
  well that 's a comfort , they are only going to be shooting a few feet in front of a person . 
  that 's great , that 's what i want my police to do even if they have alternative options . 
   you just have to hit the side . 
  the part of the tractor with the big window and the entire profile of the driver ? 
  yeah we should definitely shoot it , that seems appropriate . 
  we have water cannons that can make it desist with little risk , but why would we use those when you can shoot it with guns ? 
   i 'm surely going to get downvoted for this yes , reddit is notorious for loving islam and especially its most conservative parts , you will surely be downvoted for saying that the veil should be banned . 
   you dont have the break the block but only hit the electronics . 
  what model of tractor has the electronics in front of the engine block rather than behind or above it ? 
  well we did manage to go three posts before all semblance of rational discourse flew out of the window , that 's not too bad for this topic .
