   greece could very well do more to control its borders no , it could n't , and it 's highly hypocritical of you to shout that greece must respect its obligation to the schengen treaties while ignoring that the same european treaties force it to rescue migrants at sea and prevent it from turning them back to turkey . 
   and/or register refugees sure , as soon as the eu delivers on its promised redistribution plan . 
  there 's already one for 160.000 registered refugees , less than a thousand have been moved . 
  why is greece the only party that 's supposed to hold up its end ? 
   by what fucking logic is greece to blame for any of this ? 
  by the logic that this provides an easy scapegoat for european politicians that need to explain to their electorates why the migrant situation is being non-managed . 
  dumping the fault on a country they already mistrust sounds like a winning strategy in that regard . 
   that is their responsibility , no one else . 
  and that 's in the fairy world where the treaties make sense and everyone is keeping their word . 
  right now the eu proposition to greece is `` register and keep all incoming migrants in camps there , wait for our redistribution plan and deal with turkey , it 's coming super-quick ! '', 
  we agreed to redistribute 160.000 refugees , we 've moved less than a thousand , the deal with turkey is stalled . 
  greece is correctly calling bullshit on the eu 's promises and refusing to turn itself into a giant migrant camp . 
  in their present conditions they are acting out of basic self-preservation while doing what they can to follow humanitarian law concerning rescue at sea . 
  greece is doing an outstanding job in impossible circumstance . 
  the rest of the eu should be praising it , not piling on the abuse . 
   i 'm pretty sure that the border between turkey and greece is a land border . 
  it 's not a schengen border , so kicking greece out of the area would have zero impact on how that border works . 
  that 's the point . 
  it would only inconvenience greeks trying to take a plane to a schengen country , but the migrant situation would be completely unaffacted . 
   that is totally beside the point . 
  it is completely obviously not , in fact it 's exactly the point . 
  kicking greece out of schengen would achieve exactly nothing concerning the migrant situation , it would only make it more of a nuisance for greeks to take a plane or ship to other schengen countries . 
  it would be pure retaliation on the part of the rest of europe . 
   greece has a large navy that could patrol the coast of the islands closest to turkey . 
  i do n't know what the problem is but the state of information regarding greece is extremely poor in most of europe . 
  the greek navy is already very busy patrolling its coast , both for historical and contingent reasons . 
  those dozens of videos of greek coast guard vessels rescuing migrants at sea are not produced by accident , it 's what they 've been doing all day every day for more than a year . 
  current legislation means that they have to rescue and take in people and there are practically zero chances of returning them to turkey . 
  there is nothing greece could legally do to stop or turn back migrants at sea , so let 's stop faulting the country shall we ? 
  i see scapegoating greece has not gone out of fashion . 
  greece does not possess a schengen land border , so kicking it out of the area would do nothing to stop migrants from landing there and moving on to the rest of europe . 
  it 's a purely retaliatory response against a country who 's already on its knees . 
  it 's quite extraordinary the contempt with which european institutions treat greece . 
  the country 's economy is in the toilet , it 's by no fault of its own on the external border of the union looking over to an area of conflict and migration , and the only thing europe seems capable of doing is extending some perfunctory , self-serving help and threatening it if it does n't do better at containing refugees than countries much richer and larger . 
  i think it was the last selectable day in the form , being 50 years into the future . 
   it 's not about same-sex marriage , it 's about civil unions . 
  nope , the rallies are for full rights , as the bbc correctly reports . 
  the law in discussion in parliament is for civil unions , these rallies are saying `` the time for grudging half measures is over , give everyone their rights ! '', 
  allright , a few things : - sorry for delay . 
  the timing of the 500k subs coincided with the holidays , which meant that we lazed about rather than working on publishing this . 
  - we ( edit : by `` we '' i mean '' / u/saltysolomon '' , who should be eternally thanked for doing this thankless job ) cleaned out the troll answers , like the various invitations for the mod team to do sexually explicit things to various ethnicities and similar stuff . 
  some stuff might have slipped through , so consider it mildly nsfw if you are in an environment where you definitely ca n't have niggers written anywhere on your screen . 
  enjoy , and let us know what you think !, 
   when laws such as that give gay people special dispensation based on their sexuality damn , you read italian ? 
  congrats dude , not a popular choice for second language . 
  though you need to work on it a little more because that 's not what that law does in any way shape or form , but it 's easy to misunderstand legalese us mothertongues do it all the time . 
  i think he was using eu to refer less to the institution and more to the states who make it up . 
  i understand your general frustration with people complaining that the eu ( the institutions ) is n't doing anything in areas where it actually does n't have the power to do anything . 
  an explainer italy has no institutional recognition of any kind of union except traditional marriage . 
  renzi 's government is working to have parliament pass a law that will introduce civil partnerships for all couples , including same-sex ones . 
  the government 's draft is being opposed by a wide front , from the conservative opposition to catholics within the government 's own coalition . 
  dozens of senators from renzi 's own party are in open opposition and have advanced poison-pill amendments that would strip the law of most of its innovations . 
  coinciding with the tensest period of negotiations and voting , the annual family day has been set for the 30th of january . 
  the family day is a gathering of conservative political forces and groups who oppose any legislative recognition for anything other than the traditional nuclear family . 
  today 's demonstrations across italy and in front of italian embassies around the world are in support of the rights of gay couples and of their children , who at the moment live with no institutional recognition and none of the rights usually associated with marriage and parenting . 
  yeah . 
  according to the binning on that map , i live in an area whose demographics are roughly comparable to tower hamlets . 
  a walk around in both suggests that is very , very far from the truth . 
  this article looks to be written by someone who has n't so much long followed the situation and seen what is coming than someone who 's read the last few days ' headlines and hastily put together an opinion piece . 
  and they have n't even read them that carefully :  one potential outcome is that italy 's major banks could club together to rescue monte dei paschi nobody 's talking about an individual mps rescue , it would accomplish little or nothing . 
  there are more banks with underperforming loans in need of assistance , as the article itself states further on :  a bloomberg analysis puts monte dei paschi 's non-performing loans at almost one-third of its asset book , followed by banca carige at 27.4 pc and banco popolare at 26.2 pc , all cripplingly high levels . 
  the idea floating around , and for which the italian governmet seems to be fighting tooth and nail on the european stage , is the creation of a bad bank which would take on the underperforming loans from ** all ** banks involved , while consolidations and recapitalizations solidify the good banks . 
  the eu is blocking this fearing it would be a form of state aid , and wants instead for each bank to create its own small bad bank . 
  this is less of an opinion piece on europe and more an occasion for self-promotion and glorification . 
  renzi spends 129 words on where he 'd like europe to change . 
  by contrast , 307 words are spent on renzi 's past and planned domestic reforms . 
  i am more surprised that the foreign paper would lend itself to this than i am that renzi would do it . 
  he most likely wrote it in italian and had professionally translated . 
  renzi 's english is n't remotely this good . 
   the economy is like a kitchen where everyone is free to bake their own unlimited amounts of pies . 
  except a small minority of people own the knives , the ovens , the electric utility , the flour , the eggs and the fridge , while the majority of people do n't own any cooking implement and must find employment with the owners . 
  the system is rigged in such a way that your lot in the kitchen is mostly determined by your parents ' rather than your cooking ability . 
  honestly scampia is n't that bad , there 's enough open space that you feel lke at least you 'd have somewhere to run . 
  try something like [ rione sanit\u00e0 ] ( http://www.vesuviolive.it/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/4c1783d3030c4c95aee6a3f23699b16d51bf6a8ec3f76.jpg ) in naples or [ san berillo ] ( http://www.kinodromo.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/san-berillo-5-1024x576.jpg ) in catania for that suffocating , holy-shit-this-is-where-i-die feeling . 
  it would make a pretty good battlefield map tho, 
  without it , the neighborhood would look pretty ok . 
  it honestly does n't look that bad , just run down . 
  some of the industrial buildings are actually pretty cool . 
   abortions should n't be taken lightly nice strawman , except practically no one does that . 
  it 's always the same shit with anti-abortionists : find the one case where someone is making light of abortion and tout that as the norm . 
  try honesty , it works better in the long run . 
  also , what you say has literally nothing to do with bkkgrl 's comment . 
  he 's correctly decrying that the law in italy is contradictory : on the one hand , hospitals are mandated by law to provide voluntary termination ; on the other , they are not allowed to choose who to hire and retain based on whether they are willing to perform the procedure . 
  this is idiotic and allow the powerful catholic lobbies that largely dominate italian healthcare to effectively deny abortions to large parts of our population . 
   how about we erect a fence around italy and tell them to fuck off ? 
  i 'm fine with the plan , i really am . 
  you get to have your fence , we get out of the stupid-ass eu economic policies that are strangling us . 
  win-win . 
  couple of corrections though , just for the sake of good information :  how about italy stops shipping migrants to europe ? 
  `` italy '' is n't shipping diddly jack to europe . 
  europe is shipping migrants to europe . 
  triton is a frontex i.e. 
  eu mission . 
  ships from your own country make up the second largest contingent in the s&r fleet . 
  how about britain stops shipping migrants to italy ? 
   they ship them in because they know the migrants want to head north and wo n't be italy 's problem . 
  we ` ship ' them because international treaties bind us to rescue people at sea and prevent us from returning them to a country in civil war and no one , including your own electorates , wants to just let migrants drown . 
  it 's not even a theoretical matter , we tried and as soon as people started drowing the entirety of europe was up in arms asking for a rescue mission . 
   how about we erect a fence around italy there 's already a fence around italy , it 's called the alps . 
  migrants do n't cross on foot in the middle of giant-ass mountains , they go through regular borders .
