  the answer is `` because they hoped to buy a few more years of peace during which to build up the red army to a point where it could crush nazi germany , which was the plan all along '' . 
  the soviets never expected the peace with germany to last and were well aware of hitler 's anti-bolschevik rhetoric . 
   this should lead to ground breaking jurisprudence !, 
  it 's not even an easy question . 
  sure gollum is a wretched creature whose obsessions pushes him to several abyssal layers of depravity , but he 's also an ultimately tragic character who is instrumental in the ultimate deliverance of me from evil through divine intervention . 
  i mean that 's no easy question to answer . 
   there has to be a barren island somewhere we can put them . 
  this is the mediterranean , it 's been thickly inhabited for four millennia , the only barren islands are far too small to host even a small percentage of all migrants . 
  sorry , but this is utter bullshit . 
  it 's fairly incredible how it 's made the rounds on italian media and how even foreign media failed to do basic fact checking . 
  nothing happened . 
  christmas was not cancelled . 
  the christmas concert was not cancelled , nor rebranded , nor postponed . 
  christmas songs , either or a religious nature or not , were not forbidden . 
  the only thing that the headmaster denied was the request by two moms to come into the school during lunch hour and teach church songs to the christian children ; whatever you think of his decision , you can very well tell that the guardian article does n't even remotely talk about this . 
  from this , a story was spun out based 100 % of falsehoods to score cheap political points with the `` war on christmas '' narrative ; italian media is picking up on the actual story just now , i imagine it will take a couple of days for foreign media to follow suit . 
  edit : [ here 's the / r/italy thread on this event ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/italy/comments/3utpmf/update_ovviamente_per_quanto_riguarda_il_preside/ ) . 
  it links to a letter by the director of the school clarifying what did and did n't happen . 
  unless you want to start sinking boats or returning them to turkey without turkey 's permission , you need a deal with turkey to return migrants there . 
  if you have a better negotiating offer than money and a visa deal , please share it . 
   the ecb is just completely unwilling to do what is necessary the ecb is unable , not unwilling . 
  draghi is chomping at the bit to use the full extent of monetary policy , but the ecb 's limited mandate coupled with strong opposition to looser monetary policy by several governments means he had to fight tooth and nail to even get qe this late into the game . 
  in case you are curious , this is simply false . 
  the alleged cancellation of christmas festivities did n't happen , nor was the nativity scene removed or the christmas carols prohibited . 
  the only actual thing that happened was that the request by two moms to come into the school during lunch break to teach religious songs specifically to the christian children was denied . 
  the case was then turned into `` school director forbids christmas songs '' , which became `` school director forbids christmas songs , nativity scenes and takes down the crosses from the walls '' , which became `` war on christmas '' . 
  since it 's a bullshit story through and through , i 'm removing it . 
   and if they ca n't go back to home countries put them in prison everybody keeps forgetting that this is what italy tried for several years . 
  it does n't work . 
  you get your prison system overburdened with tens of thousands of people who are in for illegal immigration , your courts get slammed with all the required trials ( because hell no we are not going to suspend the constitutional right to due process ) and immigration does n't actually stop . 
  it 's a tried and failed idea . 
   if it is a small number like < 10 000 people buy them tickets back , if it is more simply detain them . 
  otherwise the state loses money for travelling those people back . 
  you lose much , much more money detaining tens of thousands of people . 
   first of all i prevent putting myself in a situation where i would be stuck in a mass shelter with other young men and nothing to do . 
  every night , before going to sleep , i thank god that expertentipp is preventing a bloody civil war from breaking out in europe and sending us as refugees to other countries . 
  thank you , from the bottom of my heart . 
  only inscriptions would be written in stone , by specialized artisans . 
  most early writing would have been done by court clerks writing on clay or wax tablets with styluses . 
  i 'm sure we 'll find a way to move on from this terrible tragedy . 
  the palestinians might not , but it 's not like they ever had a chance with netanyahu in the first place . 
  if you are reading the comments to ascertain whether the article is interesting , do yourself a favour and read it . 
  it 's marvelouslly written , full of a sense of tragedy and utter senselessness that only an educated , bright young man can who has gone through this process can so clearly put into words . 
  has anyone read the article ? 
   a european union draft document , which is expected to be released after a nov. 29 meeting with turkey and has been seen by daily h\u00fcrriyet , has set october 2016 as the target date for visa exemption for turkish citizens . 
  this is a turkish publication presenting a eu draft document , which might be anything from a simple contengency proposal to the real negotiating draft , as the eu 's official decision . 
  at this stage , hurriyet 's headline is a big stretch . 
  what is far juicier is this :  turkey is scheduled to fully implement the readmission agreement with all eu member countries as of june 2016 , ** which requires the country to recognize greek cyprus ** . 
  both turkish diplomacy sources and eu authorities have said they aim for a solution on the divided cyprus by spring next year . 
  the readmission agreement hinges on the question of turkey recognising greek cyprus , which might be a bigger sticking point than the visa agreement of the eu 's compensation for turkey 's asylum expenses . 
  that was a stunning quip :d taking the argument to its conclusion though , i doubt that with the extremely deep pockets and long reach of , say , the nsa , they could n't have poached entire teams from marketing and analytics firms if the tech really were there . 
   `` how could the turkish airforce predict that the russian jets were about to enter turkish airspace ? 
  military jets are very agile , and in theory the russian jets could have turned at the last moment to avoid turkish airspace . 
  the warnings issued to the russian pilots were mere speculation at the moment they were made . '' this is either naive or positively stupid . 
  yes , they were speculation : warning signals to turn away from the current course , assuming the plane would have maintained it . 
  there is nothing wrong with this simple cautionary principle : it does n't cost resources , do n't create problems for either part and ( when it works ) avoids pointless tensions . 
   according to those facts , the warnings could n't possibly have been issued in the time the jets were in turkish territory . 
  unless turkish air controllers can speak impossibly fast , issuing ten warnings in seven seconds seems kinda improbable . 
  again , stupid . 
  the warning would of course be issued before the jet entered turkish space , for which there would have been ample time . 
   in issues like these , there 's never one party to blame . 
  why ? 
  it might very well be the case here , but this faux-cynicism does n't help in the pursuit of truth . 
  some times one party fucks up unilaterally . 
  assuming it 's impossible introduces an unwarranted bias . 
   on the russian map , it can be seen that the plane makes a ninety degree turn after it was hit , which is quite impossible . 
  according to the physicists , the only way this could be achieved is if the momentum of the incoming rocket was so much larger than the momentum of the jet that the latter would be negligible . 
  `` a change of course of 90 degrees can only be achieved with an object that 's many times heavier or faster than the jet , '' the physicists write . 
  from this we can conclude that the jets were not actively trying to avoid turkish territory , which is the russian side of the story . 
  the map in question is not a radar track , it 's an illustration . 
  the drawn 90 \u00b0 turn is fishy , but we ca n't seriously state that this is what russia specifically claims happened based on an obvious non-technical map . 
  conclusion : i love physicists , i studied physics , but too often we believe that we can tackle any topic with a few simple considerations and make fools of ourselves . 
  i 'll bring it up with people in charge of the flairs . 
  next time you need something like this , please message the moderators using the link in the sidebar , 
   even when it 's all out in the open , there 's just so much that there 's no way to monitor everything in real time . 
  there 's no way to monitor everything even with a month 's lead time . 
  the problem is n't so much collecting or sifting through the data - we already know that this is done . 
  it 's designing detection algorithms that are both sensitive enough to pick up on the tiny signal of people potentially organizing something nefarious , and * specific * enough not to pick up too many false positives . 
  right now , we obviously do n't have the technical ability to do so . 
  something that will detect 50 % of terrorist plots will also detect orders of magnitude more innocuous things , like people buying fertilizer for a school garden project , somebody taking up shooting and watching violent videos ( because his gf left him ) and so on . 
  in case this is n't / s : i mean , what could go wrong ? 
  it 's not like we have documented precedent of western officials using more limited surveillance instruments than what you propose to attack political rivals and suppress political opposition . 
   if the ussr was run like an actual corporation , which goes for efficiency it would have run much better . 
  you are simply ignoring history . 
  soviet state capitalism was founded * precisely * upon the idea that the ussr needed to copy capitalist methods to increase the efficiency of industry . 
  european and american experts and industrial partners were spefically brought in for this purpose . 
   state capitalism is just a term marxist made up whenever communist attempts failed . 
  [ the term state capitalism was invented before any communist attempt was made and entered leninist literature specifically in the early years of the russian civil war , with lenin using the concept to describe a phase of accelerated industrialization and modernization of the economy through capitalist means . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_capitalism#origins_and_early_uses_of_the_term ) not sure why you think it was invented or popularized post-facto , it 's just plain not true . 
  it was an openly-declared soviet policy to use state capitalism to bring russia up to the level of the western industrial power . 
   an age of questioning authority that the world has n't seen before not entirely sure what you are referencing . 
  the 60s and 70s saw student protests , anti-war movements and labour agitation that brought to the western world the civil rights and welfare programs that have come to define it , at least by contrast with other nations . 
  today there is nothing like that . 
  student are a politically marginal demographic ; anti-war movements are without teeth ; labour organization has mostly been tamed or dismantled , with labour rights receding all over the western world . 
  i think every state has an independence \\ unification \\ national day . 
  italy 's is called republic day and it 's on the 2nd of june , commemorating the 1946 referendum on the establishment of the republic that took place on that day . 
  as for the rest , we have the usual christian festivities and labour day . 
   who is going to grow up to be a hard-ass violent dog : / police dogs are not violent , they are extremely well-trained and behaved . 
  they are needed as controllable aides in police operations ; a violent dog would a liability both practical and legal . 
   their totally awesome direct democracy has brought switzerland into a really shitty situation .
