  false headline . 
  this is the one from the article :  la junta electoral proh\u00edbe colgar la ` estelada ' de los edificios p\u00fablicos en campa\u00f1a the translation is  ** the electoral commission has prohibited the display of the catalan independence flag on public buildings during the electoral campaign ** op , it does no credit to your cause to lie in this shameless way . 
  can a swedish speaker explain if this is what the minister literally said and if there was any relevant context against which the statement should be understood ? 
  as it is , the statement sounds outrageous , but i 've learned to distrust scandal around isolated and decontextualized sentences . 
   the five-page dossier he sent to brussels pointed out that a visitor is charged $ 18 to enter the doge 's palace , while venetians can visit for free . 
  even meaner would appear to be the $ 5-a-day charge for wi-fi , given that locals can access it without paying . 
  rides on vaporetti -- waterbuses that ferry people around the city -- cost $ 7 for tourists but just $ 1.30 for venetians . 
  this is just a form of tourism tax , plain and simple . 
  the thing is that tourists bring in a lot of money , but do n't actually end up paying much in local taxes . 
  they pay vat on their purchases and the tourism industry pays its taxes , but tourists do n't pay personal income tax ( part of which , in italy , finances local services ) nor do they pay municipal services tax . 
  with so few residents , so many tourists and a city that requires such a gigantic amount of maintenance , the revenue has got to come from somewhere . 
  this is indisputable : maintenance work for venice and all that it contains is extremely expensive , and the taxes raised from local residents and businesses is simply insufficient . 
  there are a few solutions to generate this revenue for the city : - larger transfers from the central government . 
  this would mean effectively subsidizing tourists to venice with the taxes paid by the rest of italy , which is both unjust and politically untenable . 
  - enacting a direct tourism tax . 
  this is simply extremely unpopular without tourists , who absolutely hate the idea of having to pay a tax just to visit a city , and might very well be illegal under national and european law . 
  - enacting indirect tourism taxes , in the form of taxes on the tourism industry that would then be passed onto tourists . 
  that could work better , but raising prices for things like hotels and cruise stays will lead to a negative market response , because tourists can easily compare those prices . 
  - raise the costs of city services like transport and other tickets for tourists only . 
  that 's the bingo solution : only tourists pay it , most wo n't know it 's there until they are already there , and even if they complain about it they are far less likely to not come to venice because of them than because of the hotel or cruise prices . 
  it is exactly the same revenue model of printers : cheap printers and expensive ink , cheap ( well , relatively to its true cost ) stays in venice and expensive services . 
  everyone hates it , but people keep buying cheap printers with expensive ink and cheap venice stays with expensive services . 
   `` imagine if they did the same thing in paris , london or rome . '', 
  each of which is a proper city that does n't exist exclusively as an international theme park ; each of which has areas that are effectively international theme parks , but much larger and more populated areas which are just regular cities with its businesses and residents . 
  edit : it 's also not very clear how `` corruption '' has stifled the life of the city . 
  it 's a very common automatism in the foreign press to just chalk up problems to a generic `` corruption '' when it comes to italy , but corruption explains much less than what they 'd like to in their quest for simplistic explanations . 
  in this case , the mayor of venice and others were arrest in a corruption investigation about a public works projects ; a public works project which is in * no way * related to people leaving venice . 
  people are leaving venice because rents are completely unaffordable and the only jobs are in tourism , as the article explains . 
  the mayor being in jail has literally nothing to do with it . 
  so , to be perfectly clear , everything you 've sent to me is about a single mod , not `` mods '' . 
  and the misbehavior that is attributed to him has nothing to do with what problemy has been talking about . 
  go right ahead, 
   account age  1 year the account i 'm currently using is less than a year old , but in the past i 've had alts ( abandoned for privacy reasons ) which are much older , which i can show on request . 
   500 + combined karma from any subreddits yup . 
   be on reddit at least once per day to review the mod queue oh definitely . 
   have experience as a moderator ( or similar ) i mod a small subreddit here , and i was the admin of a fairly large gaming community for years ( which has since shut down and merged with another ; i 'm no longer involved ) . 
   do you have any experience with automoderator ( / r/automoderator ) , css or the mod toolbox ( / r/toolbox ) ? 
  yes to the first two , nope to the third . 
   what timezone are you in , and when are you generally on reddit ? 
  i 'm on reddit from 1 pm to 4 am gmt ; due to the nature of my work i often end up refreshing reddit every 10 minutes or so , so during those hours i 'm pretty much constantly on here ( as can be seen from my posting history ) . 
   what is your favorite/least favorite thing about / r/europe getting to see things from so many different perspectives is one of the best things about / r/europe . 
  some of the most interesting threads on here are those about countries or regions i 've never heard of , situations i never thought about , points of view i could never be exposed to without a place this . 
  my least favorite thing is the low quality content that sometimes slips through , and the endless discussions that it sparks . 
  low quality articles from unreliable sources with sensationalized headlines are the chimera of all that i dislike . 
   what could be implemented to make it better ? 
  the new rules are imho a fantastic step in the right direction . 
  i think that , for now , we should strive for their full implementation , adjusting things if and when that proves necessary . 
  oh , and i 'd like to add some more regional flags to the css , the heraldry among the users is quite interesting , not to mention very decorative . 
   what would make you a good moderator ? 
  i 've had tons of experience dealing with strongly opinionated communities , and i think i do a fairly good job in giving a voice to everyone while making sure that trolls and bottom-feeders do n't cause too many problems . 
  i can separate being a mod from being a user , and take the super-partes approach that is needed when dealing with contentious issues from a position of responsibility . 
   that 's not assuming , that 's fact checking . 
  actually , for now that 's claiming . 
  every single mod-conspiracy thread goes exactly like this post of yours : `` i have tons of proof that they are behaving badly , i have proof of this thing , and this other things , and this other thing . 
  these are all facts , with proof . 
  what , post it ? 
  no , look for it yourself . '', 
  post the damn proof . 
  where ? 
  but more importantly , what does it matter ? 
  a bomb launched from a drone and a drone launched from a bomber with a pilot inside kill all the same . 
  the problem with us drone strikes is n't the drones , it 's that they are in area of legality and morality so grey that it 's almost completely black ; it would n't be any better if they were using manned aircraft . 
  the more of these plans is revealed , the more it seems that they are either going to be too small to have an effect or they are going to cost far more than the rescue mission we were operating . 
  mare nostrum came in at $ 6 million a month ; are we seriously expecting to spend any less bombing ports and deploying ground troops there ? 
  i do n't understand why you are focusing on drones . 
  so far the attack plans are all employing traditional ground attack aircraft , not drones . 
  nor is the article mentioning drones in any way . 
  it 's a small fortified dock on the garda lake that was added to the scaliger castle after it was conquered by venice . 
  it would protect the local fleet and provide a supply route for the castle during a siege . 
   how should i make a distincion on terrorist attacks ? 
  well if it 's for academic purposes it 's part of the scientific question to arrive at a working definition i imagine . 
   at the end that did occour in the city at the sea , so i suppose it did affect tourism somehow . . 
  is n't that the object of your paper though ? 
  you ca n't suppose that it affect tourism , you need to prove it . 
  as far as i 've seen , it was considered a sad affair but nothing that would worry a tourist or even be known by them . 
  lone wolf attack for personal revenge , only qualified as `` terrorism '' in court because he placed the bomb in a public place . 
  not related to tourism in any case . 
  it 's the same quarterly growth that france , germany and the uk are having . 
  make of that what you will , especially considering that they have been out of recession for a bit while this would be our first quarter of growth in many years , but it 's still not too shabby . 
   more specific my work is about terrorism and tourism in eu mediterannean , so i should try to get some validated informations on terrorist attacks in those countreise ( in 21 . century ) and put them in correlation with tourism . . to my knowledge , there has n't been any terrorist attack committed by foreigners in italy in the 21st century or in the post-war period in general . 
  i mean that much was obvious . 
  ukip 's very little without farage as a frontman . 
  nope , it 's literally a eu law , the dublin regulation . 
  well apparently you can ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   to reform the senate there needs to be an amendment to the constitution and that requires a 2/3 majority it requires a 2/3 majority to be directly approved , but it can be passed with a 50 % +1 majority and would in that case be put to a referendum . 
  no , only constitutional reforms . 
  other laws have to be passed once by each house , unless one house makes major amendments in which case it has to go back to the other house . 
   from next year the italian senate will be a house of review with appointed members from the regions no , that 's not a part of the electoral law . 
  it 's part of a constitutional reform package that has only begun the required lengthy approval process . 
   from july next year will all the current senators be removed from power and replaced or will they wait until the next election ? 
  we ca n't really tell because the law is still in the early stages of approval ; it 's passed the chamber of deputies , now it has to pass the senate , then the chamber again , then the senate . 
  that 's if no major amendments to the law are made in between , otherwise it has to have the amendments approved by both houses . 
  finally , unless the government can muster a 2/3 majority in both houses ( extremely unlikely ) , the law will be automatically put to referendum and only come into effect if it passes that . 
  in practice , it will be years before this law can see the light of day , if it does at all . 
   could the law be undone by the constitutional court for being unconstitutional ? 
  the possibility exists , but it would have to violate some fundamental constitutional principle for that to happen . 
   finally , what is your personal opinion ? 
  will it improve italy 's notorious procession of new prime ministers ? 
  my opinion is that the constitutional reform that eliminates the senate as an elective assembly does n't have the best chances of passing . 
  the process is inherently lengthy , and the government 's majority in the senate is currently unstable enough that we might very well go to new elections before that process is completed .
