  at the time , there was a party that had nigh made it the centerpiece of their political campaign to stand fast on the promise not to raise tuition fees . 
  this party was likely to become a junior party in a coalition government , from where it would have to compromise , but could also hold tight on a few key issues . 
  tuition fees was the keyest of issues for them , based on their campaign . 
  so obviously the pragmatic choice was to vote for them , as they were likely to be in the perfect position to stop a specific thing from being passed . 
  if i wanted a specific thing to * be * passed they would not be a good choice , because a junior coalition partner is unlikely to able to push its own legislation , but it is very likely to able to * block * legislation . 
  so voting lib dem was clearly the pragmatic choice . 
  except what happened was the opposite of what should have happened . 
  instead of holding true to their core promise , they threw that one under the bus in return for concessions on other , less emphasized things . 
  and what they did was no compromise : they did n't accept a 10 % , or 20 % , or 50 % , or even 100 % increase , but a 200 % one . 
  that 's not even a compromise , that 's just giving up on the issue . 
  and despite the fire-and-brimstone lib dem supporters who now argue that they had to do it because otherwise the coalition would have gone bust and britain would have sunk in the sea , that 's simply not true . 
  the tories would not have scrapped the coalition over tuition fees . 
  even in the improbable case that they did , britain having another election would not have `` put the country in so much shit '' , as another poster argued in this very thread . 
  nor would have the lib dems suffered in the polls . 
  in fact , had they sent the coalition belly up over tuition fees , they could have gone to the poll as the champions of students and as the one party who kept their promises no matter what . 
  that 's an enviable position , and definitely the most * pragmatic * position . 
   besides , if you vote green you 're just unaware of the economic reality that the country is facing and you 'll believe any utopia . 
  if you vote labour or tory you 're a hypocrite . 
  so basically unless somebody votes like you or ukip they are idiots or hypocrites ? 
  sounds like a reasonable basis for a political discussion . 
   you seem to think the 9k was the first figure tabled . 
  no , i really do n't , you just keep assuming that i must be misinformed because you seem to think that i could n't possibly disagree with you otherwise . 
  but i can , even knowing that the libdems did indeed negotiate . 
  i do disagree that it 's not a legitimate reason to not vote for them anymore ; because even if they did negotiate , i personally believe that * core * election promises should be untouchable , and that betraying those essentially voids the purpose of an election , which is voting for someone who best represents your ideas . 
  if they cross what for you is a red line , and what they promised would be a red line for them too , then you have no reason to trust them not to do it again in a similar manner , and thus ca n't trust them to represent your ideas . 
   you missed what i said . 
  i do n't think i did , what do you think i missed ? 
   they did oppose the raise 21 libdem mps opposed the raise , the others did n't . 
  not even a majority of their 57 mps . 
   personally this has n't dissuaded me from voting them and that 's fine , but i ca n't see the case for saying it 's idiotic not to vote for them over this . 
  if a party does the opposite of what i consider to be an important part of their program , i really ca n't trust to do the same the next time with another important part of their new program . 
  so not implementing their promises is an acceptable reason to not vote for a party again , but implementing * the opposite * of their promises is not ? 
  this does n't make logical sense . 
   there 's an incredible number of idiots who think the libdems are shit because they did n't manage to make tuition free . 
  if it 's not legitimate and even idiotic to stop voting for a party because they went back on a clear and major promise of their manifesto that was personally important to me , what 's a legitimate reason to stop voting for a party ? 
   but germany has long accused southern eu countries of ignoring the rules and encouraging asylum-seekers to move on . 
  i doubt that germany , as in `` the german government '' , actually did this beyond a few local politicians from anti-immigration parties . 
  the german government knows full well that we are not encouraging anyone to `` move on '' , and that it would n't be possible to hide it if we did ( tens of thousands of people encouraged to move on , and not spilled the beans ? ), 
  what happens is much simpler : we are being swarmed by many more immigrants than we have infrastructure for . 
  the consequence is that we are housing them in inadequate temporary structures , from which escape is as easy as walking out . 
  we do n't need to `` encourage '' people to do this , they are already informed that they wo n't be able to lodge their claim in germany if they get processed in italy so they escape as soon as they can on their own . 
   the german government is believed to be particularly concerned that the italian authorities are not doing enough to register asylum-seekers who there . 
  sorry , i do n't take the press ' speculation as a policy statement from the german government . 
  i thought that `` cheese eating surrender monkeys '' was a sentence that people invented to satirize the excessive anti-french jokes . 
  til . 
  you actually bring up a very good point . 
  unlike germany , we never had a substantive process of `` defascistification '' : in a race to organize all anti-communist forces ( the italian communist party was very large and influential , and communists had had a prominent role in the resistance ) , `` former '' fascists were largely left untouched so long as they did n't make too much of a fuss . 
  we have had fascist parties in all but name standing for election since 1947 . 
  considering that we had countries in europe who had fascist dictatorships well into the 70s , and extra-european countries who have fascist dictatorships now , i 'm not sure we count as the slow kids on this one . 
   we were the only country ruled by a fascist that did n't have the guts to get rid of him . 
  to be fair , if mussolini had n't entered wwii he would likely have ruled for many more decades . 
  the regime had no serious challengers and internally mussolini was fairly secure in his position . 
  the italian resistance , undubitably brave and important as it was , could only emerge out of the instability and weakness of the fascist regime that resulted from the invasion of italy by the allies . 
  remind me again , when did this situation apply to `` everyone in the south '' ? 
   south america in general , america they kinda have a point with that though . 
  the shit america did in south america makes game of thrones sound like a children 's story . 
   anything that had been ruled by english kings in france was held by them as vassals to the kings of france . 
  the french monarch remained sovereign and an english king , as his vassal , would swear allegiance to him and officially rule as a tenant , in his name . 
  well , actually no . 
  if we are talking about 1415 , the situation is far from as peacefully ordered as you present it . 
  the status of the conflict is that resulting from the truce of leulinghem : the english and the french agree to disagree on the status of duchy of aquitaine , * including * the english king 's homage to the french king as a french duke . 
  if we recognized territorial claims from 1415 , then i guess sizeable portions of france should be given to the english monarch . 
  a more apt question is `` do the present-day inhabitants of ceuta and melilla want to be a part of spain , or of morocco ? '', 
   can you see why a northern european gets a little mad when everyone in the south keeps shouting `` transfer union '' instead of trying to reform their backwards economies ? 
  in 2005 it was germany shouting `` budget flexibility '' because it had to deal with the aftermath of an east german assett bubble and the dot com bubble , instead of reforming its unstable unbalanced economy . 
  maybe we should have gotten `` a little mad '' too and said no back then , although i doubt that the german public would have had the same attitude towards strict respect of fiscal rules as it does today . 
  the actual answer , aside from the uninformed speculation : - first , people in need of immediate medical care are taking to care facilities , either hospitals or infirmaries . 
  - second , everyone is checked for common and evident conditions to ensure that they do n't risk spreading infection to other immigrants , care personell and the general population . 
  - third , they are taking in to a primary care facility . 
  the are given footwear and blankets , plus a decent meal . 
  a lot of people end up sleeping there a few hours due to exhaustion . 
  - fourth , after a variable but short amount of time , they are shipped to immigration centers . 
  due to the massive inflow of immigrants , most centers are actually repurposed old hotels and other buildings which are suitable for hosting people , but lack security features . 
  - at this stage , a lot of immigrants flee . 
  some on their own , some with the help of human traffickers who have their people nearby . 
  they flee before they can be `` processed '' into the system , before their prints and photos can be taken , so that they can go to the countries they truly want to reach . 
  we ca n't stop them , because we do n't have the secure structures that would prevent escape . 
  - those that stay often try to lodge an asylum claim . 
  volunteer lawyers from ngos try to help them with the paperwork , often in impossible conditions . 
  in the middle of all of this , immigrants are provided with a place to sleep , food , water , sanitation facilities , heating , often air conditioning . 
  they sleep in common rooms , with very little in the way of privacy , and mostly have zero options to pass the time but smoke cigarettes and chat . 
  the italian state does what it can but handling 160 000 jobsless people with no documents who do n't speak italian is damn hard . 
   because that 's exactly the gdp that was in question . 
  no , what 's in question , and what krugman disputes , is whether latvia actually implemented austerity . 
   perhaps you can go fuck yourself enjoy being downvoted m8 , but do know that you are bringing it to yourself . 
   i 'm afraid that concessions to greece now will most likely lead to concessions to portugal , italy , spain sooner or later . 
  that kind of paternalistic , condescending language is exactly what anti-eu parties ride on . 
  and it 's not just in unimportant reddit comments , but in the mouths and press releases of eu officials and of certain eu governments . 
  perhaps let yourself be pierced by the astonoshing idea that you linked the wrong graph . 
  the one you showed plots gdp , whose rise or fall is in no way a good measure of austerity . 
  you should have linked something like cyclically-adjusted government spending . 
   no , we 're neutral and independent ( unlike ukraine ) and we can have military exercises with whoever we want . 
  you seem to be suggesting that ukraine is n't independent and thus ca n't have excerises with whoever it wants . 
  do you seriously expect ukraine to have joint military exercises with the country that has invaded it and occupied a sizeable portion of its territory . 
  the only way to destroy anything is to find it first . 
  we ca n't rely on the non-existent libyan government for this , and militias are too well paid off by human traffickers to sell them to us . 
  the ways this seems to me is that renzi is again afflicted by * annuncite * , a pathological tendency to announce imaginative and forceful action which however never materializes . 
  to hunt down libya 's human traffickers we 'd need boots on the ground , and he 's already put that option behind the unlikely condition of an all-libya ceasefire . 
  it makes for a good headline , but it 's a non-story . 
   and lets them wander out of its collection centres no , what happened is that we got many more people than we had places in immigration centers , so we had to use other structures to make do .
