  renzi has given it a coat of varnish here and there and has promoted this as a splendid job , but the cracks are still there . 
  his reforms have been both too superficial and aimed at the wrong targets . 
  still , he 's popular . 
  italians seem to have a bit of a thing for messiah figures : they like the new bold man promising sweeping reform , and the steam from that is still propelling renzi . 
  the question is : when will that steam run out ? 
  how much hot hair can he produce , through his pathological * annuncite * ( a syndrome by which the person feels compelled to announce sweeping reform that they wo n't subsequently produce ; we had to invent the word for him ) , before people realize that they are not better off for his being in power ? 
  source : [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/3217494/6776245/ks-05-14-031-en-n.pdf/18bee6f0-c181-457d-ba82-d77b314456b9 ) [ pdf , 12.9 mb ], 
  we really do n't . 
  italy did n't become a major world economy by mistake , and it was n't based on our impressive natural resources ( which , erm ... ) or our extraordinarily propitious location at the center of world commerce ( which , again ... ) . 
  there are reasons why we leave the house late . 
  part of it is certainly cultural : there is little to no stigma associated with staying at your parents ' until your late 20s . 
  but there is also a difficult job situation , with historically and currently high youth unemployment , very poor starting salaries and very slow salary progression . 
  which is itself compounded by other cultural factors : rooming with other people , except in university , is rather rare , and landlords tend to look for families when renting out multi-bedroom apartments , not really trusting a mix of different ( even working ) roommates . 
  and that cultural factor is reinforced by a lack of very effective unemployment benefits , which for people just getting a foothold in the working world end up being almost non-existent , so that a young working person is a liability because if they lose their job ( which statistically is n't unlikely ) they might easily become unable to pay rent reliably . 
  there 's next to none of that that i would attribute to italians `` sucking '' at something . 
  individually , italians are much like anyone else , and anyone else ( if they were transplanted to italy ) would be much like an italian . 
  but individual italians are living under the gigantic momentum of a system that tends to create and reinforce certain situations , including by culture . 
  notice italy still in recession while every other crisis country is now growing . 
  that 's a symptom of our long-run problems , with gdp per capita having stagnated since the early 2000s ( i.e. 
  all growth is due to more population rather than more national productivity ) . 
  the next big european budget crisis is going to be italy and its inability to pull its shit together . 
  you write `` actually '' as if anything that you said was contradicting me , but you 'll realize that it is n't . 
  italy has unemployment benefits ; not as extensive as many would want , but it has them all the same . 
  to say that it does n't have unemployment benefits of any kind if simply wrong ; that 's the only thing i stated , thrice now . 
  let 's see if this time it gets across . 
  the fact that we are projected to grow as much as enormously smaller and poorer economies speaks volumes about the state of our economy . 
  and personally i even find the forecasts optimistic : before 2008 we had been in stagnation for 8 years , and nothing has happened that would make me hope for even marginal gdp growth even assuming we can leave the recession . 
  if she 's used to nordic-level public services yeah , ca n't really blame her . 
  can confirm actually , before 2008 when spain was right about overtaking italy there was a lot of trash talk about how the spanish economy was built on a housing bubble and would burst before they could catch up to us . 
   yes , but aspi is for those who have been employed regularly good , can you please correct your post so that people wo n't get the mistaken impression that italy simply does n't have unemployment benefits ? 
   but , your jobless do n't look for jobs so much . 
  part of the reason is that italy has [ a higher percentage of people in unregistered employment ] ( http://www.ilsole24ore.com/pdf2010/editrice/ilsole24ore/ilsole24ore/online/_oggetti_correlati/documenti/notizie/2014/04/classifica3.pdf ) [ pdf ] . 
  not that i disagree , but how did you as a visiting swede manage to get an impression of corruption and waste in the italian pa ? 
  i 'm just curious what the visiting foreigner experience with it would be . 
   over here we do n't have unemployment benefits of any kind that 's simply not true . 
  [ here ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/indennit%c3%a0_di_disoccupazione ) you can find a breakdown of our current unemployment benefits ; [ here ] ( http://www.inps.it/portale/default.aspx?itemdir=8292 ) is the official page of our social security institute on the main type of unemployment benefit , aspi . 
  yeah i just noticed , i 'm on mobile so i ca n't easily edit . 
  i mean , it 's great in the same sense that north korea 's antics ( which are on a whole other level of course ) are funny , but the people of ankara ( which is a city that needs a lot of public investment in infrastructure and is n't exactly awash in money ) are probably not that amused . 
  i asked how many , not if , you 've seen , because i 've seen some too , but many fewer than the prevalence of homosexuality among the population would produce if gay people were unafraid of being a couple in public . 
  that 's my point , since the first post . 
  it depends on how it 's structured . 
  extremely lengthy contracts have had certain clauses struck out in the past because they were buried in the middle . 
  that 's why many service contracts nowadays require you to specifically accept certain clauses which are set apart in a much shorter section . 
  tl ; dr definitely did not get superpowers, 
  according to cern 's [ outreach ] ( https://lhc-machine-outreach.web.cern.ch/lhc-machine-outreach/beam.htm ) , a 7 tev beam ( which is the target energy iirc ) has a total energy of 362 mj . 
  a swiss ( chosen for location ) freight train weighs [ 3250 t ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heaviest_trains#switzerland ) , or 3.25 x10 ^ 6 kg . 
  to have a kinetic energy of 362 mj , that train would need to travel at v = sqrt ( 2x362x10 ^ 6 / ( 3.25 x10 ^ 6 ) ) = 18.3 m/s = 65 km/h so if you are using a relatively light freight train , it 's not a super high speed but definitely a pretty fast train . 
   i 've seen gay couples in public before and people did n't seem too bothered about it ... how many gay couples have you seen holding hands or kissing in public ? 
   i completely agree on the `` its ok if i dont see it '' attitude , but that can honestly be a good thing . 
  it 's certainly an improvement from `` they should be considered mentally ill \\ criminal '' , which is prevalent elsewhere , but it 's not a good thing in and of its own . 
  it still betrays a belief that there 's something inherently repulsive about homosexuality , which can and does lead to thinking , for example , that children should n't be exposed to homosexual behavior and that gays ca n't be good parents and should n't be allowed to raise children . 
  the typical mosquito weights 2.5 mg . 
  assuming for simplicity that mosquitos are all carbon , that 's 1.253 x10 ^ 20 atoms of carbon in a mosquito . 
  each atom of carbon-12 , disregarding electrons that make up a small part of its mass , is made up of 12 nucleons , so that 's 3.25 x10 ^ 20 nucleons per mosquito . 
  so the lhc has 7x as much energy as a flying mosquito ... concentrated by a factor of 3.25 x10 ^ 20 , or 325\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 . 
  the lhc is n't a very effective death day . 
  sure it 's energetic , sure it 'd fry you real good ... but it 's several * kilometers * large , extremely heavy , requires an insane amount of power to operate , and most importantly needs to be cooled with the largest cryogenic system in history to even turn on . 
  if ultron had the technology and resources to weaponize the lhc , he could just as well rebuild it from scratch . 
  italy here . 
  gay people ca n't marry , civil unions or equivalent do n't exist , and they normally ca n't adopt although a few ones have managed it through judicial recourse . 
  gay people in media are few and mostly played up for a stereotype ; tv and film depicting gay relationships still stir up controversy , especially with the catholic world . 
  openly gay politicians are very few and confined to left wing parties . 
  there is n't a single openly gay football player and if you think that 's a silly metric , consider how popular the sport is and the impact it has on a young gay teenager . 
  gay business leaders are confined to the fashion industry . 
  socially , homosexuality is very far from being accepted and acceptable . 
  it 's extremely rare to see gay couples displaying affection in public , and in many places it can even be dangerous . 
  violence keeps happening , with far right groups often targeting lgbt organizations and gay-friendly businesses ( a bookshop was recently vandalized for selling a book on gay relationships ) . 
  among younger people there is wider acceptance and yet prejudice still creeps in . 
  most young people wo n't openly discriminate against gays , but a lot still hold prejudices against them , keeping to the philosophy that `` it 's ok as long as i do n't have to see it '' . 
  in short , it 's better than in places where it 's illegal and here you can mostly have legal recourse against homophobic crimes , but it 's still pretty shit all around . 
  you are forced to live within a bubble of safety of places and relations that are accepting of you , outside of which things can easily turn ugly . 
  no , it was one of several buildings given to them precisely for this purpose . 
  the official justification for the raid was that the build was allegedly hosting members of the `` black block '' . 
  in pratice , the police went off on a rumour and took it as a full excuse to go to town on those innocent people . 
  there have been the usual accusations of agents provocateurs , but nothing solid emerged . 
  internal security police routinely infiltrates protest movements in italy , so there were certainly some agents among the protesters , but there 's not proof that they egged anyone on . 
  in any case , this event was unrelated to any ongoing protest . 
  the people were sleeping in the dead of night , and were woken up by the batons beating them . 
  the cops essentially took out their pent up frustration on the first targets they found , to the point where their officers lost control and could only get them to stop by ordering them out of the building . 
  oh , and a little later they stormed the building right in front and requisitioned all camera tapes and hard drives , smashing them with batons . 
  that 's a little known fact that was overshadowed by the greater crime , but it just goes to show the kind of mentality that even the `` good '' cops displayed in the moment . 
  fortunately several videos were saved , documenting the brutality and the set up attempts . 
  if you 've got a strong stomach , you can watch a reconstruction of the events based on the trial reconstruction in the movie diaz - do n't clean up this blood . 
  tl ; dr during the third night of the genova g8 summit , anti-riot police stormed a building housing sleeping protestors . 
  they savagely beat up everyone inside , sending three people into a coma , dozens of others to hospital ; a policeman that arrived immediately after described the scene as `` a mexican slaughterhouse '' due to the amount of blood on the floor , walls , fixtures . 
  afterwards , the police tried to plant evidence to claim the violence was justified , including a knife allegedly used to stab a cop and molotov cocktails . 
  fortunately they were recorded on camera bringing the bottles in , and that story quickly folded . 
  in this case it was much , much worse . 
  they did n't beat up protesters at a protest , they stormed a building at night while protesters were sleeping and savagely beat defenseless people , sending three into a coma . 
  they later planted evidence to try and justify their actions , such as a knife and molotov cocktails . 
   there are many reasons to do these things besides terrorism . 
  yes , this is the first thing i said . 
   i agree the rich should be taxed more , but is n't vat a great way of doing this ? 
  if you have 20 % vat and someone goes to buy a new car for 20,000 they pay 4,000 to the government . 
  a poorer person will only pay 5 euro on their 100 euro shopping for the week . 
  that always seemed like a fair one to me . 
  vat is an example of a [ regressive tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regressive_tax ) because of the low income elasticity of most basic purchases , meaning that as you earn more you do n't consume more in proportion to how much you earn , after a certain point , with the end result being that people on a lower income end up paying a larger proportion of their income in vat with respect to people on a higher income . 
   the reasons lies elsewhere . . and where would you , as a poster in / r/european and / r/gasthekikes , believe that these reasons lie ? 
   if we let them into our countries , educate them in our schools , allow them the same freedoms as everyone else what else can we do ? 
  regardless of origin , we can do so much more against poverty .
