  limited scope , polled resources : external border protection , cross-country information sharing about terror suspects and major crimes ( arms black market etc. ) . 
  not instead of , but in parallel with and working as a trasmission mechanism between various national security services . 
  nobody has to give up sovereignity , we put it under control of a select committee of the ep to ensure democratic oversight and we all sleep more soundly . 
  you ca n't have common borders without common security . 
   it just means the bottle is expensive as fuck . 
  i ca n't see the vintage , but gaetano d'acquino chianti is 10 $ + a pop . 
  tl ; dr : - current french military doctrine favours small operations with a high degree of integration between different combat arms , to squeeze the most use out of limited resources - in particular , it avoids deploying its military in roles it 's not suited to - combat is its place , while `` nation building '' is n't something it wants to partake in - interventions in the central african republic and mali showcased the effectiveness of this approach - tight cooperation with the us enables the french military to extend its reach by leveraging us logistical and surveillance capabilities, 
  [ read more on docg here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denominazione_di_origine_controllata ) . 
  the seal , which is typical of italian alcoholic beverages ( on whose distribution there exists a state monopoly ) , guarantees the bottle 's origin and characteristics ( grapes , vinification , vintage ) . 
  [ you can find a list of italian docg wines here ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/denominazione_di_origine_controllata ) . 
  [ here you can read about the guidelines ] ( http://design.italia.it/ ) . 
  highlights ( courtesy of / u/playrom in / r/italy ) : - open source - on github - based on bootstrap the new guidelines include a digital national id containing an nfc chip that will allow secure log-ins on any pa website using a unified authentication framework . 
  nah , he 's not a mod , he 's just pulling your leg . 
  i 'm a mod , i 've got the green name and all that  ( if you 're unsure who 's a mod in a subreddit , just look at the sidebar they are listed there ) ( also , only admins can shadowban , and they mostly do n't do it anymore ), 
   ypg is a militant force ofc they would accept peshmerga who even talked about the ypg accepting peshmerga , let alone say they would n't ? 
   personally i 'm used to showing i.d when leaving and entering the uk the uk 's a big island ( and several smaller ones ) , mostly reached by airplane ( which requires id simply to verify who 's flying ) and with a single land-based entry point ( the eurotunnel ) which is easy enough to id-check . 
  continental internal borders are enormous , with tens of thousands of crossings , and witness a gigantic amount of traffic . 
  re-establishing border controls would be a disaster for commerce and cross-border work ( which is a reality for millions of europeans ) . 
  i do n't know about the peshmerga , but ypg is happy to take civilians with useful skills more so than combatants ( unless they have military experience ) . 
  doctors , teachers , engineers ( especially civil engineers ) are all needed and relatively more valuable than someone who can shoot straight . 
   the terrorist threat in europe is a relatively new phenomenon spurred by globalisation which parts of europe ? 
  italy had decades of very bloody terrorism and it was definitely not due to globalization . 
  the same goes for the uk and spain . 
  not sure that 's the case to honest . 
  in fact , i think it 's going to have very little impact over her future success . 
  first of all , this was inelegant , but not exactly apocalyptic . 
  she cracked under pressure and made a bit of a fool of herself , but that 's something that most politicians are likely to do at some point , people wo n't care too much . 
  second , the pillars of her strength are that she 's perceived to be though on security and though on national sovereignity . 
  what happened in that interview does n't really diminish either ; it was a little faux pax . 
  to be honest , it 's much more likely that hollande , of all people , will be able to sap her strength by stealing her thunder on those items . 
  with his war drums rhetoric and his new though policy on security as it relates to immigration , he 's leaving her without much in the way of arguments . 
  he wants to bomb isis and get though new rules on border checks : that 's 90 % of what le pen 's voters really want now . 
   basically we sell arms to someone and said someone does n't keep an eye on them or sells them or whatever and isis rebels just end up with them . 
  makes sense , . 
  and that 's a valid excuse for the first couple of times this happens . 
  if it 's been going on for years then it does n't work anymore and you are knowingly choosing not to care where your weapons end up so long as they are used against assad . 
  and if not there , the italian mafias will helpfully buy them up for a good price and distribute them around the world anyway . 
  [ come to daddy !, 
  ] ( http://biografieonline.it/img/bio/b/bernardo_provenzano.jpg ), 
   some of the other attacks explicitly mentioned ( oktoberfest , bologna ) had a neo nazi background . 
  yep , bologna was a neofascist attack . 
  but it did have a connection to communism , in the sense that it was meant to be [ blamed on far-left terrorists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bologna_massacre#disinformation_and_false_leads ) to curtail the influence of communism in italy ( the italian communist party being very large at the time ) . 
  this is n't a crazy conspiracy theory btw , it 's what has emerged during the various trials : multiple fake leads were manufactured to first discredit attribution to neofascist groups , and then to draw a connection with far-left ones . 
   but how can they tell who 's from syria , iraq and afghanistan , and who 's pretending to be from there when majority of migrants do n't have passport or id , and some of them have counterfeit passports . 
  they can simply state `` those who have valid passports of these nations go through , those who have no documents but claim they are from there wait at border until a language expert can test you , the others turn back '' . 
  at this point , with fences or border controls going up all across the balkan route , it 's a predictable chain reaction . 
  balkan countries are too small and poor to take care of this many people , not to mention the fact the migrants themselves do n't want to stay there . 
  in the absence of any credible european solution , and to avoid the risk of people getting stuck on their territory , everyone is going to put up fences . 
  it 's completely inevitable . 
   although van der sypt admitted the belgian authorities knew the brothers were radicalized and capable of joining isil , he said warning french authorities would probably not have made a difference . 
   `` even if we had signaled them to france , i doubt that we could have stopped them , '' he said . 
  it certainly could n't have hurt . 
  i make no claim that if this had happened then the attacks would have been stopped , but clearly it 's not sensible not to share information about radicalized people who may have attempted to reach syria with the rest of europe . 
  we are a union without borders , our security must be without borders too . 
   while more surveillance may not be the best option you only need two pieces of software , freely and openly available via google , to establish impenetrable encrypted communications that mass surveillance will never catch . 
  the only people who lose their privacy with mass surveillance are honest citizens ; the bad guys can hide their activities with extreme ease . 
   if you do racist shit in the stands , you are banned for life . 
  you say racist , antisemitic and homophobic shit , you get the made the president of the italian football federation . 
  the uk and poland partecipated in the invasion . 
  the intelligence disaster regarding saddam 's `` wmds '' , which gave the perfect excuse to leaders already willing and ready to pull the trigger , was started by the italian military secret service . 
  to answer your question :  is it even correct to blame america ? 
  if you want to blame anyone at all , there is really no excuse to blame america alone . 
  in chronological order : - the italian expeditionary corps in china engaged in mass murder , pillaging and summary executions during the boxer rebellion - in north africa , we repressed local resistance to our conquest through summary executions , mass murder as a reprisal tactic , mass deportations , concentration camps - in ethiopia we made extensive use of chemical weapons both against military and civilian targets , with the express purpose of terrorizing the population into submitting - in the more extensive horn of africa territory , we attacked local resistence through mass murder , torture , squadrist raids , mass murder , mass deportations - before and during wwii , a series of racial laws enacted the legal discrimination of jews and several ethnic or religious minorities , which were gradually stripped of their rights , expelled from public life and finally mass murdered as part of the holocaust - during wwii in the balkans and greece , we employed summary executions , pillaging , reprisal mass murder , torture , suppression of local cultures and languages , ethnic cleansing - in greece specifically , mussolini ordered the indiscriminate bombing on any city over 10 000 inhabitants . 
  italian soldiers pillaged the country , raped , destroyed and murdered entire communities as a reprisal tactic - in dalmatia in particular , which irredentists considered as rightfully italian , we engaged in ethnic cleansing and the suppression of local cultures to be replaced with italian, 
   but it is n't clear to me that `` suspected jihadi '' means only such people . 
  that the meaning of `` suspected jihadi '' is n't clear is exactly what i said in my first comment . 
  because `` jihadi '' means `` someone who engages in holy war '' . 
  the actions involved in war , like murder or aiding in murder , are illegal except in very precise circumstances . 
  a `` jihadi suspect '' is someone who is suspected to have murdered or have aided in murder , and thus warrants particular scrutiny . 
  on the other hand , being a communist means subscribing to one of the many strands of a political philosophy that believes capitalism is an inherently oppressive , self-destructive system which needs to be brought down and replaced . 
  it does n't imply doing anything : you can be a communist peace loving hippie all the way to being a communist terrorist . 
  the latter kind is the equivalent of a jihadi and of course an arrested suspected communist terrorist should likely be watched more closely than house arrest . 
  yes . 
  adolf hitler , the man who vowed to destroy bolschevism and proclaimed loud and clear the superiority of the german people and the necessity that they be unified in one german nation , who guides his party in the violent repression of the spd , was more of a socialist than a nationalist . 
  sure . 
  makes complete sense . 
  the fact that the nsdap called itself `` socialist '' was populist pandering to the working class it wanted to recruit in its beginnings . 
  the nazis always fought the various socialist parties in germany , outlawed them when they came into power and heavily repressed socialist organizing at all levels . 
  hitler was a nationalist who was firmly allied with the big german industrialists , he was n't a socialist in any way , shape or form . 
  horseshoe theory is crackpot . 
  what worries me and i 'm still trying to understand is how whatever system the french intelligence has could n't put together the metadata . 
  8 attackers partecipated in a coordinated event that employed thousands and thousands of euros worth of weapons , ammunition , explosive and rentals . 
  how did we not catch 8 + people talking to each other , withdrawing money , converging on paris , communicating with bomb makers in the me ? 
  but dragnet surveillance was sold to us as something which had the ability to collate metadata and flag * exactly * this kind of thing . 
  and yet , nothing . 
   104 suspected jihadists are under house arrest i wonder why that is . 
  surely a ` suspected jihadi ' warrants something a bit more secure than house arrest ? 
  i suspect something might be lost in translation here . 
  [ for those who do n't know who he is ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34826117 ) , he 's believed to be part of the organization of the attack and possibly the 8th gunman . 
  he has been a wanted fugitive since the early hours after the attack , and managed to go through the belgian border minutes before the french arrest warrant was disseminated to belgium . 
  a manhunt for him has been ongoing since . 
  i 'm not sure what happened here either ; i suspect it was an attempt at saying `` the news that the passpart was false is confirmed '' . 
  in any case , i removed the unclarifying clarification . 
   first reaction was a giggle about jambon ( french for ham ) having a hard time in molenbeek . 
  i honestly though this is exactly what the article was about : a local delicacy being pushed out of the market in a predominantly muslim area . 
   just last year italy somehow managed to cut funding on their sea rescue mission . 
  we `` somehow managed '' to cut funding to mare nostrum because we were being left alone to execute and finance the operation , at no small cost . 
  frontex was supposed to step in , but it sucked so terribly that after a few months the entirety of europe agreed to a new european sar mission , which is the current operation triton . 
  in case anyone is confused , it 's being held in the gloved hand of an investigator , that 's the blue thing to the left . 
   many people ask how come 2 passports survived suicide bombings it 's a fair question ; the answer is that explosions do n't create uniform bubbles of destruction but ( when talking about high explosive ) mostly push out very strong pressure waves .
