   undocumented workers `` will face the prospect of a prison term '' we tried that , it worked really really well for us . 
  the best result was that our judicial system got bogged down with tens of thousands of illegal immigration cases which , since they could carry prison sentences , had to be handled with the full procedure of a criminal trial . 
  other interesting innovations included immigrants who were victims of crime or exploitation no longer coming forward because they 'd get arrested ; prisons getting even more overcrowded ; illegal immigration not even hinting at a drop in arrivals . 
  all in all a great precedent , i suggest the uk go full steam ahead and implement it too , it 's brilliant . 
  you got ta understand this in the context of italian politics . 
  this guy belongs to ncd , a minor center-right party that is in the current government coalition and whose leader is the minister for the interior . 
  ncd has been pummelled for months by the rest of the italian right , who are at the opposition , for being traitors and for letting scores of illegals in . 
  right wing mayors have also been making anti-immigration stands for months by refusing to let refugees into their cities . 
  the result is that ncd is scrambling to get back some right-wing cred by playing tough on immigration . 
  this mayor in particular has n't even been asked to actually take in refugees , he 's only looking for some exposure . 
   it seems he is a right wing politician so his position should not be surprising . 
  it 's even more specific than that . 
  his party , ncd , is currently scrambling for political survival : after they broke off from berlusconi 's party they 've been relentlessly attacked by the rest of the italian right , who accuses them of being traitors and of being soft on security and immigration . 
  alfano , the party leader and minister for the interior , is basically jumping on every single high profile case , often in an improper manner , to try to get exposure and rebuild an image of the tough party keeping the illegals out . 
  the final piece of the puzzle is that , beginning a few months ago , mayors of the lega nord and forza italia ( the two major right wing parties ) have started systematically refusing refugees ; it has quickly become the cool position among the italian right . 
  if you are a ncd mayor , the pressure to do the same so as not to be accused of being weak is enormous . 
   you think only a few neonazis scum are getting mad and causing problems for migrants . 
  no , i think it 's neonazis that are torching refugee housing . 
  because they are . 
   other than that , everything is going just great . 
  i ca n't be responsible for what you hallucinate i 've said , consult with a doctor . 
   dumbasses like yourself debating every little point yes , incredibly us dumbasses do n't think that momentous socioeconomic phenomena are simple or that their solutions are . 
  we are indeed that stupid , go figure . 
   they are people ... ... ... ... right ? 
  at least stand up for what you said . 
  you said `` the people are getting angry '' , which has a different meaning from `` people are getting angry '' . 
   `` neo-nazis '' it 's neo-nazis , without the scare quotes . 
  it 's actual , hitler-saluting , slogan-shouting neonazis that are burning down refugee centers . 
   anyone with a brain really . 
  neo-nazis , so smart , great ideology , much result . 
   is it any wonder why they 're flocking to germany when the government is offering such largesse ? 
  ah , the largesse of 8 people living in a house with a kitchen \\ living room , a bedroom and a bathroom . 
  they should give them a studio with a shit bucket in a corner , they can put the kids to sleep over the kitchen hobs i say . 
   the people are getting angry . 
  because neo-nazis = the people , amirite ? 
  this same exact shit was said against the little italys that popped up all over the us with italian immigration . 
  we surely did destroy that country with our backwards values and catholic religion , like xenophobes alleged at the time . 
   german welfare authorities give away newly renovated , 3 room apartments ?? 
  a 3 room apartment has , literally , a kitchen-living area , a bathroom and a bedroom . 
  that seems like an excessive luxury for 8 people to live in ? 
   either europe is concerned for human life and about the horrors of war and then acts like that , or just quit bullshitting and admit that you do n't care and just like to dunk some bread in blood , and enjoy the adrenaline kick of seeing and hearing about catastrophies . 
  it 's impossible to be more shocked that a massive tragedy happened in a peaceful stable country where all conditions are set against it than in a war-torn middle eastern dictatorship without being thrill-seeking hypocrites ? 
  come on now . 
  that 's because you 've never heard of libyan refugees , because there are only about 7000 of them ( [ source ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e485f36.html ) ) . 
  but both algeria and egypt host hundreds of thousands of refugees ( mainly from morocco and sudan , respectively ) . 
   failed immigration policy 's that we already see going wrong in sweden so failed . 
  one of the richest safest most equalitarian countries in the world , we should all fear to become its equal . 
   gcc i knew that i should n't trust the open source movement , damn those bastards !, 
   nobody is talking about appeasing nazi 's more about discussing no , sorry , that is n't what this sentence means :  to me as a leftist who does n't support letting these migrants in because it will lead to exactly this situation it 's the most obvious case of cause and effect ever . 
  you are literally saying that you oppose letting migrants in because it will lead to violent attacks against them by nazis . 
  that is literally appeasement : giving someone what they want so that they wo n't turn to violence . 
   there was n't this many refugees when iraq and afghanistan were being actively bombed to bits , where were the refugees when ethiopia was literally in famine , where were the refugees when rwanda was under genocide . 
  are these rhetorical questions ? 
  these events produced millions of refugees who mainly moved to neighboring countries . 
  this is exactly what is happening now : the vast majority of refugees are going to the closest safe countries , where millions of people are hosted in camps . 
  and another demonstration that mass surveillance is pretty much useless . 
  germany gets the nsa to spy on its citizens only to be unable to pre-empt dozens of nazi attacks ? 
   to me as a leftist who does n't support letting these migrants in because it will lead to exactly this situation it 's the most obvious case of cause and effect ever . 
  since when is it the leftist position to appease nazis by giving in to their demands ? 
  should 1930s germans have been against jews being allowed to open shops because that would incite the nazis ? 
   gross domestic product rose 0.9 percent , compared with an initial estimate on aug. 13 of 0.8 percent , the hellenic statistical authority in athens said friday . 
  that 's up from 0.1 percent in the first quarter and meant output was 1.6 percent higher than a year earlier , the fastest pace of annual growth since 2008 . 
   total consumption expenditure rose 1.1 percent in the second quarter , while exports grew 0.1 percent and imports decreased 4.9 percent , according to the breakdown of gdp components in friday 's release . 
  varoufakis confirmed for most based economics minister in existence . 
  literally two months after taking office consumer spending is up , the trade balance is improved , the economy has improved 1.6 % year-on-year and gdp growth is up nine-hundred percent over the puny 0.1 % that had been hailed as the vindication of austerity . 
  literally the best record since 2008 . 
   greece 's economic weakness could show more in the third-quarter data , which will include the impact of capital controls , introduced at the end of june , sending a greek manufacturing index to a record low in july . 
  that 's also reflected in friday 's report showing investment falling in the second quarter , as gross fixed capital formation plunged 10.6 percent . 
  so you are telling me that the troika sabotaged literally the best record since 2008 by cutting liquidity to the greek financial system and forcing it into capital controls ? 
  i never would have thought . 
   the spanish government creating a property bubble how did the spanish government create the spanish real estate bubble ? 
   the crisis was caused by governments spending more money than they had if reckless public spending caused the crisis , how did spain get caught up in it ? 
  spain had a low debt level at [ 35 % of gdp ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/government-debt-to-gdp ) and it had been decreasing for more than a decade : the government ran 0.5 % to 2 % [ budget surpluses ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/government-budget ) every year since 2000 . 
  the answer is that this crisis had in general very , very little to do with reckless public spending . 
  the global crisis was caused by an egregious lack of government oversight over the american mortgage lending market , which led to extremely risky and unsustainable business practices finally resulting in a massive financial crash . 
  the worldwide economic slowdown triggered or worsened local issues : spain suffered from a bursting real estate bubble , italy combined two decades of incredibly little growth with an extremely discredited government , greece had an inadequate tax system that failed to sustain its spending , which by itself was perfectly in line with the rest of europe . 
   there 's already around 8 years of `` troika '' and bailout history , and the only nation that still did n't fixed its clusterfuck of a nation is greece . 
  everyone else already got on their feet and is recovering quite well . 
  i particularly enjoyed the part of this fantasy where the only country left in economic trouble is greece . 
  it must be nice to live in a headspace where france , italy , spain and portugal no longer have high ( and historically high ) unemployment , large and increasing debt loads , middling economic growth . 
  originally from [ his site ] ( http://www.bernhardlang.de/website/av_adria_all.html ) , re-hosted on imgur for ease of use on reddit . 
  / r/florence is about florence , south carolina , / r/venice is about venice , california . 
  shit happens . 
  our names for those cities are firenze and venezia and the respective subreddits point to the italian cities . 
  it seems like a good compromise , especially since there are many more redditors posting to the us subs than in the italian ones . 
  by the way , according to wikipedia the modern greek name for athens is athina , and / r/athina exists and it 's about the greek city . 
   i just do n't see why foreigners are disrespecting the greek arguments . 
  nobody gives the geographic designation with anything more than [ city ] , [ country ] . 
  nobody says `` roma , lazio , italy '' nor `` london , england , britain '' ; nobody says `` barcelona , cataluna , spain '' or `` munich , bavaria , germany '' . 
  chill out . 
  if we had to get pissed off at every city in the us that calls itself venice , florence and so on we 'd run out of diplomatic letterhead . 
  well that makes sense , because it is blu 's as well :d, 
  a few hundred million tax evasion . 
  this is thread is filled with shitposts but this one takes the cake . 
  it 's literally nothing but a gratuitous jab at feminism . 
  & gt ; fourth generation & gt ; imported pick one . 
   it 's not unusual that people that see their refugee request declined are simply handed a paper stating that they have to leave italy in a few days more than `` not unusual '' , that 's the norm . 
  i do n't wan na know what subreddits you visit if that is `` a bit '' morbid for you :d, 
  to be honest i was thinking more of what the insides must have looked like once they opened the truck . 
  if fluid was leaking then the bodies must have started decomposing , which means that the smell and sight must have been beyond atrocious .
