  it 's unbelievable how much like a caricature you sound :  if a cop smells marijuana , there is a reasonable reason to believe some has been smoked recently . 
  if a cop says you `` look high '' there is wayyyy more leeway and potential for abuse . 
  yes , of course . 
  if an abusive cop lies by saying you look high , you ca n't possibly nail him because there 's basically no way to prove you did n't look high . 
  on the other hand , if a cop says he smelled marijuana , you can totally nail him because we have time-travelling smell sensors that can show he could n't possibly have smelled weed . 
  wait , we actually do n't , a cop that wants to fuck you over can full well claim he smelled weed and toss your car with literally zero repercussions , even in the land of the free . 
   you 're a fucking racist i swear i had never met a real person ( i mean , beside a 4chan troll ) who actuall busts out `` you are a racist '' completely out of the blue . 
  what did i say that is racist , that snoop dogg is likely to be high after a concert ? 
   it does n't matter if he was high . 
  he was n't driving . 
  oh sorry , i keep forgetting that us law applies to the entire world . 
  no , it does matter if he was high , because drug use is actually illegal in sweden , even if you do n't drive . 
  they have a zero tolerance policy . 
  unsurprisingly , they enforce their own laws in their own countries , even on american celebrities . 
   a cop thinking you look high leading to you being pulled out of the car , searched , arrested , and drug tested sounds like something out of nazi germany . 
  `` papers please '' ahahahahahaahah fuck you . 
  your country literally incarcerates the largest number of people of all countries in the world , you wiretap everyone including your own people , you have a massive racism problem and a police force that ca n't go a month without killing an unarmed black man . 
  but sweden ( who has one of the lowest incarceration rates of any developed country and is a model of progressiveness ) is literally nazi germany because they pulled over snoop-fucking-dogg for being high , gave him a drug test and let him go . 
   as an american [ ... ] around here you need a whole lot more proof than a cop 's opinion on your appearance before you can be arrested/searched/charged . 
  you are right , in the superior american system the cop needs to say he smells marijuana . 
  based us of a has clearly superior protections . 
   furthermore , the general dismissal of any sort of racial profiling by swedish cops in this thread is kind of ridiculous ... 
  yes , because the entire world is america and the kind of race relations that you have over there clearly apply 1:1 in any given european country . 
  no , what is ridiculous is the insinuation that since it ca n't be completely excluded that some cops somewhere in sweden are racists , then this stop is suspicious . 
  it is n't . 
  they stopped him because they said he looked high . 
  i repeat , they * alleged * that snoop dogg looked * high * . 
  snoop dogg . 
  high . 
  what 's the relative probability that snoop dogg was actually high compared to the probability that these swedish cops stopped him only because he 's black ? 
   but all it takes is one cop with a chip on his shoulder to ruin someone 's life with a drug conviction except he was treated with respect , was free to tweet and instagram his way to the police station , had to give a urine sample and was thereafter let go . 
  no cuffs , no cops tossing his car , no over-the-top ridiculous shit like we see all the time in the great usa . 
   grenade yes , they are indeed using grenades . 
  now :  to me it sounds more like syria or some other conflict zone . 
  are grenades in syria being used at a rate of about 2 per month ? 
  are they being used to attack the exterior of buildings in what appear to be intimidation attempts against rival gangs ? 
  then no , to me it does n't sound more like syria or some other conflict zone , sorry . 
  to me it sounds like organized crime groups are having a gang war using what weapons they can easily procure , in this most likely a crate or two of ready-made small explosives from some wartime stock that they managed to acquire , with modes and intensities that look nothing like a major armed conflict . 
  the italian mafia uses khalashnikov rifles , if it interests you . 
  same weapons that are being fired all over syria . 
  does italy look like a conflict zone ? 
  neither does malmo . 
   if you hear that there 's been 18 grenade attacks do you think that sounds normal for a city in the western world ? 
  because the western world does n't have high-criminality areas ? 
  have you heard of detroit ? 
  baltimore ? 
  organized crime in my country kills many more people than this gang war in malmo and it 's all homegrown . 
  criminality is a criminality problem , not an immigration problem . 
  violent crime especially has only been going down while immigrant population has only been going up , a clear sign that the two are disconnected if there ever was one . 
   nach frankreich fahr ich nur auf ketten chill out reichtangle , you do n't need tanks anymore you have angela now . 
  my spider-sense is telling me that these anecdotes have been embellished , somewhat , but they are still a pleasure to read . 
  i want an unrealistic varoufakis movie with a [ hot wife ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/danae-820x418.jpg ) , a [ cool bike ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/media/images/y/yanisvaroufakismotorbike2015_large.jpg ) , [ snazzy clothes ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2015/2/2/1422891229726/a10f72d4-c047-4478-bf97-96b6ce3e80ad-1020x612.jpeg ) and a ton of snarky , over-the-top remarks . 
  i even have a cast in mind : - [ bruce willis ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nuum0wv.jpg ) as yanis varoufakis . 
  he has the bald head and asshole smile to rock the role . 
  - [ oliver platt ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nijk4i9.jpg ) as alexis tsipras ; he has the fat face to make him in a mumbling , foolish prime minister that strong-jawed yanis must save from himself . 
  - [ cate blanchett ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jxcbr9l.jpg ) as danae stratou : beautiful , artistic , intelligent , the real center of kind-hearted yanis ' life . 
  - [ bruno ganz ] ( http://tiviseries.mobi/wp-content/uploads/bruno-ganz-photos-1.jpg ) as wolfgang schauble . 
  not only is he a good actor with the right kind of face , he also famously already played hitler . 
   sch\u00e4uble vetoed the edit . 
  varoufakis said , `` i veto that veto . '' aaaaand now i want a sch\u00e4uble-varoufakis sitcom in the style of vicious . 
  no , it is n't lol . 
  literally none says `` i do n't like the french , their farmers are dicks to foreign producers '' . 
  it 's usually because some parisians have been dicks to them or old stereotypes from wartime propaganda . 
  to be fair , practically every country in europe believes that they are the ones doing it the right way and also the ones that do n't get nearly as much help from europe as they 'd deserve . 
   but you do n't have a lot of sheep near paris . 
  it 's also kinda hard to find melons in strasbourg . 
  so they are protesting against competition from products they do n't or ca n't produce ? 
   8 years is plenty for a person or even a political party to change . 
  of course !, 
  has he mentioned changing his mind since ? 
  after all , 8 years is plenty for a person to let it be known that the horribly homophobic piece that they wrote no longer represents his ideas , and that he no longer considers 6 % of the citizens of the country a horrible perversion . 
   what about the stuff you linked is homophobic exacly ? 
  the part where the party secretary is the author of a pamphlet denouncing homosexuality as an abominable perversion . 
  also the part where the sd are for legal discrimination of same-sex couples in family law . 
  also the part where they believe in the conspiracy of the fearsome homosex lobby . 
   and another standing up for fucking theocracy  but the moment you start defending the idea that religiously motivated bigotry is quite alright yes , that is happening . 
  that 's totally , totally happening . 
  the banners at the leftist pride march will read `` we love sharia law ! '', 
  and `` behead the gays !, 
  '' , that is a realistic concern that absolutely justifies supporting the sd in their activities . 
  no , i 'm willing to bet that the leftist gay pride march is not going to be `` standing up for fucking theocracy '' or defending the idea that that religiously motivate bigotry is quite alright . 
  i think they are going to be standing up for fucking minorities and defending the idea that religiously motivated bigotry needs to be fought against . 
   are you implying that the left owns gay rights activities ? 
  yes , that 's why they are suing for copyright infringement . 
  no , wait , that 's not happening . 
  instead , they are staging a counter-demonstration because they think that 's a shitty appropriation of symbol for ends that have nothing to do with the cause that the symbol stands for , * from the cause * that it stands for . 
  not from them , the loony lefties . 
  so the sweden democrats , [ a massively homophobic far-right party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_democrats#family ) , are for the first time flying the rainbow flag and it 's only as part of an anti-muslim media stunt . 
  but leftist organizations are crazy and hypocritical for protesting that , right ? 
  they should totally let homophobic racists appropriate gay rights activities for their shitty goals , eh ? 
  so long as they superficially claim to be pro-gay ? 
  it 's incredible how ready this sub is to swallow far-right propaganda . 
  every single thread about this event has been nothing but a barrage of `` lol stupid lefitists caught you in a contradiction '' thought-free comments . 
  no , swecuck has literally turned into 10th century islamic wars territory , except for universities which are full of genderqueer feminist professors teaching courses on the best kind of chains to use for the cishet slaves . 
  it 's true because / pol / and / r/european told me . 
   so who gives them the money to spend more again ? 
  aside from greece , which has been completely beggared , the rest of the european south still has open and historically low-interest access to the credit markets . 
  aside from that , and this is a crucial point that is oftentimes mixed , economic models of stimulus do n't require a high level of spending ; growth and contraction are related to the * change * in structural spending , not to the nominal level . 
  i 'm not well versed in anglophone animal tropes , but i 'm not sure `` lazy goat '' is much better than `` lazy ass '' . 
  to be fair , he 's accused of having fucked just the one underage girl , and he has had his fair share of part-plastic old hags at his high-class parties .
