  man , do n't we all love it when discussions turn into getting accused of intellectual dishonesty ? 
  by the way , who 's even trying to handwave away `` costs '' ? 
  anything that a state does has a cost , as you so aptly point out . 
  once again , since you 've ignored it the first time : fluchtpunkt 's argument is n't that taking in refugees does n't have a cost , it is that the apparently widespread belief that this is sunk money with no return is wrong . 
   1,196,000 per year at that rate let 's extrapolate yearly data from 1.8 % of the range , that 's rational right ? 
  how much are you willing to bet that the number in greece wo n't even reach 1 million by the end of the year ? 
  i vaguely remember something about an italian company selling trains to holland but i got ta be honest with you , they do n't send us a monthly `` italian business fuckups abroad '' email :(, 
   if they do n't spend that money on refugees , they could 've spent it on something else . 
  yes , but would they have ? 
  i 'll ask again :  are you arguing that if the german government did n't spend 3.3 billion on refugees it would spend them on infrastructure instead ? 
  how do you know ? 
  is there some project that has n't been financed to divert the funds to refugees ? 
  state spending is n't at some fixed level that is unaffected by policy . 
  unless you have reasons to believe that the german government is diverting 3.3 billion in spending from other parts of the budget to the refugees , your argument of opportunity costs simply does n't apply . 
  i 'm scratching my head trying to understand your argument . 
  you say that my ( well , fluchtpunkt 's ) argument amounts to the broken window fallacy . 
  the broken window fallacy is the idea that if i break a window i 've actually stimulated the local economy because the owner will pay someone to repair it ; except that 's not true , because if i had n't broken the window the owner would still have spent the money on something else . 
  that 's fine , but what does that have to do with refugees and infrastructure ? 
  are you arguing that if the german government did n't spend 3.3 billion on refugees it would spend them on infrastructure instead ? 
  how do you know ? 
  is there some project that has n't been financed to divert the funds to refugees ? 
  and more importantly , why would that imperil fluchtpunkt 's argument ? 
  he 's not saying that giving money to refugees has mystical virtues superior to any other kind of investment , he 's saying that contrary to what a lot of people in this thread seem to think that money is n't wasted on the refugees , it 'll have a positive return for the german economy . 
  nope , literally the same thing . 
  / u/fluchtpunkt is describing in everyday language exactly how fiscal multipliers work . 
  brigading asbolutely exists , but outside of very exceptional moments ( usually when a very large sub discovers a small one and nukes it ) , it is confined to a single thread linked from elsewhere . 
  massive , ongoing brigading of the frontpage of / r/europe is n't realistic without a large conspiracy of which there is no evidence . 
  i join your challenge to actually produce a frontpage dominated by european bird popuations , and if / u/countvontroll needs help i can lend him a hand . 
  i doubt we have the money to rent them . 
   we should no more `` share the load '' but that 's my fetish :(, 
  the `` stupid argument '' is a concept called [ fiscal multiplier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiscal_multiplier ) and it 's hardly new or controversial in economics . 
  but the people who are getting buried are n't talking about burden sharing , they are approving of germany spending its money on its refugees that it accepts within its borders . 
  itt : germans expressing agreement with their government 's choice getting downvoted to oblivion . 
  but i thought the anti-immigration people were for european self-determination ? 
  or are germans only allowed to self-determinate when they do n't spend their money on refugees ? 
   european muslims  dutch syrians the second group is not a representative sample of the first one . 
  i 'd also like to know * why * they live on welfare : which percentage of dutch syrians is legally allowed to work in the country ? 
   difference is that the turkish and italian were ` workers ' with no need to turn to crime . 
  are you aware that we literally exported the mafia everywhere we went ? 
  of course we were workers . 
  the majority of immigrants are : people who go look for a decent job and a better life because there 's no hope of either at home . 
  but if you believed certain sectors of public opinion back in the day , we were sleazy profiteers with no work ethic , a backwards culture , no education , no respect for local customs , no desire to integrate ( we even lived in our own neighborhoods with our own shops ! ), 
  and criminal and violent disposition . 
  in hindsight , of course , most people today easily admit that those were prejudices and that while certainly criminality came with italian immigration , it was due far more to poverty and they way people tend to pray on it and exploit it , than to any inherent cultural or racial traits . 
  and yet , even many italians today think that * this time * the situation is different . 
  this time is the southern italians who are - wait , that was 50 years ago , now they are cool . 
  this time the romanians are sleazy profiteers with no work eth - wait , that was the previous migration wave , now they are hard workers breaking their backs in construction or providing care for our elderly . 
  no , this time it 's the africans and the middle easterners who are irredeemably culturally different , with no work ethic ( except those breaking their backs in our fields picking our fr - no work ethic ) and a violent and criminal disposition . 
   you ca n't just drive there . 
  you have to pay ( to buy a ferry ticket $ 22 is n't going to stop anyone determined enough to attack immigrants to go to another part of europe to do it , come on . 
  i do n't actually , i think that 's a perfectly sensible thing . 
  but the way we do it is silly , reducing the history of italy to roman empire - cut - renaissance - cut - risorgimento - cut - 20th century . 
  it 's a romanticized , artificial version of our history that attempts to teach a myth of how italy came to be while ignoring a lot of important moments that shaped us just as much as the others , but for historical and political reasons are n't considered as glamorous . 
   but the fact is that because it 's an island ; it 's harder to get to for the neo-nazi 's that are n't on that island well , no . 
  you can take a plane from anywhere in europe ( and from most other places ) to sicily , you can drive down there and board a ferry with your car , you can take a train ( that will use a ferry for the straits ) . 
  it 's not at all hard to get to sicily , you do n't need to be determined . 
   i was under the impression that allowing migrants onto islands is safer for both them and us . 
  ok , but why ? 
  further down you say :  or would you prefer to bring them to the mainland , making escape easier ( if they are illegal ) and this i understand , but  increasing the risk of getting firebombed by neo-nazi 's or the migrants becoming antagonised and violent towards the local population etc. 
  this i do n't . 
  sicily is n't very different from mainland italy beyond the regional specificities that go with any other italian region . 
  it 's not like it 's less populated or less likely to have neonazis simply because it 's an island . 
  it 's a * big * island ( largest in the med ) , it looks and functions like the mainland beside transport to the rest of italy . 
   and sending them to processing centers ( on islands in the med ? 
  are you under the impression that these island possess large uninhabited spaces suitable for sustaining several hundreds of thousands of extra non-working people ? 
  lampedusa is tiny and already overcrowded , sicily is the fourth most populated region in italy . 
   it became patently clear that germany is using this crisis as an opportunity to shed part of the reputation that syriza tried to pin on it during their bailout request . 
   the propaganda effort vilifying anything german , complete with a multitude of veiled and not so veiled nazi insinuations , was simply relentless . 
  this is brilliant stuff and i ca n't but applaud the inventiveness . 
  you should write a book about this dystopian alternate reality where little bankrupt greece is so influential a force that germany makes major policy decisions based on the image that greece managed to project of it . 
   start treating the decease i 'm afraid that 's too late to start treament :(, 
  our history curriculum goes a bit like this : - in the beginning , there were many cultures in mesopotamia . 
  yes they were important , but let 's get on to the really important ones . 
  - oh yes , there were the egyptians too . 
  since they were cool , we 'll talk about them a bit . 
  - ah , here 's the greeks . 
  the greeks were cool , but we ca n't spend too much time on them because we need to talk about ... - the roman empire . 
  roman empire best empire . 
  you 'll learn the names of the kings of rome , the full story of the roman republic , and everything that happened in the empire emperor by emperor . 
  because it was the bestest thing . 
  - and then there were some barbarians , including some here . 
  but not really important . 
  oh and the muslims made an empire , yeah . 
  let 's get on to : - the renaissance . 
  yes , the period when ~ ~ italy ~ ~ some cities that just all happened to be around here taught the world what civilization was , again . 
  arts , philosphy , science , it 's all us bitches !, 
  - and then the evil rest of europe invaded us and we got another 300 years of death and barbarism , punctuated by - colonialism . 
  we taught the world that america exists and then they stole all of our commerce . 
  also - the french revolution and napoleon . 
  this is marginally important for rest of europe but it 's really important because it re-unified italy and created the basis for - risorgimento !, 
  great italian patriots best patriot unified italy and kicked away evil foreign invaders , especially the austro-hungarians evil empire of evil . 
  but then - wwi !, 
  initially we sided with austria and germany but then evil austria betrayed our agreements so we went with the others . 
  brave italian soldiers led by stupid generals to slaughter but we won and we got back our last lands from evil invader . 
  - but evil rest of the world did n't honor their war promises so a lot of people were angry , and that 's how we got fascists . 
  they took power because the king was a weakling , they oppressed people but they also drained the swamps and created the pension system . 
  and then - wwii . 
  in wwii the germans were very evil , we were evil but it was n't really us , it was the bad fascists that made us do it , i promise . 
  finally we were liberated by our brave partisans with some help from the allies . 
  `` real '' history ends here , the rest is politics .
