  in that case , we would be voting for the chamber with the new electoral law , which would give the winning coalition a solid majority , and for the senate with the old one minus the struck down parts , which would most likely re-produce the current chaotic arrangement . 
  essentially , unless renzi manages to the deliver on the difficult task of passing senate reform , we will be electing our next parliament with the almost the same law with which the current parliament was elected . 
  the business culture among the big shots ( and even the bigger medium shots ) has been strongly influenced by american business culture , and it 's almost de-coupled from that of run-of-the-mill smes ( which are most of the companies and employ most of the workers ) . 
  so you might very well find a european ceo that brags about how many times he 's failed , but i doubt he 'd do that in public . 
  it 's a manifestation of the culturally higher risk-aversion in europe . 
  people here tend to see taking high risks for the possibility of a large reward , and failing ( as is often the case ) , as a form of carelessness ; clearly a person that would start a `` doomed to fail '' startup ca n't be trusted with running a business . 
  there is also another cultural factor , which is the stronger identification of the enterpreneur with his business . 
  businesses are n't seen as legal and organizational instruments to pursue a certain economic goal ( and thus , being instruments , a neutral tool , which may need many tries to find its working form ) , but as extensions of a person 's own ability and judgement into the business world . 
  if you try a business idea , and fail ( as if extremely often the case of tech startups ) , then that 's taken to mean that you as a person just are n't good enough to do business . 
  you 've taken what i said out of context . 
  the point was n't evaluating whether the polling was correct for the current british election ( because it clearly was n't ) , the point was evaluating whether the fact tht the polling was incorrect for the british elections means that it might be just as incorrect for a brexit vote and thus a yes to brexit vote is unexpectedly likely . 
  the answer to that is that most probably it is n't . 
   they were wrong , because there are a lot of closet tories . 
  can you provide actual evidence that this is the case ? 
  the polls for the popular vote were off by a margin of error ; the seats forecasts were more significantly off because under fptp even a margin of error is enough to swing a seat . 
   now considering the eu-referendum i could easily imagine something similar . 
  could you ? 
  because if your theory were true , then then tories would have had about an additional 10 % ( not percentage points ) of `` closet tories '' only showing up on election day . 
  to close the gap with the yes-europe vote , the no-europe vote would need an extra ** 30 % ** of `` closet euroskeptics '' , which is much much more . 
   given the recent events in britain i do n't trust polls anymore . 
  the polls were wrong on the seats distribution because fptps is extremely sensible to small and local variations in vote distribution , making appropriate sampling very difficult . 
  in terms of percentage of the popular vote , the polls were off by 2-3 % for the large parties and nearly spot-on for the small ones . 
  because a brexit referendum would be a single national count and because the yes-no spread is much larger than the margin of error , there is little doubt that the polls are correct in predicting the expected results of a brexit referendum that were done now . 
   `` i forgot to fill in the form correctly/one time ( typical italy ) '' nah , it 's just our government delaying the implementation of european law because it does n't want to deal with the political opposition or potential fallout . 
  given how hard it is to pass legislation in the italian parliament , it 's very easy and very tempting to just let things stew in some sub-committee and push them on to the next guy . 
  i think you meant gloriosa italia nvmervs vnvs, 
  any one of these [ small colorful coastal villages ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sxse9oc.jpg ) is stunning , even without significant public architecture . 
  that one is rapallo , in liguria , near genoa . 
   and kauderwelsch more commonly known as danish i believe . 
   i reckon that european intelligence agencies actually have a much better idea of what 's going on in libya than the central government does . 
   it really is n't that hard to track them down . 
  if this were correct , we would already know which boats are going to leave from which port on which date . 
  on the contrary , we have no idea about it and are constantly having to respond to boat emergencies as they are discovered by our maritime surveillance or as they send out emergency signals . 
   there 's quite likely already a whole variety of informants for european countries on the ground yes , the ones we recruited to aid us in the bombing campaign against geddafi . 
  but it 's not particularly hard to relay the movements of obviously military forces ; discovering which dingy among dozens has been purchased by people smugglers is an entirely different issue , because unlike said military forces it wo n't bear any special equipment or insignia identifying its purpose and owners . 
  the names with an eastern origin , like dario and alessandro , are probably the best ones ; they sound good , no double-entendres , commonly known and easy to remeber . 
  the most cringe-worthy ones belong to two categories : - religious devotion : crocifissa ( crucified ) , addolorata ( in pain , as in `` sharing the the pain of christ '' ) , assunta ( ascended , not as in pcmr but as in `` ascended to heaven '' ) . 
  these have fast faded from use and now are mostly found among old ladies and unlucky middle aged ones . 
  - english names spelled phonetically in italian because of ignorance : maicol ( michael ) , gionatan ( jonathan ) , scirli ( shirley ) . 
  these are in aggravantingly continued usage , although not common . 
   good . 
  not really though :  libya 's ambassador to the un , ibrahim dabbashi , told the associated press that he had not been consulted on the plans and opposed them . 
  this is definitely not good . 
  people smugglers use the same houses , ports , depots and boats as local fishermen ; identifying which is which is going to require local intelligence . 
  drawing up attack plans without consulting the lybians and against their wishes means that the we do n't have access to that local intelligence , so how are we going to figure out what to attack ? 
   nah they walk around with giant boats next to them that say ` people smuggler ' . 
  except they actually do n't . 
  people smugglers use regular old fishing boats that have nothing extraordinary about them ; they are certainly not ` giant ' and they definitely do n't say ` people smuggler ' when they are in port among dozens of other similar boats . 
  the question of how our attack plans are going to identify smugglers ' boats is highly non-trivial . 
  the plans , the article says , are being drawn up without consulting the lybian government and against their wishes , so it 's unlikely that we will be able to rely on local intelligence . 
   with italian spies ? 
  considering the history of the italian secret service , we could easily and professionally take over tasks such as [ document forgeries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/niger_uranium_forgeries ) and [ warrantless domestic surveillance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sismi-telecom_scandal ) . 
  the eu is definitely inside its own borders , it 's the rest of the world that 's only * technically * inside them . 
  well the earth is a closed surface so technically everywhere is inside the eu 's outer borders . 
  always read the fine print : the graph is for * single parents with 2 children * . 
  it 's already a pretty rare case , and does n't even seem to account for social benefits that are available in most of those countries to single parents , especially with multiple kids . 
  in short , this graph as it is does not represent how hard it is to move out of poverty . 
  there are better indicators like social mobility indexes that deal with the whole gamut of cases rather than a special and especially rare one . 
   compared to the pure proportionally elected parliaments , which have a tendency to get cluttered with minor parties and become dysfunctional in the process ( i 'm looking at you , italy ) italy has n't elected a parliament with a purely proportional system for more than two decades ; in the last three legislatures , minor parties have counted for something in one , and that legislature was elected with a majority rule system which automatically assigned 55 % of the seats to the winning coalition . 
   at queensday in 2009 there was an attack on the royal family by a guy in a suzuki swift i love that you remember the exact car model the dude drove . 
   ministry of general affairs what does the ministry of general affairs do , specifically ? 
   he named the settlement tbilisi , `` tbili '' means warm in georgian . 
  after that story i hoped it would mean something like `` boiled hawk '' . 
  bologna is hella cool . 
  it started off as a run-of-the-mill roman city , but as soon as it got some independence it came up with some unique stuff : - the infighting noble families started building towers both for prestige and for defense and basically turned bologna into [ real-life sharn , the city of towers ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fdzhpjg.jpg ) ( that 's bologna back in the day , not sharn ) . 
  - starting in the late 10th century , scholars of roman law set up in the city and attracted students from all around europe . 
  given the limited rights of foreigners back then , the students organized into [ * nationes * ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/archiginnasio-stemmi2.jpg ) , mutual-aid societies ; in 1088 the * nationes * and the teachers came together into a * universitas * , which meant a legal association of people , in this case students and teachers . 
  that was the founding of the first university , the [ university of bologna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_bologna ) . 
  - the influx of students was soon gigantic and led to a housing crisis . 
  to create more space , landlords expanded their buildings over porticos , leading to the city being [ almost entirely spanned ] ( http://i.imgur.com/22zcgce.jpg ) by them . 
  we find it weird that other places do n't have roofs over their sidewalks , i mean what are you guys savages ? 
  - during the 13th century , what we might call a liberal faction took over the city government , and decided that slavery and indentured servitude were not cool . 
  [ so in 1256 they freed all slaves and serfs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liber_paradisus ) in the city and the territories it controlled and abolished both institutions , being the first city in the world to do so . 
  the next year they commissioned a book with all the names of the freedmen , which took the name * liber paradisus * , the book of heaven . 
  - a fair bit later , after silk was imported to europe , inventors in the city adapted silk looms to use hydro power provided by the many city canals ; a massive [ mechanized silk industry ] ( http://www.cis.unibo.it/bslc/tesori/canali/images/8.jpg ) was spawned , which represented the biggest part of the local economy for centuries . 
  local historians maintain that the secret designs of the mechanized silk looms were stolen by [ john lombe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_lombe ) to build his famous silk mill , and that 's why he was poisoned by an italian assassin . 
  - after the silk gig was up , hemp became another major industrial product , enshrined in [ local city decoration ] ( http://i.imgur.com/91fvqjs.jpg ) to the bewilderment of tourists who wonder if we are all massive stoners ( we have 88 000 university students so you can guess the answer to that ) . 
   til italy exploited migrants , stole everything from them and brought it back to italy ( this is why italy has nice things , not because they built/invented/designed / maintained them ) , got defeated by migrants in their backgarden , intervened militarily to bring democracy did you really learn that today ? 
  because we did invade and colonize lybia , oppressing it with brutality that shocked even the rest of colonial europe at the time , then we got defeated militarily , lost lybia , supported and allied with their dictator , then bombed him together with other countries to bring democracy and now we are decrying that they do n't have a government that can stop immigrants . 
  that 's literally what happened . 
  in no sense is a country like an extension of a household or a family . 
  do you buy most of your goods and services from other members of your household ? 
  til that there are 100 x 300\u00a0000\u00a0000 = 30 billion immigrants coming to europe . 
   3,400 illegals in a 2-3 month period , now it is 24 hours . 
  this is a misleading comparison . 
  these last 24 hours have been exceptional : you are comparing a local peak in arrivals with the average of several years ago . 
  [ the arrivals in the first 2 months of 2015 ] ( http://www.affaritaliani.it/cronache/immigrazione-dati-choc040315.html ) were 7882 , or 131 per day . 
  protip : if you want to astroturf from / r/european , do n't post there discussing ways to `` spread our ideas '' , that kinda spoils the gig . 
   heh , so i guess the nap does n't apply to your special kind of anarchists . 
  on the contrary , the `` non-aggression principle '' only applies to * your * special kind of `` anarchists '' , the american libertarians . 
  anarchism had a long history of both action and philosophy before ayn rand coined her `` non-aggression principle '' . 
  i 100 % expected you to move the signposts this way ; the example was about it being a defense , not about it being news . 
  an industry is something that operates continously , so clearly news services about it reflect extraordinary events ; a large protests is a one-day event , so you 'd expect news to cover all significant aspects of it . 
   try turning the tables around : company a company a has employees , which answer to their managers , which answer to their managers , which answer to their directors , which answer to the ceo , which answers to the board . 
  there 's a power < -  responsibility structure in place , including certain legal obligations . 
  what does that have to do with a heterogeneous protest movement ? 
  especially since the violent group was even separate from the main one ? 
  a more apt example would be : there are 68 companies in an industry . 
  1 drills into the water table and dumps toxic chemicals into it , while the other 67 do n't . 
  is it a defense to say that they had no knowledge and no control over what the one company did ?
