  the asylum application process is long and thourough , they do n't just hand it all out like candy . 
  do you have any evidence to support that the process is unreliable ? 
  please review rules [ 1.1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) and 2.5, 
  so it 's literally tabloid bullshit ? 
  good to know , thanks for the info . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this was removed as it was very recently reposted and it had received a good amount of attention . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  in my experience , it is universally the case that even people who are distrustful of muslims will speak positively of those they personally know : their colleague , their grocer , the * pachistano * around the corner ... the fear is of the mental image of the amorphous mass of foreign people with foreign customs , but once they materialize and incarnate it 's hard to deny that the vast vast vast majority of muslims are regular people trying to get by like the rest of us . 
  please review rule [ 1.1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ), 
   bible , in contray to koran , is open for interpretations . 
  the quran is evidently open to interpretation as well : there are a myriad denominations of islam , plenty of different theological currents and contrasting interpretations of scripture , a wealth of scholarship about the `` true '' meaning of the quran and how it should be applied . 
  saying that the quran is n't open to interpretation is simply false , on the face of an undeniable mountain of evidence . 
   of course carholicism isnt christianity , but you have to excuse me , i am a pole and i am speaking from catholic perspective . 
  good for you , but if you are making a great big argument about christianity and the values imbued in it you ca n't magically decide to disregard those christians whose values you do n't like . 
   and it suceed ? 
  did n't it ? 
  are you literally admitting that the foundation of modern europe and even modern european christianity are enlightenment anti-christian thought that was coopted with difficulty into modern christian doctrine ? 
   it is a german government official estimate from a secret document that was recently leaked by the german press , and discussed widely in the world press . 
  can i have a link , please ? 
   yeah they want to spread christianity by a sword which is against what caholics believe right now ? 
  catholics are not the only christians my friend , despite the prevalence of that confession in our countries . 
   but i think you finally got it since you need to compare medival christians to nowadays muslims . 
  2015 is n't the middle ages at all . 
  it 's today , in a different part of the world , which has access to the internet and the best in western christian scholarship . 
   new testament ? 
  the old testament does n't magically stop mattering and plenty of christians use it to support hatred and even violence . 
   equality between man and woman in marriage is against our doctrine ? 
  of course , have you never heard of the idea of submission of the wife to the husband ? 
   i do have , get your girlfriend tell her to wear high heels and mini skirt , bring her to any european country . 
  than take her and leave her in saudi arabia , iran or syria and see what happens . 
  same foundations will happen . 
  according to our xenophobes , she 's get raped ropped and beaten in eastern europe just as well . 
   no they were n't . 
  yes , they very much were . 
  the catholic church itself had to call a vatican council to get itself up to speed with the modern world because the rug had been pulled from under its feet . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission was removed as low quality or effort content . 
  once again , please illustrate in your post why you think this is relevant european content . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
   let us try again from the actual number for 2015 now estimated at 1.5 million what is the source of this estimate ? 
   remember that terrorism is against christian doctrine and church . 
  those are terrorist who happen to be christian . 
  nope , those militias exist because they want to spread christianity by the sword , it 's not incidental , it 's central to their existence . 
   bible says to love your enemy , koran allows to eliminate them . 
  the bible contains an enormous amount of passages recommending the extermination of pagans , and the quran has plenty of passages recommending tolerance and pity . 
  people pick and choose out of their religious texts whatever they prefer . 
   how long did enlightenement last and how long did christianity last in europe ? 
  the engligthenment lasted as long as the age of tolerance , rationality , freedom and liberty lasted , until the present day . 
   again as i said before you might be arheist but you live along principals that orgin from christianity . 
  you can keep saying that but you have no argument to actually support it . 
  i 'm for gay rights , which are opposed by nearly all christians today ; i 'm also for equality between man and woman in marriage , which was opposed by nearly all christians until a short while ago . 
  i do n't live my life according to christian principles , christians have modernized and abandoned their christian principles to take in secular values . 
   it is like with house , there is a foundtion of house and the rest of the house . 
  even if foundations are not visible anymore the house is shaped according to the foundations . 
  except the rotten and precarious foundations were dug up a long while ago and their content of obscurantism and oppression was replaced with tolerance and freedom . 
  christianity today is not the foundation of the house , it is the memento over the mantlepiece in the living room , with most christians barely even going to church anymore . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission was removed as low quality or effort content . 
  please provide some illustration of why you think this is interesting or relevant european content ( i suggest a self-post ) . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
   when did migration crisis start for you ? 
  mid-2012 , when the libyan civil war managed to disgregate state institutions enough for smuggler groups to establish an industrial scale migration corridor . 
   how long have you been ignored about the problem ? 
  since day one . 
  the rhetoric from years back was always the same : the dublin regulation obliges entry countries to register asylum seekers there , end of story . 
  italy has to handle its own migrants , it 's their duty as a border country . 
  france was angry because of the migrants who tried to get in at ventimiglia , germany was angry because of the migrants that managed to board a train and get there . 
  nobody wanted to talk of redistribution or even a european mission in the mediterranean . 
  when we launched mare nostrum to stop people drowining , no one helped . 
  when we suspended it because we could n't afford it on our own , no one batted an eye . 
  only when 800 people subsequently drowned ( in an incident which , with grim irony , mare nostrum would not have prevented ) did europe wake up and send help , but they still insisted that all rescued people were for italy to handle . 
  finally , after migrants started pressing at calais and arriving in great numbers in germany , this became a european problem . 
  in the span of a month , meetings about refugee quotas and using diplomacy to stop the influx started all over the place . 
  the fact that this only happened because it now involves the important countries was not missed by anyone here . 
   what is situation on streets in italy ? 
  there are visibly more migrants around the migration centers , not incredibly , but on the streets it 's just as it has been these last few years . 
  small-time criminality is n't much of a thing with recent migrants because , if you think about it , being a habitual criminal requires some kind of network behind you : you need someone to fence the loot , for example , if you want to be a burglar . 
  this type of thing is still in the hands of italians and , in some places , of longer-established ee immigrants . 
   how is your society reacting to recent developments ? 
  not a lot actually , which is unsurprising . 
  italy has had more than two decades of immigration from desperate people wanting to come here or to europe , which is entirely due to our geographic position . 
  italians have consistently displayed a mix of sentiments : a strong desire to help the beleaguered ( italians were extremely in favour of resuming rescue operations in the med ) , a lot of anger because the rest of europe ignored us , and some xenophobia about people with different looks , tongues , religions and customs . 
   did migrant influx switch from libya -  italy to turkey -  balkans , or do you still have that influx of migrants ? 
  it 's unchanged for us . 
  greece saw a big spike , but that did n't dry up the flux through libya . 
   i kind of feel bad right now that we did n't take action when italy complained few years ago about migrants we did n't just complain , we proposed plan after plan and time and again they were shut down because it was easier to just tell us it was our problem and to deal with it . 
   because no matter where they are from , post commie countries , africa , syrian warzone they are christians with christian moral code . 
  is it a `` moral christian code '' to [ mass-murder infidels and burn their villages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_terrorism#contemporary ) ? 
  because this is what christian militias are doing today , in 2015 , in some parts of the world .
