   expect bank runs in other struggling euro nations expect a crapton of people to run their mouths with literally zero idea what the situation is in other struggling euro nations . 
  italy is a long-ass way away from a bank run , thank you very much . 
   parts of syriza for samaras those parts of syriza would be asking to get lynched . 
  the shipping costs for 15k worth of pasta per immigrant would be even more prohibitive than the fine itself . 
  yes , i would say that we definitely do not live in a left-wing country . 
  this country has been governed with no interruption by the centrist right for 50 years , then had a succession of governments that never saw a stable left-wing majority , not ever center-left . 
  it takes a considerable dose of fantasy to imagine that italy is a leftist country . 
   london can be just as expensive as that . 
  $ 2550 = # 1625 , which for a one bedroom in central london is more than possible . 
   i live in central london and pay gbp 1450 a month on rent . 
  gbp 1400 central london checking in , though water and heating are included . 
  pros : amazing , super-convenient location , walk to work and easy to get the tube to anywhere . 
  cons : apartment is tiny , resident 's association is a big bag of dicks . 
   near tate modern ... ah , i gave up on an apartment around there because of the lack of transport options , how do you find it ? 
   net take-home pay : 9020 euros ( bba , private sector in germany , 55 + h week , 50 % travel ) so , which consultancy firm do you work for ? 
   obviously . 
  tight but credible time commitments would have been obvious . 
  less than a week is farcical and in evident bad faith . 
   while they have been wasting time for weeks without offering anything substantial at all it 's incredible how the side which has made all attempts at a deal is blamed for wasting time , while the side that has resolutely refused to move from their position is given a pass . 
  look at the changes in legislative commitment dates . 
  the creditors are giving the greek government less than a week not only to accept their demands , but to write and pass the major pieces of legislation required to implement them . 
  at this point , it 's clear that while the greek government is making a genuine attempt at a deal , the creditors are interested only in complete capitulation . 
  this is n't a union of equals , it 's a street gang where the strongest members bully the weakest . 
  the ttip is not a medical diagnosis of an individual patient , it 's a political choice that will impact the lives of hundreds of millions of people . 
  democracy has never meant that everything should be decided by the people , it has always been about things that concern the public interest . 
   and why doctors should stick to doctoring right , right . 
  why should people democratically voice their opinion about matters that concern them personally ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  everyone should `` stick to their own '' and let savannajeff tell them what they should think about ttip , because he 's totally objective about it and not embittered as fuck by more than a year of crusading for it on / r/europe and failing . 
   everybody always talks shit about ttip without ever mentioning all the advantages of a trade agreement with the worlds biggest economy writes the guy that does not mention any of the alleged advantages of a trade agreement with the world 's * second * biggest economy . 
  so have carbonara for breakfast !, 
   try to pronounce leicester . 
  does n't help that a lot out touristy things in london are in or around leicester square . 
  does help that the tube voice pronounces it clearly and repeatedly . 
  no , we do n't have a great tradition of stabbling , but we might give you concrete shoes . 
  just skidding , you 'd just get blank stares . 
  nobody knows what hawaiian pizza is , you 'd have to explain it to the waiter and even then i 'm not sure they 'd have all the ingredients . 
  i tell you dude , it 's weird . 
  i 'm here working on tackeling corruption and criminal organizations when i start to ear this buzzing in my head , some sort of low humming noise that i just ca n't ignore . 
  that 's when i put down my folder filled with mafia boss profiles and suspicious public contracts , get out of my suit , put on my white robes , heavy golden cross and prayer beads and start walking towards rome . 
  with me , on the road , millions of other italians similarly dressed march together , a chant slowly growing out of our mouths , as if a million-fingered organ player were forcing the air out of our windpipes . 
  it 's really , really weird . 
  did n't you know ? 
  there are only a few hundred thousands of us and we were all at that rally , so the country literally stopped for a few hours . 
   highly religious and conservative countries like italy , poland , turkey etc. 
  to just throw away their tradition and values like trash and become modern and progressive within a few years . 
  yeah but if you take a cherry-picked set of countries you can prove anything . 
  `` you should totally expect highly religious and conservative countries like spain , ireland and portugal to throw away their tradition and values like trash and become mordern and progressive within a few years '' . 
   do you guys think that the church is behind the `` gender theory '' conspiracy ? 
  ... yes , yes of course it is . 
  we 've had bishops and cardinals talking about this bullshit , caffarra gave an interview yesterday precisely about this . 
  it 's absolutely and thing that 's been created by and promoted through the church and all the attendant organizations . 
   we are already at 2.6.1 no , no we are n't . 
  your link says :  nuove previsioni : quest ` anno il deficit al 2,6 % del pil which translates to :  new forecasts : this year 's deficit at 2.6 % of gdp it 's a forecast . 
  we are not already at 2.6 % . 
   and with pil increasing even further next year , it 's not that crazy to think fine by me , are you willing to bet $ 50 to a charity of my choice on it ? 
   except it was already notoriously difficult to do business in italy and the government has done what , exactly , the address that issue ? 
  nothing . 
  it has n't reduced the amount of bureaucracy required to start or operate a business ; it has n't reduced the amount of licenses , certifications , quintuple forms , triple stamped documents made mandatory by law ; it has n't reformed the bureaucracy to make all of those processes go smoothly instead of being terribly slow . 
  nothing of the sort . 
  instead , it has eliminated residual employment protections and now there is n't type of contract left in which the worker ca n't be fired at will . 
  but , and here 's the real kicker , it has n't eliminated litigation from firing either . 
  now , when you are fired your employer * may * propose a severance of 1 month per year of employment , which you * may * accept ; otherwise you can take him to court , where you could get up to double that amount . 
   also , it means that if you want to leave a company which is going south at age 40 , you can have hopes of being rehired . 
  which is a fantastic fantasy and i hope you are enjoying it , but it 's absolutely not what 's actually happening in italy . 
  if you really believe that , i 'm ready to put 50 $ towards a charity of your choice . 
  are you willing to actually bet a small sum that the deficit will go below 2 % next year ? 
   i 'm not speaking out my ass here ; for spontaneous writing , everything after page seven or so starts to degrade . 
  what is this assessment spoken out of if not your ass ? 
  you might want to check out / r/iamverysmart , you 'd fit right in . 
  in italy , these sorts of issues are the kind of topics you can choose for your italian written exam . 
  you are given a choice of topics and several extracts from books or papers or articles that are relevant to each topic , and you have to develop your own discussion possibly but not exclusively using the material provided . 
  i think it 's 4 hours as well , though it 's been a while ago for me so maybe it 's 5 or something in that ballpark . 
   perhaps you should n't have spent the last three decades not caring about your body weight , and electing coaches that made you put on 5-7 % weight every year . 
  for a user who waves his academic credentials left and right you sure managed to write one of the most embarassingly stupid things that have ever graced this subreddit . 
  jesus fuck man , get a hold of yourself . 
   your quote is about the implemetation of greece 's may 2010 program . 
  liar . 
  the quote is about the programme itself ; here 's the full section it is drawn from : executive summary the primary objective of greece 's may 2010 program supported by a stand-by arrangement ( sba ) was to restore market confidence and lay the foundations for sound medium-term growth through strong and sustained fiscal consolidation and deep structural reforms , while safeguarding financial sector stability and reducing the risk of international systemic spillovers . 
  greece was to stay in the euro area and an estimated 20-30 percent competitiveness gap would be addressed through wage adjustment and productivity gains . 
  there were notable successes during the sba-supported program ( may 2010 -- march 2012 ) . 
  strong fiscal consolidation was achieved and the pension system was put on a viable footing . 
  greece remained in the euro area , which was its stated political preference . 
  spillovers that might have had a severe effect on the global economy were relatively well-contained , aided by multilateral efforts to build firewalls . 
  ** however , there were also notable failures . 
  ** market confidence was not restored , the banking system lost 30 percent of its deposits , and the economy encountered a muchdeeper-than-expected recession with exceptionally high unemployment . 
  public debt remained too high and eventually had to be restructured , with collateral damage for bank balance sheets that were also weakened by the recession . 
  competitiveness improved somewhat on the back of falling wages , but structural reforms stalled and productivity gains proved elusive . 
  given the danger of contagion , the report judges the program to have been a necessity , even though the fund had misgivings about debt sustainability . 
  there was , however , a tension between the need to support greece and the concern that debt was not sustainable with high probability ( a condition for exceptional access ) . 
  in response , the exceptional access criterion was amended to lower the bar for debt sustainability in systemic cases . 
  the baseline still showed debt to be sustainable , as is required for all fund programs . 
  in the event , macro outcomes were far below the may 20 , 2013 greece 2 international monetary fund baseline and while some of this was due to exogenous factors , the baseline macro projections can also be criticized for being too optimistic . 
  the report considers the broad thrust of policies under the program to have been appropriate . 
  rapid fiscal adjustment was unavoidable given that the greece had lost market access and official financing was as large as politically feasible . 
  competivenessboosting measures were also essential , as were fiscal structural reforms to support deficit reduction . 
  however , the depth of ownership of the program and the capacity to implement structural reforms were overestimated . 
  greece 's sba suggests the need to explore the case for refining the fund 's lending policies and framework to better accommodate the circumstances of monetary unions . 
  a particular challenge is to find ways to translate promises of conditional assistance from partner countries into formal program agreements . 
  there are also political economy lessons to be learned .
