  there is a european fund for this , but given that we pay into the eu more than we take out that 's just our money coming back to us , and less than we put it . 
  so no , italy is actually financing refugee handling in some other countries , rather than being helped with our own . 
   a vastly inflated gdp [ where is the `` vastly inflated '' gdp ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zopk3np.png ) ? 
  the greek pre-crisis growth is exactly in trend with the rest of europe . 
   i 'm saying this so you understand just how the greece situation looks to us : it looks like incompetence is rewarded and responsible behaviour is scolded then you live in fantasyland , there 's no other way to put it . 
  greece has received no reward , all assistance it has got was a ) to bail out the banks that irresponsibly lent money to greece and b ) so that the euro project would n't be dealt the blow of one of its countries leaving the common currency . 
  as for the rest , [ here 's a quick summary ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gsdhysf.jpg ) . 
  i do n't see a reward there ; i see greece being punished beyond all economic sense precisely because of a belief in this sort of morality play by ( mostly ) the northern european electorates . 
   maybe `` maybe '' ? 
  it 's in their `` about us '' page . 
   but the actual news was published in a local paper a fearsome voice of greek propaganda . 
  so devious it does n't even have an english-language page , so well-spread it 's not listed on wikipedia - not even the * greek * wikipedia . 
  i do n't know if this is just one small piece of a large plot , but on the balance of probability i would say that this looks more like a local paper reporting on a local story more than attempt at `` propaganda '' by the `` greek media '' . 
   so , it 's propaganda from greek media ? 
  greekreporter is an american site started by a greek-american in california . 
   you clearly do n't have a clue about what you 're talking about . 
  yes , of course . 
   debts are refinanced and rolled over by everyone . 
  it 's called debt management . 
  i am in awe of your advanced knowledge of finance . 
  but how does that relate to the issue of revenue ? 
  because , as you surely have not failed to notice , not a single part of my post was talking about debt , but only about revenue . 
   the bailout program was n't devised to magically fix all problems plaguing a bankrupt state . 
  wait , ` bankrupt ' state ? 
  surely that is n't possible , otherwise the imf and the eu would have violated their own rules by lending to a bankrupt state . 
  but i clearly do n't know what i 'm talking about , so perhaps you could shed some light on this point ? 
   all bailout programs were devised to help nations avoid the economic crash their governments caused by bankrupting their state , by buying time for these goverments to reduce their debt expenditure and implement reforms that would help their state get back on its feet . 
  it 's all very interesting . 
  how , then , did the increase in revenue you mentioned fail to materialize , both in nominal terms and in relation to gdp ? 
   in greece 's case , after the first bailout program was approved and the then acting greek government was obliged to open its records to public scrutiny , it was found out that previous greek governments have been falsifying their books you have your chronology inverted : the reveal of the cooked books started in february 2010 with the newly elected papandreou government and was completed in april 2010 ; the first bailout was on may 2 2010 . 
  but we 've established that i clearly do n't know what i 'm talking about , so could you perhaps clarify ? 
   and , obviously , balancing fraudulent books does take a toll on the economy . 
  yes , apparently it does . 
  how , then , is revenue supposed to grow ? 
  keep in mind that revenue has , in actual reality , fallen every year since 2010 in nominal terms and remained stationary as a share of gdp . 
   factor in the detail where the state keeps on generating more revenue over time it would be counterproductive to factor in an unrealistic detail . 
  [ 5 years of experience ] ( https://www.oecd.org/greece/revenue-statistics-and-consumption-tax-trends-2014-greece.pdf ) have more than shown that spending cuts and tax hikes in a recession do n't increase revenue , because the contraction of economy wipes out any new potential revenue increase . 
  in fact , greek government revenues have fallen exactly proportionally to gdp , leading to a constant revenue/gdp ratio . 
  it 's a fascinating plan : - greece does n't make enough money , which means - greece ca n't meet its debt repayments , which leads to - us lending greece money for the debt payments , but in return we ask greece to - raise taxes and cut spending , which inevitably leads to - the greek economy contracting , which means , - greece does n't make enough money , which means ... 
  italy as a whole is a centrist , somewhat conservative country . 
  a survey using a representative sample will reflect that . 
  san marino who ? 
   even if italians can be fucking insufferable sometimes we love you too : *, 
  & gt ; tfw the only country fully blue , 
  precisely this . 
  of course people were n't moved into private residences , that would be incredibly illegal . 
   but of course these groups will be portrayed as racist of course they will , because they are racist . 
  they literally flew into a frenzy , broke into houses , burned furniture and blockaded food deliveries to prevent foreign brown people from living near them . 
  how far do they have to go before we are authorized to name them racist ? 
   politicians and the media are so scared of appearing racist that they 're completely out of touch with public sentiment . 
  the governor of veneto openly supported this action , the leader of his party ( which is currently the largest-polling right wing party in italy ) openly supported this action , a shitload of people openly and mediatically support this . 
  it 's delusional to think that the racist , xenophobic right is a poor underrepresented faction . 
  you are `` not saying '' whether fascism is good or bad , you have your own peculiar historical understanding of fascism and you consider the two major fascist groups in italy to be ideologically impure . 
  so , on the balance of probability , i 'd say we 've found the fascist . 
  you can immediately disclaim this by saying that fascism is negative , an opinion shared by literally everyone who is n't a fascist . 
   those who burnt the stolen furniture were n't from a specific party ( such as forza nuova or casapound as i read on previous posts ) so , on the balance of probability , what is more likely : - that the native inhabitants spontaneously self-organized , procured the tools to break into the apartments and proceeded with the burning , then forza nuova openly showed up the next morning with no involvement whatsoever - that someone from forza nuova organized these people , gave them the tools they needed and most likely partecipated in the event as muscle , and then also openly showed up in the morning , this time in the open edit : [ surprise ] ( http://www.ilfattoquotidiano.it/2015/07/17/migranti-rivolta-dei-residenti-anche-roma-blocchi-stradali-sassate-alla-polizia/1882322/ ) , fascist groups have been behind each and every single anti-refugee action of the last two days . 
  who would have thought ? 
  i have little hope that this thread will be anything but a `` so brave '' circlejerk defending merkel , but just so that it wo n't appear like there is unanimous approval for her actions , here 's my bit . 
  i find it highly hypocritical that merkel , whose government has continued nearly unabated a policy of support for israel , should tell a palestinian girl that `` we ca n't manage that '' . 
  it was a european and american foreign policy decision to support the establishment of the state of israel , and it is european and american support that enables israel to continue in its policy of oppression against palestinians . 
  merkel can definitely manage that . 
  she is the chancellor of a not-insignificant nation , who could very well spearhead a substantive and not just superficial opposition to israel 's treatment of the palestianians . 
  so no , hers was n't a good answer , unless the only parameter by which you judge it is the effect that it has on the public . 
  then that answer makes her appear as the clear-headed leader who can make the tough choices and stick with them even when they become inconvenient . 
  but the choice of denying help to poor and powerless people is n't tough , it 's easy ; and sticking with that choice , in the face of an electorate that only in the minority disapproves of this sort of callousness , does not take courage . 
  both of them are quite literally taking the path of least resistance . 
  you can laud her for it , but you wo n't be lauding courage and leadership , but simply the reaffirmation of your own beliefs . 
  the articles forgets to mention that this is n't just a spontaneous event ; members of forza nuova , a ( [ literally ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4rechql.jpg ) ) fascist group , showed up openly in the morning and might well have been involved in the night raid and furniture burning . 
  can we call it fascism when literal fascists attack ethnic minorities , or is that just lefists calling everything they disagree with fascism ? 
   pretty sure i specified as lightly regulated as possible . 
  pretty sure in the real world food , water , energy , healthcare and education are not `` as lightly regulated as possible '' , but heavily regulated and publicly subsidized . 
   the free market needs consideration when the output is worth more than mere money yes . 
  when the entirety of your essential economic activity needs to be heavily regulated and subsidized to function , the claim that you are successfully running a free market starts to sound hollow . 
   free market is the default . 
  it is usually `` the right thing '' [ * ] . 
  [ * ] terms and conditions apply : not `` the right thing '' when dealing with food , water , energy , healthcare , education and several other fundamental goods and services . 
  seriously , not even ultra-capitalist countries actually trust the free market with anything but incidentals . 
  the most touted result of free-market economies , food abundance , which is often mockingly compared to the bread lines of other economies , has been achieved by pouring tens of billions in subsidies into the food industry every year . 
   same thing with absurd taxi overregulation that is only there to force customers to pay extortionate prices to the protected class of taxi drivers in many countries . 
  and yet attempts at deregulating taxis have [ generally met with failure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxicab#results_of_deregulation_in_specific_localities ) and have led to ** increasing fares ** , lower productivity , lower driver earnings and no significant innovation . 
   buttoo much regulation and you also have no competition , because the state owns everything of value and there is no reason to compete ( see socialism ) . 
  socialism is an organization system that has abolished the private property of the means of production and the capitalist market itself , not a market economy where everything of note is owned or controlled by the state . 
  you are thinking of state capitalism . 
  the mark of his true leadership is not that he rides a bike while wearing a suit , but that he does so with his jacket button fastened . 
  amidst the sluggishness of the summer season and the wealth of more pressing issues , a mere 20 % of members of parliament supporting a law is not remotely enough to have hope of it passing . 
   how this can be done without killing the banks which extended the loans i do n't know . 
  the vast , vast , vast majority of greek debt is held by institutionals creditors , not private banks . 
  the banks were bailed out of greek debt years ago . 
  it is astonishing to see how this vulgata of tsipras having done a u-turn has become so prevalent so quickly . 
  there was no u-turn . 
  the greek negotiating position always included austerity . 
  the sticking point , over which negotiations were broken , was the inclusion in the deal of debt relief . 
  this package of austerity and debt relief is what tsipras is proposing once again . 
  which is false but it sure helps people ignore what 's actually happening . 
  which is that we are left alone handling hundreds of thousands of people that do not want to be registered and will do everything not to . 
  restrict posting and put up a full page ( via css ) that explains the reasons extensively . 
  people elsewhere are getting megaconfused about the few lines that most subs put up after going private . 
   no , the imf has actually been weighing for debt relief for a long time . 
  which part of the imf are you referring to ? 
  the technical staff certainly has , but the board ( which is made up of representatives of member countries ) have been very consistent in not offering debt relief until their reforms are implemented .
