  [ should we lose the act instead ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fef2mra.png ) ? 
  something about you using insults common on / pol / when somebody does n't accept your view of sweden as pedophilia central tells me that you might not be entirely intellectually honest in this discussion . 
  considering our domestic experience , i 'm generally not very surprised that organized crime occasionally erupts into violence . 
  besides , is n't malmo known to be a crime hub , which has already undergone similar local mafias wars ? 
  thank you , i 'd love to spend some time in sweden . 
  but i doubt pedophilia is a normal part of society over there , so i imagine i would still be surprised that someone would do this . 
  maybe , but are n't we talking about current mod behaviour ? 
  there are n't 145 trillions in the entire world gdp , i 'm sure you meant billions . 
  interesting point of view . 
  the way we see it over here , integrating eastern europe into the eu has meant : - businesses closing shop here to chase cheap labour in eastern europe , thus depriving us especially of manufacturing and service jobs - immigrants coming over here to work for peanuts , depressing our wages - billions of our money flying away to eastern europe as far as i can see , the common man in the west has had everything to lose , while the common man in the east has had everything to gain . 
  i would n't say it 's the same thing to ignore a problem and to decide to do something about it in a way that does n't include taking immediate action right now . 
  as for the megathreads , let 's page / u/slyratchet and ask him . 
   and since then have ignored the very obvious brigading and the very obvious agenda pushing by a lot of non-regular users from conversations in the mod changes announcement thread and elsewhere i would say they do n't ignore what 's happened at all , but after the experience of trying to handle it in a non-systematic fashion ( which did n't go very well ) i think they are simply trying to set up a long-term system that will work well and reliably . 
  the first logical step would be the current recruitment drive , so that the new system can be discussed and implemented with a full mod complement on board . 
   hyperbolic statement , obviously . 
  i 've seen a fair few people make those kinds of statement unironically , plus i was n't entirely sure if you were referring to some actual deaths that have taken place ( iirc a guy did die of hunger in one of our centers , because he put himself on hunger strike and refused to break it ) . 
  i 'm not aware of asylum seekers dying of hunger or cold in italy , when did that happen ? 
  now , i feel like this could open a huge can of worms , but it 's not entirely clear to me why having a non-european mod would be especially positive ( with no reference to savannajeff 's candidacy ) . 
   we are fierce warriors , it is in our blood . 
   life is too cushioned right now but as continent deteriorates from migrant invasion our inner crusader will come alive . 
  of all sad words of tongue and pen ... 
   like the post couple of months ago where an italian couple took an african `` refugee '' in their home and he thanked them by raping their 6yo daughter . 
  the article says that a senegalese man was being hosted by friends from the same country , who got suspicious when he disappeared into a room with their daughter and then found out he had felt her up and masturbated in front of her . 
  i imagine he is surprised because people are normally incapable of even conceiving of feeling up and masturbating in front of a 6-year-old . 
  how are you not surprised ? 
   kick these people out . 
  personally i 'd rather criminals go to jail , but i 'm open to considering simple deportation if we can be sure they serve their sentence in their home country . 
  i 'm not aware of that , the only big items i 've heard out of france are from french citizens or other europeans . 
  what shit are you referring to ? 
   that 's what americans said of italians in the us . 
  yeeep . 
  including calls for our expulsion or wholesale murder . 
   it 's funny that italy , home of a criminal syndicate that declared open war against the state , is having its undies twisted over a murder in sicily of all places . 
  well it 's not that incredible really . 
  the murder is pretty damn horrific and seems to have come out of the blue . 
  but to be honest , italy is getting its panties twisted much less than / r/europe : it 's a big item of news but we are not going insane over it . 
  yeah that sounds very similar . 
  it is fairly astonishing , especially since they do n't ever really do it when they are angry , it 's really just to punctuate a pause in the discourse . 
  i do n't know if [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsydrkghpn4 ) gets across , but every time you hear `` dio '' the guy is pretty much using some different blasphemy . 
  there 's even one with the pope . 
  some people literally substitute * dio can * for pauses in their speech . 
  `` dio can '' is naming god a dog . 
  i had a really good and really strict teacher all through high school , which helped , and i 've lived in the uk for the last few years , which also helped . 
  additionally , nearly all of my media consumption is in english . 
  people that learn english as a foreign language often pick up expressions here and there and develop a patchwork of a personal vocabulary . 
  if you look further through my post history you 'll also notice that i use the british or american english spelling of certain words interchangeably because i did n't grew up with either one being prevalent . 
   you said that the refused asylum seekers would n't do anything no , i did n't . 
   i just said that the scale is different now yes , but how is that relevant to my request for evidence that denied asylum seekers turn to violent criminality ? 
  did you mean to reply to someone else ? 
  your post does n't seem to have anything to do with mine . 
  you are wildly overestimating what public defenders get paid in italy . 
  either way , with this sort of evidence the guy will most likely have a fast track trial lasting a few days . 
   refugees should be kept detained until they can be sent home once the conflict is over . 
  under no circumstance should someone claiming asylum be allowed to walk free because locking up tens of thousands of innocent people is clearly a sensible response to a homicide . 
  hell we are already spending hundreds of millions as it is and the conditions in the camps are still shit , i do n't want to imagine how much more we 'd have to spend to detain people 24/7 inside camps that would be inevitably shittier . 
  by all means let 's metaphorically hang this guy , but do realize that the shit y' all saying about all immigrants is the exact same shit that many italians were saying only a few years ago about european immigrants to italy , right down to the incompatible culture and inherent criminality . 
  it 's not fair if you look up my / r/italy flair :d, 
  get ready , we are going in deep : - piedmont : falsely polite , reserved and quitely desperate - lombardy : work-obsessed snobs and crass showoffs of wealth - veneto : drunk ignorant peasants who barely speak italian , also use blasphemy instead of commas - trentino-alto adige : off-brand germans - emilia-romagna : wannabe cool , actually provincial , commies - liguria : cheap as fuck , would n't lend you a bottle of piss if you were on fire - tuscany : trying too hard to be funny all the time , also national champions of blaspehmy - lazio : everyone is literally a widely gesticulating , dialect-speaking caricature - abruzzo : hairy mountain barbarians - molise : literally do n't exist - campania : super skilled at finding ways not work , also speak a completely incomprehensible language - sicily : men of honor , even the women, 
  we typically do n't deport criminals to serve sentences to countries whose justice system we do n't trust . 
  if this man is convincted , he 'll serve a lengthy sentence in italy . 
   they have no criminal element in their body . 
  not even the swedish ultraliberals that exist in / pol / 's fantasy actually believe or say this . 
   once their asylum application and financial aid are refused , they 'll start stabbing people for 50 eur in the middle of the street . 
  considering tens of thousands of asylum applications have been denied over the last few years in europe , there should be ample evidence that this is happening . 
  where is it ? 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  i 'm a reddit fiend , on this site almost constantly from noon to the late night . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  every day . 
  it 's my most visited sub by quite a margin . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  the uk  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  i 'm an italian mothertongue . 
   what interests you about europe ? 
  weeell ... it 's got everything does n't it ? 
  natural beauty , art , history , about seven thousand languages , cuisine and alcohol to satisfy a glutton , so many different people and customs ... what does n't interest anyone about europe ? 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  only on this sub can i get macedonian events explained by macedonians while a balkan slapfight is taking place in the next thread and an argument about scottish oil revenues goes on in another . 
  my least favourite thing is when all of this potential ends up giving births to thoughtless shouting matches or massive circlejerks . 
  fake but inciteful news , editorialized headlines and low-information content are often the starting points of these and i 'd like to tackle them in particular . 
  there 's also a problem with racism and assorted bigotry just like there is in any political sub , but i think current rules and a larger mod team will be enough to handle that . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  i was first a moderator and then an admin for a fairly large mtg community . 
  in that capacity , i 've handled everything from community policing to working with the site owners to copyright takedown requests . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  the main reason is that as it is the mod staff is severely undersized . 
  i 've got a few ideas like i said just above , but they come after making sure there are enough warm bodies to get through reports and removing shitposts in a timely fashion . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i 've got experience of what that side of the experience looks like and what the mechanics of it are . 
  i have a lot time to dedicate to it and while i like the more proactive parts i kind of enjoy the janitorial work of making sure the sub is clean and tidy . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i 've got years of experience under my belt with the first two , bring it on . 
  i 've dabbled with automoderator a bit and i once tried to write a reddit bot just to see what it was like . 
  my python skills are passable , so i guess all in all i can handle bots fairly well . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i think the immigration megathread and the active moderation had raised the level of the sub a lot , but the megathread failed because it took way too much work for the small mod staff to update it . 
  i think the solution is workable so long as it 's highly automated and the mods only have to deal with people actively trying to disrupt it . 
   what 's one weakness you have ?
