   but i still have n't understood what happened there was a riot at a german refugee shelter . 
   who was fighting who some of the refugees in the center were generally vandalising the place and at times were throwing furniture at the police , who shows up in several scenes . 
   what were the reasons allegedly , the defacing of a qu ` ran . 
   i might gather more if i 'd understood german or arab . 
  i agree op should have provided a translation of the video title and description , and i would have agreed with a temporary delisting until that was done ( or a perpetual delisting if that was n't done ) . 
   i obviously jumped to the completely unfounded conclusion that if you want something removed then it is because you do n't want it to be there . 
  no , you jumped to the conclusion that if i want something removed it 's because i do n't like it ( do you like cake ? 
  would you want half your desk covered in cake ? 
  then you do n't like cake right ? ) . 
  right here :  because you do n't like seeing it . 
  so now you 've gone from inventing what my position is supposed to be to retroactively reinventing what you said ? 
  sorry , i do n't have time to waste arguing this way . 
  several people , including many who disagree with me , have been able to have a discussion with me without constantly misunderstanding my position , so there clearly is n't a problem with how i write . 
  good bye . 
  did you mean to reply to someone else ? 
  your post seems to be an answer to a question , but not the one in my post . 
   how can a lot of different people wanting to discuss different aspects of a topic be described as flooding ? 
  it can be described as flooding when that content takes up a majority of the space on the front page , to the detriment of the visibility of other content . 
   having around 4-5 try 8-10 . 
   it 's all voted on so these are the things people want to talk about . 
  because reddit voting is optional , at most you can say that this is what people who are interested in immigration-related content want to see . 
  which is not a very good guidelines about the entirety of the subreddit . 
   because you do n't like seeing it i 'm not interested in defending what you keep making up as my argument . 
   one suspects that you would n't call having multiple articles on the front page on any other topic such as tourism , local customs/culture or politics as flooding . 
  you keep inventing what i 'm supposed to believe rather than challenging what i 've actually said . 
   complaining about the fact that there is the rule about content flooding and it 's not being enforced . 
  it 's literally exactly what i wrote , as you quoted :  your anti-flooding rules are widely disregarded the rest is your own elaboration . 
  i do n't think that only immigration-related content should be restricted if there is an anti-flooding rule in effect , but rather all content that is flooding the frontpage . 
  at the moment , the flooding comes from immigration-related content , so it 's what i brought up . 
   i never mentioned nazi 's in my post . 
  and ? 
  context matters . 
  the only anti-immigration people shown in the video are nazis . 
  posting a top-level comment saying that `` being anti-immigration is not racist '' immediately implies that according to you the people in the video are not racist . 
   i was unaware of and i was unaware that you were unaware . 
  but now you know that the people in the video are nazis , so how does it surprise you that people are bringing it up in reply to your comment ? 
   by taking the sarcastic part seriously no , genius , it 's precisely the implication of your sarcasm that i was criticizing . 
   ok then i admit i have no idea what you meant by this in the context of reddit and similarly organized boards , a thread is a specific sequences of posts , each one replying to the other . 
  within reddit , each top-level comment starts a thread , which has its own subthreads . 
   regardless my point still stands , you ca n't handle reading posts you disagree with your point does n't stand because you have n't made it . 
  you 've stated twice now that i ca n't `` handle '' reading such and such , but you 've provided no argument to support this . 
  my arguments for removing racist content are there for anyone to read in this very thread , and i 've now suggested it twice that you do so . 
   how do we know they are racists because they are literally nazis . 
  you know , nazis ? 
  the guys who built their entire ideology over the idea that their race was superior and all others should be exterminated or made subservient ? 
  who started a war over the idea that their race should be unified within their empire , and that they should colonise eastern europe and exterminate its population of inferior slavic subhumans ? 
  yes , these are supporters of those guys . 
  that 's how we know they are racists . 
   i 'm living in the twilight zone !, 
  in the usa , blacks in the street doing the exact same thing are glorified as protestors you are indeed living in the twilight zone if you think that black rioters in the us are not massively despised and widely condemned . 
   whites doing same thing in europe nazis , not whites . 
  they do n't get to claim a representativeness that they do n't have . 
   a dozen of skinheads throwing stones like the antifa and spout some slogans . 
  oh dang , let 's organize a candle march and dance against nationalism !, 
  so it 's ok to throw stones and shout nazi slogans , but we need to deride people who organize candle marches against nazism ? 
  cognitive dissonance much ? 
   titles and descriptions can be editorialized . 
  which goes for any sort of content at all . 
  any page linked here could lie or misrepresent information , hell major newspapers sometimes say outright bullshit . 
  is this the case though ? 
  if it is , then the post should be removed for containing false information . 
  but that 's not why it was removed , nor was it what you were arguing originally . 
   til it 's now racist to be anti-immigration . 
  it is in fact racist , and has been for decades , to be a neo-nazi . 
   so you want the story most people on this subreddit want to talk about to be impossible and stuck in a smaller subreddit no one uses . 
  you must have read someone else 's comments because i 've never once mentioned a smaller subreddit . 
   well , it really does not provide a lot of information though . 
  come on now . 
  in any other case , unfiltered footage of some momentous event would be considered prime quality content . 
  i understand why it is n't seen the same way now : because while in most other cases the video would be balanced against some other assessment or point of view of the events , with the particular topic of immigration and islam a lot of the reaction is simply `` see ? 
  fuck those savages !, 
  it 's not because it did n't provide a lot of information . 
  we 've had months of combat footage from ukraine which provided just about as much context as this , oftentimes even less ( with people wondering who those in the video were , where they were operating , what exactly was happening ) , and it was all fine ( at most , a megathread was started because there was so much ukraine-related content on the front page ) . 
  content should be removed on its own demerits , not because of the reaction it might provoke . 
  this video does show something that most people have never seen , which as far as i know was n't shown in news articles . 
  is it likely to incite anti-immigration people , and also racists ? 
  yes , of course . 
   it provides literally 0 information about the where , what and why . 
  except it literally does n't . 
  the `` where '' is right there in the title , the `` what '' can be seen in the video , the `` why '' is apparent from the video description ( of which i think op should have provided an english translation , yes ) . 
   that does n't justify censorship though . 
  who 's talking about censorship ? 
  i 've explained why mods do n't have time to link all the duplicates when removing a post for that reason . 
   the post in itself is just an excuse for the racists to come and spout their shit and flood the sub with their propaganda . 
  in which case the racist comments should be removed ( i reported several myself ) , not the post itself , especially not under as unrelated a rule as `` low quality content '' ( unless we want to establish a rule against low-quality video , which i do n't think makes sense on a non-video subreddit ) . 
   as a future mod , that should be obvious to you . 
  i have my opinions about why a 0-day account posted that specific video and followed it up with decidedly , let 's say , clear-minded comments . 
  that does n't mean that i think moderation should prosecute intentions rather than actions . 
  i think racist comments should be removed ; i think flooding should be stopped ; i think brigading should be dealt with . 
  i do n't think we should at all remove content on the sole basis that it might incite racists ( unless that content is breaking some other rule , of course ) . 
   what is the alternative there 's an entire subthread right within this one where i discuss precisely this . 
  it 's not a shitpost . 
  99 % of people have never seen what a riot like this looks like , and religious intolerance within and among refugee comuties is a relevant topic no matter which side of the debate you are on . 
  and that 's all good but there are only so many things you can do with a limited amount of man-hours . 
  the mod team is currently heavily understaffed . 
  i 'm probably the biggest complainer about racism in / r/europe and i was again the recent moderation change , but even i do n't find anything wrong with that submission . 
   in italy asking a solution for the immigration problem mean to be racists the leading party in asking for a `` solution '' to the immigration problem has high ranking members who unashamedly call black people `` bingo bongo `` s , so you might see where one could get the impression that there 's a racism problem with the anti-immigration front . 
  also :  it 's probable probable my ass , the people throwing stones at the refugees were literally neonazis . 
  it 's `` probable '' that neonazis are n't racist ? 
  lol,
