  the destructive effect is amplified when shrapnel is produced ( either deliberately or as a side effect ) : the energy of the explosion is then delivered by a compact and massive object , which can transfer a much high percentage of the total explosive energy to a much smaller portion of the target , ensuring penetration . 
  this is also the principle behind firearms . 
  so how do passports survive ? 
  passports are paper booklets . 
  you 'll notice that if you apply pressure to paper , you are unlikely to do much to it beside crumpling it ( and in that case only if you apply it parallelly to the sheet ) . 
  in an explosion , unless there is a fireball or the passport is in the right spot ( say , where the pressure wave is likely to just tear through it ) , the passport is likely to be just blown away , harmlessly turning the energy of the pressure wave into kinetic energy and dispersing it wherever it falls . 
   the moment they failed ( the goths ) their entire world fell historical nitpick : that 's a very outdated , and today discredited , view of the fall of the roman empire . 
  rome suffered a long period of decline caused by multiple factors : the inherent instability of the imperial system ( whereby only an emperor who commanded the personal loyalty of a strong portion of the military could rule in peace ) , several waves of plague , the self-reinforcing mechanism whereby control of the peripheral regions would be maintained by further decentralization , which slowly turned them into effectively independent empires and made them weaker and more vulnerable . 
  the long process of migration into europe was more the coup de grace on an already terminally ill roman empire than the prime cause of its fall . 
  for example : the wealthier , more populated and more centralized eastern roman empire endured for centuries still , even in the face of more powerful military threats than any barbarian invasion . 
  no , there is n't a current live thread ( not in / r/europe at least ) . 
  we closed last night 's after french media stopped giving updates . 
  if media activity starts to pick up again to the point of having fast updates we 'll put up another ; otherwise , regular submissions + this thread for discussion are going to be enough . 
  please add `` nsfl - death '' before the link . 
  i know it is to be expected , but people can be distracted or not know very much and might not want to see what unfortunately is in that video . 
  the video description says : uploaded by monawaat on 2/18/2015 the hollande speech featured is date to january . 
  it 's safe to say that this video is not connected to these attacks . 
  dded you, 
  added you, 
  added you, 
  added you, 
  please do n't post information about the movements of the police forces against the attackers . 
  [ done ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3spo4t/live_shooting_and_explosions_in_paris/ ) , anyone who wants to be added as a contributor say so in the comments there . 
   it 's amazing how british women do n't seem to notice the cold during a night out . 
  amazing in the sense that there 's no season of the year when you wo n't find short skirts about london , yes . 
  that is indeed amazing . 
   christianity was born in asia , which was well defined as a separate continent and cultural civilziation since the early ancient times . 
  historical nitpick : not really though , certainly not with the same boundaries as we today understand . 
  for the simplest counter-example , the greek cities of the ( modern-day ) turkish coast were definitely greek and not part of a separate cultural civilization . 
  but in a more profound sense , the east mediterranean by the time of the emergence of christianity had had centuries of very very strong cultural admixture with greek culture , with hellenistic kingdoms having ruled the vast majority of it for centuries and koine greek having become both lingua franca and the language of the educated classes ; not by chance , the gospels were originally composed in koine greek . 
  and again , not by chance , the great centers of early christianity were not bounded in terms of geography as we understand it today , but of cultural and commercial ties as they were relevant at the time : antioch ( by that time a hellenized city ) , alexandria ( a hellenistic center par excellence ) , corinth ( a greek city ) , ephesus ( same ) , thessalonica ( same ) . 
  by the time of the islamic conquest , christianity had very strong centers in the east ( which was and had been , after all , the wealthies and most populous part of the roman empire ) , but most of post-roman europe had been christianized ( at least in terms of institutional religion ) , and many important centers of christianity had emerged there . 
  it 's not really fair to call it a ` backwater ' , because history is n't really chiefly concerned with whichever region is more prosperous at a time ; europe went onto its own historical trajectory , which saw it become poorer and much more fragmented than the east for a time , but the theological developments elaborated in europe were not lost to history , and in fact became centerpieces of worldwide christianity with the later resurgence of western europe . 
   and then every african nation pays their citizens 250 $ each if they request asylum in the eu . 
  trip and expenses are paid by the government . 
  and then we fingerprint everyone we deport , and if they are found again we deport them again with no payment to the country in question . 
  writing anti-abuse clauses is n't impossible , nor is it getting them accepted if your carrot or stick are big enough . 
   with some luck , the tories will be out next election . 
  that would take an impressive amount of luck , things being what they are . 
  while it 's true that the tories are somewhat losing steam , as any government in power for long is wont to do , it 's also very true that their opposition is scattered and confused , incapable as of now of mustering the kind of unity it would require to win a majority in fptp . 
  labour , which should be the chief contender , has elected a radical new leader which gave some hope of buffing off the patina of passivity the party seemed to have been covered in for the past 8 years . 
  but corbyn 's first few months have n't seen him aggressively campaign to expand the reach and support of the party , which is what he desperately needs to do if he plans on seriously contesting swing constituencies . 
  this might be because he 's first taking the time to reorganize internally , but i fear he might be engaging in confused and self-referential grandstanding rather than the necessary concerted political action , especially at the local level . 
  as for the others , none seem to have the potential to make the necessary gains under fptp ( which requires the ability to win a plurality in specific seats rather than get a good nationwide results ) . 
  the snp is likely capable of holding onto scotland , but ca n't alone tip the scales . 
  ukip seems to maintain its very thinly spread support , resulting in it getting a lot of votes and very few seats . 
  the lib dems are yet to recover from their electoral disaster , and despite the rage they might feel at having been abandoned by their voters over what seemed like a trivial issue ( compared to the rest of their activity in the former government ) , they must absolutely find a strategy to regain the trust which they 've lost , fairly or unfairly . 
   overwhelmingly large telescope [ 3 ] was cancelled , because it 's cost - $ 1.5 billion - was deemed too high let 's not kid ourselves though , it was cancelled because any alien visitor would [ take a look at the thing ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/overwhelmingly_large_telescope.jpg ) and conclude it was obviously a planet-based superweapon . 
  if they did , they 'd see fast and large withdrawls , as people take out their money as cash to preserve its value . 
  it would be an extreme choice based on the calculation that they stand to lose more by keeping interest rates above zero than by having a mini-run on the bank . 
  `` the swedish democrats in lund distribute maps and lists of refugee accomodation within the municipality of lund '' is this incorrect ? 
  people are not attacking ireland because of its low corporate tax rate , but because it has legal arrangements that allow companies to do business in other countries but pay taxes in ireland . 
  [ the irish government even openly recognized that its tax regime was unfair ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/oct/14/ireland-abolish-double-irish-tax-scheme-apple ) , and changed it so that starting from 2020 these tax arrangement will ( if nothing changes in the meantime ) not be possible anymore . 
  i agree that people blaming ireland or the netherlands for all fiscal problems in europe often exaggerate though . 
  it 's an issue , but it 's not as if solving it would miraculously filling italy 's coffers with all the money we need . 
  early 20th century italian irredentism was as messed up as any other , and ended up annexing and forcibly italianizing a lot of people that had little desire to undergo that process . 
  i do n't think there are too many people in italy that defend the annexation of south tyrol in particular ; in fact , i think you 'd find more support for letting south tyrol rejoin austria if that 's what it prefers . 
  i 'm not sure that they 'd like to lose out on the money though . 
  ** automated translation : ** according to ted ekeroth it 's about civic information and nothing else . 
  - there is a big one here on business in lund without a decision and clandestine planning permission . 
  there are previous examples of when the neighbors were not informed , for example , in the case of the sankt hans hill . 
  officials give evasive answers and it is kept secret , says ted ekeroth ( sd ) . 
  on facebook , the sweden democrats put out a list of ten buildings with temporary planning permission for various forms of temporary accommodation , but not everyone is a refugee accommodations . 
  neighbors are encouraged to appeal . 
  - this is our way to get the information out so that people know what happens , because there is no public debate on this . 
  we try to reach out to lund 's population . 
  if citizens do not like what is going on so they must make their voice heard . 
  the municipality has bypassed the rules on advertising in newspapers and notify neighbors . 
  it does none of this , but just drive on . 
  read also : building sheds were identified as residents of the sd 's list building committee chairman bj\u00f6rn abelson ( s ) says that all rules are followed . 
  - the municipality has not committed any rules in the planning and building act . 
  we had another more restrictive interpretation than the provincial government about the neighbors who would be interested in the matter of accommodation for eu migrants in the sankt hans hill . 
  we followed the county administrative board 's proposals , so it is sd totally got wrong . 
  a couple of building permits on the list published in sydsvenskan . 
  the maps and charts have attracted many comments on facebook and prompts to remove the material are numerous . 
  several comments about it inappropriate to lay out the information , given that it has already occurred fires in refugee accommodations . 
  the connection seems obvious to most who left angry comments . 
  according to bj\u00f6rn abelson ( s ) plays sd extremists in his hands . 
  - they go of nazis and fr\u00e4mlingsfientligas matters when it comes to trying to make it extremely public where it is proposed refugee accommodations . 
  it is extremely poor judgment and it just shows that their openings against extreme movements are clear , he says . 
  ted ekeroth ( sd ) dismisses criticism of laying out maps and addresses for possible accommodation . 
  - it is typically left fuzzy . 
  it is about public information . 
  the left wants to make it impossible for us to inform citizens about what they should already have been informed . 
  are you not worried that it may trigger crime ? 
  - we oppose any form of violent action . 
  would anyone like to do violence to people or buildings so they can find out where they are on their own . 
  it does not need us for that . 
  our purpose is to inform citizens so that those who wish can complain and react , said ted ekeroth . 
  the chief of police in lund , patrik isacsson , no comment other than to the police to avoid a heated situation . 
  - this kind of accommodations will be available in all municipalities so it becomes a natural element . 
  it is unnecessary if it becomes upptrissat but it 's no secret with the accommodation at the people 's park , for example . 
  we do not want it to burn more places and we will have some form of oversight of all places , says patrik isacsson . 
  start with a poor region with a long history of clientelism . 
  introduce fiscal transfers but let local politicians manage them . 
  the result is that those who have no qualms using those transfers to buy votes ( `` i 'll build you this useless giant factory ! '', 
  or even literally `` i 'll get you a job if you and your family vote for my candidate '' ) get the most votes , and keep mismanaging money to keep themselves and their friends in power . 
  add the ability of organized crime to manage this system ( by acting as the transmission mechanism between the bigtime politician and the actual low income voters , and getting protection and lucrative public contracts in return ) and you end up with southern italy . 
  it 's a bit of a myth that the mafia ` returned ' to southern italy with the allied invasion . 
  for all its pomp about law & order , fascism had never really crushed the mafia , only forced it to be less visible ( as with many problems with italy , the fascist approach was to make a big show of intervening manfully and then not really following through ) .
