  of course it is . 
  it 's two famous things about one country of course they must be related . 
  20000 peaceful protesters , 300 people ( in a separate group ) destroying shop windows and cars . 
  there were 67 peaceful protester for every 1 who was throwing a stone , yet every single photo of the protests is about the latter kind , and every single evening news program is exclusively talking about them . 
   just legalise it already , god damn it , what is so difficult ? 
  the opposition is small but vocal , there are n't that many votes to wi doing it , and international treaties make full legalization difficult . 
  mmmmh no , it stayed on the side of the entente through to the end of the war . 
  maybe you are thinking of wwii ? 
  well , not quite . 
  the kingdom of italy was part of the triple alliance until austria-hungary invaded serbia , in violation of the triple alliance terms . 
  there was then a long drawn-out process of negotiation , in which austria-hungary sought to guarantee italian neutrality and the kingdom of italy sought to get some compensation for austria-hungary 's territorial gains in the balkans ( which both countries considered part of their sphere of influence ) . 
  at one point austria-hungary had tendered significant territorial concessions , which were subsequently withdrawn ( coinciding , if i recall correctly , with a change in its war cabinet ) . 
  when that happened , the italian irredentists gained considerable political ammunition and managed to swing the government towards war with austria-hungary , so that it could `` recover '' the `` italian lands '' that austria-hungary still held . 
  that lead to negotiations with the entente and the 1915 treaty of london , bringing italy into the war . 
  if it reads like a clusterfuck of 19th century great power politics , it 's because it was . 
  yes ? 
  we switched sides in wwii , when we initially declared war on the allies and the made peace with them and declared war on nazi germany . 
  we did n't switch sides in wwi , although we did enter it late . 
  wait , i have a massive headache right now so i might be stunned , but as far as i can recall we only switched sides once . 
  god damn it , you switch sides once and it follows you forever ... 
  how do the salafis spread so fast ? 
  is it because of the allure of the religion , or they have more resources ? 
   the shadow tax is part of a national tax , called tosap ( tassa sull ` occupazione del suolo pubblico , tax on the occupation of public land ) no , it is n't . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.normattiva.it/uri-res/n2ls?urn:nir:stato:decreto.legislativo:1993;507 ) is the law in question , and you can easily verify than nowhere in there is a shadow tax mentioned . 
  creative interpretations by local administrators are n't magically turned into national law by virtue of referring to one . 
   according to ipsos/mori , brits and spaniards believe they have twice as many immigrants in their country as there actually are ; in italy , belgium and france it 's closer to three times ; in hungary it 's eight times ; in poland , more than 30 . 
  no wonder they 're freaked out . 
  if immigration is , and i quote verbatim , `` an enriching opportunity '' , why is it `` no wonder they 're freaked out '' for thinking that they have many more immigrants than they do ? 
  either immigrants are a legitimately scary prospect ( and thus no wonder that people are freaked out ) , or they are n't and then we should wonder why people are freaked out . 
  the reality of the situation is that , the current situation being what it is , poor immigrants end up competing for public services and jobs with the poorest among the locals , who are rightfully afraid . 
  anti-anti-immigration groups have failed to convince anyone because they 've refused to recognize this fact . 
  what they should have argued , especially because most of them have socialist backgrounds , is that the solution is to make sure that there are public services and jobs for everyone by reducing inequality and raising investment ( or seizing the means of production , if they are that radical , but most are n't ) ; simply saying that we should take everyone in without addressing legitimate concerns wo n't swing any opinion . 
  using military force in a bid to destroy the boats before they are loaded allows governments to do something substantive and quantifiable while at the same time showing that they are doing the opposite of bringing more immigrants in . 
  that 's an attractive proposition for practically any european government at the moment , and it 's the reason why this is the chosen option . 
  as long as appearing tough on immigration means not losing votes to anti-immigration parties , the situation wo n't significantly change . 
   in italy we have the wonderful shadow tax !, 
  if by `` in italy '' you mean `` in an extremely small township in italy '' then yes , we do have a shadow tax . 
  but if we tallied up all the ridiculous taxes that local administrations choose to levy , i think even lichtenstein might rack up a significant score . 
   why does nobody speak about the big topics : britain 's relation to the eu , the us , vladimir putin 's russia ? 
  it 's a bit arrogant to say that the `` big topics '' for a uk election should all be foreign-policy related . 
  domestic policy is important to britons . 
  i have little doubt that it 's important to germans as well , just as i have little doubt that germany 's stance on putin 's russia would take a back seat to whatever divise internal issue is most important at the moment . 
   a young woman even offered to get up for me . 
  and i honestly do n't look that old . 
  i knock over my full mug of coffee at greggs . 
  `` i 'll take care of it , mate , '' says the guy behind the counter . 
  `` you want another one ? '' no charge . 
  in germany , i 'd have had to mop up the mess myself and pay for the extra coffee . 
  germans ... ( the italian way would be to awkwardly point out that you made a mess , exchange a brief glance with the barista where you acknowledge his disapproval and he acknowledges that you at least owned up to it , then scurry away in embarassment as they mop it up and silently wish that your jacket be caught in the first available door handle ) . 
  i would have picked stalin but i did n't want to potentially open the can of worms of whether the caucasus is european . 
  electrons are n't massless , but they are much lighter than the constituents of nuclei ( protons and neutrons ) ; the mass of an electron is about 1/2000 of the mass of a proton . 
   when most americans would find difficult to name even a single one of our european equivelent . 
  at the very least i think pretty much anyone would be able to name hitler , mussolini and churchill . 
  please provide a source because i actually live in italy and the only protests i 've seen against the expo have been both mild and pretty damn small . 
   i 've presented various sources explaining exactly how labour 's plans to `` balance the books '' are in actual fact just a plan to borrow more . 
  yes . 
   borrowing to their levels has led to the public finance crisis that we are experiencing now [ citation needed ] on both the existence of a current public finance crisis ( the uk 's current borrowing costs are their historical lowest ) and the causal link with the burrowing rates cited . 
   premise a : labours track record is bad . 
  [ citation needed ]  conclusion : their economic plans are unsustainable . 
  your premises are unsourced and unsupported and your conclusion would not derive from them even then . 
  i 'm frankly tired of playing this game . 
  i 've asked you time and again to produce actual evidence ; what you 've done is reiterate your point without actually providing the evidence in question . 
  like i said , it takes a special kind of insanity to `` reason '' this way , and i do n't argue with insane people . 
   well if you read that and think it 's sustainable then no amount of evidence will convince you otherwise . 
  so far the amount of evidence you have presented is exactly zero . 
  zero evidence is definitely an amount that wo n't convince me of anything . 
  you are arguing that labour 's economic policy will `` destroy the country '' . 
  the only supporting arguments you 've presented are a ) reiterating that statement and b ) figures about the proposed labour policies that contain no evaluation of their future sustainability . 
  saying that labour `` borrows x pounds for every y pounds they spend '' is n't proof that this policy is n't sustainable , it 's a statement of what the policy is . 
  saying that `` if you are not immediately convinced of what i say then no amount of evidence will convince you '' is not an argument , it 's the refusal to present an argument . 
  that article contains literally zero evidence that labour policy would `` destroy the economy '' and i challenge you to quote what you call `` evidence '' . 
  i do n't know if there 's an equivalent english expression , but in italy we have a common one that goes `` everybody is a fag with some other guy 's asshole '' . 
  in italy there was outrage when some minor local politician dickhead said something like `` southern european come here to steal our benefits '' , but then most people do n't want more immigrants , either from eastern europe or africa , and a common argument is that they steal our benefits . 
   why are n't they going to saudi arabia or israel ? 
  because neither country is a signatory to the refugee convention . 
   especially since it is italy that is asking for support and we 're accepting 3.5 times as many refugees per capita . 
  i 'd like to clarify that we are not asking for support to deal with refugees , we are asking for support to deal with boat immigrants . 
  an important distinction , because a ) there are many more boat immigrants than people among them who 'll become refugees and b ) even if someone later becomes a refugee in another eu country , we are still the ones who have to pluck them out of the water and render primary care . 
   yes , just leave nuclear launch codes and comsec to someone else ... what the nsa did directly degraded the comsec of the united states and its allies . 
  so yeah , definitely do leave comsec to someone else , either a new agency or a profoundly reformed nsa whose main interest is protecting the us rather than treating its population as potentially hostile . 
   i strongly believe deciding to vote on someone based only on stance on one policy is unreasonable . 
  that 's a reddit-favorite line that i was somewhat expecting to read , and it 's as usual not really applicable . 
  it 's normally the case that there are at least a few parties that broadly represent your ideas ; then it 's entirely reasonable to pick among them the one that has the best shot of implementing the one thing you care about the most . 
   simple question : if more people thought like you before , and lib dems would be in weaker position in this coalition wait , what ? 
  `` before '' , the lib dems were n't known to have broken major campaign promises , so my position did n't exist . 
   or there would be only tory government in 2010 a non-coalition government would have been an exceptional and very unforeseen outcome , so again this was n't a consideration that could have been made . 
   so voting lib dems is still good move that 's simply a non-sequitur . 
  if in the 2010 election a hypothetical thing had happened , then an undesireable outcome would have occured so today in 2015 it 's a good idea to vote lib dems ? 
  there 's a logical connection missing here . 
   at the same time they 're economically literate and wo n't destroy the country ( like labour or the greens ) it takes a special form of insanity to think that a labour government would `` destroy the country '' , even just economically . 
  and i say this as someone who does * not * support labour . 
  the economic policies of labour for more than 20 years have been as pro-business as the tories , they simply have n't been as anti-poor as them . 
  what i think is naive is this sort of unthinking cynicism whereby anything is justifiable because politics requires compromise . 
  this is a response to / u/marchewajp too , since he makes a similar point to yours . 
  being pragmatic , which is what both of you tout as the main virtue of your position , means doing what 's most likely to get you closest to your objective . 
  sounds right ? 
  good . 
  my objective is scrapping tuition fees . 
  unfortunately that was n't realistic with the parliament we were likely to get out of the last elections , so i would have been happy just to see them not increase . 
  and how could i best guarantee it ?
