  so , to recap : an incident took place in which a refugee threw himself with his wife and child on the empty train tracks of a hungarian station , apparently as a theatrical display of desperation . 
  the initial bbc reporting lacked footage of the event and while showing photographs said that their fall resulted from a scuffle , not indicating any clear responsibility but calling it distressful . 
  in light of new material , the bcc corrected its earlier report . 
  conclusion of the rabid anti-immigration crowd : the bbc lies the leftwing media lies i have 1000 examples of this it 's a conspiracy conclusion of sane people : the bbc corrected its earlier incorrect reporting of a minor incident , which happens frequently enough to be unremarkable . 
  the video shows bcc footage of migrants trying to board a train in hungary . 
  the footage stops after a woman is seeing nursing her child near an empty train track , with her husband set beside her . 
  the narration then keeps going , while photographs are shown of the couple on the tracks . 
  the narration says that there was a scuffle and they fell on the tracks , to be then removed by the police . 
  the video then cuts to sky news footage actually showing the man grabbing his wife and throwing himself and her on the empty tracks , to then refuse to get up . 
  op concluded that this meant the bbc deliberately lied . 
   and that the bbc reporter might have not known about what happened at the time ? 
  exactly this . 
  we have literally no idea what information was available to the bbc reporter when he read his report . 
  what we know is that this report of a minor incident was incorrect . 
  assuming that this was deliberate is , in absense of further evidence , a baseless accusation . 
  this is exactly the kind of sensationalistic , no source , inciting article that should be removed from / r/europe . 
  it 's also always better not to build sweeping opinions of entire phenomena through single pieces of news . 
   all this false reporting i 'm interested to see the rest of their false reporting . 
  what 's hilarious is that the entire political spectrum believes the bbc to be biased for the other side . 
   according to you , they did n't make a mistake . 
  everything the bbc says is the truth . 
  opening a thread about the bbc blatantly misreporting an event to then go on to argue through blatant misreporting of someone else 's words ? 
  goes to show that your problem is n't with lying , just with which narrative the lying supports . 
   in uk , hamlet towers on bigger scale you sure seem to know a lot about hamlet towers , tell me more . 
  is lane brick as good of a food destination as they say ? 
  what 's your favourite bagel shop , bake beigel ? 
  there 's way more than one sect of islam and way more than one way of practicising the faith . 
  just like among jews there are orthodox and reform people ( among others ) , among muslims there are the guys who subscribe to different interpretations of their religious duties . 
  i do n't get this counter-circlejerk `` it 's been happening for months but you are only noticing now ! '', 
  first of all , the vast majority of people and publications saying this have ignored or sidelined the issue just as much as anyone else and are in no position to give lessons to anyone . 
  second , what the heck do they care ? 
  do they think it 's a good thing that people are finally somewhat engaged , or do they think it 's a bad thing ? 
  if the first , then they should be happy it finally happened ; if the second , then they should n't care . 
  either way , this entire thing sounds more like an attempt at being contrarian for attention and clicks than at genuinely exposing an alternative viewpoint . 
   the majority are from muslim countries the majority of people i see in that video are evidently from sub-saharan africa , so no . 
   let 's not pick on little details . 
  no , let 's absolutely pick on little details when they are twisted to justify religious bigotry . 
  yes , our border posts in the mediterranean : sunbathing while they march up and down our sea walls , it 's a great job i tell you . 
   where are all the women and children ? 
  the children and their parents are usually assigned better and more protected dwellings . 
  women are otherwise generally separated from men . 
  true , what 's not true is that 100 % of those guys are from north africa or the middle east . 
  there are plenty who are evidently from subsaharan african and most likely christian . 
  the very guy everybody in this thread is talking about is ghana , which is a majority christian nation ( 70 % ) with minorities of muslims ( 16 % ) and practictioners of local traditional religions ( 9 % ) . 
  the german authorities must be overwhelmed right now , it 's good to see that someone is stepping up to help , 
   in the uk for example pakistani 's commit far more sex crimes `` per capita '' than most other ethnic groups . 
  and , exactly , why are you choosing to look at ethnicity over any other demographic marker ? 
  how have you determined that ethnicity is the most important one and deserves to be singled out ? 
  oh my fucking god . 
  i know this is terrible but i also know exactly where that picture comes from and i ca n't help but laugh at this piece of / pol/ack trolling . 
   thousands of kids have died in syria and many other countries , yet the media is practically silent on this . 
  do n't know about you but i see save the children on tv every day . 
   as soon as one refugee child dies in europe , the media is all over it wait , you think this is the first kid that died coming to europe ? 
  we 've had documented cases from the get go down here , since years ago . 
  kids have been dying for a sad long while . 
   the kid should n't have been anywhere near the sea . 
  got it : child + near the sea = terrible parenting . 
  makes sense . 
  please come to the italian seaside , there are millions of parents in need of re-education . 
   either stay in turkey/lebanon/jordan ( they probably have a good chance to get moved to a better situation through proper channels ) , or ride it out under isis or go over to the assad side . 
  do n't run with a baby kid . 
  once again , you have literally no idea of this family 's situation and what might have pushed them to flee with a young child . 
  low quality b8 , also do n't you feel slightly disgusted with yourself for the shit you end up writing trying to sound edgy on the internet ? 
   what terrible parenting skills . 
  you have literally no idea how this death came to happen . 
   people like you are more harmful to the concepts of ratio and calm tolerance than any neonazi ever could be yes , calling people racist on the internet is more harmful for tolerance than burning down refugee centers or beating up immigrants . 
  that makes sense . 
   what do europeans think of americans ? 
  great guys , nice country , 10/10 would visit and fraternize again . 
   more specifically , the current political issues i think your politics is astoundingly money-based . 
  money is important in europe too and no kidding , but i 've yet too see such a powerful and acknowledged importance of fundraising , ad buys and things like that . 
   even the candidates for the 2016 presidential election ? 
  i think trump has got an actual shot at the republican nomination , which is terrifying . 
  hillary would be a more disappointing version of obama . 
  bernie our saviour sanders would better than anyone you 've got . 
   but i 've learnt from the big default subs here on reddit that they are absolutely insufferable as a group . 
  what you see on reddit is a small and non-representative cross-section of america . 
  the typical reddit user is a young , white , middle-class male . 
  the circlejerk effect also tends to amplify majority opinions and among them those who are yelled the loudest . 
   now will you acknowledge that there a disproportionate amount of rapes carried out by people of certain ethnic groups ? 
  there is also a disproportionate amount of rapes carried out by men , and a disproportionate amount of victims are female . 
  a disproportionate amount of rapes are also committed by acquaitances of the victim , a demographic that represents an incredibly small percentage of the population . 
  finally , most rapists are below 40 . 
  essentially , if you are man below 40 with a social life , according to the `` statistics are facts and facts ca n't be biased '' crowd you are basically an automatic rapist and the government should do something about you . 
   non white invaders  muslim arabs and fuckiestanis i think you got lost on your way to stormfront , except even on stormfront you 'd get banned for this . 
  how is he supposed to know ? 
  he uses middle eastern to say `` brown person '' without being as overtly racist , he does n't actually care about geography . 
   the claim that i 'm a persecuted anti-theistic minority ? 
  can you prove that you are sufficiently euphoric though ? 
   the main issue seems to be that the [ journalists ' ] fixer uses a complex encryption system on his personal computer that a lot of isil militants also utilise for strategic communications . 
  what scares me is that this kind of demented rhetoric is n't just confined to barely democratic states whose security services have obvious political agendas , but is being used in europe as well to demonize crypto software . 
  funnily enough , this piece of news was reported only by il giornale , which is an ultra right-wing paper literally owned by berlusconi . 
  to say that they often publish outright falsehoods to drive sales and clicks would be reductive . 
  it 's the daily mail of italy if the daily mail were owned by cameron and run by a chief editor who 's been sanctioned thrice by the journalism board ( the profession 's self-government body ) and sentenced to 1 year and 2 months in prison ( commuted ) for defamation . 
  i 'm not saying the news is necessarily false , i 'm saying i 'll believe it when i see it reported by a publication with some shred of integrity . 
   or an isis cocksucker looking to unload an ak on a crowd of people because his imaginary friend told him to do so has there been any actual or foiled attack by a muslim terrorist who arrived in europe disguised in the middle of this migrant wave ? 
   then that is 3.3 billion that would 've increased their fiscal balance without refugees and debt reduction does n't have an opportunity cost because ... ? 
  the opportunity cost of debt reduction is not investing in the economy . 
  given that germany is borrowing at close to zero or even negative interest rates , it 's actually a far sounder idea to invest into the economy with something that has a good fiscal multiplier rather than cutting debt . 
   you ca n't handwave costs away no matter how hard you try .
