  it can start with the 6 billions we pay into the common budget more than we get back , every year . 
  leave us with our 6 billions and we 'll never ask for help again , pinky promise . 
   italy 's state news agency ansa said . 
  uh , ansa is n't a state news agency , it 's a private wire service . 
  its owners are the various italian newspapers , not the state . 
  that 's not-a a cheese-a . 
  cheese-a has a crust-a . 
  cheese can be an expensive product but making fakes that at least look like high-end cheeses is not that hard . 
  food fraud is a pretty large criminal industry . 
   have you actually read about the role the vatican had in wwi ? 
  yes , are you aware that the vatican was n't the only christian entity in europe at the time ? 
   but it is know that hitler despised christianity anticlericalism is not the same as atheism : hitler hated the catholic church and many of the protestant churches , but he did not despise christainity . 
   an ideology that preaches those despicable things make up your mind : are they `` despicable things '' or are the `` the wisdom of our ancestors '' ? 
   he advised his followers to sell their cloaks and buy a sword as they would face persecution and would have to defend themselves sure , which is why a few scenes later he forbids the use of those very same swords he had ordered his disciples to procure :  52 `` put your sword back in its place , '' jesus said to him , `` for all who draw the sword will die by the sword . '' that sounds like he has totes changed his mind about self-defense , uh ? 
  christ commanded his disciples to procure swords , and told them that two were enough , because he knew he was about to fullfil the prophecy ( by isaiah ) that would see him arrested and executed for leading a band of brigands . 
  two swords would give the appearance of an armed band , but evidently would not be enough to mount any sort of fight against the armed mob that jesus knew was coming for him at the orchard . 
   i am catholic , and as such i 'm instructed to stick to tradition whenever the catholic church and pope may fall into heresy lol no , you are a terribly misguided catholic . 
  the very pillar of your religion , the feature that distinguishes it from other branch of christianity , is the belief that the bishops and the pope who leads them hold authority over the church by way of apostolic succession ; it 's the reason why your creed specifies that the church is `` catholic , ** apostolic ** and roman '' . 
  you are instructed to follow their leadership , to abandon yourself to gross heresy because you find it personally hard to be a faithful catholic . 
   and the great atrocities of the 20th century in europe were perpetrated by pagan or atheistic regimes ah yes , because brutal colonial oppression was famously perpetrated by worshippers of zeus , wwi was a slapfight between atheist clubs and fascist italy was n't a catholic nation when it enacted the first bombardment of civilians with chemical weaponry ( yay go us ) . 
  and i have n't even got to the first third of the century . 
  past that point it becomes a bit like shooting fish in a barrel : it was the very much christian nazi germany that perpetrated the most famous atrocity of the century . 
  inb4 `` nazis were all pagans because muh nazi occultism '' , lol nazi official policy was that only christians could be national socialists . 
   what you call bronze age thinking is the wisdom of our ancestors , some things have been figured out long ago and most of our recent history has centred around replacing what worked for millennia with what sounded good . 
  if you 'd rather go back to `` what worked for millennia '' i suggest you move to one those muslim countries whose religion you seem to so fear and dislike ; there you can enjoy theft punished by amputation , adultery punished by stoning , sodomy punished by beheading and many of the other marvels of the wisdom of our ancestors . 
  me , i 'll stay here with `` what sounded good '' . 
  and this , ladies and gentlemen , is how religious fanatics twist the words of a radical pacifist to justify their violent tendencies . 
  you have christ literally telling you what to do in the most explicit language :  38 `` you have heard that it was said , ` eye for eye , and tooth for tooth . ', 
  39 but i tell you , do not resist an evil person . 
  if anyone slaps you on the right cheek , turn to them the other cheek also . 
  40 and if anyone wants to sue you and take your shirt , hand over your coat as well . 
  41 if anyone forces you to go one mile , go with them two miles . 
  and you know you have these words , because they are among the most famous of christ 's teachings ; but instead you go dig up something totally unrelated , take it out of context and pretend that it is metaphorically instructing you to keep the pagans away . 
  absolutely astonishing . 
  also , are you a catholic ? 
  are you aware of what the catholic church teaches in regards to immigration ? 
  because , spoiler alert , it 's not `` keep them faithless muslims out '' . 
  i 'd rather pick the third side , the one that believes we should n't structure 21st century society according to bronze age thinking . 
  funnily enough , most european christians also pick this side , which is why we fortunately live in a saecular continent rather than a christian continent . 
  when we were a christian continent our human rights record was no better than what the middle east has now . 
   maybe when you grow older you 'll learn to appreciate the teachings of jesus christ i wonder when the defenders of `` christian europe '' will begin to appreciate them . 
  jesus christ preached a fanatical sort of self-sacrifical compassion and instructed his followers in the clearest terms to divest themselves of their possessions to give aid to the poor . 
  he never instructed his followers to set up borders and make sure nobody of the wrong faith crossed them . 
   the idea of universal human rights as the concept is understood today came into existence in renaissance and reformation era europe nope , you are thinking of the idea of natural rights , bestowed onto every human being equally because we are all made equal by god . 
  the idea of human rights as it is understood today dates from the late 18th century and has had considerable elaborations since , in most cases non-religious ( in fact , many human rights deal precisely with the fact that no one conception of religion ought to be imposed , and that religious convictions should n't rule society ) . 
   how biased is the `` neutral '' media in your country ? 
  there are few media outlets that claim neutrality , and of course none of them are . 
  our oldest and largest newspaper , corriere della sera , generally positions itself at the center , which overever is very a specific political side within the italian spectrum and not merely a compromise between two others . 
  the public television 's three main channels are technically supposed to be neutral , but in practice their management is nominated through a highly politicized system that results in a somewhat balanced apportionment of these management positions between people sympathetic to various political parties . 
  there are a few papers and tv programs that take the populist , `` we only speak for the people '' approach , but in practice they end up pushing their agenda and peculiar view of right and wrong , often in a more overt way than more traditionally politically partisan outlets . 
   they are not even really right biased come on now . 
  berlusconi has spent more than 20 years using his tv channels as megaphones which he could employ at any time to say anything without so much as a shred of journalistic integrity standing in his way . 
  he has set his media after judges that had found him guilty , and against his political adversaries . 
  he has kept for decades a rete 4 director that was so comically servile towards berlusconi that he had become a joke , and only replaced him after the man tried to defraud him . 
  mediaset is `` neutral '' so long as berlusconi would rather it make money than work for his political goals . 
  when election season is around , it becomes an obscenely overt propaganda machine . 
  ( and let 's not forget his stuffing of the public tv channels with sympathetic directors when he was in power , whose behaviour was so shamefully partisan that they faced internal revolts from their own staff , many of whom ended up taking political office with berlusconi 's party . ), 
   that is paid to be politicly neutral ( so does north korea ) no , no it does n't , it literally officially does n't . 
  kcna , which is the only news agency in nk , [ `` speaks for the workers ' party of korea and the dprk government '' ] ( http://www.kcna.co.jp/intro.htm ) . 
  and he said unto them , you shall gather round a pine tree , on the day of my birth you shall do this . 
  and you will exchange gifts wrapped in foil , and you shall dine and feast , and hang lamps from your windows . 
  in my name you shall do this . 
  and images ye shall fashion of a fat , bearded man dressed in red . 
  and ye shall tell your children ` lo !, 
  the fat man comes , and he is like one of the saints unto christ , and he bears gifts '' . 
  does this sound like any of the gospels , the acts , or the book of revelation ? 
  have i taken this out of the writings of the fathers of the church , or the saints and theologians of later ages ? 
   secular humanist values like human rights , rule of law , democracy etc have their basis in the universalism of christian ethics . 
  lol que  human rights the concept of natural rights inspired by christianity , but the further elaboration of human rights was first promoted by an atheistic revolution . 
   rule of law far , far predates christianity both as a practice as a philosophical and ethical prescription . 
   democracy come on now , are you joking ? 
  i get not knowing that the idea of `` rule of law '' predates christianity , but who does n't know that the idea and practice of democracy far , far predate it ? 
   i 'll celebrate christmas easter and all that . 
  the christmas and easter celebrations are pretty much their own modern traditions which emerged in the 20th century and have very little to do with the christian faith beyond the date on which they take place . 
   christianity is the result of the evolution of plato 's theories . 
  [ lolwut ] ( http://i.imgur.com/crqzosx.jpg )  approximately wasted 800 years doing nothing since christianity became the answer to all scientific questions this is such an outdated , discredited view of the middle ages . 
  [ this article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_science_in_the_middle_ages#western_europe ) should help clarify that the middle ages were hardly a period of `` doing nothing '' ; philosophical inquiries kept being pursued , including those concerning scientific interests , and advancements were made . 
  the renaissance did n't spring forth fully formed from 800 years of ignorance and blind faith . 
  and there sure was a scientific decline , but it had very very little to do with the prevalence of christianity or its supposed backwardness . 
  the regression in urbanization , the loss of the knowledge of the greek language ( in which most scientific and philosophical texts were written ) and the hightened political instability and fragmentation were much more influential factors . 
  lifeguard at a children 's pool ? 
  donald would `` make '' greece pay for it , and given the current financial situation over there ... 
  good luck finding a resident of vatican city on reddit . 
  there are only a few hundred of them and all are in some capacity or another in service to the church . 
  they are fairly unlikely to end up here . 
  essentially , most of what goes on there is the central administration of the catholic church , the single largest religious organization in the world . 
  vatican residents are virtually all people involved in that job : the members of the curia heading various governmental departments , the secretary of state ( which is a bit like the prime minister , but still with an absolute monarch above him ) , the swiss guard ( i.e. 
  police \\ army ) , the firefighters ( got ta have them right ? 
  ) , a few other odds and ends . 
  there are more citizens than there are residents , for example members of the papal legations ( diplomatic corps ) are given citizenship and a passport at need . 
  then of course there are the scat sex orgies with the spider lizards , but nobody wants to hear about those . 
  yes , yes i am . 
  we are both signatories to the echr , i 'm definitely free to expect that slovakia abide by it . 
  you seem to think that you squandering the money somehow makes it less of a cost to us . 
  6 billions go out of our economy and into yours every year and they are still 6 billions whether you build hospitals or whorehouses with them . 
  to clarify : no , he literally said that `` all these foreigners will be legalized just in time for the election '' , which is literally impossible . 
  the rest is your own addition : his claim was and remains absurd . 
  automation is n't remotely even in sighy the point where we 'll only need engineers and programmers . 
  we are still going to need plenty of electricians , mechanics , welders and other tradesmen who require skills other than the numerate ones . 
   eu funds are vastly overestimated by the west .
