  the * economy * is not exactly his strongest suit , considering he was ousted precisely for his stubborn unwillingness to accept that italy was facing an economic crisis and needed to act before our debt became unsustainable . 
   poor italians . 
  i 'm secretely rooting for trump 2016 so we can have a worldwide embarassment that will make berlusconi pale in comparison . 
  a crass , sexist billionaire with a penchant for ostentatious women as leader of the united states ? 
  berlusconi will die of envy . 
  he still polls well more than a statistical margin of error . 
  the again , he 's the one man that has the money and media support to create a credible right-wing coalition , so if you are a rightwinger in italy you do n't have much of an alternative . 
  if no headline is published about anti-evasion efforts : `` syriza does nothing against evasion !, 
  they 're just like the others ! '', 
  if a headline is published about anti-evasion efforts : `` they 'll amount to nothing ! '', 
  they just ca n't win can they ? 
  southern europe as a literal lazy ass . 
  subtle . 
  yes , and that 's the lower bound , not the upper bound . 
  lol wut at * least * you can say that 69 % of women do n't regret it . 
  that 's literally the lower bound of that study . 
   to demand 65 $ to end a pregnancy and some counselling so the government is sure you really want to make the abortion and that your psychological situation is fine is not in any way unreasonable . 
  yes , it is . 
  the 65 $ are unreasonable because all evidence points to better overall outcomes when access to reproductive services is free ; the forced counseling is unreasonable because all evidence shows that the vast majority of women know full well what they are doing and do n't regret it afterwards . 
  it is highly , highly paternalistic , beside being contrary to evidence , to assume that women generally do n't know what they are doing when they choose to terminate a pregnancy and that there needs to be a counsillor making sure they are of sound mind . 
   which involves dissuading them from taking immediate action what immediate action ? 
  it takes several days , often weeks , to have an abortion scheduled . 
  the procedure is often not even scheduled on the first visit . 
  there is no immediate action to dissuade , it simply is n't real . 
   it shows overwhelmingly that respondents to an abortion study asking them if they regretted their choice are n't those women who regretted their choice . 
  no , this argument does n't really work in this case . 
  the follow-through rate of this study was 69 % ; the initial response rate was 93 % , which is extremely high for any kind of survey . 
  so no , this study shows overwhelmingly that ** women in general ** do n't regret their choice to have an abortion . 
   sure we do . 
  not regarding having had an abortion . 
  demonstrably so . 
   you are basically making it a whole lot harder for the ones who really need it no , the opposite : i want it to be extremely easy for those who need it . 
  a simple yes \\ no box on a form under the line `` there is counseling available if you feel the need to talk about anything , would you like to schedule an appointment ? 
  '' , or something equally as simple and easily presented . 
   while being a minor inconvenience for everyone else no , it 's not a minor inconvenience to be forced to talk about a very personal matter to a stranger when you do n't want to . 
  it 's not minor at all . 
  it makes sense actually . 
  it might very well be the case , and it often actually is , that if you are allowed to charge different prices in different countries ( which is what localized distribution deals amount to ) , then you can get more money than if you were forced to charge one price for the entire region ( as would be the case if they could n't geo-lock ) . 
  for example , in my experience entertainment packages in the uk are more expensive than in italy ( for comparable content ) . 
  this is certainly because companies have judged that those prices are optimal in those respective regions . 
  with pan-european distribution deals , they would either have to raise prices in italy ( and lose customers most likely ) or lower them in the uk ( and lose profits ) . 
  well , to begin with , the eu is n't suing , it 's charging companies ; the eu is the regulator , not a claimant . 
  and the reason it 's charging them is because they all have the ability to negotiate distribution deals that are eu-wide , but are instead negotiating geo-restricted deals . 
  i must be frank and admit that i have no idea to what extent they might be in violation of eu law here , but apparently the commisioner for competition thinks she has a case . 
  no , it 's [ this study ] ( http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0128832#sec013 ) which is a longitudinal study with a final follow-through number of 667 ( meaning that 667 women responded to all scheduled interviews , representing 69 % of initially selected partecipants ) . 
   but if the state is paying for it , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to go through some counselling of course it 's not unreasonable , if you chose it . 
  there should definitely be resources available for women who want to talk about it . 
  but there is literally no need for mandatory counseling . 
  women who 've had abortion do n't regret it in 95 % + of cases . 
  there 's no sense in forcing people to talk about a very private matter with a stranger when neither their present nor future health and wellbeing would be otherwise at risk . 
   oh wait , i forgot , a fetus is not a human if a fetus in any stage of pregnancy is a human , then the greatest medical emergency in all of history is that 30 % + of humans die when implantation fails and the human is expelled with the following menstruation . 
   abortions are not something to be done lightheartedly . 
  they are n't . 
  95 % + of women who 've had an abortion do n't regret it . 
  nobody waltzes into the abortion clinic dancing and singing about the abortion they are about to have . 
  it 's not done on impulse , it takes days to schedule the procedure . 
  it 's already a grimmer and more shameful moment than it needs to be , mostly thanks to people who feel entitled to tell women how they should feel about their reproductive choices . 
  there is no need for mandatory counseling and other barriers to access . 
  it 's a non-problem that is only raised by people who are opposed to abortion on grounds other than `` women are not thinking it through '' . 
   i think counselling is a good thing . 
  the availability of counseling would be a good thing . 
  mandatory counseling is paternalistic and flies in the face of the extremely high percentage ( 95 % + ) of women who do not regret having had an abortion . 
   abortion can be a very knee-jerk reaction to sudden news of pregnancy . 
  i 'm not aware of any medical system in which an abortion can be performed as a knee-jerk reaction to anything . 
  it takes days to have an abortion scheduled , there is already plenty of time for reflection . 
  nobody is pissing on a stick in the morning and having their uterus scraped in the evening . 
   conception . 
  from there on life develops itself from a fetus except the large percentage of fertilized eggs that do n't successfully attach themselves to the placenta and are expelled with the following menstruation . 
  the people who believe that life begins at conception as an anti-abortion argument must surely also believe that the greatest medical crisis of our age is that more than 30 % of `` children '' are spontaneously aborted before gestation even begins . 
   it 's easy to paint it as `` forced '' , but fundamentally , someone who really has thought things through and really does want an abortion , wo n't be dissuaded , because the object of this kind of counselling is n't to dissuade that sort of person . 
  the object of counseling should n't be to dissuade any sort of person , it should be to help a person come to their own deliberation , whichever that may be . 
  additionally , post-abortion studies overwhelmingly show that women do not , by and large , regret the decision ; we do n't have a problem of women making a bad choice , so there is absolutely no need for a system that will dissuade all but the most determined . 
   i do n't think forced counselling is all that bad why should counseling be forced instead of optional ? 
  provide resources for the woman who wants to think about it and see some other perspective , but let it be her choice whether to avail herself of them or not . 
  forced counseling is telling all women that they ca n't possibly be sure of their own decision , which is highly paternalistic . 
  well , for one , it 's not available in every country . 
  there is no netflix in italy , for example . 
  the reason is that content distribution deals have to be negotiated in each country , the madness of which i 'm sure you can appreciate . 
  det sjunde inseglet , better known internationally as [ the seventh seal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_seventh_seal ) . 
  a film that is basically perfect in every respect . 
  literally every single time a big anti-mafia hit makes the international news there 's the guy who says or implies that italy has been doing nothing against organized crime all this time . 
  you guys need to coordinate and choose a moment in time when stopped doing nothing and stick to that , it gets confusing otherwise . 
   this is sort of why krugman is a joke krugman is a joke because you misread him ? 
  here :  finland had a very severe economic crisis at the end of the 1980s this is what he said . 
  here 's you reply :  every country went into a major boom , starting in the early 80 's he 's talking about a crisis in the late '80s . 
  you are talking about a boom in the early '80s . 
  there is a boom in the early '80s and huge depression starting in the late '80s . 
  you are not even engaging with krugman 's actual argument , you are dismissing and ridiculing your misreading of it . 
   i have no idea what actually happened when italy 's started returning migrants to africa years ago , and i 'd rather not know that inconvenient fact ftfy, 
   the leftist solution is to increase the public spending to keep the economy going . 
  it 'd help us for few years but if our exports do n't increase then we 'll basically be in same situation as greece . 
  your public debt is 53 % of gdp . 
  you could have a 10 % deficit for 10 years and you 'd still be a couple of years away from greece . 
  that finland should use stimulus spending to pull itself out of this slump is an absolute no-brainer . 
  you have the credit rating and the low debt to do that without worry . 
   i do n't see how this makes eu a screwup and not greece . 
  you do n't see it because that 's not at all what is being discussed in my post . 
   on the other hand what did eu give to latvia ? 
  [ 2.62 % of your gdp in net transfers every year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients ) . 
   is italy and greece getting finance and resources to deal with the refugees ?
