  these other structures do n't have security facilities of note and they now house most of the arriving immigrants , so that they escape the first or second night . 
  think of old converted hotels , old country villas and so on . 
  when the issue was of manageable size , we were managing it . 
  but italy ca n't be expected to build and run an increasingly large number of immigration centers ( with their attendant running costs : water , electricity , heating , sanitation , food , medical , staff ) for tens of thousands of arrivals every year . 
  i mean , if you just want to stop the boat immigrants the easiest thing by far is to ally with haftar , help him become libya 's dictator and pay him off like we did with geddafi . 
  that stopped the boats pretty well . 
  we could easily scrounge up the money at the eu level , especially since haftar is bound to be cheaper ( as a new guy starting out ) than geddafi . 
  of course the downside is that he 'll put the immigrants in desert concentration camps to slowly cook until they are willing to walk right back into the sahara rather than stay in there . 
  the bossi-fini law sent literally no one back , the only expulsion instrument it had was expulsion with forced transport at the frontier . 
  one of the reasons it was criticized * from the right * was because it was n't sending people back , just taking them to the frontier and hoping they 'd stay out if we asked nicely . 
  no , we did n't . 
  even when we had that horrific deal with geddafi , the only people he imprisoned were the ones he could themselves , and foreign nationals that accepted to be returned to lybia or were denied asylum for not meeting their conditions . 
  we never turned actually refugees to geddafi , which does n't absolve us of pay a dictator to imprison people in the desert , but still . 
  in / r/italy , we autoremove posts from users who are < 1 day old . 
  it has dramatically reduced a trolling problem that we had until literally the day before . 
  relying on anglophone media to understand the internal politics of a non-anglophone country is almost certain to result in disaster . 
  i can see it first hand with italy , where major anglophone publications routinely get everything simply wrong . 
  as long as the rest of europe keeps their russian gas pipelines , we simply have no right to tell greece not to get one themselves . 
  if we want to play the `` unity against putin '' card , then we need to share that burden equally ; we ca n't keep buying cheap russian gas while denying greece the same opportunity . 
  but the turkish official position is that the armenian genocide was n't a genocide , not that it was a genocide but far from the only one at the time . 
  if that were the case , turkey could and would push for * joint * recognition of all the early 20th century genocides that occurred in the territory of the former ottoman empire . 
  instead , it simply refuses to acknowledge the ethinc cleansing of the armenian, 
  i was considering posting this to / r9k / but then i was too lazy to actually do it . 
   the logic behind them is the notion that if we punish them enough with sanctions , the russians will eventually get tired of putin and start protesting in order to replace him with someone else . 
  this is n't remotely the logic behind the sanctions . 
   i thought those books sucked , i always fall asleep in 20 pages or less . 
  i mean i get finding the happy frolicking of frodo across the shire a bit rich , but it 's beyond me how anyone could fall asleep reading this :  suddenly the king cried to snowmane and the horse sprang away . 
  behind him his banner blew in the wind , white horse upon a field of green , but he outpaced it . 
  after him thundered the knights of his house , but he was ever before them . 
  \u00c9omer rode there , the white horsetail on his helm floating in his speed , and the front of the first \u00e9ored roared like a breaker foaming to the shore , but th\u00e9oden could not be overtaken . 
  fey he seemed , or the battle-fury of his fathers ran like new tire in his veins , and he was borne up on snowmane like a god of old , even as orom\u00eb the great in the battle of the valar when the world was young . 
  his golden shield was uncovered , and lo !, 
  it shone like an image of the sun , and the grass flamed into green about the white feet of his steed . 
  for morning came , morning and a wind from the sea ; and the darkness was removed , and the hosts of mordor wailed , and terror took them , and they fled , and died , and the hoofs of wrath rode over them . 
  and then all the host of rohan burst into song , and they sang as they slew , for the joy of battle was on them , and the sound of their singing that was fair and terrible came even to the city . 
  or this :  there , peeping among the cloud-wrack above a dark tower high up in the mountains , sam saw a white star twinkle for a while . 
  the beauty of it smote his heart , as he looked up out of the forsaken land , and hope returned to him . 
  for like a shaft , clear and cold , the thought pierced him that in the end the shadow was only a small and passing thing : there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach . 
  silly putin , that 's the wrong way to go about it . 
  babies are full of baby fat , they are too heavy for dinner . 
  he should have the babies for lunch and the kittens for dinner , as their scrawny muscly bits are far more easily digested . 
  finland has 25 days of statutory minimum vacation time . 
  germany has 20 on the federal level plus a number varying state by state . 
  denmark has 25 . 
  sweden has 25 . 
  norway has 21 . 
  south korea , where samsung is based , has 15 . 
  there 's just no argument for summer vacation time being a significant economic problem . 
  no just that , but people work to live , they should n't have to live to work . 
  let the finns have their summer holydays . 
   but i work/know people who run some business here . 
  and from what i 've heard from them it is a hassle . 
  firing someone * should * be a hassle . 
  if it 's as easy as making the decision to fire , employees effectively have no rights : no right to unionize , because they can be dismissed if they attempt to ; no right to complain about unsafe job conditions , because they can be dismissed if they rise up a stink ; no right to complain about mismanagement or unethical practices , for the same reason . 
  protection from arbitrary firing is where all other labour rights start . 
   i saw how nokia went down . 
  even in the middle of crisis people were able to take month or two off during summer time . 
  nokia went down because employees had summer vacation time ? 
  sure thing . 
  sitting pretty on its initial successes and missing the smartphone train had nothing to do with it , it was people having the right to time off that did them in . 
   but i need to say this working culture is losing battle against competitors . 
  the other nordics and germany , to name a few , all have protections against arbitrary firings , yet they are doing quite well ; if this were as big of a problem as you say , they should be in trouble too . 
  motherfucker , they even edited out his sword and correctly replaced the background ... 
   i think that corruption is a big reason for greek problems , so i guess this is true for italy . 
  why would you think that ? 
  greece has neither a similar economy nor a similar path to the current crisis . 
   besides you said `` interlocked entrenched special interests preventing progress in key sectors '' which is plain simply a form of corruption no , it is n't . 
  lawyers opposing reforms that would make the justice system simpler is n't corruption . 
   did you consider the effect of a large ratio of tourism income on inflation ? 
  i am not an economist , but trying to find common points among the southern european countries i thought of this . 
  the thing is , you ca n't start out by assuming the conclusion . 
  if you assume that the southern countries are similar in their problems and go looking for supporting facts you 'll find just those , but that 's hardly surprsing . 
  if you look at the facts without a preconceived theory , you 'll see that they are instead quite different : spain had a major housing ( and related banking ) bubble explode ; greece had enormously underreported and unsustainable public debt ; italy had practically no growth for a decade coupled with relatively high public debt ( which was n't however hidden ) . 
  it 's three different countries , three different economies , three different crisis points . 
  they 've been arrested precisely because the police do have evidence , namely several eyewitnesses . 
  i know that reddit has a hardon for the idea that eyewitnesses are `` unreliable '' , but as usual that 's taken to the opposite extreme : they should n't be taken at face value , but neither should they be ignored . 
  there might very well be enough evidence from enough mutually corroborating sources to convict them ; there certainly was enough to arrest them . 
   where are the women and children that are fleeing ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  our boats rescue women and children every day , even pregnant women undertake the journey . 
  so you 'd condemn a boat of a 100 + people , including a dozen that resisted the drowing attempt , because a few of them are murderers ? 
  yeah , it does n't seem you do n't feel the need to afford human decency . 
  bureaucracy would be the easiest thing to fix directly , even if it would still piss off * a lot * of people who make their living fueling that bureaucracy . 
  as for the other items , which collectively are probably a bigger problem than bureaucracy , there are things that can be done , but they 'd take more time and act more slowly . 
  yes , our minister for the interior has signed the relevant go-ahead for the investigation , which is required for crimes committed in international waters . 
  basically , the first boat on scene was italian , so we are claiming jurisdiction ( and nobody is likely to contest it ) . 
  and now they are in italian prison accused of multiple homicide , obviously . 
  they have already been arrested and are being investigated for multiple homicide . 
  they 'll never get a european citizenship , italian or otherwise . 
  corruption is kind of a meme in regards to italy by now , but it 's really not the answer in any sense . 
  and the kind of corruption that makes the headlines in the foreign media , like berlusconi and his bunga bunga parties , is not the kind of corruption that harms a company 's ability to perform [ 1 ] . 
  italy 's problem is essentially that [ labour productivity has stagnated since the early 90s ] ( https://i.imgur.com/8crspfk.png ) . 
  the bump after 2008 is companies firing a lot of people and gaining some marginal productivity that way . 
  the answer as to why our labour productivity has stagnated that way is a laundry list of items , but they are much more mundane and boring than flamboyant corruption : dwarfism of our companies , backwardness of the domestic credit market , absurdly byzantine bureaucracy , interlocked entrenched special interests preventing progress in key sectors . 
  [ 1 ] and in case someone is about to make the usual pedantic reddit argument like `` but in some sense we could say it does because it reduces the credibility of italy etc. 
  '' : yes , sure , but we are talking main causes , first order effects here , and it 's not one of those . 
  he has pushed through some reforms , most recently a labour market reform . 
  but for all the hype he has built and all the triumphant language , there have been little results to show for it : unemployment is still rising , the economy * might * perhaps not contract this year but we do n't really know , other key indicators are not improving significantly or at all . 
  answering why can only result in a political and thus partisan answer , so that being said here 's mine . 
  italy is like an old piece of furniture which has been neglected for too long and is showing cracks .
