   it 's hard to not generalise about the `` lazy black man '' stereotype when you see shit like this to be fair . 
  it 's not very hard at all . 
  do you normally generalize all white people as drunks ? 
  yet we commit a disproportionate amount of duis ( [ using us statistics because they are the easiest to find broken down by race ] ( https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2011/crime-in-the-u.s.-2011/tables/table-43 ) ) . 
  nope , they really did fail to collect taxes . 
  their tax receipts were a very small percentage of gdp , not simply very small in absolute terms . 
  their spending/gdp was actually in line with the rest of europe before the crisis , they just financed a disproportionate amount of it with debt and too little with taxes . 
  where do you live ? 
  blu has worked all over ; he 's originally from italy but he has murals up a good chunk of europe and several other continents . 
   germany is the largest recipient with more than 173,000 asylum applications in 2014 alone . 
  ** despite countries like greece and italy struggling with thousands of arrivals on their shores ** , they received respectively almost a third ( 63,660 ) and an eighteenth ( 9,450 ) of germany 's applications . 
  where 's the surprise ? 
  we do n't only deal with people who end up claiming asylum here , but also with those that move away . 
  according to frontex , 170.000 people were saved from the sea in 2014 by italy . 
  that means that we rescued , treated , hosted , clothed and fed not just 64.000 asylum applicants , but also 106.000 more people who did not apply for asylum . 
  most of those people will have attempted to move abroad , but they still took up space in our immigration centers , required food , water and medicine , tied up police , translators and other personel to attempt to detain and identify them . 
   do you have any doubt that people would jump at that opportunity without even blinking ? 
  yes , i do in fact think that if we truly enacted that system , the number of people taking up the offer would be in the low thousands and the number who would remain in the system beyond three months would be in the low hundreds . 
   i mean , how 's swedish housing problem lately ? 
  i do n't know , but any swede who thinks he 's being shortchanged should be able to get into refugee housing on equitable terms with the refugees . 
  the previous version of the article , which has since been edited , said that the man was one of the gens du voyage . 
  i could translate that with the ambiguous `` traveller '' or the clearer `` roma '' ( other papers straight-up said roma ) . 
  [ le monde article ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/police-justice/article/2015/08/25/trois-morts-dans-une-fusillade-dans-la-somme_4736488_1653578.html ) : - shooting between a ~ ~ roma ~ ~ ( previous version said roma , but it 's being revised ) man and two policemen ( gendarmes ) , with a roma woman and child among the wounded - causes so far unknown - happened around 16.30 in roye , a town in north-eastern france, 
   hate and anger usually comes from the governement having double standards : cutting pensions , salaries , raising taxes , cutting public services , allowing doctors to charge you more per visit , not giving some financial support to the poor natives , forcing you to work more per week and during your life , not giving free accomodation to the 200,000 + homeless people living in france for example , all for the sake of an ever-growing debt that never seems to stabilize yet providing a lot for free to migrants ( healthcare , food , accomodation , education ) i 've been saying for a while that anyone who feels that a refugee is more privileged than himself should have the ability to switch places with one . 
  what a load of self-righteous , self-aggrandizing crap . 
  your neighbors have been asking for help with putting down a fire for years , but now that you 've decided you might want to throw them a few buckets of water you are acting scandalized that their house is n't so safe to enter anymore ? 
  if your government had started helping us barbarians years ago , when we started telling you we did n't have the resources to deal with this issue alone , we would n't * have * overcrowded immigration centers and all the other issues that make our treatment of refugees `` inhumane '' . 
  you want a medal because you 've finally got off your ass ? 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/sy9lvl4 ) , consider yourself acknowledged . 
  italy 's a stunning country and i 'll probably die before i stop getting my breath taken away by some new corner of it . 
  it 's packed so full of beauty you start discounting what elsewhere would be considered a highlight because there 's something better just a little away . 
  you get to have snowy caps , rolling plains and stunning beaches within a day 's ride , and along the road you can stop in cities bursting with three millennia of history . 
  there 's all the food you can dream of , and the lifestyle is pretty relaxed . 
  there 's nothing i hate about it . 
  its ills are the result of not even two centuries of idiocy and malignity , but they do n't take precedence over many centuries of greatness and beauty that have crusted over it like a fine embroidery . 
  i 'll be damned before i let the ruffians and the cretins take that away from me . 
   and then start causing problems what problems ? 
  if you are referring two a hundred people demonstrating in the suburbs of milan , you might need to reconsider what the average tuesday is like here . 
   crime skyrocketing crime has been on the decline for decades and there 's no sign the trend is changing . 
   movements like `` sharia4italy '' start popping up we have had millions of muslims for decades , no sharia4italy movements as far as i know . 
  meanwhile , you ca n't get your morning after pill because of catholic lobbying . 
   how do you think the problems of unemployment and corruption will be solved ? 
  i do n't think they will be solved , because the parties with a chance at governing have incredibly wrong economic plans . 
  that has nothing to do with immigration though . 
  in fact , the two big anti-immigration parties are the ones who were responsible for our 2011 sovereign debt crisis and their economic plans have n't gotten smarter since . 
   there is a reason why these organizations operate from out of italy and not out of france . 
  yes , and it 's because the migrants are leaving from the north african coast close to sicily and not from the non-existing north african coast close to france . 
  but you have n't answered my question :  i 'm sure you will now coherently argue that france should keep those people it saves in its own country , wo n't you ? 
   and there 's no more effective way to teach them that than with batons beside the fact that batons used to `` teach '' lessons do n't exactly have the most illustrious history here , did you not see the police charging the migrants with batons ? 
  it 's at the beginning of the video . 
   it 's also time that italian navy stopped fishing people out of the mediterranean there are four british ships taking part in triton , which is a eu mission , not an italian one . 
   we should definitely give them more money they are not asking for more money nor does op 's video state that at any point . 
   they must earn it all , they must start working the protest is literally and directly about asking for residence permits , which would allow these people to work legally . 
  yeah , because it 's immigrants causing our problems . 
  it 's because of immigrants that i could n't find a decent paying job in italy , despite my field being one where none of these poor bastards has even a chance of getting their foot in the door . 
  it 's because of immigrants that we ca n't seem to build any infrastructure without massive time and cost overruns . 
  it 's because of immigrants that our media is a complete joke own by a few powerful people who shamelessly employ it for political gains . 
  yeah , it sounds like it 's immigrants that we need to snap about . 
  [ according to our media ] ( http://milano.corriere.it/notizie/cronaca/15_agosto_24/fulvio-testi-protesta-migranti-bloccata-strada-traffico-tilt-e519a7f0-4a3c-11e5-bdc5-ee9c5a368093.shtml ) , this improvised demonstration is over a few things : - the migrants are asking for a residency permit ( as one of the signs shown testifies ) - the migrants claim their original documents were taken during initial processing , which is preventing them from going through certain bureaucratic procedures ( another signs is asking for this ) - they claim that they are living in rooms with leaking roofs , so that water gets in when it 's raining - they also claim that those living in tents are overcrowded corriere della sera is also saying that the police is not allowing journalists within the immigration center . 
  the demonstration lasted from the early morning until 11 am , when the migrants returned to the center ; they tried to go out again but were blocked in by the police . 
  the center hosts a mixed group of 150 migrants coming from afghanistan , bangladesh , senegal and mali for the most part . 
  around 100 of them took part in the demonstration . 
  it 's an interesting opinion , with the only defect that it 's based on fantasy . 
  triton , the search and rescue mission that is saving ( without the scare quotes ) thousands of people from the mediterranean , is a eu operation ; france partecipates with two of its own ships . 
  i 'm sure you will now coherently argue that france should keep those people it saves in its own country , wo n't you ? 
  there has n't been a time that i went there and did n't think i wanted to move there . 
  we should do a longevity get together with iceland and sweden and make little long-lived blonde babies with moustaches and a natural affinity for pizza . 
   according to a letter from germany 's interior ministry seen by die welt newspaper  `` refugees were slipped the money under the advice that they would go to germany , '' the letter , addressed to refugee advisors , said . 
  oh ok , so there is literally no evidence whatsoever , just as expected . 
  a ridiculous chain of allegations ( die welt claims to have seen a letter which claims that refugees claimed that ... ) , with no material evidence , no eyewitnesses , no official confirmation , no corroboration by interior ministry sources , nothing at all beyond the allegation itself . 
  frankly i 'm amazed at the stuff that some people would believe . 
  millions of euros ( $ 500 per migrant times a few thousands ) * in cash * are supposed to have been taken out of some italian government account , transported to one or more immigration centers , and distributed directly to migrants . 
  not one italian involved in this egregious procedure is supposed to have spoken up , despite the fact that any newspaper would cover them in gold for the news . 
  not one migrant partecipating in this scheme is supposed to be available to testify , even though any german newspaper would cover him in gold for the news . 
   and holy shit is that bertolli crap disgusting in comparison . 
  bertolli oil is widely considered trash even here . 
  there are plenty of italian supermarket brands that we do n't even like , but get exported a lot because they have the logistics to end up in foreign supermarkets . 
  with hundreds of thousands of `` inferior '' immigrants into the country , this pair of lions chose to gang up on a woman with her two children . 
  and they had to get drunk to summon up that impressive courage . 
  lots of ehre going on here , eh ? 
  could you post the source of that screenshot ? 
  i think i 'd like to read that article . 
   they did it before no , we did nothing of the sort . 
   it was widely publicised go ahead and show your sources then . 
  if it was pretty widely publicised you should be able to quickly produce several high quality sources . 
   but no , of course they wo n't even register them , they will just give them money for a train and send them to germany . 
  unsourced outright falsehoods should indeed be removed . 
  they serve literally no purpose beyond dishonestly pushing an agenda . 
   radical opinion : community upvotes and downvotes determine the `` quality '' of a submission . 
  this is the fable of the reddiquette , in reality people up or downvote based on their degree of agreement with the content . 
  shitty low-quality comment that panders to a significant portion of the userbase is going to get upvoted regardless . 
  even content straight-up lying or editorialized beyond recognition gets upvoted , because most people stop at the headline . 
  i think we absolutely need to enforce minimum quality standards : news content should specify what 's happening , where , when , who 's involved and why it 's happening , to the best of what is available at the moment . 
  it should either be in english or provide a translation of the title and a brief summary of the content . 
  and it should n't be straight-up false or fabricated . 
  stuff like that simply serves to keep the absolute shit out , shit that * would * get upvoted ( and create endless pointless debates based on information that is n't there ) because it can very easily pander to a voting block . 
   but it 's something he did not . 
  but it 's something that did not necessitate a permanent removal of the submission , just a delisting with a message to add the necessary information . 
   point is it 's information i would have had to gather in a different way you would have had it if op had provided the translations i mentioned . 
   i am actually doing other stuff in the meantime come on , that 's not the video 's fault .
