  as we 're about to legalise gay marriage , nobody really pays attention to the coe anymore anyway . 
  immigrants , at least first generation , often have higher crime rates than the native population because they are poorer and less educated . 
  once you reduce poverty and increase education crime is reduced , it really has nothing to do with culture . 
   why not clearly support homosexuals ? 
  where are those imams ? 
  where are the lesbians imams who refuse to circumcise ? 
  again it may be different in sweden ( le atheist socialist paradise etc :p ) but out church leaders are very much against homosexuality , or at least gay marriage , as are out muslims . 
  i believe the jewish faith is a lot more open to the idea ( do n't quote me on this ) but jews are very often more liberal than most religions . 
  circumcision is a tricky one , t is part of the muslim and jewish faiths , but it still seems pretty barbaric so i do n't really know on that one . 
   i can go on and on about the lack of female precence [ sic ] for one thing , and that is just one thing i can criscise [ sic ] . 
  again our church ( or the laity to be precise ) voted against female bishops . 
  whilst i do agree islam does have some backwards views when it comes to women , it is n't any different ** in a secular state ** to that of christianity ( in the uk at least ) . 
   not exactly the case in saudi/iran or among the muslims here etc is it ? 
  hard to compare a secular democracy to an islamist dictatorship but yes certain middle eastern countries views on a lot of things are completely insane . 
  if there was a similar christian dictatorship i ca n't imagine it would be all sun and rainbows but there we go . 
  i 'm having fun debating this btw . 
  it was news to me too , quite active as well . 
  this is why a lot of europeans dislike americans , you 're unnecessarily confrontational and sound pretty cocky . 
  but the vast majority of muslims do n't base their entire life on islam the same as the vast majority of christians do n't base their entire life on christianity . 
   i thought they had quit and commited no attacks in 2012 . 
  you 're right i apologise . 
   in spain , the ceasefire announced by euskadi ta askatasuna ( eta , basque fatherland and liberty ) on 20 october 2011 held . 
  in 2012 the group carried out no terrorist attacks . 
  counter-terrorist activity , at national and international level , continued in 2012 and resulted in a number of arrests . 
  it was galician sepratists  resist\u00eancia galega ( rg ) continued to carry out terrorist attacks in galicia in 2012 , in volumes similar to 2011 , mainly using improvised explosive devices ( ieds ) and iids . 
  the bulgarian bombings took place in 2012 , they are not specified in the stats because  `` an attack in bulgaria claimed the lives of seven people in july 2012 . 
  at the time of writing the responsibility for this attack was not determined , although indications suggest possible links to hezbollah . '' . 
  though currenty , according to europol  according to the europol , forensic evidence and intelligence sources all point to hezbollah 's involvement in the blast . 
  though hezbollah deny the allegations ( not suprising really ) . 
  assuming that the bulgarian attack are relgiously motivated that takes the total deaths from religiously motivated attacks to 15 for 2012 . 
   eight people lost their lives as a result of attacks related to religiously inspired terrorism . 
   as someone else pointed out , it is not the fear of terror attacks , but a lot of other stuff , including the rethoric , anti - feminism , honour killings ( i know not all of them are commited by muslims , but they are certainly over represented ) female circumscion ( same there ) etc. 
  far more than being the fear of dying in a subway , it has to do with having the feeling that our basic values and our way of life under attack . 
  i do agree but i 'm just sick of how all muslims are apparently to blame for this . 
  when a christian leader condemns gay people or says women should n't be allowed abortion not all christians are also tarred with the same brush , whereas it seems that 's not the case when it comes to muslims . 
  true , but you also have ~ ~ basque separatists ~ ~ galician separatists in spain , various far right wing and left wing groups as well as the ni bombing campaign that seems to be heating up again . 
  i just wanted to highlight that the vast majority of attacks or potential attack are not executed by muslims . 
  it 's not exactly terrifying when the only successful european terrorist attacks this year committed by muslims have involved a single death . 
  i 'm speaking as a brit here but sharia controlled zones are a complete myth , they do not exist . 
  i think a secular government should have no problem with religious politicians as long as they do not let their views affect their work , obviously that 's idealistic but the majority of muslim politicians are moderates , like their christian and jewish colleagues . 
  most people are islamophobic ( if by islamophobic we mean a hatred towards muslims ) because they are ignorant . 
  i 'm no fan of islam ( or any religion tbh ) but i have no problem with muslims because they worship a faith . 
  i hope we do n't get involved , the last thing europe needs is to arm the rebels who have a lot of islamists in their ranks . 
  but assad is no better an i ca n't imagine he 'll be particularly pleased with europe if he wins . 
  we still spend between 3rd and 4th on military expenditure in the world , with france been either 3rd or 4th depending on who stats you look . 
  we can defend ourselves , europe and have limited force projection capabilities in the local region . 
  the us spends enough on its military so it can threaten almost every non major power , it 's not a defense force but a force of gunboat diplomacy . 
  we are in a period of austerity , cuts are been made to services across the board , it 's more to do with tory ideology than an actual sound economic policy . 
  europe can easily defend itself , it does n't need the us . 
  and frankly i 'm not particularly pleased about government military intervention with other countries , i 'd rather they spent money on british people than power projection . 
  but we can and do intervene without us support , libya was a european run operation as was mali . 
  actually a major reason we are still in recession is because of our useless economic policies , certainly in britain we 've gone full austerity even though every expert has told us it 's not working the current government ignores it to for fill their ideological crusade . 
  europe has a very strong military in the uk , france and germany and has no problem intervening locally without us support , we already support our own armies and do n't rely on the us for defence . 
  both the uk and france have nuclear weapons . 
  the welfare state and universal health care has ensured that europe is frankly a fairer place than the us , we do n't have people going bankrupt to save their lives for example . 
  you 've never had a decent welfare state like europe . 
  plus your culture seems to be all about the individual striving for success and the only reason the poor are poor is because they 're lazy . 
  the american dream i guess . 
  wales has gone an interesting direction and made it illegal to display cigarettes . 
  they 're all now behind opaque shutters and you ca n't browse anymore . 
  coming from a young smoker i think it 's quite a good idea . 
  the stockholm `` riots '' are just a few kids burning things according to all the swedes i 've heard . 
  most of the nation 's that enforce the rules of islam are totalitarian dictatorships , that might have something to form with the levels of unrest . 
  shhh do n't tell people :p, 
  to be fair us europeans do hate everybody , britain hates france and germany , france hates britain , germany wants to anschluss everybody , then we have the scandinavians who seem to love killing each other . 
  as in from prison , realistically they will not spend their entire life in prison . 
  perhaps you do n't read the papers or the news but attacks are thwarted a lot and mentioned a lot . 
  the security services in the uk like the brag about it anyway . 
  i doubt it , the same as 7/7 did n't cause any problems afterwards . 
  i doubt we 're going to have an epidemic of muslim attacks anymore than happened after 9/11 and 7/7 . 
  then you 've got the cost of imprisonment etc. 
  i guess imprisoned then deported once released . 
  two wounded , one in a serious condition . 
   edit : not to be a `` dooms-day '' guy . 
  but this could potentially trigger a race war . 
  just like the 9/11 and july 7th bombings did ... 
  they 're likely uk citizens . 
  but if they are foreign nationals then they should be deported after a fair trial . 
  and jeff is fairly well known around here anyway . 
  definitely not a fake account . 
  hahaha . 
  this is literally identical to the german rhetoric about the yellow peril in the late 19th and early 20th century . 
  it 's the exact same arguments made by white supremacists over a hundred years ago . 
  if i was channelling hitler i 'd suggest removing all the poles and using their land as lebensraum . 
   [ -- ] spaceroid [ s ] [ h ] 0 points 10 minutes ago  it did n't . 
  i was banned for an unrelated thread . 
  but i promise when we get the green light i wo n't rest until every muslim is dead along with sick lying cunts like you . 
  can we swap you for a syrian muslim refugee ? 
  you can even try and kill some muslims at the same time !, 
  much of our right-wing press hates eastern europeans for the exact same reason they hate brown people . 
  they 're `` different '' from us and that 's scary . 
  i know all that it 's all crap , all the eastern europeans i know are great people . 
  the danes are worse than the czechs and poles . 
  i 'm just winding up the eastern european racists by throwing their arguments back at them . 
  they get annoyed when they 're talked about like they 're sub-human . 
  weird that . 
  born in eastern europe ( ex-communist , much poorer ) - slavic heritage , not really white , generally catholic ( not protestant ) , extremely homophobic-tends to be a lot more racist , polish and czech are totally different languages from french or english , polish and czech gangs rob everyone ( according to our tabloids anyway ) , eager to steal our jobs , in a union that was forced onto the public . 
  we did n't want a union with eastern europe in the first place , just western europe . 
  it 's quite easy to be prejudice as fuck towards eastern europeans , much of the uk is at least . 
  it 's not nice is it ?
