  countries spy on other countries , always have done always will do . 
  nobody is going to give up a potential military and diplomatic advantage first . 
  we ca n't predict the future , we do n't know how long the eu will last , it 's best to ensure our countries defence against even the unlikely threat from within the eu . 
  because europe has n't historically been a very unstable place or anything ... 
  and how long is this country going to be an ally ? 
  we still compete with our allies on the diplomatic circuit , if spying gets us the upperhand on them we 'll keep on spying . 
  so you 're angry that your particular , i imagine fringe views , are not represented in parliament ? 
  well do something about it instead of moaning on the internet and doing nothing . 
  attempt to get people to support your viewpoint , get your choice of representative elected , try and get support for different voting system like av or pr . 
  the reason the west is capitalistic is because no other system works , socialism failed miserably and led to dictatorships and ruined eastern europe and the ussr , china is a capitalist society with a large number of government run industries but with a communist political system , western europe are all social democracies . 
  elected my local mp and am , managed to change our councillor from a tory to a labour representative , and i also actively campaign on behalf of the local labour party . 
  i 'm actually doing something i believe in and hopefully getting more people to vote for the party that represent most of my views . 
  what have you achieved with not voting ? 
  countries spy on other countries , always have done always will do , that 's part of international relations . 
  people who do n't vote and do n't participate in the political landscape whatsoever are hilarious . 
  you 're not going to change anything by doing nothing . 
  i was quite amused . 
  when did i justify mass murder haha, 
  godwin 's law in the second comment . 
  brilliant . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  human beings being different and wanting power is what makes us go to war . 
  it 's human nature . 
  if you 're expecting a country to act morally you 're an idiot . 
  countries only act to benefit themselves , always have done always will do . 
  but it 's a foreign country . 
  our own intelligence services should protecting us from this . 
  if the americans are doing it and not getting caught imagine what the russians and the chinese are doing ? 
  you ca n't expect a nation state to act morally and it 's the job of your government to ensure they do n't fuck over your country or your citizens . 
  if that means signing a treaty that wo n't be followed sure , whatever makes you sleep at night . 
  but realistically the only way to stop this is to ensure our intelligence services are n't fucking useless at their jobs . 
  now domestic spying is a whole different problem . 
  your own government spying on their own citizens is bad news . 
  a foreign government spying on foreign citizens is literally the job of a spy agency . 
   why exactly should the countries who are being spied upon to such an extent not care ? 
  because we 're doing the exact same thing ? 
  because it 's a purely diplomatic thing with no real legitimate anger beyond `` you got caught , we have to do something to punish you '' . 
  how do us spying affect you personally ? 
  this is n't your own government spying on you this is a foreign government that may or may not ( likely may not ) be capturing part of your internet traffic and feeding it into an automated system were it will likely never ever be looked at and then discarded shortly after . 
  the us government may or may not be spying on your national government in which case your intelligence agency is failing to do their job . 
  if our allies can spy on us for years the russians and chinese can too , and they 're not going to have a `` whistleblower '' reveal anything about their foreign intelligence program . 
  and there 's plenty of other people who are not surprised . 
  what 's your point ? 
  because it 's a us issue . 
  it 's a foreign spy agency spying on foreign countries . 
  how are we meant to have an affect on that ? 
  why should we have an affect on that ? 
  it 's not domestic spying ( in this case ) it 's countries doing what countries do . 
  [ seriously , we knew about stuff like this in 2005 . 
  ] ( http://arstechnica.com/uncategorized/2005/12/5791-2/ ), 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's literally exactly how anybody who has looked into this stuff at all has imagined . 
  frankly i 'm surprised gchq are storing data for only 3 days and meta for only 30 . 
  the only thing that has made me go wtf is the nsa trying to break key encryption protocols at the source which is really really dangerous for the internet and the economy in general . 
  it 's just not at all surprising for anybody who knows anything about the intelligence community or their history that foreign spy agencies are doing this . 
  they 've been doing this for years and every high ranking politician and diplomat should expect to be targeted with surveillance by a foreign spy agency . 
  the fact that the us managed to do this to the germans for 10 years is surprising because it just shows that the germans were pretty incompetent when it came to counter-espionage . 
  what does `` have sympathy with the `` feelings and motives '' of the suicide bombers '' even mean ? 
  that they understood why they did it but do n't agree with them ? 
  i have sympathy with the `` feelings and motives '' of people attacking troops in afghanistan , does n't mean i agree that they should be doing that . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  a foreign spy agency is doing their job and * gasp * shock horror , spying on you !, 
  that 's fine . 
  it 's just that people who identify themselves as fascists are not democratic and their whole ideology is based on racism . 
  nope he never had anywhere close to a majority , in fact it was only after a fire allegedly started by a communist ( though it 's very debatable if that 's the truth , the nazis quite possibly started it ) that hitler gained power . 
  he had to arrest all the communist deputies ( voting members of the reichstag ) , stop many of the social democrats from voting and change the rules about absent deputies , and then line the halls of the reichstag with sa before the enabling act was voted in , essentially making hitler a dictator . 
  there was literally fighting on the streets between fascists and communists in the years leading up to the enabling act being passed , it took a probable false-flag attack , arrest of the third largest party in the reichstag and intimidation during voting for the act before hitler became a dictator . 
  i hate this myth that hitler was elected . 
  pretty much anything that has the aim of removing the ability to elect a leadership with different parties should be stopped . 
  so yes communism should be fought against as it does aim to remove democratic institutions . 
  nope the people do , by electing representatives who vote on laws restricting the usage of speech . 
  in the uk for instance it 's racially abuse people . 
  i 'm not a fascist piece of shit . 
  free speech and political ideology has its limits , fascism caused the deaths of millions , all measures should be used to stop fascism rising again . 
  if fascists are less likely to express their views that 's fine by me . 
  they use violence and intimidation to further their disgusting political , it 's about time they had a taste of their own medicine . 
  not only the ussr but china , north korea , cambodia the eastern european soviet puppet states and vietnam among others . 
  essentially every socialist regime there was mass killings and political repression on an epic scale . 
   ussr was quashing political dissent only . 
  murdering people who believe in a different political system is ok because they have a choice . 
  between 85 and 100 million , there were between 20 and 45 million deaths in china alone thanks to mao 's inept leadership and communist policies of grain centralisation . 
  i 'm not arguing which ones worse though ( definitely fascism ) , i 'm just saying that both fascism and socialism are totalitarian systems that brutally repress their citizens and remove their human rights . 
  it 's the capitalist societies that respect human rights and are democratic . 
  capitalism can and does work with socialist policies of welfare , free health care and government run industries . 
  are you a stalinist or something ? 
  you seem to be defending the soviet union an awful lot in this thread . 
  edit : ah zombie_lenin , that explains a lot . 
  soviet russia and communism in general is responsible for more deaths than any other ideology in the 20th century . 
  it 's wonderful in theory but fatally flawed in reality , it always degenerates into a repressive dictatorship were thousands are killed or locked up for their political beliefs . 
  in my opinion it is no better than fascism . 
  before installing totalitarian soviet puppet states for the next 50 years . 
  the ussr was n't much better than nazi germany . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  not in europe and we 're talking about european hate speech laws . 
  it is an interesting quite controversial discussion to be honest . 
  i 'm not downvoting you by the way , somebody else is . 
  kind of ironic considering we 're discussing limits on free speech ... 
  i frankly prefer the european system , it helps to protect minorities from racism and discrimination and ensures those views can not be spread around legally . 
  the guy burnt down churches and murdered somebody and was espousing racist view from a young age . 
  i 've not seen any reports that the guy is mentally ill , he just seems like your standard violent neo-nazi .
