  plus we can pick and choose who we let in , we have a huge number of skilled workers coming in from china and india . 
  hang on the fall of the roman empire was due to internal politics and persistent attacks by germanic tribes , it had nothing to do with some kind of change in genetics . 
  and as digenisakritas said historians no longer use the term dark ages , it does n't really mean anything . 
  we do n't have the power to interfere with other countries politics , but we certainly would if we could . 
  i do n't really care about the spying program , i 'm more talking about the us backed coups ( not that we did n't do that in iran ) and bombing of random middle eastern countries as well as just generally bullying smaller countries . 
  oh and the huge human rights violations that is guantamamo . 
  they are going to overtake the us when it comes to their economy but yes i do agree they are n't going to be able to match the us when it comes to power projection on a global scale anytime soon . 
  interestingly they are going in a different direction and concentrating heavily on antiship missiles to neutralise the threat that us carriers pose . 
  i guess we hoped for change , then it turns out obama is a liar like all the other politicians . 
  has anybody ever trusted the americans ? 
  possibly in the clinton years but we just went from the cold war ( violent , imperialist , overthrew democratically elected governments because communism ) to the war on terror ( wars for oil , drone strikes , bullying other countries to do whatever america wants and now spying ) . 
  i 'm almost looking forward to the chinese becoming the number 1 world power , they ca n't be any worse than the americans . 
  i guess because there 's a fairly large spanish speaking minority in the us so it makes sense to add spanish . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_language_in_the_united_states 67 million speakers , 20 percent of the population . 
  atlantic to the urals you say . 
  sounds familiar . 
  son of a bitch american american is pig do you want a hamburger ? 
  do you want a pizza ? 
  american is pig disgusting barack hussein obama is a murderer fucking u.s.a, 
   most european car manufacturers test their cars for winter conditions around that area . 
  so there are a couple of big hotels that are shining-esque during the summer and packed with germans during winter . 
  i bet the bastards still get up at six in the morning and lay their towels down on the benches . 
  there 's no american news allowed but the comments make sure america is always mentioned . 
  reddit defaults are shite . 
  if architecture had political views these buildings would be leaning fairly far to the right . 
  they are ... imposing to say the least . 
  i love playing strategy games then making news stories in my head based on the in game statistics . 
  our science budget has just been frozen again in the latest spending review . 
  i hate the shortsightedness of politicians , i want some scientists and engineers in office for once . 
  some of the pakistani regions are completely under islamist control . 
  the government is struggling to stay in control of parts of its country . 
  and they have nuclear weapons as well . 
  it 's terrifying when you think about it . 
  22/25 articles on the / r/europe frontpage have nothing to do with the uk . 
  of the other three two are about nsa/gchq spying and one is about gay marriage in the uk . 
  the thing is every economic expert has told our government austerity is n't working and wo n't work but our government continues in its crusade to privatise everything and cut public services . 
  at the moment interest rates are so low on bonds we should be borrowing to kickstart the economy . 
  once we actually have some growth then start slowly reducing expenditure and paying back debt . 
  according to the americans we have n't got enough guns . 
  i ca n't walk the down a street in the uk without being stabbed apparently . 
  i 've formed an opinion based on what i 've read in the papers and heard on the news . 
  i have n't had time to fully research the issue . 
  i am the same as the `` vast majority of people '' . 
  i never claimed i was n't . 
  now something like nuclear power or renewable energy i could argue for hours about that and source everything because it 's an area i 'm interested and have studied in depth . 
  well the vast majority of people form their views based on what they read in the papers or hear on the news . 
  the vast majority of people do n't fully understand issues because they do n't have the time to spare . 
  so they read their paper of choice or watch their news show of choice , which all have their own biases and influence how people think . 
  to argue that people are not influenced by the media is stupid . 
  most people are thick plain and simple , they are n't going to be reading into an issue they 'll be repeating the opinion column they read in a paper and immigrants are an easy scapegoat in tough economic times , they always have been throughout history . 
  sure there 's a debate to be had on immigration just the vast majority of the population have no idea what they are talking about . 
  no , just in the uk the vast majority of the anti-immigrant rhetoric comes from right wing politicians and papers like the mail and the telegraph . 
  the media influences people a lot and it 's certainly responsible for a lot of the ill feeling towards immigrants . 
  they 've just noticed how well it 's working everywhere else ... 
   our suggestion that we should ignore the fact that they are immigrants and have media censor their reporting of nationalities or status shows the real problem . 
  did i ? 
  i just said that regardless of nationality if somebody is caught cheating the system they should be punished accordingly . 
   first of all , it 's not `` from the right '' , it 's from people who think that being honest is important . 
  it 's mainly from the right wing news media and right wing politicians . 
  i would n't say i 'm mad , slightly indignant maybe . 
  i 'm just bored of the `` blame everything on the immigrants '' rhetoric coming from the right . 
  because our tabloids sell more papers when they blame everything on immigrants as their readership is old and racist . 
  also as a country we 're pretty egotistical and know that all the immigrants want to come here because we 're the best country in europe . 
  how about we discriminate against people cheating the system instead . 
  why do the rest of you scandinavians even need to get involved ? 
  finland did pretty well on its own last time . 
  shame they killed so many emperors and were responsible for installing a fair few of them too . 
  wait one man got decapitated ( by a non immigrant mind ) and now all immigrants are decapitating people . 
  because that makes perfect sense . 
  yeh russia 's no better , just they have n't got the global reach of the us atm . 
  i imagine china will eventually challenge the uss global reach within the next 20 years . 
  whilst lobbying does happen in the uk it does n't seem as bad as in the us were it seems to be little more than sanctioned bribery . 
  to be fair i think most of the world 's countries consider the us an unfriendly country . 
  there is so much wtf here . 
  as soon as a leader starts referring to protestors as terrorists he 's lost any sort of legitimacy . 
  kind of . 
  arstechnica did a report on mega 's encryption a while ago and it was the deduplication part that worried them . 
  `` there 's another issue besides identity spoofing : mega 's terms of service contain the following puzzler : 8 . 
  our service may automatically delete a piece of data you upload or give someone else access to where it determines that that data is an exact duplicate of original data already on our service . 
  in that case , you will access that original data . 
  this sounds a lot like deduplication -- only storing each unique chunk of data once to save storage space . 
  the aes-128 encryption used for the node data blocks should ensure that every encrypted block is unique , even encrypted blocks made up of two copies of the same file . 
  if mega only sees encrypted data , which by definition is all completely unique , how then can they be `` deduplicating '' it ? 
  is something fishy going on ? 
  there is a lengthy discussion at hacker news on the subject , which has a number of theories , including that mega is using convergent encryption to identify non-unique blocks , or that the service 's cbc-mac-based integrity checking is used as the basis for deduplication ( though this does n't seem like it would work across accounts , since cbc-mac uses the user 's encryption key , and the same block processed with two different keys would yield two different macs ) . 
  whatever the underlying method , the fact that block deduplication exists is a blow against the `` see no evil '' approach taken by mega . 
  by itself , a global method of identifying specific data does n't necessarily mean anything ; however , the implication is that a uniquely identifiable thing can be derived from any given piece of data . 
  this returns some burden to mega -- rather than throw up its hands and say that it has no idea what mega users alice or bob have in their mega accounts , there apparently is a way of telling whether or not bob and alice have the same file or files . 
  if the mpaa gets wind that bob is hosting a copy of the hobbit : an unexpectedly long movie in his mega folder , and alice also happens to have the same file in her mega folder , it 's trivial to prove that alice has the same file -- in fact , the nature of deduplication means there 's some record of every deduplicated block , and therefore every other infringing user . '', 
  kind of ironic considering how the us expanded . 
  they wo n't deport you , they 'll just lock you up in guantanamo forever with no trial . 
  this is n't really news , this is what our security services are for , spying on foreign diplomats . 
  these diplomats will have expected things like this and should be trained in avoiding it . 
  we 've been doing this for hundreds of years , half the reasons embassies exist are to collect intel on foreign countries . 
  this is no different , we just have adjusted our methods to collect data from modern technology . 
  i would n't trust mega , the encryption is questionable ~ ~ and mega can access any data on their server , encrypted or not ~ ~ and mega can in some circumstances identify what you have stored in your account . 
  if you are going to use it encrypt any data locally first using truecrypt . 
  can you organise a twitter protest or something calling the president a clown ? 
  it does seem like such a ridiculous law though , and a little bit totalitarian , dictators hate humour . 
  i 'd liked to say no but i 'm honestly not that sure .
