  our legal system has gone a bit nuts atm and seems to enjoy prosecuting people who cause offence with off colour jokes on twitter . 
  that last one comes up every time haha . 
  you can get fined for insulting the president ? 
  that does n't sound particularly fair . 
  it seems so horribly americanocentric , i think the whole switching to tv does n't work outside of the us and all the media integration is likely not going to work either . 
  i hate that these huge multinationals ignore the vast majority of the developed world . 
  where do you deport them if they only have citizenship in the country they were born in ? 
  i imagine improving education and reducing poverty would be a better solution than deporting citizens . 
  apparently it 's just propaganda to make the eu look good !, 
  people are morons . 
  i 've been playing hearts of iron for a couple of weeks and i still do n't really know what i 'm doing . 
  hearts of iron , it 's a ww2 grand strategy game . 
  easily the hardest game i have ever played . 
  i 've been playing too much hoi , i read that as antitank unit haha . 
  hague actually said that law abiding uk citizens who have nothing to hide should n't worry about this . 
  i mean seriously wtf ? 
   i 've been using them for months and have noticed no difference in what search results i get to google really because every time i use them the results are atrocious . 
  have they improved recently or something ? 
  because anybody with any sense knows all he does is spout empty rhetoric and lies ? 
  poor economy and people agreeing with extremes of both sides of the political spectrum go hand in hand as well , think golden dawn in greece and i believe hungarian far right groups too ( do n't quote me on this ) . 
  why , younger people tend to be more left wing and a lot are interested in politics . 
  students are almost always the drivers for revolutions and protests . 
  i 'm just thinking about the various islamist governments in the middle east that are dictatorships as well as the muslim brotherhood in egypt which seems to have embedded itself into government whilst attempting to undo democratic institutions . 
  i 'm just talking about islamist governments in general . 
  in my experience they 're rarely pro democracy . 
  i know this particular government have been excused of eroding certain turkish institutions that are meant to control governmental powers but it 's not an area i 'm particularly familiar with . 
  the ruling party are islamists , ie . 
  they believe that islam should guide social and political as well as personal life ( according to wikipedia ) . 
  so whilst they have been democratically elected they do n't necessarily like the idea of democracy . 
  * europol * , for some reason , have not counted them , i highlighted what the report stated . 
  as i 've already said though they were charged with `` engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism '' not for an actual plot , which is likely why they were not counted . 
  let all your anger out , it 's ok . make sure you lock your door and load you guns so the muslim boogeyman does n't get you tonight !, 
   it is a force for violence , misogyny , illiteracy , and ignorance in the 21st century . 
  and you 've just described the edl well done . 
   in 2012 , northern ireland experienced 24 involved attacks on national security targets . 
  there were no other attacks on national security targets in the uk in 2012 . 
  attacks on national security include those targeting principally ( but not exclusively ) the security forces , those who support them and premises and institutions associated with policing , justice and security . 
  four took place in france and two in belgium . 
   the combination of radicalised individuals resident in eu member states with intent to commit attacks , and their accessing of terrorist literature , was evidenced in april 2012 , when four males of bangladeshi and pakistani origin were arrested in the uk . 
  the subjects were suspected of plotting attacks in the uk and were subsequently charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism . 
  several of the suspects were additionally charged with possession of extremist material . 
  in early march 2013 , the defendants pleaded guilty to engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism and will be sentenced later in the year . 
  at least one such apparent home-grown religiously inspired plot may have been motivated by the activities of an english nationalist group . 
  in july 2012 , six people were arrested and subsequently charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism . 
  they are all suspected of plotting an attack in south yorkshire . 
  perhaps because they did n't actually have a plan and were still `` engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism '' they are not counted in the stats . 
  you raise a good point though . 
  what is the overall premise of your argument ? 
  that immigration from certain places is bad ? 
  especially if those places are muslim majority ? 
  personally i disagree and that sounds like bigotry tbh . 
  there is n't some kind of inevitable race war brewing , as my op states there are less religiously motivated terrorist attacks then any other . 
  there are n't a huge amount of muslims in any european country ( 3 % in the uk ) , it 's not like they 're taking over and ruining our culture like some of the papers would like you to believe . 
  ok i 'll offer my ideas and comment on a few of yours too . 
   no , i have n't said deported - you said that . 
  i say one should n't be allowed permanent recidence without education about equal law , etc , tests etc. 
  also , one should be able to deport the families of those poor victims of the `` honour system '' . 
  what they are doing is obviously illegal , and should be treated as such . 
  if they are citizens - jail for a very long time and should not be allowed to raise their other kids if they have any . 
  money to schools , social workers , police etc to enforce it i agree with you 100 % here ( perhaps aiming at rehabilitation not punishment for jail ) . 
  if they are british citizens then they can not be deported and should be jailed , if they are not then yes they should be deported to their country of origin , honour killings are thankfully still rare but they are horrific . 
  more money should go to education in general , but increased funding to both the police and social service ( eg . 
  social workers , care home staff etc. ), 
  as well as hmp service would be good too . 
   obviously , the muslim ( and happily catholic etc ) should be treated much , much harder with regards to their stance on gay people . 
  you enforce hate speech against britain - why not against gays or women ? 
  certainly if someone bloody preech it , or treat them as less worthy . 
  our hate speech laws basically stop people from threatening violence or being abusive or insulting ( there 's a campaign to get insulting remove as a lot of people think it 's too broad ) . 
  what our hate speech laws does n't stop are reasonable discussion about things . 
  some people obviously are against gay marriage and have their ( frankly bullshit ) reason . 
  but we do live in a democracy and a key tenet of democracy is the ability to discuss ideas without being arrested . 
  as long as nobody is threatening violence then i personally do n't think they should be prosecuted . 
   also , one ca n't change the attitude of the people who already live here , but one can refuse to accept more people in the country who are like that . 
  not that all muslims/immigrant ( certainly not all are , nor are all christian/hindu etc nice ) , but i have not problem that one has to take courses/alternative sign some sort of paper . 
  if one later on ignores it , well , then you have broken the law , have n't you ? 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean by sign some paper , do you mind clarifying for me . 
  there is n't much we can do about immigration , we have to let anybody in from the eu though out current government have made noises about a points based system which i 'm not particularly sure on . 
   also - are you sure that the equality laws are vigorously enforced , everywhere ? 
  they are most certainly not in sweden . 
  religious schools seems to get a pass , of course they should be closed down if they do not promote equality for gays , women etc. 
  i am pretty sure it is not enforced in britain - you do have catholic schools do n't you ? 
  close them , win back the minds of the young people . 
  we do have religious schools and i think it 's outrageous they still exist . 
  they serve no pupose that a normal school serves other than to add indoctirnation of what ever faith the school is . 
  whether hindu , muslim coe or catholic . 
  i 'd shut them down an install secular governors and ensure a secular curriculum is taught ( including a balanced religious education course ) . 
  it is a barabaric rite that removes 10 % of the nervends and a lot of feeling for men . 
  anyone who cut of 10 % of a females clitoris would be called a barbarian , why should men be treated differently ? 
  men deserve their sexual organs too . 
  that will solve the problems with the most religious too ... ... 
  it 's different from female circumcision but i agree i think it should be legal as an adult . 
  you should n't be allowed to circumcise a child unless it 's required for medical reasons . 
  it is completely barbaric . 
  basically more , better quality education is the key . 
  it 's easier to stop indoctrination if you teach somebody logic and reason . 
  also flair up !, 
  they 're counted as not specified in the stats but it 's a mix of political and religious ( or thats what a few people have mentioned in / r/uk anyway ) . 
  you questioning my status as american was offensive and i will be reporting you to the appropriate authorities in the uk . 
  lol at that dumb ass law , another reaction to being over run with foreigners ... that 's amusing . 
  but seriously you are a country of immigrants and asylum seekers , diversity is what has made your country great ( also natural resources ) .
