  besides it 'd be an incredible loophole if us companies could just store things overseas and not be responsible for them under us law . 
  how does this affect personal liberties ? 
  if a warrant is issued to read your emails it has to be for a legitimate reason , for instance if you 've been arrested for committing a crime . 
  it is no different than requiring emails to be read if they are stored in the us . 
  perhaps if the mods were more active in banning racist accounts we would n't need to discuss them ... 
  my neighbours do n't complain about things that happened hundreds of years ago on the internet . 
  most of them do n't even know about the crimes of the british empire as they 're fairly long in the past . 
  on the internet it 's the serbs who seem to moan so much about not being allowed to commit genocide . 
  the germans do n't complain about being bombed in ww2 ... 
  i find serbs trying to white wash their country 's genocide and then blame nato for not letting them kill more civilians quite funny . 
  i had him tagged as a racist for saying all arabs should be banned from entering europe . 
  he 's a particularly disgusting individual . 
  i 'm gon na be pedantic here and say the west has n't invaded anybody in the last decade . 
  iraq was 2003 , 11 years ago . 
  we have n't actually invaded ( with ground troops ) anyone since then . 
  ah the whole `` i ca n't argue with somebody who can actually post sources instead of scaremongering , better call them a shill '' argument . 
  i 'm a fourth year chemical engineering student and i 'm sick of seeing all the misinformation about fracking in the media and on reddit . 
  it 's driven by environmentalist scaremongering rather than solid science and engineering knowledge . 
  it might interest you to know i 'm actually against fracking . 
  i do n't think we should be finding and using more fossil fuels to power our economy . 
  it 's not sustainable and is the long-term is going to destroy the planet . 
  we should be focusing on nuclear power in the mid-term whilst switching to inevitably more mature and efficient renewable energy options whilst using biofuels to ensure a base-level of power generation . 
  if we must frack we should use the gas to give us time to create a new-generation of nuclear plants to power the uk . 
  i 'm not against fracking because it 's dangerous . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's one the most mature , most highly regulated operations in the oil and gas industry ( at least in the uk ) and fracking on land is not a problem from a purely engineering point of view . 
  let 's debunk this . 
   fracking pumps trillions of gallons of toxic chemicals deep underground . 
  first of all fracking does n't pump trillions of gallons of anything underground . 
  it uses between 3-5 million gallons of water per frack . 
  anything over 20m3 of water ( about 4000 gallons ) needs a permit under the water resources act 1991 ( royal society report , pg 20 , section 2.2 ) . 
  to run a well for a decade would use about the same amount of water as running a golf course for a month . 
  toxic chemicals are not used in fracking . 
  certainly not trillions of gallons of them . 
  cuadrilla , the only company who have fracked on the uk mainland , have released their chemical usage [ here ] ( http://www.cuadrillaresources.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/chemical-disclosure-ph-1.jpg ) . 
  97.93 per cent of the fracking fluid is water , 2.023 per cent is sand , 0.043 per cent is a polyacrylamide emulsion , and 0.000005 per cent is sodium salt dissolved in a small amount of water . 
  polyacrylamide is non-toxic and is used in water treatment and agriculture ( so you 've more than likely consumed some today ) , sand is sand and sodium salt is just table salt . 
  literally nothing here is toxic . 
  hcl and a biocide can also be used if needed . 
  hcl , whilst not toxic , can be hazardous . 
  but it would also be used in literally thousands of m3 of water , diluting it massively . 
  biocides are toxic but they are already used in water treatment processes . 
  i 'd be more concerned about biocides leaking from power plant cooling loops into ground water than i would about them contaminating water supplies in fracking . 
  the ea has to allow any other chemicals to be used by companies . 
  companies must disclose whatever they are using before they are allowed to frack . 
  the argument is moot though . 
  the construction of the well ensures that any fracking fluid can not escape into the environment ( royal society report , pg 24 , section 3 ) . 
  once the fluid actually enters the target ground it can not flow into aquifers which are hundreds of metres above and protected by impermeable rock ( the same rock than enables the gas to stay locked underground for millions of years ) ( royal society report , pg 32 , section 4 ) . 
  [ royal society report on hydraulic fracturing ] ( https://royalsociety.org/~/media/policy/projects/shale-gas-extraction/2012-06-28-shale-gas.pdf )  toxic water that can ignite . 
  water that can ignite is not necessarily toxic . 
  it may be contaminated with methane but methane is not a toxic chemical nor will it be in great enough concentration to cause explosions . 
  the ability to set well water on fire has been known for centuries , it is a natural phenomena and , as far as i know , has never been scientifically linked with fracking . 
   fracking does not do damage above ground actually it potentially does . 
  the potential spillage of chemicals ( which would be concentrated rather than diluted into huge amounts of water ) is a problem . 
  fortunately it 's an easily mitigated risk . 
  alongside proper health and safety protocols for handling of said chemicals under the top layer of soil an impermeable membrane can be laid down to ensure any chemicals that are spilt do not flow into potential water sources . 
  it 's the same technology as used in land fills to ensure leachate does n't contaminate water supplies . 
  i 'm arguing like a conspiracy theorist though . 
  it 's all utter nonsense not supported by evidence . 
  surely an actual thing that could have happened is that the ukrainians tried to shoot down a plane supporting the separatists ? 
  that is the most logical of all the `` ukrainians shot the plane down '' thing . 
  not enough false-flags . 
  i 'm sure the pro-russian conspiracy theorists will somehow manage to blame this on the ukraine or the eu . 
  edit : / r/conspiracy has managed to blame the eu/us in [ one post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/2aypg9/another_malaysian_airlines_disaster_also/cj01m9p ) and [ the jews ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/2aypg9/another_malaysian_airlines_disaster_also/cj02l7u ) in [ another ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/2aypg9/another_malaysian_airlines_disaster_also/cj0341v ) . 
  that place is absolutely nuts ( and totally not anti-semitic ) . 
  why was assange not extradited from the uk ? 
  yes . 
  you ca n't just go around accusing everybody of being a shill with zero evidence just because they disagree with you . 
  i know you red pillers are n't exactly the sharpest tools in the shed but it 's not a difficult concept to grasp , even for somebody who thinks women are inferior human beings . 
   the falsehood here is clear and straightforward . 
  one of the `` myths '' green purported to debunk was that `` sweden should guarantee that there be no extradition to usa . '', 
  i 'm saying he 'd be more likely to be extradited from the uk than from sweden . 
  to be extradited from sweden he 'd need both the swedish and british governments to agree . 
  over 9000 shekels . 
  have you been spending too much time on / r/conspiracy and trp ? 
  maybe you should go back to your racist/sexist buddies and call people shills elsewhere . 
  i 'm fairly sure most of the people on interpol are still wanted criminals in hiding . 
  assange is a wanted criminal in the ecuadorian embassy , we know exactly where he is . 
  the ecuadorian embassy also would not have given refuge to a normal person , they 're only doing it to irritate the americans . 
  ecuador is n't exactly known for its human rights record so it is a bit bizarre why assange wanted to go there . 
  manning 's goal might have been noble but she released hundreds of thousands of documents , without reading them , to a random stranger on the internet . 
  she fucked up incredibly and was lucky there were no major repercussions ( personnel wise ) for the americans . 
  not everybody thinks assange is some hero for hosting a website and making up incredibly biased videos . 
  not actually relevant to the specific point i was quoting . 
  that is n't at all relevant to the passage i was quoting . 
  why was n't he extradited from the uk then ? 
  they have a better extradition treaty with the us than sweden do . 
  http://www.newstatesman.com/david-allen-green/2012/08/legal-myths-about-assange-extradition you 're just repeating a standard myth that assange apologists constantly repeat . 
  the uk has a far more biased ( towards the us ) extradition treaty than sweden . 
  my point is that assange refusing to go to sweden has nothing about him being extradited to the us and everything about him not wanting to go on trial about rape . 
  something an innocent man would not do . 
  he could have been extradited far easier from the uk . 
   two : `` assange is more likely to be extradited to usa from sweden than the united kingdom ''  this is similarly untrue . 
  any extradition from sweden to the united states would actually be more difficult . 
  this is because it would require the consent of both sweden and the united kingdom . 
  http://www.newstatesman.com/david-allen-green/2012/08/legal-myths-about-assange-extradition it 's another myth made up by assange apologists who have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  if he was innocent he 'd have gone to sweden to fight the charges . 
  it 's not for the internet to decide it 's for a jury of his peers . 
  so if i 'm ever wanted for rape in sweden all i 've got to do is hide in an embassy for a few years and they 'll end the warrant because it might `` cause me suffering '' . 
  one law for the famous and another for the rest of us .
