  that 's why the front points downwards . 
  gays get thrown in front and pushed under the train . 
  i 've literally just heard thunder outside ... 
  technically the sun still does n't set on the british empire thanks to all the random territories we still have . 
  not in ww1 , it peaked just after ww1 . 
  at least they gave a bit of a fight in ww2 . 
  also they were far more competent than a certain empire in ww1 that got the shit kicked out of it by the russians then collapsed . 
  who does reddit hate more ? 
  muslims ( or let 's be honest brown people ) even though they have n't been mentioned in the article or jews ? 
  i guess jews are white so they probably win . 
  first of all the uk is n't . 
  but even if it was n't one group of rebels is fighting against a dictator who 's family has been in power for decades and is famed for their human rights abuses , the other is a russian supported uprising against a democratically elected government . 
  can you see the difference here ? 
  except the bbc is guaranteed by law to not be influenced by the government , and the british state itself is a democratic state that is n't a de facto dictatorship with major human rights problems . 
  [ putin himself admitted rt is just a tool to excuse russian foreign policy . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/06/13/in-case-you-werent-clear-on-russia-todays-relationship-to-moscow-putin-clears-it-up/ ), 
  what 's your point ? 
  well there is n't a debate to be had , ukraine are stopping russian supported rebels from annexing more efficient their country , the serbs were murdering civilians and forcibly removing others . 
  ukraine are not intentionally shelling civilians , the ukraine is also not forcing civilians out of their homes because they 're of a different ethnicity . 
  the ukraine has not murdered thousands of civilians just a few years before unlike serbia . 
  i 'm not making excuses and pretending my country was good throughout history . 
  you 're trying to make excuses about your own country 's genocide that happened twenty years ago . 
  nato did the right thing in stopping your country from murdering even more civilians . 
  oh look another serbian nationalist that ignores their country was intentionally murdering civilians . 
  go away . 
  because they 're racist . 
  rt.com is a propaganda website . 
  might as well get your news from voice of america . 
   you do realise that your anti russian perspective is just a product of the other sides propaganda . 
  or it 's because russia have annexed part of another country and is trying to do the same with the donetsk region . 
  they 've also got a history of invading ex-soviet states if they do n't do what russia wants . 
  banning a propaganda outfit pretending to be a legitimate news site is n't really a problem though . 
  do n't forget the ridiculous amounts of racism !, 
  which does n't work at all and degenerates into chaos at best or a dictatorship at worst . 
  in this case when the police do n't bother investigating crimes against immigrants committed by a fascist political party , then they are certainly corrupted by fascists . 
  non of those are linked to anti-fascist groups , most of them are describe as [ far-left terrorists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sect_of_revolutionaries ) and anti-fascism is n't even mentioned . 
  they 're anarchists as much against democracy as fascists . 
  also really ? 
  i do n't think you understand just how complex the spanish civil war was . 
  there are a huge number of catalysts for it , but in the end it was the fascist military coup that started the war , not anti-fascists . 
  i 'm talking about the fascists that murdered immigrants in greece , that caused the deaths of 60 million people in europe , that tried to wipe out an entire group of people because they had the wrong ancestry , that created a regime of terror that ended just 40 years ago in spain . 
  sure they may go too far sometimes but they 've got a lot less to answer for than fascists . 
  anti-fascists do n't go around murdering people , wanting to overthrow governments or kill people because of the colour of their skin . 
  peaceful demonstrations made by people who want to remove anybody of the wrong race from their country and end democracy . 
  fascists are not socialist , fascists believe in a mixed economy with cooperation between the state and private industry to ensure their country is self-sufficient . 
  they also heavily reinforce the class system , the complete opposite of socialists which want to remove the class system . 
  so out of interest would you then condone acts of violence in a situation like greece ? 
  honestly i 'm starting to agree with you on the whole `` do n't stab people '' thing even if they are fascist , maybe certain antifa groups in sweden have gone too far after reading up about them . 
  still i think violence to stop fascist demonstrations and rallies etc. 
  is perfectly acceptable and has historically helped prevent fascist rule . 
  and what happens when the government and police force are corrupted by fascists ? 
  unfortunately the fight against fascism tends to be violent , as fascists are violent . 
  remember fascists in greece were murdering immigrants unchecked ( and even supported ) by the police until there was public outcry and fighting between fascists and anti-fascists . 
  people do fall in with the wrong crowd , and if that crowd happens to be trying to bring down democracy then it 's unfortunate but they have to be stopped . 
  you mean racist right-wing nationalists that believe in `` separate but equal '' policies ? 
  yes i do . 
  but this is n't about the swedish anti-fascist groups it 's about the spanish groups that have a real chance of gaining significant power , and after 40 years of fascism many people will fight for democracy . 
  and yet that is how democratic societies have been defended and often founded for hundreds of years . 
  such as ? 
  i do n't see attacking fascists as a problem seen as they wish to completely destroy democracy and have historically always used violence to achieve that . 
  i think out of all europeans the spanish understand the dangers of fascism the most , having being under a fascist regime for 40 years . 
  anti-fascists are n't all far-left nutjobs , it 's anybody who cares about ensuring democracy survives and is n't destroyed by fascists as happened in many european countries in the 30s . 
  if it takes violence to protect democracy then so be it , it certainly helped stop the british union of fascists from getting a large enough following in the uk after the battle of cable street . 
  wo n't somebody think of the poor oppressed fascists !, 
  any reason you 're repeating stormfront propaganda almost word for word ? 
  is / u/neutrolgreek racist as well ? 
  i have rambo tagged for saying all arabs should be stopped from coming to europe . 
  i never said we should give these people refuge , that 's not what op was mocking . 
  op was mocking the sociopaths who think the best course of action is to let hundreds of people drown a month . 
  there 's a difference between sending people back once they 've been rescued and letting them die . 
  think they 're taking the piss out of a fairly common / r/europe attitude that treats these people like sub-humans and says we should just be letting them drown . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-27921938 according to this only 14 per cent of the world 's asylum seekers live in developed countries with the overwhelming majority living in developing countries . 
  this has dropped from 30 per cent in ten years ago . 
  there are a ridiculous amount of people who think ukraine is the bad one here . 
  rt 's propaganda is working . 
  where in the article does it say he 's a muslim ? 
  and what 's wrong with saying he does n't mock islam as he does n't hate muslims , just jews ? 
  how is that at all anti-semitic ? 
  what ? 
  he does n't mock islam as he hates jews not muslims . 
  how is he clearly a muslim ? 
  because he 's brown ? 
  he went to a catholic school and was raised by a buddhist . 
  iraq is probably better for the kurds who are n't being gassed and have their own autonomy now . 
  it 's hard to do that when one side has already invaded the other side . 
  ca n't let facts get in the way of a good old muslim bashing though . 
  fgm is not comparable to male circumcision . 
  they do n't . 
  they care about energy security and fracking is an important tool in stopping europe 's reliance on russian gas , especially now that russia has annexed the crimea and is causing major problems for ukraine . 
  gazprom are against fracking though because it will heavily cut into their profits . 
  there 's been a decent amount of reports on how russia is funding anti-fracking groups and promoting anti-fracking propaganda . 
  nato cares about this issues as energy security is a serious problem for its members and russia is acting extremely aggressively at the moment with the annexation of crimea and the support of separatists in eastern ukraine . 
  ca n't we have a single post about fgm without anybody `` what about the mensing '' ? 
  i 'm a chemical engineering student whose specialising in waste management . 
  the largest thermal plant is only 377mw and only works that well in the day . 
  single reactors pump out more electricity than that and they work at night . 
  i did n't bother to read it , if you ca n't write a paragraph with proper formatting the content is n't worth my time . 
  how can you trust scientific research over known truths ? 
  i think that something is true therefore it must be because commons sense . 
  not really an engineering issue but that is one of the main problems with storing waste .
