   also - what you forget to mention is that muslims are much more likely to describe themselves as religious/very religious etc ( i forgot the study , but i can find it if you want , at least they are in sweden ) . 
  dw there 's a bit in the study you posted earlier quoting 70 % agree my religion is important . 
   what ? 
  it is 2013 , i refuse to take baby steps against barbarianism and discrimination . 
  so , if we take baby steps , in what year do you expect them to have normal attitudes , and to treat women and gays like equals ? 
  it is 2013 , they are living in europe where we clearly speak against those thing in every law , official paper etc - if the shoe do not fit , fuck them . 
  how can you tolerate discrimination ? 
  i mean , you do not support their intolerance and discrimination - how can you then tolerate it , or the fact that they are n't changing - in fact they are becoming worse . 
  is n't that very , very , scary ? 
  at what point do you think they should react ? 
  what would you have done to them , have them all deported ? 
  we live in a democracy and that means people can and will disagree with you . 
  it will be a slow struggle but they will eventually come around . 
  there will always be people who are bigots , who are against gay people that will never change . 
  what else can be done ? 
  we are passing gay marriage laws with or without religious approval , we ca n't force these people not to think like they do . 
  we ca n't ban religion as much as society might improve , it 's morally wrong . 
  you keep on saying more should be done but do n't offer any solutions yourself . 
  are you sure you come from america ? 
  is n't this engraved onto the bottom of the statue of liberty . 
   with silent lips . 
  `` give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , the wretched refuse of your teeming shore . 
  send these , the homeless , tempest-tost to me , i lift my lamp beside the golden door ! '', 
  that describes asylum seekers very well i think . 
  so you 're saying that people with no job and no education cause crime , and that an increasing wealth gap is n't helping the situation ? 
  because that 's what i can see happening here . 
  i have n't got any data for sweden but at least in britain [ 93 % ] ( http://dvmx.com/british_muslim_youth.pdf ) of second generation muslims count themselves as british , english , welsh or scottish . 
   the word is a blend of the words `` phobia '' , meaning an irrational fear , and `` islam '' . 
  this makes the literal meaning of the word `` irrational fear of islam '' . 
  the wikipedia definition you just posted does n't have a solid linguistic basis , and should be discarded . 
  what like homophobia ? 
  it 's just an easy term to describe people who hate muslims . 
  according to those stats i ca n't really disagree . 
  but you still have to remember that they only form 3 % of the population , it 's not too much of a worry yet . 
  as for the muslim community i 'm not well versed enough to talk about it . 
  it 's hard because unlike christianity there is n't really a unified authority figure like the coe or the catholic church or whatever it 's called in sweden . 
  the muslim council is the closest thing i can think of and like evrery other religion they 're against gay marriage ( [ though they are for the equality act ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2007/may/01/tentativesteps ) [ outlaws discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation . 
  the mcb has very sensibly recognised that no matter how much religious scholars may condemn homosexuality , british muslims and gay people have something in common : they are minorities who are liable to be discriminated against . ], 
  which is surprising ) . 
  baby steps . 
   however , they are often getting a free pass , because they are immigrants . 
  i do not think they should get a free pass , not at all . 
  people say this but immigrants and muslims are scutinised to hell , i do n't know what it 's like in sweden but atm the british are having huge debates about immigration and the papers are spouting their opinions on it too . 
   i personally think that non-violent revolution would be a more appropriate way of gaining power in today 's westernised world , not only because any form of organised violent resistance would be instantly crushed by the military . 
  i just think that in a 21st century world we can force change through means other than violent resistance . 
  i agree but i 'm not left enough to start a revolution i 'm afraid . 
  these are 2012 stats only . 
  the eta are in a ceasefire . 
   riots ongoing at the moment in stockholm all the swedes i 've spoken to have said the riots are n't really riots and foreign media is blowing it out of proportion ,  its the forced erosion of century year old cultures simply for the sake of not wanting to offend muslims and multicultis cultures change and mix . 
  there is nothing more british then a kebab after a night out , or going for a curry . 
  they 're not something sacred to cling on to . 
  as an american i thought you of all people would understand considering the melting pot of cultures that 's your country . 
  but if you 're referring to the youtube videos that went up a few months ago , it was an isolated incident and the people in the videos were promptly arrested . 
  ethnic group then . 
  i 've heard communists talk about violent revolutions and that is how china and the ussr came to be . 
  i 'm talking far left here . 
  you are more experienced than me on the subject so i 'll take your word on it . 
   islamophobia is prejudice against , hatred towards , or irrational fear of muslims . 
  hating muslims because they 're muslim is not racist because muslim is not a race . 
  but it is prejudiced and bigoted the same as antisemitism . 
  i imagine some arrests were for promoting `` terrorist literature '' it was mentioned in the report . 
  though i admit the 91 arrests in france for 4 attacks did perplex me a little . 
   homosexuality different stats say different things , opinion polls are n't the most accurate of things . 
  but i 've addressed this in my reply to igelkotten . 
   child grooming source ? 
   women yes islam 's attitude to women is disgusting , but do moderate muslims treat women differently ? 
  the majority do not . 
   dictatorship to democracy as igelkotten pointed out the muslim brotherhood were elected in egypt , though it all looks a bit dodgy and a lot of egyptians are n't happy . 
  the situation in syria is , fluid . 
  whilst there are a lot of foreign islamists there are also a lot of secular rebels fighting to overthrow assad . 
  whatever happens there though is not going to be good for europe . 
   it is happening in iraq since democracy arrived there . 
  that could also be attributed to an anti-western backlash . 
  not the first time america has fucked up a once politically stable ( if not dangerous ) country and turned it into a islamist state ( iran comes to mind here ), 
  after a bit of searching i found this which could explain the sharia part . 
   there was a new icm poll of british muslims in the sunday telegraph . 
  the finding in the poll that got the most coverage was a question that suggested that 40 % of british muslims supported `` there being areas in britain which are pre-dominately muslim and in which sharia law is introduced '' . 
  since western perceptions of sharia law tend to focus upon stoning adulterers , executing apostates and amputating the limbs of thieves reporting has tended to react with some horror . 
  it 's worth remembering though that respondents could be thinking of a far more limited use of sharia law -- until this month , for example , ontario in canada allowed the use of sharia law in civil disputes on things such as divorce , contract law and so on . 
  i suspect respondents to icm 's survey were more likely to have been thinking of muslim communities in the uk deciding cases of family and inheritance law on the basis of sharia , as opposed to stonings and beheadings in brick lane -- though from the wording of the question it is impossible to tell . 
  source : http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/146 the poll is also seven years old . 
  i also believe we have voluntary sharia councils that , if both parties wish , small disputes and family matters can be settled at . 
  i do find the attitudes to homosexuality quite worrying actually , those stats surprised me , especially the fact that younger people tend to be more devout . 
  though i have found this stat about the wider british attitudes on homosexuality . 
  i ca n't find the paper ( i 'm not on campus so do n't have access to any journals ) but i have found a [ reference ] ( http://humanism.org.uk/campaigns/religion-and-belief-some-surveys-and-statistics/the-british-social-attitudes-survey/ ) that states `` 50 % of religious people believe homosexuality is always or almost always wrong '' . 
  as i 've said earlier i do n't particularly like religion , it 's unfair and has historically been a way to keep the poor * in their place * . 
  the number 2 poll you have referenced also states that 49 % of muslims want reinterpretation of sharia to fit into modern values , 39 % for no reinterperation , with only 28 % wanting sharia at all ( a difference of 12 % , fairly significant ) . 
   therefore , the majority of muslims does not want sharia law and is opposed to its implementation in britain . 
  among those who would like to live by sharia , more would prefer to see it reinterpreted than not . 
  this is important to stress , because statistics about sharia can wrongly give the impression that muslims who want to live by it are in favour of the most brutal pun - ishments and strict regulations , which many non-muslims feel alienated by . 
  i have met a lot of muslims and they are great , but i have n't quizzed them on their beliefs about homosexuality etc. 
  and i 'm not gay so it has n't come up in conversation . 
  as for the islamic states in the middle east that has a lot to do with global politics after world war 2 . 
  as for the muslim brotherhood , that whole situation is sketchy to say the least , a lot of egyptians do n't seem particularly pleased . 
  but popular revolutions are always messy affairs in any country . 
  that stood out to me too , once you get far enough to the right or left there tends to be violence . 
  you 're reference to texas and spelling of certain words ( color ) makes you look american . 
  i do n't know how it works in islam but most christians believe if you live a generally good life you 'll go to heaven , you do n't have to follow the teachings by the letter as long as you 're a nice person . 
  at least in britain most muslims are fine with homosexuals , abortion and treat women like everybody else does-a human being . 
  our church leaders have been telling us how homosexual marriage is against gods will etc.
