  alas neither are likely to happen , if you do n't want to be treated like a racist piece of shit maybe stop being a racist piece of shit . 
  redditor for 8 days and you 've already got a post in coontown . 
  pretty sad really . 
  sure smells like / pol/in here . 
  the belgian congo was as brutal and was a belgian state colony for  50 years . 
  it was also incredibly racist and was had way more exploitation of the natives than any british or french colonies . 
  trading stops to buy slaves ... south africa became an independent state yes . 
  a state run by british and dutch colonial settlers , not the native population . 
  yes the uk and france have most of the blame but other western european powers also had huge impacts on africa . 
  belgium ran by far the most brutal of all the colonial empires and was directly responsible for the rwadan genocide as well as the absolute clusterfuck that is the congo . 
  portugal and spain had been in africa for centuries before the british and french and were mainly responsible for the slave trade . 
  the dutch were responsible for south africa until the british took it over , the boers were as responsible for apartheid and the state of south africa as white british settlers . 
  germany did n't have african colonies for long but they continued the practices of slavery , as well as the standard colonial exploitation , whilst they ran their colonies . 
  italy was in a state of constant war in libya and caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of libyans , during the abyssinian war they tortured and executed thousands of civilians as well as using weapons such as gas indiscriminately . 
  every major western european nation had a big part in fucking africa up . 
  well the uk and the rest of western europe . 
  we were not alone in colonising africa . 
  that strawman . 
  europe should accept actual refugees with a case and spread them equally amongst member states . 
  what is actually happening . 
  our government for some reason has an opt-out which is outrageous but this country is incredibly xenophobic at times . 
  how ? 
  how will not letting people die destroy europe ? 
  is it because a small number of brown people might be given asylum here ? 
  so you would just let thousands of human beings die just because they 're not born in europe ? 
  haha haha . 
  you do n't think italy has anything to do with africa ? 
  you realise both libya and ethiopia were both italian colonies right ? 
  your country is as much to blame as the uk and france . 
  the lack of basic historical knowledge is astounding . 
  fix the situation in libya that we partly caused as a start . 
  then try and fix the reason why migrants are flocking to europe . 
  africa being the state it is today is directly europe 's fault . 
  if we actually fix the causes of this then a ) we wo n't have thousands dying in the med or flocking to europe every year and b ) we might gain more trading partners . 
  it 's win win . 
  lol . 
  we made quite a nice place by raping africa and the middle east for a few hundred years . 
  let 's not forget intervening in libya and then not helping them rebuild is the reason migrants are using libya as a staging ground in the first place . 
  you mean put them in internment camps that the un has said breaks basic human rights ? 
  because that 's what australia has done . 
  yes what good is saving the lives of 4200 human beings . 
  fuck them . 
  they 're unlucky enough to be born in war torn countries and not europe , let 's just let them drown . 
  how the fuck can people not have any empathy at all ? 
  what is empathy ? 
  at least they 're not funding the murder of british citizens this time . 
  exactly . 
  and ireland was a british dominion protected by the british empire . 
  comparing them to an ex-slave colony that was forced to pay huge amounts of cash to not be re-enslaved is ridiculous . 
  ireland and poland were both immediately recognised when they gained their independence ... 
  ok how about we enslave the netherlands , ship you randomly to an island in the caribbean , then when you get angry and manage to get your freedom we 'll force you to pay huge amounts of money so you we do n't enslave you again ? 
  at the same time the other major powers will be constantly paying for coups and invading your country !, 
  yes i 'm sure you 'd succeed so well . 
  was ireland or poland forced to pay huge amounts of money to their ex-rulers ? 
  were ireland and poland both not recognised by the rest of europe till well into the 19th century ? 
  were ireland and poland both victims of constant european and american backed coups ? 
  what is historical context ? 
   in july 1825 , king charles x of france , during a period of `` restoration '' for the monarchy , sent a fleet to reconquer the island . 
  under pressure , president boyer agreed to a treaty by which france formally recognized the independence of the nation in exchange for a payment of 150 million francs ( reduced to 90 million in 1838 ) . 
  hmm i wonder if forcing the country to pay their ex-colonial slave masters so they would n't be re-enslaved has something to do with haiti 's current situation ? 
  i wonder if the rest of the world not recognising haiti until the late 19th century has anything to do with their current situation ? 
  i wonder if the constant foreign backed coups have anything to do with their current situation ? 
  spain has n't been a major power since the late 18th century and has n't been able to send fleets to force their ex-colonies to pay ridiculous sums of money to them . 
  perhaps that has something to do with the rest of south america being quite successful ? 
  calling people savages ? 
  you 're totally not a racist with no historical knowledge . 
  good job the us justice system has absolutely nothing to do with assange being charged with rape then !, 
  so you think people should escape justice if they hide away in an embassy long enough ? 
  well it 's espionage ... not that it matters he is n't being charged with espionage he 's being charged with rape . 
  one rule for the rich and famous , one rule for everyone else then ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this sub loves whining about that . 
  it 's kind of bullshit that you think somebody should be treated differently because you personally like them . 
  what extradition request ? 
  the us has not requested extradition ... 
  you were probably downvoted because your opinions make absolutely no sense and it sounds like you just vomited a thesaurus . 
  also if you complain about downvotes people are gon na downvote you to get a lulzy reaction . 
  oh go fuck yourself . 
  if you 're not aware how racist / r / europe is all the time you 're either stupid , new or racist yourself . 
  what ? 
  there does n't have to be a comparison . 
  this sub is objectively racist a lot of the time . 
  that analogy does n't even make sense . 
  i mean every thread about muslims on / r/europe is usually packed full of hatred , i 'm actually surprised about this one . 
  is moral superiority not hating another human being because of their religion now ? 
  wow . 
  guess i am morally superior . 
  actually they 're pointing out this subreddit is racist as fuck but whatever . 
  i 'm 90 per cent sure it 's the reason this story is even on / r/europe . 
  because a muslim did something . 
  it 's not like the us police need an excuse to shoot people at the moment . 
  turks and the armenian genocide and serbians and anything at all to do with their country are the greatest generators of butthurt on the internet . 
   generally speaking , genocide does not necessarily mean the immediate destruction of a nation , except when accomplished by mass killings of all members of a nation . 
  it is intended rather to signify a coordinated plan of different actions aiming at the destruction of essential foundations of the life of national groups , with the aim of annihilating the groups themselves . 
  the objectives of such a plan would be the disintegration of the political and social institutions , of culture , language , national feelings , religion , and the economic existence of national groups , and the destruction of the personal security , liberty , health , dignity , and even the lives of the individuals belonging to such groups . 
  sounds like genocide to me . 
  which famine ? 
  there have been a few famines under british rule in india . 
  the one i 'm most familiar with , the bengal famine of 1943 , was not genocide and was caused by miscommunication and inaction by both the provincial government and national government of india , corruption of indian officials , hoarding of food and the invasion of burma by japan . 
  i know , it was more something to add to your post . 
  pretty large ?
