  by gdp it 's the third largest economy in the world . 
  japan is not some minor economic power . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/1wpt81/polands_magic_plague_wall/ it 's a myth that poland escaped the plague . 
  poland escaping the plague is a myth . 
   i only hate the criminal ~ ~ gypsies ~ ~ blacks , so like 90 percent of them  saying that ~ ~ gypsies ~ ~ blacks are mostly criminals is not racism , it 's a fact nope . 
  you 're a racist . 
   i only hate the criminal gypsies , so like 90 percent of them totally not racist . 
  hates america , muslims and gypsies . 
  you 're totally not a neo-nazi . 
  xenophobia usually is . 
  if they were walking around not speaking english then quite possibly . 
  i was just talking about feminism in general , i 'm more clued up about british and american feminism because english language haha . 
  fair enough though . 
  you know feminism is not a single ideology right ? 
  right wing and left wing people can both be feminists with differing views on things like foreign policy . 
   nor has military ever been a large issue for a feminist debate . 
  not quite true . 
  at the moment there are big debates going on about the role of women in the military , particularly as front line soldiers . 
  most feminists think they should be allowed to perform the same duties as men ( and they can in some armies but not others ) . 
  secondly issues like the draft in ww1 was a huge thing for feminists , it was extremely polarising with many wanting to join the war and fight in the front lines , stop the war ( like many other left-wing groups of the time ) or shame men into fighting ( like many centre and right-wing groups at the time ) . 
  no that 's a conspiracy theory with no evidence . 
   the international action center ( iac ) is an activist group founded in 1992 by former united states attorney general ramsey clark . 
  it supports anti-imperialist movements around the world , and opposes u.s. military intervention in all circumstances . 
  sounds unbiased . 
  because nobody seems to actually be saying anything that has anything to do with my point ... 
  i 'm just pointing out how outrageous it is to constantly whine about being bombed to stop a country committing genocide ( comments like this will always come up every single time the balkans are mentioned on / r/europe ) . 
  it 's borderline genocide denial and it 's dangerous . 
  yes the balkans wars are complex as fuck but a large wall of text about kosovo , albania and the eventual collapse of yugoslavia has nothing to do with nato bombing bosnian serbs and serbian forces to stop them murdering more civilians . 
  so all that excuses war crimes right ? 
  the murder of thousands of innocent civilians is fine ? 
  because your post really has absolutely nothing to do with my post . 
  and yet a person with a serbian flag is once again moaning about his chosen country being bombed to stop more civilians being murdered . 
  the bosnian serb army ( or army of republika srpska ) was bombed in 1995 by nato to literally stop the siege of sarajevo ( the commanders of the bosnian serb besieging army were both convicted of war crimes because of their conduct during the siege ) . 
  so whatever country the above commenter is from they 're whining about their country being bombed for murdering thousands of civilians . 
  balkans threads are the best threads . 
  so much outrageous nationalism and drama . 
  i mean last time you tried that it did end up in genocide but yeh ... poor serbia , ca n't even kill a few thousand civilians without being chastised and bombed by the international community . 
  i have the commenter tagged for writing `` well , when their [ jewish ] people are responsible for all wars and they own a disproportionate amount of the world 's wealth , you ca n't really blame the rising anti-semitism . '', 
  it 's not really surprising a raging racist is worried that a racist political party might be banned ... 
  i 'm talking about poles who were murdered not because they were jewish but because they came from another racial background that was deemed subhuman . 
  no it wo n't . 
  british papers have done this thing for years , april fools is n't just about the internet . 
  not even next in line . 
  there were between 4 and 9 million soviet civilians murdered ( not even counting famine ) and over 3 million non-jewish poles were killed by nazi germany . 
  lol an `` agitator '' . 
  yes people who disagree with the view that israel is a healthy country with a good human rights records are `` agitators '' . 
  they might not discriminate against gay people but the certainly discriminate against palestinians and arab israelis . 
  it 's true though . 
  israel murders palestinian civilians on a regular basis and is breaching the geneva convention with their policy on settlements . 
  the current israeli government is particularly bad , fortunately the world is actually doing something about it and recognising palestine as a state , even if israel do n't . 
  what role ? 
  i 'm just pointing out as far as human rights goes israel is not a good example as they treat a large part of their population like subhumans and have them walled in a ghetto that they regularly bomb . 
  israel is not exactly a shining beacon when it comes to their human rights policies . 
  they 're currently committing war crimes with their policy on settlements and the decision to bomb the gazan ghetto killing thousands of civilians every few years ( and then refuse to allow supplies to rebuild it ) does n't scream appreciation for human rights . 
  and clarkson was late cos he got drunk . 
  whatever happened it 's still unacceptable to assault someone and he deserves sacking . 
  err pipes do n't just sit in the ground and get forgotten about . 
  they need maintenance all the time . 
  wages are the major costs in almost all projects . 
  this is just for the treatment section as well . 
  it does n't including distributing the water , pipe maintenance or paying non-plant employees . 
  when you have an income of # 26 billion , # 250 million + is not exactly a drop in the ocean , it 's 1 per cent of the entire country 's income . 
  again i do n't care . 
  just putting out numbers to show water treatment is not cheap . 
  i literally do n't care . 
  i 'm just actually putting out numbers for people to make up their own minds . 
  as a rough estimate there are about 1.5 million households , a bit of rough maths shows it costs about # 250 million pounds to process water to all of ireland every year . 
  that does n't include pipe maintenance , new plants , actually sourcing the water or business and industrial use etc. . water is certainly not free . 
  i 'm just saying running water treatment plants is not at all cheap compared to their relatively low capital costs , nothing else . 
  i could n't give a shit about these irish protests , they 're mildly amusing for a brit as we 've had water meters for years . 
  just putting some actual numbers out there for how much money is required to treat water . 
  water treatment plants are quite costly to build and run . 
  it 's about # 4 million pounds to build a 450m3/hr capacity plant with running costs of about # 1.5 million a year . 
  [ that 'd be enough water for about 10,000 homes . 
  ] ( http://www.epa.gov/watersense/pubs/indoor.html ) pumps alone cost # 280,000 a year to run , general maintenance # 200,000 and chemicals # 150,000 but the major costs involved are staff wages . 
  i actually did my second design project making one of things if you want a look at the numbers . 
  this shit is not free . 
  well it prevented an even greater genocide in yugoslavia . 
  again this really has nothing to do with nato bombing serbians to stop genocide . 
  what 's the got to do with serbian genocide ? 
   in july 1995 , the bosnian serbs launched an attack on the bosnian town of srebrenica , ending with the deaths of approximately 8,000 civilians in the srebrenica massacre . 
  after the horrifying events at srebrenica , 16 nations met at the london conference , beginning on july 21 , 1995 , to consider new options for bosnia . 
  as a result of the conference , un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali gave general bernard janvier , the un military commander , the authority to request nato airstrikes without consulting civilian un officials , as a way to streamline the process . 
  as a result of the conference , the north atlantic council and the un also agreed to use nato air strikes in response to attacks on any of the other safe areas in bosnia . 
  the participants at the conference also agreed in principle to the use of large-scale nato air strikes in response to future acts of serb aggression . 
  the un was pretty involved in stopping serbians murdering people and committing even more genocide . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_intervention_in_bosnia_and_herzegovina if you 're talking about the 1999 bombings the un was n't involved . 
  still it 's a good idea to intervene to stop widespread genocide by the serbs . 
  [ well between 1945-1948 it was . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/satellite_state#post_world_war_ii ), 
  yugoslavia as a soviet puppet state totally never happened ... 
  on the one hand you have one country invading another in an illegal war of aggression , on the other you have a group of countries with the un 's blessing stopping genocide . 
  not really the same thing . 
  cool . 
  fuck democracy , ca n't let the plebs say what we should and should n't do . 
  sounds like another austrian guy who wanted a unified europe ... 
  most people in europe do n't want total unification ... 
  haha love it . 
  it 's our fault that the euro is dodgy as fuck because we had the hindsight to see that a fiscal union is fucking stupid without an overall economic policy . 
  oh nm , just noticed your posting history .
