  so hating somebody just because they were born in a certain country is fine then ? 
  is wikipedia opposing it or is it just wales ' personal views ? 
  the nazis were never voted into power , they were voted to be the largest party in the government but they never had a majority . 
  it was the enabling act that hitler pushed through after potentially using his own party members to bomb the reichstag which allowed the nazis to grab total power . 
  even ignoring that it was likely the nazis who bombed the reichstag all communist deputies were arrested before the enabling act vote and there were sa members lining the halls of the reichstag ensuring deputies from other parties would vote for the act . 
  hitler 's rise to power was not at all democratic . 
  well eurovision is all about politics anyway , has nothing to do with the music . 
  she does n't fit in with the current societal norms so she must be constantly criticised by people who ca n't accept her . 
  i do n't seeing as i am white . 
  why do you hate non-whites ? 
  why am i not surprised you post in / r/whiterights ? 
  is it even illegal to go fight in a foreign war ? 
  surely its no different than those who fought in the spanish civil war in the 30s . 
  they voluntarily destroyed hard drives with state secrets on them , had they not have done that they could have taken the matter to court but the guardian chose not to . 
  it 's the job of the security services to ensure state secrets are kept secret . 
  the government did n't stop the guardian from reporting on the leaks though . 
  i 'd say the fact that british papers have published state secrets with little more than a `` please dont '' ( d-notices ) shows that the press is pretty free . 
  they talk about holywood as in the movie industry not the area . 
   which is why most americans do n't need to know where most european countries are  well many americans do n't seem to know where ukraine is . 
  i 'd say its pretty important to understand the difference between france and ukraine . 
  what about luxembourg ? 
  it 's regularly in the news because it has substantially different finance laws to its neighbours , something that could only be done because it 's a sovereign country . 
  i ca n't actually remember the last time i saw new york in the news , certainly not when it affected canada for example . 
  non-us media really does n't care about us states because they are a small part of the larger us . 
  they do n't have any relevance to other countries , it 's purely us internal politics . 
  that 's why most europeans do n't know and do n't need to know where us states are . 
  no the reason most people do n't know if care about us states is because they do not affect their international neighbours and are part of a larger country . 
  it does n't matter how large and diverse they are when they do not control their own international relations . 
  they are not nation states at this point and therefore are rarely internationally relevant . 
  us states are not as important as individual countries as they do not have relations with their neighbouring countries . 
  if states could have separate international relations then they are more like countries in their own right . 
  btw us states are hardly ever mentioned in non-us media because the distinction rarely matters . 
  most people i know could name the major players in south america and africa . 
  they do n't have international relations with other countries though . 
  that 's probably the most important thing about being an independent country . 
  should have checked his user , i 'm not at all surprised . 
  this post is hilarious . 
   by all measures , african `` civilizations '' were less advanced than cultures in the rest of the world how do you measure how advanced a culture is ? 
  wealth ? 
  technological advancement ? 
  life expectancy ? 
  because many african states had europeans beat on all those things for much of history . 
   with the exception of ethiopia they did n't create anything , and little was left after them . 
  yup [ they did n't create anything ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_mosque_of_djenn%c3%a9 ) and [ nothing is left around from hundreds of years ago . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african_architecture )  their primitivity and absence of any more developed civilizations caused the late colonization of africa by europeans no the huge size and inhospitable terrain as well as tropical diseases stopped europeans from colonising africa . 
   because there was n't anything to conquer or colonize apart from huge mineral reserves in places like rhodesia ( modern day zimbabwe ) and [ rubber in the congo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congo_rubber ) . 
  also the massive economic impact of the nile , the ability to control the suez and the med , control of the cape of good hope . 
  you 're coming across as ignorant of african history at best and a racist 19th [ whig historian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whig_history ) at worst . 
  good haha . 
  yes but not on anywhere near the same scale . 
  there 's a huge difference in scale between the internal african slave trade and the massive numbers of slaves sold to europeans . 
  the european slave trade completely altered the power dynamics in that region for hundreds of years . 
  you 're joking right ? 
  well he 's not wrong about white people dividing africa . 
  europeans pretty much fucked over the entire african continent since the 16th century what with slavery and then the whole colonisation thing . 
  once africa was decolonised the current countries were split up according to colonial borders completely ignoring the historical and cultural borders formed before the europeans arrived , ensuring that many countries are constantly unstable and infighting . 
  finland is in the eu for starters , which russia is not going to mess with . 
  finland also has a relatively large reservist army and has terrain that is easy to defend . 
  nothing . 
  kimi is saying that if you do n't show european values ( of which freedom of speech is one ) you should have your citizenship revoked . 
  freedom of speech mans that people should n't be persecuted for not sharing the value of freedom of speech . 
  no they 're citizens of their country . 
  try them and imprison them under law . 
  you can not revoke somebody 's citizenship just because they broke the law . 
  where are they going to go ? 
  you ca n't deport them anywhere . 
  and how would that work in practice ? 
  who decides what values they should be showing ? 
  where do they go if they are n't showing these `` values '' ( whatever they are ) ? 
  surely restricting somebody 's citizenship because they do n't share your values is ironically against the european value of freedom of speech ? 
  this is a poorly thought through statement . 
  we seem to kill at least 3 cyclists a week on them . 
  [ yah that 's nonsense . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%9f#current_usage_in_german ), 
  [ well . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/21812l/15_years_since_nato_bombing_of_serbia_for_some/cgaksrf ), 
  oh noes , not people with a different culture living near me , how terrible . 
  it does n't have chobham composite armour and it does n't anywhere near the level of fire control that western tanks have , it 's a modernised t72 . 
  it just is n't a match for tanks like the leopard 2 or the abrams . 
  t90s are essentially modernised t72s . 
  they are nowhere near as advanced as western tanks . 
  there is lots of anti-muslim , anti-russian sentiments as well as some , well interesting political speech . 
  i would n't be surprised ( things like `` political correctness gone mad '' is a pretty standard far-right racist thing to say ) but it 's not obvious . 
  the fact that you 're using the word shill seriously is hilarious . 
  nobody cares what reddit thinks about world events . 
  are you being serious ? 
  god you people are insane . 
  more like a cromwell memorial , that guy is hated by the irish for good reason . 
  british , french and american nukes ? 
  lol russia barely managed to invade georgia , they would n't stand a chance against the us and combined european armies . 
  even though if the eu guillotine the free trade treaties it 'll likely destroy your economy . 
  good job there . 
  millions of people who have n't had the time to study an issue vote on said issue without understanding the consequences . 
  with representational democracy the idea is that your representatives have had the time to understand the issues and the consequences of their vote . 
  do you the swiss would have voted to stop freedom of movement if they knew that the eu could terminate all free trade agreements with them ? 
  ignorance and fear . 
  tends to be environmentalists who usually are n't particularly well versed on actual science and are way too politicised to look at things objectively . 
  sorry to be that guy but proof ? 
  direct democracy for a start . 
  and that 's why a strong independent court system is important .
