  europe is the cause of how shitty the middle east is . 
  specifically britain and france thanks to the awful partitioning of the ottoman empire after ww1 . 
  always amusing when eastern europeans turn out to hate immigrants . 
  much of western europe views poles and czechs the same as any other immigrant . 
  poor , uneducated and a drain on the economy . 
  it 's the rape and torture that makes it a human rights violation . 
  http://hrlc.org.au/un-finds-australias-treatment-of-asylum-seekers-violates-the-convention-against-torture/ australia treats these people like animals . 
  not only that but france and the uk are directly responsible for the clusterfuck that is the middle east . 
  is this the same australia that is committing gross human rights violations ? 
  we probably should n't follow their lead . 
  that wo n't cause a huge international incident ... 
  most people are n't racist as fuck , that 's probably why the people around you do n't think that way . 
  if you surround yourself with racist / pol/tards instead of normal people you get a warped view . 
  you do realise the french have been burning cars and store fronts in riots for decades before any immigration ? 
  if there 's one thing the french can do well its riot properly . 
  rioting is one of the most famous french traditions since the revolution . 
  i 'm more talking about the idea that the right ( and espcially far-right ) have about culture is that it is a monogamous unchanging thing that should n't be influenced by anything . 
  it just has absolutely no basis in reality . 
  the idea that french culture is being destroyed by immigration is nonsense . 
  fn are described as far-right by pretty much everyone . 
  their policies are all far-right . 
  they make ukip look reasonable . 
  the idea of cultural integrity is right-wing , that 's exactly what i said , not far-right just moderate right . 
  we are talking about the same le pen that said the french national team had too many non-white players that were not really french ( because they are n't white ) , is a holocaust denier , is an anti-semite , threatened to gas and cremate a jewish critic and defended the nazi occupation of france and petain saying they made `` a few small mistakes '' . 
  sounds like a nazi to me . 
  fn is not a `` right of centre '' party . 
  fn is far-right . 
  the whole idea of `` cultural integrity '' is a right-wing thing that 's honestly total nonsense . 
  sure you could but le pen is not advocating that ... 
  i was just making a joke about how much of a far-right bigot she is . 
  her dad on the other hand is actually a nazi . 
  you ca n't solve immigration problems by treating brown or muslim french citizens as scum . 
  le pen would probably be ok with a final solution ... 
  only brown people commit terrorism . 
  it 's almost like they do n't care about how integrated a person is and are just racist cunts . 
  swedenyes is run by the / r/european and / r/coontown mods . 
  it 's in the pew poll you linked you stupid fuck . 
  they 're substantially better than the us 's . 
  free health care , social security nets , not having the police killing somebody on a daily basis . 
  having more than two parties to vote for is pretty good too . 
  you mean the polls that show most muslims believe in democracy over strong leaders and religious freedom . 
  not really supporting your arguments . 
  erm the ira for a start ( handily supported by american citizens , i guess supporting terrorist groups is fine if you 're a us citizen though ) . 
  also the [ lra ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord%27s_resistance_army ) are responsible for over 100k deaths and the displacement of over 2.5 million people as well as the use of child soldiers and torture . 
  you mean the stormfront copypasta stats that have been debunked over and over and over again ? 
  the ones that are deliberately analysed in a misleading fashion ? 
  yup it 's so trustworthy . 
  he 's not right wing by american standards . 
  by european standards he 's pretty right wing but that 's why american politics suck so much . 
  what ? 
  a tiny minority of muslims are doing this , overwhelmingly to other muslims . 
  your comment makes no sense . 
  you know there are christian groups that are responsible for thousands of deaths as well right ? 
  organised religion tends to be shit whatever your beliefs . 
  i love this idea that a culture can be wiped out by immigration . 
  culture is n't some static constant , it 's always adapting and merging . 
  curries are arguably one of britain 's classic cultural foods and that 's because of immigration . 
  ska music is another classic british culture and that 's thanks to jamaican immigration . 
  yes . 
  / r/europe has always attracted racists , / r/european is people who have managed to get banned from / r/europe for being that racist ( it 's impressive really ) . 
  they 'll quite often come to / r/europe with 0 day sockpuppet accounts , vote up all their racist buddies and just spread shit throughout the sub . 
  it 's why people can say we should sink migrant boats with migrants still on them , killing thousands , and still get upvoted . 
  do you know a single muslim in real life ? 
  because most of them are just normal people , literally no different from christians or jews or hindus . 
  they 're just trying to get by in the world like everyone else , there purpose in life is the same as others , it is n't to spread their religion . 
  it 's definitely not coming across that way ... 
  the fact that you 're using terms like `` ethnic swedes '' and not `` swedish citizens '' implies that you only care about swedes who are ethnically swedish and not swedes that happen to be non-white . 
  it 's kind of ironic when eastern europeans are racist . 
  it 's like they forgot what happened in ww2 when racists were in control . 
  the whole mass genocide thing ... 
  it 's why i really do n't get polish neo-nazis . 
   while it 's great to help people in need , they should n't forget their own people . 
  sweden is doing itself a great disservice by being so , so `` helpful '' . 
  you 're saying that the swedish government should only help `` their own people '' ( i.e. 
  ethnic swedes ) , and should n't help anybody that is n't an ethnic swede but is also a swedish citizen . 
  that is exactly what you said . 
  ethnic swedes . 
  so you think the swedish government should n't help anyone but ethnic swedes ? 
  as in they should n't help anyone who has brown skin for example . 
  oh so you 're basing it on race ? 
  swedish citizens are swedish citizens . 
  it does n't matter were they come from or what ethnicity they are . 
  nice one admitting you 're a racist though !, 
  i am so surprised . 
  is he on 3 now ? 
  guess he 's too stupid to understand reddit 's rules on vote manipulation and spam . 
  the argument is that poverty means less education which means it 's far easier to radicalise somebody . 
  instead of locking people up with no rehabilitation if they return so they can continue to radicalise people in prison you actually treat them well . 
  you rehabilitate them into society so they do n't commit more terrorist acts when they are released . 
  i 'm not saying returning isis fighters should n't be punished , what should also happen is that they are supported so they can become decent useful members of society . 
  he a far-right blogger . 
  of course he hates obama , obama is n't right wing , is brown and is the most powerful person in the world . 
  it 's a racist 's nightmare . 
  how are they forgetting their own people ? 
  and the idea is if you actually help somebody out of poverty and treat them like a human being they are far less likely to harm others . 
  it seems to be a far-right blog with a hell of a lot of questionable articles . 
  it 's already packed with racists . 
  ca n't wait till / r/european is banned for brigading or they just finally fuck off to voat . 
  they seem to be more pro-helping other human beings and not treating them like shit . 
  and i have a dream were places like coontown will be banned for spreading hate speech .
