people were protesting peacefully on the streets for free elections in aleppo after assad tortured school children for writing anti-government slogans . 
  assad 's security forces attacked them . 
  this started the civil war . 
  the war is now a sectarian clusterfuck but it started in response to the murder of peaceful protesters by assad . 
  assad has all the responsibility in starting this . 
  had he allowed free and fair elections a civil war would not have happened . 
  assad started the civil war . 
  all these deaths are on his head and his alone . 
  you know the west did n't really back the moderate rebels till isis became a major problem right ? 
  it 's part of the reason they have become such a powerful force . 
  had the west of helped overthrow assad there 's a decent chance isis would not have become anywhere near as potent a fighting force as they are today . 
  the guy who has heroically murdered hundreds of thousands of his own people , tortured school children and caused a civil war for the last three years just because he did n't want to have free elections . 
  how often does a revolution not end in a complete clusterfuck ? 
  things tend to get worse before they get better . 
  you were kind of the bully of europe for 500 years . 
  like a more successful germany . 
  it 's common enough and happens all the time . 
  the russians do it to us constantly . 
  they do it to the americans . 
  they 've been doing it since the cold war . 
  it 's really not a big deal in a geopolitical sense and shooting down a russian jet in international airspace is idiotic way to start a nuclear war . 
  / r/europe again showing it does n't understand how international politics work . 
  that 's a fallacy fallacy . 
  the fact that they 're protesting the draft means they 're protesting that only men are drafted . 
  they do n't want a draft full stop . 
  women are also in full-combat roles in ukraine 's volunteer army ( unlike in most western countries ) and form far larger proportions than in any western army . 
  gender equality in ex-soviet bloc countries tends to be a lot better than in the west . 
  it 's one of the few things the soviets actually got right . 
  you mean these protests that are mentioned in the article you posted ? 
   as soon as ukraine president petro poroshenko ordered the first mass call-up , protests -- ** led mostly by women ** -- swept through ukraine from mykolayiv on the black sea to chernivtsi , near romania . 
  protesters scuffled with the police and blocked roadways and bridges , demanding to know why their men were being drafted to fight so far from home, 
  also the last thread involving migrants drowning in the med devolved into people advocating murdering brown people . 
  and anything at all involving gypsies is always fun . 
  this place is still barely better than / r/worldnews . 
  what about this clusterfuck next door ? 
  not the un though . 
  it was a totally different organisation . 
  i 'd say the us is supporting israel as they have historically been one of the few powerful allies in a region dominated by anti-us countries , not because of this magic `` military-industrial complex '' that does n't really exist . 
  the british ruled palestine after the end of ww1 . 
  we essentially gave up on it after 1948 and let the un sort things out . 
  that 's a bit ironic considering you 're lumping together asylum seekers from radically different backgrounds . 
  honestly , i do n't see much positive in accepting immigrants from eastern europe , but i see a lot of negative . 
  i do n't understand why they are our problem and why we have to give up our little piece of heaven to accommodate them . 
  we 're not a small country . 
  we 're one of the largest in the eu and predicted to become the largest in the next few decades . 
  lots of people feel the same way about eastern european countries in the uk . 
  do you think you should be banned from moving to western europe ? 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-07-24/german-utilities-bail-out-electric-grid-at-wind-s-mercy.html it 's impossible to have that many renewables without adequate storage and buffering ( both of which do n't exist with today 's tech ) . 
  the target of 100 per cent renewable is frankly laughable without a reliable baseload system like gas or nuclear . 
  the germans . 
  it does n't matter for home use but it certainly does for industry . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/instability-in-power-grid-comes-at-high-cost-for-german-industry-a-850419.html http://www.dw.de/wind-energy-surplus-threatens-eastern-german-power-grid/a-14933985, 
  it 's statistically safer than all forms of power generation . 
  wind power causes more deaths than nuclear . 
  also it actually works all the time . 
  who knows . 
  they 're already having massive problems with fluctuations in their grid because of the huge amount of unreliable renewables . 
  i have an irish friend who lives in derry . 
  it 's so much fun to wind her up by referring to it as londonderry , the catholic population of derry really does n't like that name . 
  no we were stripping the indigenous people of any freedom to run their own countries , pitting different groups against each other so they would n't cooperate with each us , building infrastructure that only facilitated export away from the country to europe , and then stripping resources to send back to europe to power our economies . 
  how is removing most of the working age population for a few hundred years followed by shipping off resources to make money in a far away land , with no payment , good for any economy ? 
  no but colonisation in north africa was happening for hundreds of years before that . 
  not to mention the whole slave trade thing . 
  i 'm not expecting somebody who refers to africa as a single state to understand much about history , or anything really . 
  i guess some people are that stupid . 
  it does amuse that it 's the top voted comment in the thread atm . 
  / r/europe being it 's standard far-right xenophobic self . 
  they ca n't afford it ... 
  you do n't know anything about history or how the real world works do you ? 
  you do realise african countries did n't gain independence until the 50s right ? 
  many were still colonies into the 70s . 
  this was after hundreds of years of slavery and subjugation under european countries . 
  it 's hard to sort out your own problems when you have no infrastructure or economy as you 've not been able to develop as an independent nation for the last few hundred years . 
  ah makes sense . 
  nope it 's just me being bad at english . 
  i literally have no idea what you 're referring too haha . 
  because they 're brown people and some of them are even , god forbid , muslims !, 
  / r/europe is just really really racist . 
  how about we help out africa so this shit stops happening ? 
  if we actually address the route cause , how fucked up parts of africa are ( essentially our fault ) , and fix that we might end up stopping illegal immigration and gain allies and trading partners !, 
  ironically infrastructure to ship everything out of the country . 
  which is what 's happening now with african migrants . 
  the current state of africa is directly europe 's responsibility . 
  have you ever been to britain ? 
  or a british football match ? 
  i do n't think you realise how seriously the fa takes racism towards players from fans . 
  we 're also one of the most multicultural countries on the planet . 
  13 per cent of the country is non-white . 
  in london that number is 40 per cent , it 's a similar story in other big cities . 
  racism is still a problem in british football and parts of the uk in general . 
  but it 's not in the same league as racism in football in eastern and southern europe . 
  ukip are shite but they have n't murdered anyone yet . 
  to see how butthurt the racists in / r/europe get ? 
  edit : judging by how the topic has 2 votes and 75 comments the answer is very butthurt . 
   a survey of members of the association of german industrial energy companies ( vik ) revealed that the number of short interruptions to the german electricity grid has grown by 29 percent in the past three years . 
  over the same time period , the number of service failures has grown 31 percent , and almost half of those failures have led to production stoppages . 
  damages have ranged between $ 10,000 and hundreds of thousands of euros , according to company information . 
  it 's not the only company that 's been affected . 
  the massive input of unreliable renewables has harmed the german grid . 
  it 's not been a problem in the past thanks to the reliabilty and controllability of nuclear , gas and coal plants .
