  and i quite like hate speech laws , they stop people from racially abusing other people which is never a bad thing . 
  lol all countries have limitations on speech though . 
  most of europe has hate speech laws of some kind , many have laws against holocaust denial , even the us has libel laws and laws against threats . 
  what protects democracy is a strong independent court system , a free press and freedom of political speech . 
  limitations on speech do n't stop people from slagging off the government , they stop people abusing other people for the colour of their skin or their religion . 
  holocaust denial is already illegal in many european countries and they have n't turned into dictatorships yet . 
  there are limits on free speech in all countries . 
  more than one person can be guilty of a murder ... 
  well the american justice system is still pretty racist so it 's not surprising . 
  there were plenty of black people imprisoned for crimes they likely did n't commit in the early 20th century . 
  double jeopardy sounds like a ridiculous law though . 
  hands , tongues , eyebrows , hair . 
  eugh that 's horrible . 
  so i ca n't go wherever i want and be able to return to my own country ? 
  that 's breaching article 13 of the un declaration of human rights and i 'm pretty sure quite a few eu laws . 
  not only that but you 're discriminating based on somebodies religion which is breaching article 2 . 
  so in four sentences your proposal has breached two fundamental human rights . 
  good job . 
  so you 're essentially saying the state should be allowed to control where you do or do not go ? 
  sounds a bit totalitarian to me . 
  awesome , thank you . 
  i 'm fairly sure that 's a minority of housing . 
  also have you ever been to delhi ? 
  it makes the scummiest british council estate look like paradise . 
  aside i do n't really get your point . 
  that the people who want to move do n't benefit ? 
  there 's a reason that lots of people want to move to the uk . 
  apart from those who have escaped a war zone or moved from a third world country or even india and pakistan . 
  i 'd much rather live in london than delhi or islamabad . 
  that 's not even mentioning the fact that some might have moved to work in higher paying specialised work like medicine or engineering . 
  and the people who want to move around in the first place . 
  economic activity is actually close to 66 per cent than 53 , do n't know where you 've got that figure from ( pg23 ) . 
  she ca n't become a monarch and the royal family are never going to let a prince marry a girl from a council estate . 
  i personally think they 're wrong because of the idea somebody is better than you because of their birthright and there is no way at all you can work to their level . 
  somebody born into a poor family could technically become prime minister or president of their family , but there is no way they could become a monarch . 
  the monarchy is automatically `` better '' than the common people just by definition and in the 21st century that concept is frankly abhorrent . 
  i know exactly what snowden has done , and whilst his revelations about domestic spying were necessary his revelations about the nsa spying on foreign states is little more than treason and espionage . 
  it does n't serve the american people in the slightest and whilst it does benefit europeans he 's still pretty much acting as a foreign spy . 
  you called anybody who does n't think snowden is amazing bran dead . 
  ah so you 're saying if people have a different opinion they are stupid and only you are right . 
  ok then . 
  that 's literally what he said . 
  people can have opinions other than snowden is our lord and saviour without being paid to say it by the government . 
  `` anybody who disagrees with me must be working for the government because i know i 'm so right and everybody else is wrong . '', 
  that is so arrogant . 
  so you ignore evidence because it does n't agree with your limited experience . 
  did you totally ignore the second part ? 
  [ yup . 
  ] ( http://ir.lawnet.fordham.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2030&amp;context=ilj )  throughout the romanian education system , roma chil - dren are second , if not third-class citizens . 
  up to this point , the romanian government has only taken partial steps to ensure that roma parents send their children to school . 
  although de jure segregation is formally outlawed in romania , a de facto sys - tem of segregation remains . 
  roma children often attend school in so-called `` ghetto schools '' where their classmates are over - whelmingly roma . 
  1 these schools are often poorly-built or even dilapidated and are often unpainted and lack modern heat - ing or plumbing systems . 
  and they are almost always worse than the closest non-roma schools . 
  the ethnic romanian teachers assigned to such roma `` ghetto schools '' are generally the least qualified in the system and are sometime apathetic , if not openly hostile , to their roma students . 
  in many cases , these poorly - resourced roma schools are only minutes away from better - resourced schools catering to a primarily ethnic romanian school body . 
   in numerous instances , including those person - ally witnessed by the mission 's staff , various grades were divided into romanian and roma sections . 
  for instance , the fifth grade might be divided into three classes : a , b , and c . while fifth grade classes a and b would be almost wholly ethnic romanian and have top teachers , fifth grade class c would be almost wholly roma and have a much less experienced teacher . 
  black people are poor because they 're primitive . 
  it 's not because they 've suffered centuries of discrimination and are still not treated the same as white people . 
  i wonder what other large persecuted groups that could apply to ? 
  the huge amounts of racism towards the roma in those countries perhaps ? 
  the fact that children were segregated in class just because they were roma . 
  people wonder why the roma do n't want to integrate , perhaps it 's because the rest of the world treats them like total shit and it 's a perpetual cycle of discrimination and poverty . 
  because the catholic church is still an incredibly important , powerful organisation and if you 're going to spy on nation states it 's prudent to spy on the church as well . 
  romania joining the axis forces and fighting side by side with the nazis in russia is totally the same as romania letting the us have a military base there . 
  well we do , hate speech has to be abusive or threatening in my country . 
  but this is a subforum on a privately run website , i think if people want to be racist and xenophobic they should go to stormfront or worldnews . 
   definitely should have the right to voice their xenophobic or homophobic opinion why ? 
  why should they have that right ? 
  what benefit is there to be able to voice those opinions ? 
  it does n't do anything productive and only serves to harm others . 
  aside from that , this is an internet forum , unmoderated internet forums that do n't crack down on hate speech turn into paces like / r/worldnews . 
  racist shitholes were `` religion of peace '' is upvoted everytime a muslims sneezes . 
  far-right parties always get support during economic downturns , what 's your point ? 
  ( aside from what point will we listen , listen to racists and xenophobes ? ), 
  i 'd rather we did n't give people a platform to spread those views . 
  we have hate speech laws in europe to stop that type of thing , no reason / r/europe should n't do the same thing . 
  there 's a difference between having an opinion on the roma and calling them all lying thieving scumbags with no hope or future . 
  it sounds exactly like how americans described black people till , well some do now i guess , and how people have treated the jews throughout history . 
  it 's racism and prejudice . 
  every been in a thread involving gypsies ? 
  / r/europe explodes with racism . 
  the thing is most european states have laws against hate speech so i see no reason why / r/europe should n't . 
  pretty much . 
  you 're not a nation state . 
  well if you can persuade all countries in the world to stop spying on each other i 'll persuade israel and palestine to get along , both are about as likely . 
  yes you are naive . 
  you do n't get politics . 
  allies still compete with each other , they try and get an advantage when it comes to diplomatic negotiations , they try to make deals with other countries that might not be beneficial to your country , they are friends but they are also your competitors . 
  the fact is the uk is better allies with the us and the other five eyes partners , we 're going to spy on europe . 
  the only reason this was revealed was because snowden , instead of just revealing the incredibly dodgy domestic spying program , he started revealing us foreign operations , a move that does not benefit us citizens in the slightest . 
  which makes him little more than a foreign intelligence agent who has committed espionage and treason . 
  we 've not always been this peaceful . 
  we were enemies till 20 years ago , the largest was in history was finished just 70 years ago . 
  it 'd be naive and stupid to just think everything will continue to be dandy , might as well prepare for the worst . 
  well it 's really not . 
  realistically all countries spy therefore if one country does n't spy they are at a major disadvantage . 
  nobody wants to be at a disadvantage so nobody stops spying . 
  i 'll reiterate my original point though .
