  of course this system relies on a just justice system , but i would say it is impossible to compare what system was more unjust . 
  yeh this is just a little wtf , advocating hard labor instead of punishment and rehabilitation is kind of 19th century style prison style so i 'm not even going to bother apart from one little thing . 
   let 's look at russia now . 
  corruption is at the same level , if not higher . 
  people are still spied on by the fsb ( to a lesser extent albeit ) . 
  gays are persecuted and intolerance of other cultures is rising . 
  education standards have slipped massively , drug intake is at an all time high , along with std 's . 
  child abuse is high , along with prostitution . 
  and why ? 
  all for the chance to eat at a mcfuckingdonalds . 
  that has nothing to do with the collapse of the general of an empire and general political structures ? 
  no it 's everything to do with capitalism , because all the fairest , least poverty stricken most economically mobile states are communist like in the whole of western europe ... wait , shit , that 's not right . 
  i 'm not a capitalist but as a system that combined with a lot of government intervention and social welfare programs are the best we 've got at the moment . 
  i seriously can not believe you tried to defend the gulags for political prisoners . 
  i 'm out . 
  i would n't say the council of europe or the eu is an outside force , we are a member of both and they are both their , in part at least , to regulate the power of various countries and hopefully uphold citizens ' rights . 
  yeh the eastern front was awesome in it 's scale , the battles were incredible , the battle of the kursk involved almost 3,000,000 men and the soviets truly paid in blood for their victory . 
  i think most historians put soviet deaths , civilian and military to at least 20,000,000 . 
  the holocaust is remembered because it happened in the `` modern age '' and was a real attempt at wiping out an entire ethnic group , it was extremely efficient and industrialised and the percentage of jews that were wiped out was huge . 
  i do know about mccarthyism , the west was not without its faults and its anti-communist and leftwing actions were terrible for so called free states . 
  still nobody was sentenced to die in a prison in alaska , thousands were not murdered . 
  the west did tend to be a little more inconspicuous with its takeovers , carefully orchestrated coups were how the us worked , less deaths but there was essentially us puppet states in south america and i doubt they will forgive the americans for a long time . 
  i am not defending the west but they are not responsible for the same persecution as the soviet union . 
  after 1989 there were massive anti-communist protests in bulgaria though , the people did want democracy and the same political freedoms as afforded in the west , it was not exactly popular . 
  the reason given was because the guardian 's servers where not secure apparently . 
  which considering the comments of the security service agents there seems like bullshit and the government wanted the guardian to stop leaking . 
  i 'm not one for the whole insane `` we 're a police state '' hype that reddit is on at the moment but this is actually incredibly worrying and i hope there is a large backlash . 
  so was east germany , their people were so happy the tried to escape to the west all the time ... 
   i was taught in school that britain was on the verge of collapse during the battle of britain , and that had hitler not changed his efforts and switched fronts , britain would have succumbed . 
  now i had no reason to question this as it was taught at a british school , but i am now very interested in reading more into this , and will research the battle of britain thoroughly . 
  i 'll start with this . 
  let 's say that the luftwaffe and managed to gain air superiority ( not supremacy big difference ) over southern england , their fighters did not have the range to fly to northern england , their bombers would not have been able to get much further north without fighter escort and would have easily been destroyed by the raf operating from northern bases outside of the range of german aircraft . 
  the germans did not have any landing craft , their plans for operation sealion consisted of using converted river barges to cross the channel . 
  assuming they landed and established a successful beachhead even with an intact port they could not have shipped sufficient supplies over the channel and unloaded them . 
  now those are ideal conditions , realistically a landing is incredibly difficult and any port would be blocked and destroyed if it was threatened . 
  the germans may have pushed north but there were numerous stop lines in their way , they did not have the air power like they did in france and their biggest problems was the royal navy . 
  the navy would be dispatched from scapa flow and arrive within a few days were they would cut the german supply lines . 
  the germans did not have the naval power or logistics to continue and operation overseas and it 's almost certain that had britain been invaded the americans would have joined the war , and they had a massive industrial base and could massively outproduce germany . 
  one of the main reasons the soviets won and britain was more than a mere annoyance is because of american lend-lease and materials . 
  in fact 90 per cent of trucks used in soviet logistics during the war were american made . 
  this is not discounting the soviets , who as you rightly said , won the war , just it was a joint effort between the three allies . 
  right on to the ideological debate . 
   sorry i do n't agree with you there . 
  the ussr was the first state to eliminate religion and replace it with universal atheism . 
  what 's more the ussr was a very very diverse country . 
  if you mean beliefs by political beliefs , then yes persecution was high , but by no means more than the americans employed towards communists in their country at the same time . 
  yes i mean political beliefs , the americans at least , did not ship people off to die in gulags and they had at least some semblance of a justice system and not a system of kangaroo courts . 
  stalin was murderer and his political decisions almost destroyed the soviet union , he was an absolute maniac . 
  but yes he did not represent the soviet union after the 50s . 
  still there was a huge amount of persecution and random arrests and life in the puppet states , particularly east germany was terrible , the statsi in particular were terrible . 
  and we all come back to the statue , i 'd almost forgot what this debate was all about . 
  i still stand by my viewpoint , this is statue that for the locals is a memorial for foreign soldiers who occupied their lands for 45 years . 
  yes it was political , yes millions gave their lives for the freedom of europe , but people will still remember the political persecution and brutal crackdowns of the soviets . 
  i do understand your point though and i can certainly see why people would be annoyed . 
  it was a shame about thatcher been able to rest in peace though ... :p, 
   communism is a wonderful ideology and it is a shame that greed from the ` west ' has tainted the name of communism , not to mention the awful ruling of the soviet union . 
  however all i have to do is point you towards cuba to show you a country that gets along fine without committing evils . 
  i actually happen to agree with you , it 'd be perfect , if it ever worked . 
  but what realistically happens is people are persecuted for having different beliefs , it 's happened in every communist state including cuba , and that is just wrong . 
  the west has n't tainted communism human nature and greed has . 
   as for how bad the soviet union was . 
  i do not understand what you are talking about ? 
  stalin was a nutcase , but i am still very thankful towards him . 
  had it not been for the soviet union or stalin , we would all be speaking german at this point in time , i would be a slave because hitlers ideology believed ` slavic ' people should be so , and jews , blacks amongst other ethnicitys , would be extinct . 
  you might not like the methods stalin employed , but you owe the soviet union and stalin gratitude for potential saving the world from domination from the nazi forces , certainly europe would have fallen had it not been for the ussr . 
  if there was a more sane person in control the war would have ended far sooner and there would have been far less deaths . 
  stalin was one of the main reasons the red army faired so poorly in 41 and 42 . 
  he purged large parts of the officer corps because of his own paranoia . 
  perhaps the molotov-ribbentrop pact would n't have been signed and germany would have had a larger force on the russian border . 
  besides i do n't really want to get into a military history discussion but britain was in no threat and could not have been invaded let alone occupied . 
  what britain and the rest of europe did was terrible , colonialism is indefensible and we are still well off because of it . 
  but it does not stop me from criticising the ussr . 
  my country has not done anything as bad as the ussr in recent history , even our stay in india was not as bad as what the ussr did to its people and the rest of eastern europe . 
  i have no problem with people burning poppies , i do have a problem with ** graffiti on memorials in my own country ** which in the case in bulgaria is not what has happened , the memorial just serves as a reminder of soviet occupation . 
  but the ussr is far far worse than anything the west did in the same period , and they and communist regimes in general are the cause of millions of deaths in the 20th century . 
  i 've studied enough cold war and pre-war history to understand how bad the soviet union really were . 
  it is not western propaganda , it is the truth , the soviet union was a terrible dictatorship . 
   i do not associate myself with any country , because i find labeling ones self only makes you stupider and is just another dimension of segregation . 
  lol . 
  this monument stands for what the soviet union was , a murderous dictatorship that killed millions of innocents including in bulgaria . 
  the soviet union tried to exterminate the ukrainian people by starving them to death before the war , stalin killed millions in his political purges and killed millions of regular pows , he was a monster as bad as hitler , responsible for genocide the same as hitler . 
  the soviet union wrecked these countries , killed thousands of regular people , and these soldiers may have only been following orders but they are still responsible , they still represent a terrible evil regime . 
   look upon thyselves and thine actions before criticizing others !, 
  funding genocides in other countries , starting wars upon countries that were turning communist , creating internal disputes and destabilising entire nations for your own good !, 
  the soviets did the exact same thing , can you not remember afghanistan , or how the ussr brutally put down revolts all over eastern europe , or shooting people trying to soviet berlin because they realised how repressive the communist regime was . 
   and yet people feel like it is unfair that they imposed a certain political rule over a country after preventing its own destruction . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  so they liberated eastern europe and that gives them the right to install puppet governments , kill thousands of people and strip people of their rights . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  oh right ok , same deal though , bulgaria went through the same occupation as czechoslovakia . 
  and your point is ? 
  because i 'm british i ca n't comment on how the ussr was a disgusting institution that invaded and subjugated countries for years , destroying their development and human rights ? 
  i noticed you 're not flaired , i 'm sure your country has done something terrible in the past too . 
  i 'm pointing out why nobody in czechoslovakia will give a shit about a monument to dead red army soldiers when they were repressed for 45 years by red army soldiers . 
  the soviet union was almost as bad as nazi germany when it came to human rights abuses . 
  i imagine you would n't really care if your country was subjugated under an unwanted dictatorship for 45 years that brutally repressed any thought of independence . 
  well at least they 're not starving them to death this time . 
  i. . . what are you talking about ? 
  i think you 're being downvoted for a making a stupid comment rather than being american . 
  no the italians gave up after we invaded and the germans took over ( not that they had a choice after italy fucked up in na ) we sided against the germans with the russians , it was a pact of convenience fighting the greater enemy that was fascism ( you 'd know all about that italy being the founder of fascism and all ) .
