  that putinbot . 
  the uk is n't an authoritarian dictatorship though . 
  it 's an actual working democracy , unlike russia . 
  and no i can not find any bbc journalists who have resigned ** on air ** . 
  neither are run by their respective governments . 
  the bbc is owned by the british government but is independent by law . 
  as far as i know the bbc has n't had journalists resign on air because they 're working for a propaganda regime . 
  unlike the russian government the british have n't made a habit of murdering journalists and opposition politicians . 
  the majority of the migrants are syrian refugees . 
  the overwhelming majority of those are not salafists . 
  syrians are n't salafists . 
  that 's a saudi thing . 
  because the exact same talking points on here are used about eastern europeans in the west . 
  also the whole ww2 thing . 
  just 70 years ago eastern europeans were discriminated against and murdered for their ethnicity . 
  at the moment eastern europeans are discriminating against syrians because of their ethnicity . 
  xenophobia is the hatred/fear of outsiders . 
  which describes the exact reaction of eastern europeans to syrians . 
  i said i 'm judging attitudes . 
  it 's quite clear in my post . 
  gladly . 
  the syrians are all middle class and educated . 
  if germany left the eu it 'd collapse . 
  if romanian left the eu there would be absolutely no change . 
  if germany left the eu it 'd collapse . 
  if romanian left the eu there would be absolutely no change . 
  i 'm not judging anyone . 
  i 'm judging the attitudes of eastern europeans on reddit and pointing out its identical to how eastern europeans are described by the right . 
  romania has a hdi below much of south america . 
  it 's a developing country . 
  which does n't come close to sorting out a problem that we caused . 
  we give money already marked as foreign aid . 
  we 're not spending additional funds . 
  it 's 4000 a year in a country of almost 70 million . 
  it 's pathetically low considering we are essentially the main historical cause of the region being so unstable . 
  because they 're not heartless cowards that do n't give a shit about other human beings like the uk . 
  my point is that there has been huge migrations from eastern europe into western europe . 
  significantly more than have come from syria . 
  and yet eastern europeans treat syrian refugees as subhuman , in much the same way as many western europeans treat eastern europeans . 
  it 's ironic as fuck . 
  how is giving human beings refuge from a brutal civil war going to ruin europe ? 
  or is just because they 're brown ? 
  lol . 
  helping brown people makes you sick to your stomach . 
  i hope merkel wins . 
  and absolutely nobody needs romania . 
  at least germany is an educated industrial powerhouse . 
  because a lot of the right wing western european press treats eastern europeans the same as eastern europeans treat the syrians . 
  as benefit scroungers who only exist to commit crimes/steal the native 's jobs . 
  eastern european xenophobia is so amusingly ironic . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pr2n7/knife_attack_at_swedish_school_5_injured_suspect/cw8zeae?context=3 that 's an example from this thread . 
  you 've got somebody `` saying what everybody 's thinking '' by asking if a muslim committed this crime with absolutely no evidence to support it . 
  people tend not to ask `` did a white person commit this crime '' because it does n't support their agenda . 
  the questioner deleted their thread but they were an / r/european user of course . 
  it 's basically the new coontown and should be treated as such . 
  i do n't know if you keep up with metareddit but it did go from a far-right slightly racist `` free speech '' / r/europe to an actual neo-nazi stronghold like the chimpire . 
  i mentioned above about holocaust deniers . 
  a very common tactic is say , asking how do you know 6 million jews dies followed by an `` innocent '' presentation of false evidence . 
  a similar thing often happens here . 
  i can imagine but a fairly harsh 30 day rule could certainly kerb a lot of the shit accounts . 
  fair play after a quick browse the sub is in better state than it was a month ago . 
  the `` just asking questions '' posts are still dodgy though . 
  fine i 'll resub and give it a go . 
  but it 's the 0 day accounts you really need to fix . 
  automoderator rules can sort that out easily . 
  i gave up on this sub a long time ago and only come around every now and again to see how rabid the user base is after a major event . 
  it was better than last time i visited but this thread is still pretty shit and that 's when a white dude murdered people . 
  there 's no point in reporting things when you wo n't implement policies to stop the constant 0 day account spam nor will you remove the `` just asking questions '' posts that holocaust deniers are famous for using and the constant low-level dog whistle racism . 
  getting rid of the mods who actually wanted to do something about it did n't help either ( before your time i know ) . 
  the mods honestly care way too much about not irritating the sub and not enough about stopping it from turning into / r/worldnews 2.0 . 
  how can you , a black person , [ post in a sub that has stuff like this ] ( https://archive.is/l0aga ) on a regular basis ? 
   lol , are we just now realizing that blacks are inherently more dangerous than any other race ( besides maybe mexicans ) ??? 
  either you 're lying and you 're not black or you 're too stupid or blind to see that these people literally view you as subhuman . 
  also your post makes absolutely no sense . 
  yes i am . 
  you participate in a subreddit populated by neo-nazis and run by neo-nazis . 
  many of the users were avid coontown users . 
  the top post this week is [ this ] ( https://grrrgraphics.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/european_vacation_ben_garrison.jpg ) posted by a coontowner . 
  it 's like going to a kkk rally and claiming you 're only going for the social activities and not because you 're racist . 
  ah so you were being prejudice against a huge , diverse group of people because of their religion ? 
  i guess hitler was n't racist because judaism is a religion and he went after all kinds of jews . 
  french , german , slavic etc. . you 're black ? 
  so what ? 
  black people can be racist too . 
  you 'd have thought it might have given you a little bit of perspective what it 's like to be abused because of an immutable characteristic . 
  oh somebody posting in / r/european whining about getting banned for being racist . 
  shocking . 
  it 'd probably get more upvotes if / s was n't included . 
  also lol at the new comment text . 
   hate speech of any kind will be removed . 
  hahahahhaha . 
  thanks to rising wave of islamophobic rhetoric recently in the mainstream press and on reddit i decided to have a look at some europol stats on terrorism in europe . 
  i was shocked to find ** out of 219 failed , foiled or completed attacks in 2012 only six were found to be religiously inspired . 
  ** [ pg 42 ] whilst the uk does not publish the motivation of terrorism offenses all 24 of its offenses where committed in northern ireland . 
  i 'd take an educated guess and state that they are all to do with separatism with a few possibly religiously motivated . 
  the number of arrests do show a different picture though . 
  of the 537 total arrests 159 were for religiously inspired terrorism offenses ( with the vast majority ( 91 ) of arrests taking place in france ) . 
  [ pg 43 ] finally i 'd like to copy europol 's `` key judgement '' on religiously motivated terrorism . 
   the terrorist threat in the eu remains strong and varied as indicated by an increase in the number of attacks . 
  the terrorist threat in the eu remains diverse ; there were 17 deaths as a result of terrorist activity of all types in 2012 , a steep rise in comparison to the figure of two deaths reported last year1 .
