  100,000 people have already died and there is no sign that the conflict is stopping . 
  this needs to be ended . 
  countries do , ca n't you remember the furore over those russian spies caught a few years ago . 
  it 's also one of the primary jobs of an embassy , to gather intelligence regarding a country 's situation . 
   why the fuck would assad use these chemical weapons after 2 years of not using them there is some pretty strong evidence they have been used before , multiple times . 
   now after he finally winning the war and a single day after un chemical weapons inspectors arrive ? 
  he 's not winning , that 's the problem . 
  the rebels have recaptured a number of areas after the syrian army 's offensive in june and assad knows he can not afford for this to gone on much longer before somebody in the region intervenes . 
  why will his government not allow the un inspection teams to visit that area ? 
   false flags are the standard operating procedure of how usa has entered wars for the last 60 years . 
  go on ? 
  name a few ? 
  the rebels do not have the delivery methods , they have missile platforms , not helicopters and no heavy artillery . 
  they can not launch the weapons even if they have them . 
  it 's not a false flag , there have been numerous reports of weapon usage before . 
  to be perfectly honest there is zero evidence that the rebels have done it , zero evidence that this is the work of an outside force , the evidence we do have points to assad . 
  you have no evidence to say that the rebels did it and still make these claims . 
  russia wants to keep their ally in power and more importantly their naval base . 
  russia could n't give a shit about upholding anything and is trying to keep its influence in the middle east alive . 
  this is just standard geopolitics for both sides . 
  any intervention is likely to be more like syria and not involve ground troops outside of special forces . 
  it 's fairly clear chemical weapons have been used and only assad can deploy them . 
  countries spy on other countries , news at 11 . 
  no private property owners can set rules for how people are dressed when they enter their private property . 
  the burkha thing in france is law made by the french government . 
  apart from the first one which never set any precedent and applied to just one person the other two are about people on private property who can do what they want . 
  i mentioned their answers in a reply to another post . 
   when marx talks about communism being a stateless society , what he is referring to is the `` final '' stage of communism where the people truly have power and control over the means of production , where there is no more leaders in the sense of government , but instead a large collection of self governed communes that interact with each other . 
  so you expect sell governed communes to really work without any infighting ? 
   i think that this question can not quite be answered . 
  any stateless society will grow out of material conditions we have not seen or experienced on a mass scale . 
  so until it happens , we can only speculate ( schrodinger 's communism ! ) . 
  this commenter is saying that it we do n't know how it 's going to work yet , but do n't worry it will !, 
  somehow !, 
  what a load of crap , so it is essentially a pipe dream with no basis in reality . 
  well human rights according to the socialist states were non-existent , people were executed by kangaroo courts , locked up in prison camps , millions died due to starvation and were not allowed to keep food for themselves or move out of the area . 
  yeh that sounds fucking wonderful , far better than the human rights in capitalist western states , who wants fair trials and free speech ? 
  answer my question then !, 
  i am not trolling i making a point that stateless society will never happen because all law and order will break down . 
  how will you keep law and order without a state ? 
  and yet the first stage of the transition from capitalism to communism is a socialist state , which nobody has managed to get right without millions dying and human rights being crushed . 
  tell me how you will keep law and order without a state ? 
  or keep industrial plants from blowing up without regulations ? 
  i keep on being told i 'm clueless but nobody is mentioning why . 
  are you saying the ussr was n't a communist state ? 
  but a stateless society is a ridiculous concept , how will you keep law and order , utilities , education , basic things like food production going without a centralised state on a scale like a country ? 
  what about defence ? 
  what about environmental and safety regulations ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/totalitarianism  totalitarianism ( or totalitarian rule ) is a term employed by some political scientists to describe a political system in which the state holds total authority over the society and seeks to control all aspects of public and private life whenever necessary . 
  sounds very much like the ussr and china under mao to me . 
  show me a communist state that did n't devolve into a totalitarian regime . 
  like those huge stateless societies we saw in ussr , china and cuba ... 
  haha i know what you mean , in the defaults any non popular comment is downvoted and i ca n't imagine pure communism is popular . 
  i 'll read that tomorrow , if i 'm honest i have a fair amount of reading i want to do on various subjects involving communism and socialism but my god there is a lot that is recommended reading . 
  i replied fully if you got an inbox before i was finished , sorry . 
  i 'm also having fun having this debate and i 'm not downvoting you , somebody else is doing that and they 're not helping . 
  are states that lasted for less than three years during civil wars really valid ? 
  in spain at least thousands were murdered for having differing views or being a member of the catholic church ? 
  are they really a good example of a successful socialist/anarchist state that did n't persecute anybody ? 
   also the reason why states that attempt to turn socialist often have strong government would be due to that fact that they must protect themselves from modern imperialism . 
  is this really an excuse to persecute millions who disagree with socialism ? 
   also the terminology is very clear , a socialist society is one in which the means of production are socially owned , that 's it , you are not a socialist . 
  ok you are right here , i am a social democrat rather than a democratic socialist . 
  i believe that some industries ( particularly utilities and transport ) should be nationalised but others should remain private ( or publicly by shares in a company ) owned , but workers should have greater rights to form unions and strike than they do now ( in the uk at least , which because of your flair i imagine you 're savvy too ) . 
  i 'm also not going to go into detail but many of the current laws regarding trade unions and workers ' rights should be repealed or altered , in my opinion . 
  btw i am not downvoting you , i do n't know who is but they should stop , we 're having a polite discussion abut a controversial topic and i 'm quite enjoying it . 
   i massively disagree with you there though , as communism is a stateless society there is no government to persecute anybody , also i see no evidence for this . 
  point me to a stateless communist state . 
  the idea of a country surviving without a state is a laughable concept . 
  every state that has turned communist has also had a strong central government . 
  ok perhaps i can not call myself a democratic socialist , but the terminology is not exactly clear and the definition of both terms are not agreed upon . 
  i saying that every communist state degenerates into a totalitarian police state . 
  i 'd also describe myself as a democratic socialist , i want to preserve democracy but transition to a part state , part privately owned economy with the same civil right protections as present in most western states . 
  i do n't believe the failings of the soviet union and china have disproved the entirety of socialist theory , i believe they have disproven the notions of complete state control of the economy and violent revolutionary take over of the current system . 
  they have also disproven the idea of full blown communism being compatible with the basic human rights of free speech , freedom of movement and freedom of persecution . 
  i mean your proving my point that the retort is usually `` these are not truly communist states '' . 
  and you 've proved my point . 
  you point out that these states are not truly communist and yet they started with communist rebellions . 
  how many states will have to have popular communist rebellions but fall to totalitarianism before you admit communism is a failed practical ideology . 
  the soviet union , china , north korea ( though that 's a whole different thing now ) , cuba . 
  all communist states with horrible human rights records , who ( in the case of china and the ussr ) murdered 10s of millions of people . 
  the usual reply to this is `` those are not communist states '' which is complete bullshit , all those states ( apart from nk ) were formed thanks to popular communist rebellions . 
  what they morphed into is not relevant , it just shows that a true communist state is impossible . 
   i agree with you that it degenerates downhill quickly , but even by starting to implement it or bring it about they 're effectively declaring war on half the village and accepting crimes against humanity as a necessary burden . 
  which is my major problem with communism . 
  but remember there are other similar groups that believe a revolution can come about using the current democratic systems , not all communists believe in violent revolution . 
  communism as an ideology is fine , worker controlled production and everybody being free with no class system seems like a good way to live . 
  in reality it degenerates into an authoritarian dictatorship with a class system , it will never work in real life . 
  ms are better than any other os for security updates , osx is well behind and linux is not much better , just those two a rarely used so they have security through obscurity whcih is bad . 
   we are no longer under threat of becoming a police state , we are already living in one . 
  no we are not , the fact that the guardian could report on this in the first place proves this . 
  we still have judicial oversight , we have a democratic parliament and we have the right to free speech . 
  stop being so melodramatic . 
   you 're clearly a microsoft shill . 
  you are clearly a conspiratard , please get out of this subreddit and go and moan about sheeple in your own sub . 
  for a good reason , microsoft products are tried and tested , their support is good and most users are used to ms software . 
  i would n't want to use libreoffice or it 's other open source cousins because office is just a far better product . 
   sure people had to endure hard labour in the middle of a snowy desert , but i for one am in favour of hard labour punishment rather than the system of privatised prisons we have in the modern day . 
  as an idea , it 's great . 
  if your a criminal , and you 've had a negative impact on society then off you go to do some free labour to work off your debts to society .
