  their ideology is based on violence , racism and is antithetic to the concept of democracy . 
  if that means banning their political party so be it . 
  how is this action illegal ? 
  it 's intelligence services doing what they 've always done , gather intelligence . 
  the media report these huge shale gas figures here in the uk whilst conveniently leaving out that we might be able to extract 10 per cent of the total reserves economically . 
  i imagine it 's a similar situation in polish media . 
  how is polish shale extraction going ? 
  last thing i heard exxon , talisman and marathon all pulled out . 
  communism is n't based on racism and the superiority of certain people . 
  but i really do n't see your point . 
  there is no debate to be had about fascism , it is an ideology built on racism and violence , it lead to the largest , deadliest war in human history , i have no problem with fascist parties being banned . 
  not all anti-fascists are anarchists or communists , i 'm a social democrat and i actively oppose fascism with peaceful protest and if it was ever necessary ( not that it is in my country ) violence . 
  fascism needs to be stamped out before it can grow , it is too dangerous . 
  not really , you do n't have a choice what your race is , you have a choice in picking your political ideology and if that ideology involves murdering your way to power , destroying democracy and discriminating against non-white people then you are scum . 
  well the state in this case are weak and powerless , they are not doing anything about the fascists , about violence against people . 
  when the state fails its duty to ensure people and democracy are safe citizens have to do something . 
  organised violence to fight organised violence , sometimes it 's necessary . 
  surely antifas see fascists as less than human and unfit for society ? 
  i have zero problem with that , fascists are scum . 
  well i assume the antifas are n't racist , xenophobic , totalitarians who want to get rid of democracy and live in a dictatorship so i 'm gon na go with the fascists being worse . 
  none of your points really have merit . 
  i 'm not talking about whether it 's moral or not just that it 's necessary and that is that their job is to gather and analyse intelligence gathered from multiple sources , including the internet . 
  i 'm british , our system is n't perfect but it 's pretty good . 
  it leads to stable governments that can actually do something , something proportional representation struggles to do . 
  besides most political analysts believe that in the next few years at least we will have coalition governments , the rise of ukip , a new party shows that people can and will vote for different parties . 
  i 'm talking about legal safeguards , our judicial system , our parliamentary traditions , the fact that a lot of mps actually care about democracy . 
  i mean that as in that 's what people think . 
  very few people are interested enough in politics to care about government spying programs . 
  besides i really do n't have a problem with the nsa spying , it 's their job , governments have been intercepting phone calls for years and the fabled police state has not come around yet . 
  our democracy is too strong and there are way too many safeguards to prevent that . 
  what i do have a problem with is the lack of oversight and their attempts to mess with encryption . 
  perhaps nobody gives a shit because it does n't directly affect anyone and never will ? 
  i recently read an article in the chemical engineer that mentioned this , it 's not just gazprom but all the large o & g companies that do n't have unconventional reserves . 
  i 'm sure you 'll see far more misinformation come from these companies in the near future . 
  reports on the royal expenditure do n't include security , which when it was last reported was [ # 128 million ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/theroyalfamily/9417699/royal-family-members-may-lose-guards.html ) , certainly negating that estimated # 200 million . 
  you could also argue that tourism would be increased if all the palaces were opened up . 
  personally i think we should behead a royal once a year , sell seating and tv rights , we 'd make a fortune . 
  outdated ? 
  an aircraft carrier is the only way to use air power on the oceans or away from friendly bases , without one it is impossible to launch invasions or operate a navy away from home without support . 
   if you 're speaking about your adopted home , i suggest you should do so in a much more respectful tone . 
  why ? 
  they 're british . 
  one thing we have pride in is freedom of speech , they are more than free to insult britain . 
  we just have the freedom to mention why they are wrong . 
   rest assured , the uks time in the sun is slowly setting while russia is only getting brighter . 
  come back when the uk makes it illegal to spread `` homosexual propaganda '' and our elections are fixed . 
  italy has more aircraft carriers too , generally a measure of how much clout a country has . 
  nope , these things would take millenia to crack with today 's fastest supercomputers they are perfectly secure and will be even in the near future barring any kind of mathematical failure in the encryption algorithm . 
  the thing is when computers get faster you can just increase the key length making things even harder to crack . 
  from a quick look at their blog tor cloud is just a way to rent ec2 server time and run bridges rather than a storage solution . 
  you do n't want to store anything sensitive anywhere that you do not control , tor may have cloud servers but you do n't know what their security is like , who has access or what laws apply at the physical server location . 
  the only way you can be sure your data is secure is by storing it yourself and using your own security measures . 
  if you want to store anything at all sensitive in the cloud you 're doing it wrong . 
  do n't upload stuff that you do n't want other people seeing to other people 's servers . 
  if they can cracking truecrypt containers , which with a decent password can not be done . 
  err this article is from 2011 and only seems to appear in the telegraph ( anti-europe ) and the daily mail ( just an unbelievably shite paper ) . 
  hitler only initially wanted the jews out of the country and not part of society , he also killed gypsies in concentration camps by the hundreds of thousands . 
  the jews have historically been viewed as a problem , not integrating into their countries culture , viewed as christ killers and thieves . 
  it 's a very valid comparison . 
  why do n't we start concentrating them in camps to ? 
  then when we have enough we can ship them all to madagascar ? 
  oh wait you 're talking about gypsies , sorry i thought you were talking about the jews . 
  they have been a problem for millenia , it is naive you think you can somehow change this in a reasonable time frame . 
  ca n't you remember all those pogroms and expulsions ? 
  thank god people who actually do something about this are n't as disgustingly prejudiced as the people in this thread . 
  it 's not easy to produce chemical weapons or run a chemical plant , you need training and experience to run them , the rebels likely have n't got that training . 
  and you ca n't just store chemical weapons all willy nilly , you need secure storage . 
  so are you saying assad should carry on leading syria and not suffer any repercussions for mass murder ? 
  good job that 's not how it works . 
  we do n't but our intelligence programs sure as hell do , at least in the uk our parliament 's intelligence and security committee-who meet in private-should be informed of the details and evidence against the assad regime . 
  the public ca n't be told right now because this is an ongoing operation and warfare is all about concealment and espionage . 
  as long as this intervention is limited to destruction of chemical weapons , as has been stated by the us and the uk , i do n't really care who did it . 
  but assad needs to go , he has killed 100,000 civilians , he is a war criminal and deserves to stand trial . 
  removing the chemical weapons hopefully , if the stores are destroyed then no more chemical weapons . 
  the weapons were deployed using missiles . 
  no they have n't you stupid fuck . 
  go pick up a news paper and it will say that the government has allowed inspectors in to any area ** except ** were the attack took place . 
  what about vietnam and iraq ? 
  nobody can agree on tonkin and iraq was n't a false flag it was a complete lie . 
  you can not compare iraq and this because they are totally different situations . 
  also i can now see the type of conspiracy nutcase i 'm talking to , bbc propaganda network , what a fucking joke . 
   uk wants to take down syria so they can build their pipeline in the country which russia has been blocking . 
  russia wants to keep their hold on the natural gas monopoly in europe and this pipeline would destroy it . 
  thus russia has been backing assad so they can continue to block this pipeline . 
  no no no no no . 
  are you an idiot ? 
  russia is backing assad because they moscow 's only ally in the region and they have their only base in the med there . 
  it bypasses the easily controlled bosphorous . 
   the only reason uk gives a shit is about $ $ , not about the people . 
  if uk attacks there will be tens of thousands of innocent childrens blood on their hands . 
  do you think they give a fuck ? 
  ofcourse not . 
  this is all about gas money and this pipeline . 
  nothing more . 
  well that 's just plain untrue . 
  the uk gives a shit about having an ally in the region and getting rid of a pro-russian dictator . 
  also they do actually seem to care about assad 's use of chemical weapons . 
  it crosses a line . 
  do you know how this would work ? 
  there would not be boots on the ground and it would be like syria .
