  but even before that we held our own against the germans and easily beat the italians in north africa ( hence rommel was called in to sort that mess out ) , we also supplied the russians with a fairly large amount of resources and equipment to keep them going . 
  i do n't need to mention your unemployment rate and the fact you 're still touch and go when it comes to possibly need a bailout ( from the germans amusingly , it 's like north africa all over again ) . 
  you can rescue them and send them back instead of letting them drown , that 's the humane thing to do . 
  wait you 're talking about shitty countries ? 
  i 'm sure you 're so happy in italy were your previous leader was the joke of europe and paid for sex with underage prostitutes , i 'm sure you can easily start a revolution to remove your incredibly corrupt and useless leadership . 
  oh wait last time you had a revolution it was to let in a load of fascists and fight so poorly in ww2 even your german allies hated you . 
  the fucking romanians were more competent . 
  at least they did n't switch sides half way through . 
  so seriously , these people must live in some incredibly shitty conditions if they are willing to cross the med and risk their lives with just the chance of living somewhere as mediocre as italy . 
  you can not let another human being die because they are from a different country . 
  because they 're human beings who were born in another country and deserve not to die . 
  just because we were lucky enough to live in a prosperous free western democracy does not mean the rest of the human race were . 
  they wanted their own child that they made . 
  i see nothing wrong with it , it 's only like picking a father for a child if they were straight and dating , it 's some really vague stats , nothing like iq . 
  two of my lesbian friends had a child using a semi-random sperm donor . 
  they were given a list of height , eye colour , hair colour , skin colour ( they are both white , it 'd be a bit weird if they 'd had a black baby ) and job and picked out a donor . 
  they are not allowed to know anything personal about him but the child is given the option of finding out and meeting him when he gets to 18 . 
  the donor also ca n't be told anything about the parents or child and it is up to the child to find out about the biological father . 
  statically black neighbourhoods are more likely to be crime ridden , does n't mean they 're all thieves . 
  it 's the same thing just with roma replaced by blacks , that 's all the justification is for being racist towards black people . 
  as i said , we have irish travellers , different culture same problems . 
  that 's not a source . 
  it 's not from a peer reviewed journal , in fact it looks like a racist pamphlet . 
  and there shines your true colours , black people in the us are far more likely to have had a poor education , be paid less and live in poverty than white people . 
  socioeconomic status is a far better indicator of crime than skin colour . 
  gypsies are widely persecuted by the police and governments throughout europe , they are far more likely to be arrested than any other ethnic group, 
  the problem with the blacks is cultural , not ethnic . 
  this is a community of thieves , beggars , and people who feel they are above the law . 
  they just happen to be of the same ethnic group . 
  we already have gypsies , just different ones . 
  treating them like human beings instead of scum for a start . 
  walling them in and forgetting about them is the best idea you can up with ? 
  really ? 
  i 've lived near gypsies ( not roma ) and yes they were terrible , they left rubbish everywhere , were anti-social and crime went up . 
  but treating them like absolute shit , excluding them from society , that 's not going to help the problem is it ? 
  so what ? 
  the jews were hated by every european country for hundreds of years , it 's still racism . 
  maybe your too blinded by prejudice to see that . 
  yes , let 's have the uniformed masses dictate policy . 
  that always works out well and never leads to persecution of minorities . 
  really / r/europe . 
  i 'm no fan of gypsies but walling them off and forgetting about them is not a good idea and i 'm appalled it 's being condoned . 
  it was n't long ago that another minority were walled off in a city because they were n't particularly popular ( hint it was the jews ) . 
  edit : well this is interesting . 
  as well as widespread persecution by the police and government we have segregated education . 
   the practice of placing romani students in segregated schools or classes remains widespread in countries across central and eastern europe . 
  in hungary , romania , bulgaria , and slovakia , many romani children have been channeled into all-romani schools that offer inferior quality education and are sometimes in poor physical condition , or into segregated all-romani or predominantly romani classes within mixed schools . 
  in hungary , bulgaria , and slovakia , many romani children are sent to classes for pupils with learning disabilities , regardless of whether such classes are appropriate for the children in question or not . 
  in bulgaria , they are also sent to so-called `` delinquent schools '' , where a variety of human rights abuses take place . 
  maybe after people have treated you and your group like shit for hundreds of years and continue to do so to this day they no longer want to integrate into society . 
  well i 'm fairly left wing so the idea of state intervention in a lot of things is appealing to me . 
  i just think that you reckon people would follow rules because of education and peer pressure is hilarious . 
  it 's like you do n't live in the real world . 
  i kind of get communists , at least there 's order , but anarchists . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/09/books/review/the-better-angels-of-our-nature-by-steven-pinker-book-review.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0  pinker begins with studies of the causes of death in different eras and peoples . 
  some studies are based on skeletons found at archaeological sites ; averaging their results suggests that 15 percent of prehistoric humans met a violent death at the hands of another person . 
  research into contemporary or recent hunter-gatherer societies yields a remarkably similarly average , while another cluster of studies of pre-state societies that include some horticulture has an even higher rate of violent death . 
  in contrast , among state societies , the most violent appears to have been aztec mexico , in which 5 percent of people were killed by others . 
  got ta love that lack of state . 
  honestly if the eu sticks together we have the economic power to keep china in check , the us are not going to fall for a long time , they will be overtake by china economically but china will not be able to match the us military ( especially the us navy ) for years . 
  those three countries have no need to be nuclear armed , the us already is and has been mentioned above is a firm ally of a number of countries in that region . 
  there 's no dispute that would make china even consider using nuclear weapons though , their government is not insane and they understand the consequences for their use . 
  as for the asia-pacific region in general , those three countries can more than handle themselves , china does not have a navy that can compete with them and will take a few decades before they are close . 
  they are technologically backwards compared to the south korean and japanese armed forces . 
  china has no motivation anyway , they 're all too economically linked for anything more than sabre rattling or a few minor skirmishes . 
   one has nuclear weapons and essentially unlimited troops , this is n't command & conquer ; china could quite easily project into its surrounding area and the only reason it does n't is the us . 
  china would n't use its nukes , their leadership might be brutal but they are not insane , they no if they used their nukes it 'd be end game . 
  china could project over land sure . 
  but over sea ? 
  no chance , they do n't have the equipment , most analysts do n't believe china could even successfully invade taiwan let alone say the philippines . 
  even if they successfully landed a beach head they do n't have the naval or air power to keep supply lines open , it 's not going to happen anytime soon . 
   it could be worse - they could be annexing those states under a communist dictatorship . 
  which is what awaits if the evil us backs off . 
  you 're living in a cold war mentality . 
  china has no motivation to do that , the status quo treats them well already . 
  why would they need to invade annex other counties ? 
  nope , not like in some tribes 1/3rd of all deaths were caused by warfare and murder , [ oh wait ] ( http://www.clas.ufl.edu/users/davidson/arch%20of%20death/week%2008/1991%20milner%20et%20al.%20prehistoric%20warfare%20.pdf ) . 
  it was a regular occurrence , some scholars put that figure even higher . 
  if you think people can live in harmony with no overarching system of rules and sanctions then you are deluded . 
  it will never happen and has never happened in the history of man . 
  we are pack animals , we have defined leaders and followers , even in informal social situations such as work or school or friendship groups there are leaders . 
  at least communism could work if there are sufficient checks in place to stop somebody getting too much power . 
  anarchism , what a joke . 
  yeh that will never ever work . 
  i 'm being a bit facetious . 
  the us does make the world a more peaceful place thanks to it 's overwhelming military strength . 
  but it is n't a particularly moral country , and is responsible for thousands of deaths in south america thanks to the various dictators they 've installed , comparing that to pax britannia say is n't helpful , you ca n't really compare the two thanks to what is ethically ok changing the last 200 years ( scientific racism was part of the reason colonialism was justified for instance ) . 
  continued european peace is more to do with the cold war and quick economic integration when the iron curtain fell , the eu has played a huge part in that . 
  i agree with you on everything but the last part . 
  japan , south korea and australia are more than capable of defending themselves from the most powerful player in the region , china . 
  china does n't have the hardware or the experience to project its power , it has one barely functioning aircraft carrier and an outdated navy . 
  in a shooting war between china and japan ( or even taiwan-but that 's thanks to us hardware ) the chinese would be confined to the mainland . 
  the current system of relative peace is ok , if you do n't live in a country that does n't get along with the us and is n't china or russia . 
  the united states has a bad habit of invading countries it does n't like and deposing rulers that disagree with them . 
  is n't that the definition of anarchism ? 
  if there 's no state then there ca n't be any rules because there is no higher power to set or enforce them . 
  i 'm more thinking about how the us invades a lot of countries or overthrows democratically elected leaders and installs a us friendly dictator . 
  things like that . 
  do they honestly think that the us makes the world a more peaceful place ?
