  it worked so well for them last time ... 
  hahahahahaha , do you honestly think society will work without a huge number of rules and regulations with sanctions if yo break them ? 
  are you that deluded , it would break down , survival of the most powerful , fuck the poor , fuck minorities , fuck the vast majority of people . 
  all extremist politics whether far left or far right are bad . 
  because people really want complete dissolution of the state , that 's so much better than communism ... 
  well the far left usually means a complete reordering of social hierarchy and redistribution of wealth . 
  so my example is every single communist regime in history , they removed people 's wealth , killed hundreds of thousands of `` enemies of the revolution '' and generally turned countries into oppressive , autocratic hell holes . 
  most people dislike the far-left as much as the far-right . 
  they are both destructive ( the far left probably more ) to people 's already comfortable lives . 
  people do n't like change , especially when that change affects them negatively . 
  you mean like church bells ? 
  is 5 per cent really a large percentage ? 
  funnily enough they did n't always use loudspeakers for the call to prayer , it just helps more people hear them . 
  the call has been used for hundreds of years , it 's as much a tradition as church bells . 
  i 'm more talking about the / r/worldnews thread when it comes to the hatred of muslims not you ( though / r/europe is often pretty bad ) . 
  it 's just every time a story like this comes up ( new , badly translated , eye-opening headline ) everybody makes up their own mind about what happens and does n't bother about waiting for the entire story . 
  i think the idea is that often these women are being forced to wear burkas by their husbands/fathers . 
  but then you 've stopped women who actually want to wear burkas from having the freedom to wear them . 
  it 's a controversial and very complex issue . 
  oh no , a different religion has different traditions from me . 
  it 's horrible and aggressive because western culture is far superior to those savages in the middle east . 
  wait you 're in a foreign , muslim majority country and you 're offended by their call to prayer ? 
  that 's the same as a muslim complaining about our church bells being rung . 
  can you imagine the response on reddit if that ever happened ? 
  perhaps it would be better to wait for an official investigation instead of jumping on the hate bandwagon based on a badly translated news article . 
  he did have to execute a king first ... 
  i hate radical muslims too , radical anything is generally bad . 
  but the extrapolate that to `` muslims ca n't be european '' is what i have a problem with and is what 's bigoted . 
   firstly it 's nonsense to use it as negative when it comes to religion no it is n't , if you say you hate somebody because of their religion you are a bigot . 
  if you hate somebody because of their race , culture , sexuality or religion you are a bigot . 
  it 's a simple thing . 
   bigotry is the state of mind of a bigot : someone who , as a result of their prejudices , treats other people with hatred , contempt , or intolerance on the basis of a person 's ethnicity , religion , national origin , gender , sexual orientation , disability , socioeconomic status , or other characteristics . 
  source : wikipedia, 
  hang on what ? 
  what a stupid thing to say , being european is about where you are born and your loyalties to a country and not religion . 
  but the prime minister is still technically a subject of the queen . 
  i know it does n't work in reality but it 's the idea that somebody is n't your equal because of their birth . 
  i know quite a few and would count myself as anti-monarchy , i do n't like it because of the whole `` they 're a monarchy they are born better than you , no matter how successful you become you are still their subjects '' , it seems fundamentally wrong in modern society that somebody is still deemed better than you and a position in society is totally insurmountable because of the family they are born in . 
  at least in say the us you can be born into poverty and have a chance ( though extremely slim ) of becoming the head of state . 
  that 's impossible in the uk . 
  young white male and straight is the vast majority of reddit . 
  if you remember that it explains a lot of reddit and reddits behaviour . 
  it must be < 1 % muslim then , explains a lot of these comment threads ... 
  i do n't get racists , should n't you be slightly less obvious . 
  first of all white_rights , next the [ 1488 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourteen_words ) . 
  i mean seriously ? 
  try harder next time . 
  all based on the claims of a 4000 year old fairy tale . 
  apparently it is legal to chase someone down the street then shoot them when they defend themselves though . 
   the attackers ? 
  where were the attackers here ? 
      edit : okkkkkk i read again the op english source and i understand all of your confusions people . 
      it 's because the guy who wrote the article is a dumbass who apparently ca n't translate properly . 
      the whole `` banging and kicking at the doors and windows of the mayor 's home and his car '' thing happened after the shooting , to confront him . 
      sources bad translation apparently . 
  actually there were less than 1000 murders by fists and feet in the us in 2011 . 
  compare that to over 8500 gun murders . 
  source : https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2011/crime-in-the-u.s.-2011/tables/table-20, 
  or you know , israel is illegally settling on palestinian land and the eu thinks it 's wrong . 
  i 'll second this , it 's been downvoted for some reason but rt is just a mouthpiece for the russian government and is incredibly biased . 
  i tried worldpolitics for a week , i think 75 per cent of the articles were about jews . 
  like proper conspiracy theory stuff too . 
  depends , i know some northern irish catholics that get annoyed if they 're referred to as british . 
  i also call their home town of derry , londonderry just to wind them up ( we 're friends , it 's just banter ) . 
  the virgin mary sure gets around . 
  because sometimes , when are at risk of violence and persecution in your own country you have to flee for your life . 
  being from western europe you 're not really going to have any idea what that 's like . 
   also , there is no outright war in libya or somalia . 
  wow . 
  libya is still recovering from a violent revolution and the country is not exactly peaceful , it 's not in the news much anymore so i 'll forgive you for that . 
  but somalia ?!, 
  somalia is n't a country anymore , it 's a series of separate states that have been warring for decades , it 's been top of the failed states list for years now . 
  i saw the top comment and stayed out . 
  / r/europe hates muslims and gypsies and then claims they 're not bigoted . 
  is this really news ? 
  you only have to visit / r/worldnews to see the place is overrun with racists . 
  most of the other defaults are n't much better . 
  but that 's a huge part of being in the eu . 
  freedom of movement . 
   as of march 2012 , pumped-storage hydroelectricity ( psh ) is the largest-capacity form of grid energy storage available ; the electric power research institute ( epri ) reports that psh accounts for more than 99 % of bulk storage capacity worldwide , around 127,000 mw . 
  it 's the only one widely used . 
  i 'm all for the usage of renewables but there does need to be a stable , baseline of electricity generation . 
  there is a baseline , the usage spikes are generally temporary and predictable and so can be mitigated using fast generation methods ( pumped storage for instance ) . 
  not really , locations for the pumped storage stations are finite and most do n't last longer than a few hours at most . 
  they are handy for spikes in capacity but ca n't be relied for a long time . 
  there needs to be a steady , reliable source of energy and wind and solar are not the answer . 
  we have a heatwave . 
  everyone 's complaining because it 's too hot . 
  welcome to britain . 
  how anybody expects renewables to power 80 per cent of a country i do n't know . 
  the spikes and dips are huge when it comes to renewables and the only steady flow of electricity comes from hydro , fossil fuels or nuclear . 
  but i believe your government have said they do n't want anymore nuclear power ? 
  i hate environmentalist groups because they are on a crusade against nuclear power even though renewables are not advanced enough or stable enough to power a country , they are , ironically , part of the reason global warming is not being mitigated . 
  i 'm fairly sure if you want a beer anywhere in europe you go to a bar and making a tipping a glass motion with your hand towards your mouth . 
  it 's worked everywhere i 've been . 
  it read in a negative tone , if i assumed wrong i apologise . 
  why is this even a problem ? 
  who cares , we 're all human beings just with different skin colours . 
  why is that a bad thing ? 
  a larger population tends to mean more power and prosperity .
