  inciting racial hatred is illegal in many european countries , i personally have no problem with arresting somebody for promoting hatred towards certain groups just because of their skin colour or ethnicity . 
  yup . 
   authorities later conceded there was no specific plot and they were released . 
   instead mr vikernes is now being tried for inciting racial hatred and glorifying war crimes in some of his writings on the internet . 
  still a wanker . 
  there are legitimate concerns , but the way englishnumpty worded it ( and their post history being fairly pro-ukip ) reeks of racism . 
   but people who will straight away go into the lowest socioeconomic rung of society with little to no chance of cultural assimilation in their lifetime and due to cultural differences probably wo n't assimilate until their third-fourth generation . 
  how about they start up their own business or getting a job like the thousands of poor pakistani and indian migrants that came in the latter half of last century ? 
  people who have the ability to migrate are usually wealthy enough to afford it and fairly well educated . 
  asylum seekers are a different case , these people are running away from war or persecution and the rules are still very strict about letting them in ( hence the whole point of this post ) . 
  he means brown people and muslims . 
  so have we . 
  the uk is n't a third world country , we literally invented the modern world ( industrial revolution ) , had a major part in the invention of the internet ( http ) , the jet engine , a huge number of everyday chemical processes ( including the contact process for sulphuric acid , possibly the most important chemical process out there ) , our language is the standard language of communication and we even created gta 5 . 
  i 'd just rather live in a place were if i get sick i can go see a doctor without worrying about going bankrupt if i lose my job . 
  he posts in libertarian . 
  who cares if we 're not as powerful , i 'd rather have a safety net and universal healthcare than a few aircraft carriers . 
  also our political system is far better than the us 's and shit actually gets sorted out , major questions are being asked about gchq oversight ( imo the spying is n't the problem ) and we actually have a third ( and fourth up and coming ) party that gives people a choice instead of right wing and far-right wing like in the us . 
  a multi-billion dollar petrochemicals company is not going to give a shit what the public thinks about its nox emissions , the public can not do anything to them . 
  they ca n't boycott a firm that big because they sell to thousands of other companies ( and boycotts do n't work ) . 
  tldr, 
  they both kill people in large numbers ( at a time ) and cause mass panic ? 
  and without legislation things like the current financial crisis happen . 
  there 's a fine line between too much regulation and too little . 
  there are then regulations on h&s and environmental matters which are far far more important , they might cost money to enforce and certainly cost money for companies to not break them but they 're usually there for good reason . 
  europe is in a recession thanks to poor regulation and american junk loans , it is struggling to come out of recession thanks to austerity policies . 
  our government spends less on healthcare than the us and everybody , from the rich to the poor , can use it , nobody has to worry about being bankrupted because they have n't got insurance . 
  our energy service , alongside our trains and water companies are privatised ( i.e. 
  `` free market '' ) and they are some of the most expensive in europe , nationalised services tend to offer cheaper services as they do n't have to make a profit . 
  freedom of choice is not a human right . 
  taxes are not breaking any human rights ( i assume that 's what you are moaning about ) . 
  if you do n't want to pay taxes go live without education , roads , a police service , any kind of defence or frankly any kind of civilisation . 
  this is why libertarianism is so bad , it 's a poorly thought through ideology based on greed . 
  taxes help the less fortunate who are poor through no fault of their own , they help everybody by pooling together money for large projects that help everyone . 
  people have been paying taxes in some form or other since the dawn of civilisation , a minor fringe organisation is not going to stop that . 
  without our intervention gaddafi would have won , libya would still be a dictatorship and there would have been many thousands of extra deaths ( and bengazi would have been flattened ) . 
  the current state of affairs is far better than it could have been without intervention , we even have oil and a potential ally in the region were we did have somebody who funded terrorism in europe . 
  the welfare state is the best thing about europe . 
  the ability to take risks and not lose everything means people are n't living in constant fear of losing their jobs or getting injured/ill . 
  contrary to popular belief , at least in the uk , it 's very hard to receive welfare if you are an immigrant . 
  but being a us libertarian ( lol ) you are n't going to understand any of that are you ? 
  europe likes universal health care and the welfare state , it 's what makes our countries fairer than the us . 
  we helped avoid a massacre in libya , and whilst things are n't perfect at least they 're living in a young ( fragile ) democracy rather than a police state . 
  we helped to avoid 100,000 + deaths and millions displaced as happened in syria . 
  you just have crazy people who go on a shooting spree once or twice a month . 
  mainly his conduct in this thread . 
  go and read some of the shit he 's posted here , it 's hilarious . 
  i 'm telling you to have compassion and not be a heartless moron who does n't have a clue . 
   people who could n't get their shit together and fight back are responsible . 
  your not very knowledgeable when it comes to history or even basic geography are you ? 
  you 're lucky you 're born and live in italy , the vast majority of the world 's population do n't have it so easy . 
   the moment i become like them , i do n't deserve to live anymore . 
  i understand that their situation is bad . 
  if the situation in this country became so bad that i had to emigrate i would never do it like them . 
  i would do it legally . 
  sure , when your family is in danger , you have had no working government for the last decade , most of your country is controlled by islamic militants and there is no education system , police , power , clean water and little food and you have no skills as you have n't ever had an education , i 'm sure you will apply through the proper channels ( though you probably ca n't read or write let alone speak english ) . 
  have some compassion for your fellow man , you have absolutely know idea what they are suffering , you 've been to school , do n't fear for your life constantly , have clean water and lots of food and power . 
   i have food on my table because me and my ancestors worked hard to make the future a better place . 
  it 's not luck , it 's hard work . 
  i was just as lucky as them . 
  and if my ancestors were better than theirs they should probably man up and do what their ancestors did n't do , instead of going somewhere they 're not wanted . 
  wtf is this bullshit ? 
  you got lucky as fuck , it has nothing to do with `` your ancestors '' in fact `` your ancestors '' are quite possibly directly responsible for fucking up some of these migrants ( in eritrea ) when you gassed them as the italian army was so fucking useless they could n't conquer that area in a fair fight . 
  whilst vaeldr is a fucking moron they did start the fire to attract rescuers attention after their engines failed . 
   the disaster occurred when the boat 's motor stopped working and the vessel began to take on water , italian interior minister angelino alfano said . 
  people on board burned a sheet to attract the attention of rescuers , starting a fire on board . 
  you 're a joke . 
  there are un reports , admissions by government , evidence by numerous ngos and yet you still deny it . 
  this is a prime example of just how racist people are against the romani . 
  you 're as bad as the nazis blaming the jews for all of their ills . 
  the czech government even admitted it you ignorant fuck . 
   the czech government has expressed regret over the illegal sterilisation of roma women . 
   measures were being introduced to stop the practice being repeated , said human rights minister michael kocab . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/8375960.stm it 's people like you who are the problem , you ignore evidence to support your own viewpoints that all roma are liars and thieves . 
   these are fairy tales invented to get more money . 
  it 's common knowledge that it happened in communist czechoslovakia , [ it 's still happening in the czech republic !, 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/may/22/theobserver1 ) perhaps all these attempts at `` integration '' , attempts to destroy their culture and the way they 've lived their lives for hundreds of years is why many live in poverty . 
  they are native europeans too why should n't they be allowed to live their lives as nomads instead of been forcibly relocated ? 
   now the racism against blacks in the usa is on the dot , but in the case of the roma you have a culture that has never in the span of european history made the attempt to actually join society . 
  for hundreds of years roma lived on the fringes . 
  err do you know anything about jewish history in europe . 
  for thousands of years they have lived apart from other europeans , they have been expelled from most european countries , killed in pogroms etc. 
  they have certainly not `` integrated '' in european culture , so to speak . 
  you are talking about forced integration though . 
  the whole post is . 
  romani have as much right to live as they please , to live nomad lifestyles if they want , as europeans have a right to live `` normal '' lifestyles . 
  they are citizens of their respective countries , what you 're essentially doing is forcing majority european culture on a minority group , completely destroying their way of life , because it does n't fit with your view of an acceptable lifestyle . 
  the reason many of the romani people are the way they are is because of racism , it 's because of the segregation , forced relocations , terrible education ( roma have been taught separately from other children in many central european countries ) and abject poverty . 
   the only real option ( that governments have ) that has any chance is massive re-education and forced adoption similar to what the australians did with aboriginals that 's a terrible example , settlers came to australia , stole their land , destroyed their culture and then forced them to become like them . 
  that is exactly why no sensible government wants to forcibly integrate anyone , it 's wrong . 
  your solution is completely changing their nomad culture , segregating them from society and breaking up their families . 
  all of those are reasons why gypsies struggle to integrate !, 
  you 're conveniently forgetting the forced relocations and sterilisations ... 
   i really have no idea how someone can fix a problem like this not treating them like shit and actually giving them an education instead of segregation for a start . 
  this whole post sounds very similar to similar rants about jews in 1930s germany and black people in america . 
  they are all criminals with that are massively detrimental to society and should just be outcast , we should just give up all hope etc. . 
  massive generalisation of a single ethnic group , that sounds really fair . 
  you talk about integration , well it 's quite hard to integrate into a country that automatically assumes you are a thief and that restricts and segregates education for romani children on the sole basis of ethnicity ,, 
  that 's verging on the behaviour of a police state , people should n't be monitored just because they are born into a certain ethnicity or culture , it 's very much like germany monitoring jewish people in the 1930s . 
  go back to [ white rights ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/whiterights/comments/1cdb5g/for_white_christians_iama_white_atheist_who_is/c9gc4wg ) you racist fuck . 
  all means should be used to stop fascists getting into power .
