  we already do , it 's the best way to store energy for quick release . 
  problem is that suitable sites for dams are finite . 
  what 's the point if you 're going to make baseless statements without any research . 
  did you read [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/instability-in-power-grid-comes-at-high-cost-for-german-industry-a-850419.html ) ? 
  yes it can . 
  it 's called a load following plant and modern nuclear power plants do it with ease . 
  you adjust the control rods to reduce the rate of reaction and decrease the coolant circulation speed to adjust how much energy is input into the turbines . 
  bwr do this by design and pwr ( the types mainly used in france ) can do this with modification the standard format . 
  european plants must be able to cycle between 50 to 100 per cent of it 's output capacity on a daily basis , with a change of 5 per cent/min . 
  french pwrs can do 30-100 per cent . 
  problem is with current technology there 's just no way to store that much energy . 
  pumped hydro is great but there are only a finite number of suitable sites . 
  a massive plus of generation using chemical or nuclear energy sources is that they are incredibly stable and controlable and we do n't have to worry about storing excess . 
  reliable in uptime yes . 
  when it comes to stability less so . 
  just updated my post . 
  and they 're having huge problems with it . 
  having that much unreliable power generation is messing up their grid big time . 
  edit : to elaborate because of the nature of wind and solar power there 's no storage systems currently available to hold the energy produced . 
  this means there are huge spikes of energy into the grid when it 's not needed . 
  it also means that when energy is actually needed it 's often not available ( say 6pm in a dark northern european winter with no sun ) . 
  energy grids need to be stable , they do n't like large fluctuations and it will break things . 
  there are ways around this though , my housemate is an electrical engineer ( i 'm chemical so i deal with the generation side of things ) and is doing his masters dissertation on limiting the effects of renewables on the grid . 
  this [ spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/instability-in-power-grid-comes-at-high-cost-for-german-industry-a-850419.html ) article highlights the problem quite well . 
  if this was a map for `` single men '' i ca n't imagine many people would think of `` single fathers '' . 
  interesting how we still all think in traditonal gender roles . 
  you do realise the sauds and other gulf states are running bombing campaigns against is right ? 
  politicians on both sides have taken it pretty graciously . 
  it 's a uk election . 
  we have too many safeguards and standards for rigging to happen unnoticed . 
  i was talking about how most europeans know many people in europe can speak english and language is n't really a huge barrier for holidaying . 
  but read into my comment how ever you wish . 
  do n't expect most americans to know that . 
  the russian orthodox church have a huge amount of power over the populace and government . 
  gay people in christian uganda literally face state torture and death for being gay . 
  in orthodox russia gay people have zero rights . 
  it 's still illegal to be gay in india . 
  it 's a problem with all religions and countries run by religion . 
  yes that is exactly what i said . 
   ` later that day , officers from a neighbouring force who were providing support to south yorkshire police , were approached by a passerby who made complaints about the behaviour of a woman who they believed had been drinking . 
   ` the woman was arrested on suspicion of racially aggravated public order offences . 
  there 's always two sides to the story . 
  a drunk woman racially abusing a potentially innocent man in the street does n't sell stories . 
  the government prosecuted people who refused to pay their taxes . 
  which is a crime . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  considering certain european states have managed to totally fuck up africa for the last 500 years we also have a moral obligation to help . 
  and i guess you 're a white countries for white people man ? 
  and here i thought the endgame of multiculturalism was everybody being treated equally regardless of their backgrounds . 
  right because all minorities are raping children . 
  it 's racist as fuck to not take a crime seriously just because the accused is a different colour . 
  equal and fair treatment means that suspects are n't let off just because of their heritage . 
  thing is i do pirate as it 's often easier . 
  i just do n't try and make out like it 's not an immoral activity . 
  but it is as simple that if you can not afford to buy something it is immoral to steal it . 
  so what do you want ? 
  movie companies to reduce their prices just so they can sell them at a loss to poor countries ? 
  that 's not how capitalism works . 
  no you are talking about stealing something because you can not afford it . 
  and the average wage in albania is over $ 5000 a year , not 200 . 
  you can afford to buy a $ 5 dvd every now and again . 
  i personally ca n't afford a set of headphones i want . 
  it does n't mean i steal them , i save up to buy them . 
  if you can afford a computer and an internet connection or a tv and a dvd player you can afford to pay for your media . 
  watching the latest hollywood blockbuster or playing the latest aaa game is not the same as needing food or water or education , it 's a luxury . 
  because i worked and paid for the movie and you did not !, 
  i 'm pretty sure you can buy dvds in albania . 
  it 's called not being a greedy cunt and stealing something that does n't belong to you . 
  watching the latest avengers is not a life or death thing , it 's a luxury , an optional extra . 
  you still have zero rights to pirate content just because you can not afford it/don ' t have access to it . 
  you have zero right to watch movies or play video games if you can not afford them . 
  it surprised me when i looked up is on wikipedia and it mention al-qaeda had [ disavowed ties with the group . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/al-qaeda-disavows-any-ties-with-radical-islamist-isis-group-in-syria-iraq/2014/02/03/2c9afc3a-8cef-11e3-98ab-fe5228217bd1_story.html ) it 's interesting to think that even though two groups are so involved with the same religious extremism politics is such a massive deal . 
  because referendums are horrible and give uniformed stupid people ( i.e. 
  the public , me and you included ) decisions on things they usually know nothing about . 
  at least in theory politicians should be spending their time learning about the issues they 're voting on . 
  maybe that 's because a lot of people on this sub say racist things ? 
  because he 's french and has nothing to do with saudi arabia ? 
  are you just mad because jeff calls out racists and islamophobes on a regular basis ? 
  / r/european might be more your thing if you like bigotry . 
  the kurds already have their shit together , they are essentially a separate , independent nation state and do n't need western physical intervention , just materiel and advisers . 
  i do n't think you understand who the us armed in the soviet invasion of afghanistan or the history of that conflict . 
  is came from syria ( and frankly us not helping the moderate rebels ) and has nothing to do with iraq . 
  the current iraqi instability in government and their armed forces is directly our fault but is has nothing to do with the invasion of iraq . 
  so what would you do ? 
  let is commit genocide , take over a huge area of the middle east with the resources of a nation state and really fuck things up ? 
  you 're proposing deporting anybody ( whether they 're europeans citizens or not apparently ) who belongs the wahhabist sect of islam . 
  i do n't like wahhabism at all but i 'm do n't believe in ignoring people 's rights because of their religion . 
  yes let 's shut down any religious sect that you disagree with . 
  just to say this guy is literally a neo-nazi . 
  if the american government want to spy on you they do n't need a military base to do it . 
  and the hatred of gypsies is still going strong today . 
  i mean we already have one comment in this thread saying all roma are thieves and every post about gypsies on / r/europe is always an incredible shitshow of racism . 
  kind of a different situation . 
  america did n't occupy the balklans as a foreign empire . 
  do n't forget the horrific job the us did in stabilising the balklans . 
  it 's so unstable they 've actually stopped killing each other off and now have working economies !, 
  they 're not searching for it though . 
  ms will have to hand the data over or will be in trouble with the us . 
  thanks to the magic of the internet there is n't a physical search taking place .
