  so i learned the language and i got involved on local culture , other way i would had felt as if i had a colonialist attitude . 
  at the same time i realized of how annoying it was to have a catalanism thought , i would say in general , but especially for certain spanish sectors with whom i feel very uncomfortable with and which have had the political power in spain for centuries , because although spain has been evolving , i think you can perfectly track similarities between the mentality of those who ruled 300-400 years ago and of those who rule spain today . 
  being catalan is something undesirable , historically catalans have been unsubmissive to the constant attempts of imposition by spanish institutions . 
  the today claiming for independence is nothing more than a continuation of historical disagreements , where spain tries to impose their rules and catalans tries to oppose . 
  catalonia , and other territories , are today part of spain because of war , not because of choice . 
  obviously this is a situation that have passed in other countries and others times , but i do n't live in other country or in another time . 
  so i live my present and i take the position which politically i think is the most correct , looking at history . 
  because history ( memory ) exists to help us taking better decisions . 
  and better to be catalan by choice than not spanish by imposition . 
  also , aside my cultural and national/political position , i am attracted to the concept of self-governance applied by small nations . 
  i am skeptic about the imperialistic and homogenization vision of humanity in favor of a rather more local and diversified vision . 
  and i think the independence of catalonia is a positive add in that sense . 
  sorry for the waiting , i was a little bit busy and that question is always deep . 
  i really do n't even think one must have to justified the why , sometimes you just feel comfortable with something and that 's all . 
  but i tried to give you some personal thoughts . 
  i hope is enough . 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  i would never leave my friend behind . 
  death is the price you pay for having high human principles . 
  rest in peace buddy . 
  and norwegians know it better than you and me , their management is pretty smart and follows a long term vision . 
   rich countries usually does n't wan na share the wealth . 
  norway does share their wealth buying goods and services from outside of their borders , and like other redditors said , they actually pay a fee . 
  what they do n't want is to share political institutions with other nations . 
  an independentist government is already ruling catalonia , we have to take full control of our institutions , define our law , our fiscality , etcetera . 
  i know this is gon na be extremely difficult , and it 's not like i do n't have doubts in our political class , which i have , because revolutions requires revolutionary people , and i do n't know if all of them are willing to take that commitment . 
  once we take control of our lives , all we can do is expect spain to accept that we do n't want to be spanish , their institutions or their law . 
  there is high chance that spain can stop us using their police and their army , but then , it will be clear we are part of spain not because we want , but because of the right of conquest that the borbon monarchy gain many years ago . 
   ey are absolute otherwise they are not facts but bullshi so to clarify , what are , for you , the non-facts statements that turn the article into propaganda ? . 
  i just see an explanation of the situation of catalonia , with concrete facts , from a concrete political vision , but facts . 
  you can diminish the political view , but not the facts . 
   to create your own country you need institutions . 
  either you need to create them from scratch , or they are already there but under the control of a superior institution . 
   so , to reach independence you need the superior government to agree to lose power and sovereignity over a part of its territory . 
  it 's unlikely this will ever happen in spain , as in france and italy . 
   if you do it anyway , then it is a subversive action which , i bet , is punished by law . 
  arrests and state of emergency would follow , and if you resist it , then it 's a rebellion . 
  agree in everything . 
  we are trying a revolution . 
  and that 's a radical change threatening a concrete * status quo * . 
   which means civil war . 
  that 's where i do not agree . 
  that 's a decision of spain , which they can take it , or do n't take it . 
   balkanization i understand what you said . 
  but * balkanization * might lead people to misunderstood your comment . 
  it seems evident to me that borders were different some centuries ago , and they will be different in the future , and hopefully through peace and not war . 
  also , the foundations of a federalized europe , and hence of a new political union , will require a reorganization of administrative limits , and that can reinforce a change on today 's borders . 
   the eu will have the stand that spain decides . 
  correct . 
  but the independentists have the moral job of explaining their vision . 
  not because we expect the eu to stand at a concrete side . 
  but just for correctness and politeness . 
  it 's a political statement , but it 's worth read it if you want to understand the whole situation , as much as one objective man can . 
  that 's not how it works what ? . 
  life is a constant propaganda , at least in this case it does gives you many facts , different thing is that you prefer others propaganda , which of course we all ( more or less ) can choose what propaganda we stick with . 
  and do n't you see the problem in that affirmation ? . 
  why do they go to war ? . 
  one day administrative borders will be not defined by how much people did you killed or how much you can kill . 
  wise choice . 
  not according to my taste , they sell good quality ice-creams . 
  i am addicted to their ice-creams ( gelatelli ) , americans , stay away !, 
  i know it 's not true . 
  but those are the adjectives that you receive here if you defend the thesis that the previous redditor mentioned . 
  for example , if you say :  to be catalan you must speak catalan . 
   to be basque you must speak basque . 
  a relevant part of spanish sectors will call you * ipso facto * all what i said before . 
   if you do n't want to go through the effort to learn the language than why should the rest of the dutch public consider you as a dutch citizen ? 
  i do n't consider myself spanish , although i know i am an spanish citizen by law . 
  but if you defend what you said here , you are considered racist , xenophobe and etnicist , if not nazi directly . 
  since a nation is a group of individuals willing to live together is quite reasonable that their own communicative tool is one of the main variables in the definition of nationality . 
  the source of the map is not attached , but i think is from eurostat and i would say data is collected asking people directly and not checking the cadaster . 
  is very naive to believe that people with 30 years old is living with their parents because of cultural ties since we are all western societies and have a very similar concept of life . 
  some people may prefer it , but not the majority . 
  the difference is economical , purchasing power . 
  an interesting factor reinforcing this mainly in southern big cities ( barcelona ... ) and touristic spots is vacation rentals ( airbnb ... ) . 
  tourists rent houses at a monthly price that residents simply can not match , this increase general prices of housing till a point where young people can rarely compete , so the best financial decision is to not move from parental house . 
   most of the times it means there are separate apartments with separate entrances . 
  you do n't share rooms . 
  i try to understand it . 
  in the case you are explaining then you are not living with your parents , you have your own space , then it should not be showed on the statistics . 
  it would be interesting to see the correlation between * age leaving parental household * and [ * fertility rate * ] ( https://i.redd.it/xdh46q2rstpy.jpg ) . 
  my first thought is that it seems quite hard to have babies if you do n't have privacy . 
  and second one , is hard to have babies if you can not pay your own roof . 
  so maybe housing strategies is the best strategy for increasing fertility . 
  so * les gimn\u00e8sies * were once one . 
  interesting . 
  i totally disagree with those who try to explain the differences among countries throught culture issues . 
  the main factor is financial . 
  culture might play some secondary role , but once you are 25 i bet almost everyone in south or east europe is dreaming to have their own house or live with friends . 
  in my case it had 160.000 km , from a friend of a friend , but it was good enough to take me to places . 
  i had it for 3 years and then i bought a toyota corolla ( 2006 version ) for 5.000 euros , which also have been working properly till the date . 
  i have been lucky with second hand cars . 
   well done spain . 
  i know it comes as a natural comment and it is not a political statement . 
  but i can not avoid to put [ this face ] ( https://img.memesuper.com/1041dafc004f82cfd6da89d601161556_futurama-fry-fry-face-meme_704-528.jpeg ) each time . 
   it is tiring you know being part of spain is also tiring . 
  let 's make a good deal then , so we can both rest . 
  i did the same some years ago , a saxo for 400 euros . 
   the actual notable thing that happened was the complete and total collapse of the labour party this actually happened in many european countries . 
  this does n't only mean he is the president of france , but also the co-prince of andorra .
