  right now everybody speaks spanish in catalonia and as long as they want they speak catalan too . 
  luckily catalan is not forbidden today either in schools or media ( although there is not a total normalization and for example in justice is not very welcome to use catalan ) . 
  catalan should n't be forced , you should speak whatever language you want . 
  but everybody should have a good knowledge of the national language , which is catalan , like german in germany , dannish in denmark or x language in x country . 
  i look at the situation from a present stand point , that 's why i support independence . 
  there is a big moral/ethical problem , which is the 12 % of people who voted political parties that did n't take a formal position . 
  that 's why we need a yes or no referendum . 
  we have been pledging for it since 2011 , we can not do that forever . 
  also in september 27th elections the vote from abroad ( from catalans living in other countries ) seems to be rigged , people had a lot of problems . 
  the reason why catalan is endangered is mainly because we have been forced for centuries to speak castillan . 
  we were conquered in 1714 by spain and since then the official language to be used was castillan ( aka spanish ) . 
  however , even the fact it was the official language , in day-today live people used catalan without too much problems . 
  it was especially after spanish civil war and the victory of fascism represented by franco when catalan started the overwhelming reduction . 
  and catalan was persecuted in official and day-to-day live . 
  beside that , another fundamental factor was massive immigration processes , there have been 2 relevant in catalonia , in 1960 's and 2000 's . 
  the first was spanish immigration and the second was international immigration . 
  * 1960 's : nearly 1 million of spanish immigrants came to catalonia , when catalonia had a population of 3 - 3.5 millions of inhabitants . 
  * 2000 's : another 1 millions of immigrants arrived to catalonia , when catalonia had a population of 6 millions of inhabitants . 
  the main problem of that was not the immigration itself ( which was pretty huge ) , rather than spanish still was the main promoted language by spanish government , so catalan was relegated to only native speakers . 
  so this generated a situation where more than 2 millions people abandoned catalan , and so their kids were also out of catalan language . 
  today catalonia has 2.6 immigrants out of a population of 7.5 ( 35 % immigrant population ) , and 60 % of population has origins outside of the catalan countries territory ( my case ) . 
  therefore we do n't want to force people to speak catalan ( which we were to speak spanish ) , we just want our rights to be respected and our language to be protected . 
  catalan parliament has a majority of pro-independence ( 72 out of 135 ) . 
  and there have been two unofficial voting processes : * november 9th 2014 : 81 % voted yes , 19 % voted no . 
  with a 37 % participation . 
  * september 27th 2015 : 48 % voted yes , 40 % voted no , and 12 % decided to not take a formal position . 
  with a 75 % of participation . 
  of course there are quantifiable reasons . 
  * our language is getting closer to the line of no return ( 30 % of habitual use ) and spain is not going to do nothing about it ( they prefer catalan to be extinguish so everybody speaks spanish/castillian ) . 
  * 75 % of spanish politicians used us as a political weapon , and even the minister of interior conspires against us creating false accusations ( ie . 
  trias case ) to hurt us . 
  * spanish government did n't respect the agreement that all the catalans voted in 2010 ( estatut de catalunya ) , while they said they would do it ( zapatero ) . 
  * we try to negotiate for a best economical agreement ( fiscal agreement ) and they do n't even want to sit on the table . 
  and i just said the first ones that came to my head . 
  if we abolished in the past the dictatorship of leaders , and now we can vote to decide which is the people in front of the state ( government ) , we should be ready also to abolish the dictatorship of limits , to freely decide our administrative limits . 
  one has to do whatever is best for their own interests . 
  i do n't blame them at all . 
  we the catalans must keep fighting by ourselves , we have a different situation since spain is a young ( and poor quality ) democracy of only 40 years , and the popular party is a direct heritage of franco 's fascism ( psoe and ciudadanos have also a restrictive attitude towards nations that are not castille ) , we may receive some help from other gentle nations from outside , but it 's pretty much on us , the same way as scottish independence is pretty much on them . 
  of course i wish them the best . 
  if you do n't find an applicant inside 5 millions , you must be a very bad searcher . 
  of course there are applicants in spain . 
  brilliant lol, 
  i did n't said any of those things . 
  that 's what i call maturity . 
  so you use tor ? 
  promised land was supposed to be spain after franco 's dictatorship , we are just tired of it . 
  we just prefer to gain responsabilities and manage things by ourselves . 
  right , and how that invalidates my argument ? . 
  you dont know what you are reading , but clearly you know what you are downvoting . 
  yep , my bad :d . 
  yes , maybe we should arrange mutual agreements first , like the ones of switzerland and norway , but eu is our goal . 
  also , we should kept freedom of movement and a free economy from the very first moment . 
  we must differentiate between walls and administrative limits . 
  catalonia wants self-government , not to put walls . 
  of course spanish or french people will be allowed to enter and quit catalonia whenever they want , like any other european citizen can do nowadays . 
  all countries from western europe are inside the [ eu ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/eu_on_a_globe.svg ) . 
  and the ones which are not part of eu ( iceland , norway and switzerland ) are simply because they do n't want to . 
  it will be extremely discriminatory to exclude catalonia , since it 's a quite [ old democratic nation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_courts ) , and has always been a society opposed to oppression and dictatorship . 
  process could be faster or slower , but i ca n't imagine eu countries vetoing catalonia , even the kingdom of spain should get tired of that someday . 
  a big part of the pro-independence supporters are also pro-eu . 
  working hard . 
  i would say 10-20 years . 
  after that , if catalonia is not an independent state , catalans will be totally assimilated by castillans , like they use to teach in shools ( [ map ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-im6krud_nj8/un6nmqnbgii/aaaaaaaafpq/iy-x9ypckrq/s640/mapa+pol%c3%adtico+de+espa%c3%b1a+1854+en+biblioteca+nacional+de+madrid+dic+12.jpg ) ) . 
  i 'm ready for it . 
  also francisco franco . 
  maybe money it 's not worth it for them . 
  why are you so cruel with us ? , lol . 
  nice picture, 
  ok , i 'm a xenophobe , thanks for the information ( first hand source ) . 
  and you , because you 're post-nationalist , are someway better than me , everything clear . 
  this conversation does n't go anywhere . 
  good luck with your post-nationalist world . 
  i just hope you 're not another spanish nationalist hide it behind this kind of empty ideas of post-nationalism , language utility ... have a nice day sir . 
  it 's hard to write more nonsense in a few lines than you did ( blame others , second class citizenship , backwards peasants ... ) . 
  i live in barcelona and i 'm pro-independence and nationalist ( i never hide it , i want my nation and language to not be extinguish ) , and i can appreciate big urban areas as much as rural areas . 
  seems it is you the one who has a supremacist view over rural areas because you live in a big city . 
  you must control your catalan hate , that can not be healthy . 
  why and how catalan government is more nationalist than spanish , italian , german , swedish ... ? , just because we just want our own state ? . 
  like many nations in europe ? . 
  catalonia has a 35 % of immigrants ( if we add their decendents , it makes more or less 60 % of total population ) , we are a pretty open nation . 
  well , i do n't know who speaks andorian now . 
  its well assumed that the own language of andorra is catalan . 
  sure , they have a strong policy to promote catalan . 
  wish it could be implemented too in the rest of catalan speaking territories . 
  catalan countries . 
  basque country and catalonia are the ones with relevant movements , but there also nationalistic movements ( defending self-determination right ) in parlaments of the valencian country ( catalan language ) , balearic islands ( catalan language ) , navarra ( basque language ) and galicia ( galician language , closer to portuguese ) . 
  the case of asturias ( in light blue ) is not separatism , rather than a very deep nationalistic feeling , they 're extremely proud of being asturians ( but they feel spanish as well ) . 
  in the canary islands there is a relevant nationalistic movement , but very little separatism movement . 
  the case of castille ( in yellow ) , aragon ( in orange ) and andalusia ( in green ) does n't really exist . 
  the only relevant movement ( and still very weak ) is the leones movement , which aims for leonese country , with leonese language , which has some similarities with bable ( asturian language mainly speak it in rural areas ) and galician . 
  but leonese is only speak it in some very particular rural areas . 
   but i think it 's a new modern design for all new lidl stores in europe . 
  can confirm . 
  in mallorca structure is quite similar . 
  kudos to the people who constructed it . 
  wtf, 
   in french the word for `` out-of-control only for tourism fast urbanization '' is `` bal\u00e9arisation '' , that is `` to turn into the balearic islands '' . 
  actually balearization is a general and accepted concept in academia . 
  just as dutch disease . 
  it is the spanish state and the way as it 's constructed that excludes the rest of nations of spain .
