  with which peashooter are you planing to do that mr. armchair general ? 
  germany how hard it 's to say is `` we have freedom of speech here fuck of '' to erdogan ? 
  you 're only allowing his ego to grow more which is bad for us ... 
  nobody actually believes that muslims fucks goats or what i said . 
  it 's a joke do n't be so sensitive . 
  jokes supposed to be offensive . 
  well at least we 're not fucking pigs . 
  do n't see the mistake the poem was `` deliberately offensive '' as she described even b\u00f6hmermann himself said it was offensive ... 
  the problem is he should n't be prosecuted for it . 
  not like the courts will side with erdogan . 
  it would create a massive shitstorm . 
  erdogan really wants to make an example of these guys . 
  they just made a petition that called the end of the operations against terrorists . 
  hardly a reason to prosecute anyone ... 
   i see your fuming mostly hot air and little content , you may leave that sort of behaviour if you wish to be taken seriously . 
  i should be the one who 's saying this . 
  all your comments thus far are filled with racist assumptions with no basis . 
  you keep saying `` turks would do that '' turks would do this '' i 'm really grasping here to take your points seriously . 
   it does n't work like that , you wo n't get deported . 
  countries like turkey probably would n't even accept a deportee ( or use it as blackmail ) here 's another racist assumption . 
  show me one example of turkey refusing to take back one of their nationals who are deported from somewhere . 
  you ca n't because it does n't exist turkey monitors their citizens in foreign countries like a helicopter parent . 
  in fact akp is trying to get the european turks to return back to their homeland like japan does . 
   and local authorities do not have the manpower to track every illegal overstayer down , since they live and work illegally they remain below the radar . 
  why do you think they make you buy a return ticket and show it before letting you in to the country genius ? 
  it 's so they can easily detect the people who over stay their welcome . 
  all you need to do is check if they boarded the plane or not if they did n't then you 'll instantly get connected and deported . 
   the visa process is there to check wether that 's a possibility , in which case you will not get a visa . 
  no it 's not even some goat fucker from a remote village can get a visa if they bring all the necessary papers . 
  the problem is it takes way too much time to get it right even if you get accepted at the first try it takes like a month to get your visa . 
  you literally need to be a felon to be completely be denied . 
   and removing the visa regime is asking for illegal immigrants , and we would get illegal immigrants . 
  i say no thank you , we 've enough issues with migration as is . 
  we 've little to gain and more to lose from visa free travel with turkey . 
  almost every single turkish immigrant in europe is legal . 
  the illegal immigration of turks to europe is almost non-existent and will continue that way when the visa-free travel happens . 
  please give me your source about these illegal turkish immigrants . 
  you know i figured you out . 
  you 're not really concerned about illegal immigration you just do n't want turks in europe whether they come for tourism , business or for stay . 
   of course it does , overstaying on visa is the easiest and cheapest way to illegally migrate . 
  and you 'll get deported in instant . 
  one requirement of visa free travel is you need to buy your a return ticket beforehand and also your logic is seriously flawed you can overstay even with a visa . 
  apparently in 2015 900.000 visas were issued to turkish citizens why are they not overstaying to illegally migrate then ? 
   tell that to the millions already here . 
  you invited them and gave citizenship to them yourself they did n't force their way in you ask for foreign workers you get foreign workers but ofc learning history might be a bit too much before having an opinion . 
   and it 's the people , citizens of western europe that will suffer from it . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about do you ? 
  europe would benefit immensely from visa free travel . 
  it 's almost not worth it to travel to eu because of the ridiculous visa process even getting a simple tourist visa takes unnecessary amount of time an effort . 
  do you hate money or something ? 
  you can just jump to a plane and visit istanbul for few days but us ? 
  i would need to plan stuff months ahead , ready shit load of papers and hope that i would get accepted at first try so my trip plan would not crumble . 
   there 's good reason for that . 
  we would be opening up a new illegal migration route if we led turks travel visa free . 
  you do n't even understand the concept of visa-free travel ... you 're not making migrating to europe any easier by giving us visa free travel and i do n't know where you guys read that bullshit but no millions of turks are not trying to migrate to eu . 
   their middle classes and below are also much less likely to fly over than turks might be . 
  and this is a bad thing why exactly ? 
  people flying over to your nation is a good thing do you dislike turks so much that you do n't even want their money ? 
  what does visa free travel has to do with the government exactly ? 
  you guys trying way too hard to deny everything concerning turkish people that it kinda makes you look like a fool . 
  it 's the people , citizens of turkey that 'll benifit from this not the government . 
  ban erdogan from your nation if you do n't want him coming over he can already do that right now whenever he pleases but we citizens need to pass from a living hell for simple trip to eu . 
  try traveling to country that requires visa from you and you 'll understand how if feels to run all around collecting papers that i do n't even know why they want it and get denied by a bullshit reason which they do n't even tell you so you have to guess and keep trying . 
  dammit erdogan you and bahceli could please die already ... 
  not at all it 's extremely rare in turkey . 
  i thought it was literally non-existent here but someone told me yesterday on reddit that it exists in specific parts of the country to the some extend . 
  i never came across to anybody who refuses to handshake or touch the opposite gender 's hand before . 
  i just called erdogan he 's coming for your ass with his small dick !, 
  we do n't . 
  what ?!, 
  men shaking women 's hands ? 
  ridiculous !, 
  i 'll never understand these student unions in uk ... 
  so what does erdogan intend to do with this . 
  are you gon na arrest these people if they ever come back to turkey ? 
   do n't start sympathizing for the dutch turks yet . 
  most of them voted for erdogan . 
  i highly doubt the ones who 're insulting to him are the people who voted for him . 
   eu citizens do n't have free visa travel in turkey pretty much every single eu nation has visa free travel to turkey . 
   `` let 's stick to the criteria we always apply because only then we will be credible to our own citizens and the turks . '', 
  i 'm sure malaysia and uae totally meets all the requirements since they already have a visa-free travel to the eu . 
   the point now rather is to make clear that visa-free travel for turkish citizens into the eu will not happen any day before mr erdogan leaves office . 
  uhh ... 
  sorry the burst your bubble but it 's already decided that it 'll happen when turkey fulfills all the requirements and resignation of erdogan is n't one of them . 
  man erdogan shut the fuck up when this refugee crises ends we 'll be again discarded as a cheap whore . 
   i do n't think any human , regardless of what they have done , deserves that . 
  no there are plenty of humans who derserve that and this monster is one of them . 
  this sub-human killed 80 kids imagine you 're being one of the parents would you still say the same ? 
  he does n't deserve to interact with another human casually for the rest of his life ... 
  really ? 
   process suspended ? 
  why waste time ? 
  just deny them . 
  they 're kids they can be taught about these things . 
  why did you even take them in if you 're are n't even giving the slightest effort to integrate them ? 
   are you telling this serious ? 
  mamy hardcore muslims i lived my entire life in turkey . 
  surrounded by muslims every shape and never in my life i came across to someone who refuses to handshake with the opposite gender . 
  not even once ... 
  if you even refuse a simple handshake you should probably leave ...
