  akp voters are actually really diverse we got people from literal islamists to guys who are barely cultural muslims . 
  butthurt europeans mostly . 
  seeing turkish flag anywhere past thrace will piss them off . 
  it is the most conservative and pro-erdogan part of the country . 
  every crazy islamist bullshit you hear comes from konya . 
  turkey can in to europe !, 
  i rather live in konya than with turkish communities in europe . 
  funny how the officals who come to collect new children is depicted as turks when they themselves were generally devsirme as well . 
   it 's not racism if it 's true . 
  hey now it is not true we did n't kidnap on balloons ...  deep in to europe were common not so long ago 500 years is long ago . 
   the ottoman empire used to collect `` blood tax '' ( devshirme ) from their christian subjects . 
  as far as i know it was only practiced in balkans armenians were exempt from it so not all christians also it was only collected from people with multiple children so they would have a heir to inherit their business . 
   one of your sons ( 8-18 ) to the ottoman army , who forcibly converted them to islam this part is misleading . 
  children have no religion otherwise every parent forcefully converts their children . 
   trained them and made them fight as janissaries . 
  not all of them fought there are a lot of positions devsirmes were allowed to pursue . 
  lmao do you seriously believe that bullshit ? 
  probably because how much erdogan uses gulenists to justify his actions . 
  for an uninformed they really feel like some made up organization . 
  lmao this is advanced shitposting . 
  turkey was always more closer to qatar than suadis so it makes sense . 
  actually i would n't mind us dropping relations with suadis . 
  when will anf be banned from r/europe ? 
  because we are the minority and they are majority . 
  if vegetarians ever became the majority you wo n't be able to eat meat casually as well . 
  istanbul is too diverse some neighborhoods are good some are bad . 
  it really depends on where honestly but it happens . 
  you got that right . 
  for people who reached to this point there is not much you can do without saying fuck you to rule of law . 
  i mean you can arrest them but ca n't lock them up until they die they 'll go out eventually and jails just help jihadists get together more than rehabilitate them . 
  what you should be doing is preventing this type of radicalation by going after the source which are suadi funded mosques or you can go full erdogan and expand terrorism charges to people who show sympathy to terrorists as well and lock them up for life . 
   cypriot turks are occupiers wow people who lived in the island for hundreds of years are occupiers ? 
  you know all you are doing is proving turkey 's arguments right ? 
  you are literally advocating kicking people from their homes based on their ethnicity . 
  that 's what we call ethnic cleansing my friend . 
  it is irrelevant who was there first both turks and greeks born and raised in the island and are hence cypriots . 
   not to mention that greece is supporting cyprus , not trying to consume it , unlike turkey . 
  lmao you mean by organizing a coup to annex the island ? 
  did you sleep your history class or is the word `` consume '' mean something different in greek ? 
  i hope cyprus unifies but it seems unlikely because both sides ask for things that the other will never agree . 
  greek cyprus asks the removal of settlers which is basically impossible at this point while turkish cyprus asks for a permanent turkish base which is just an unrealistic demand . 
  i did n't know turkish army was in germany and refused to share intel with them . 
  you know what i meant do n't try to pull it to elsewhere . 
  if you are in my home i would expect you to call the police if a thief breaks in . 
  every club needs it 's crazies . 
  damn that was embarrassing . 
  you should have just not responded and ran away with your dignity . 
   this is a mission to destroy the is . 
  then will you also object us bombing al-nusra in syria instead of just focusing isis ? 
   that doesn \u00b4 t include bombing kurdish forces fighting against the is in my book ... nobody is asking you to bomb kurds all turkey wants is you to not actively sabotage the fight against pkk by hiding intel or by other means . 
  if this is a mission to destroy is then just do that and let us fight our war that does n't concern you . 
  it is cute that you think the opinion of european nations matter in nato . 
  turkey is useful to us and thus will stay in nato . 
  why do you think turkey is letting us who is partnered with our enemy do whatever the hell they want but standing up to european countries ? 
  nato is us , uk and their protectorates germany is a small fish . 
  and ? 
  hiding intel from the host country is a great insult . 
  if you want to hold secrets do it from your own country . 
  go on show me something germans did from incirlik to fight isis . 
  good they were mostly there to watch turkey and make sure they were not bombing sdf anyway . 
  they barely did anything to combat isis and refused to share their intel . 
  you are not choosing between murderer and a thief here you are choosing between killer of 10 and killer of 7 . 
  i agree suadis are worse but both are below the threshold . 
  i rather take locking up journalists and decline of freedom of speech over executing most people on earth including for stuff like homosexuality and apostasy . 
  iran would love to have our problems . 
  lmao dude you must be on some serious drugs if you honestly believe anyone here is shilling for suadi arabia . 
  people are simply aware that things are not black and white . 
  it does n't take much effort to see that iran is also pretty bad . 
  iran is also pretty bad you guys should complain about needing to work with at least one instead of not working with them all together . 
  when millions of refugees wandering in europe why are almost all terrorist attacks are from citizens ? 
  nobody made up anything it 's a narrative that everybody can reach by looking at the facts and your explanation is mostly irrelevant if you born and raised in europe you are homegrown . 
  you can not change definitions so that it would fit your world view plus i never claimed they were european . 
  also i would recommend giving an example from al jazeera articles that promoting jihadism instead of giving a link to site that literally says `` promoting american interests '' . 
  i do n't read al jazeera but i stumbled their articles before and they were mostly fine however i do n't know arabic so english version might be different . 
  you should stop commenting on stuff you do not understand . 
  turkey is n't even close to being like iran . 
  in iran clergy is in power in turkey erdogan controls clergy . 
  i thought main problems with refugees were their behavior not that they would be terrorists since most attacks are from citizens who are born in europe in the first place . 
  these guys hijacked the yacht of the people who saved them they are not the kind of people you would want in your country . 
  that is not really fair . 
  i mean they live in europe there is no reason for them to care . 
  it is true for people who are living here in turkey though . 
  it is common knowledge that wikipedia is horrible when it comes to history especially conflicts where there are contradicting information from both sides . 
   well considering that the turkish minority in greece is alive and well . 
  thanks to the population exchange . 
  megali idea was strong in greece back then there is no way greeks would have allowed half of izmir being turkish . 
  no but if this treaty was enforced turkey might have have joined the axis in ww2 . 
  as if there was a chance for it to work out . 
  not even treaty of versailles was this bad and that treaty led to a second world war . 
  you ca n't just say you gon na take % 80 of a nation , their sovereignty and expect them to not fight back . 
  not really greeks were basically proxy of allies back then and was tasked to enforce the treaty by invading ankara . 
  it was not something up to commanders but they were certainly willing to and took their revenge by tormenting turkish villages on the way . 
  if the treaty of serves was fair maybe the war would n't be needed to continue . 
  we are so lucky to have someone like ataturk . 
  but does n't doing nothing encourage more hate ? 
  it is clear that these people taking advantage of european tolerance . 
  if there is no police to lock up the bad guys they 'll just smear the name of all migrants . 
   agenda pushing : refers to accounts found to persistently and overwhelmingly post and comment to promote a specific political agenda . 
  this is n't an outlet for propaganda . 
  eh he breaks the rules so not really .
