  secular kurds are still a minority ...  if it 's not propaganda , then what really is it ? 
  growing up listening or reading the terrorism of pkk every single day . 
  i listened pkk 's terrorism for the entirety of my childhood and so did everybody who 's not at least 50 years old . 
  if you were to grow up like we did you would surely hate pkk as well . 
  thankfully we learned to differentiate pkk from normal kurds . 
  relatives of people i know even got murdered by pkk and not all of them were soldiers mind you . 
   cause what you literally did was blame an attack in turkey to a political party in syria , simply because your government does n't like that political party . 
  do n't try to act dumb you know full well that pyd is kck 's syrian ring and who founded kck and pyd ? 
  pkk ... you also know full well that pkk and pyd exchange intel and fighters with each-other . 
  in fact pyd said that they 're ready to come to natsuyabin or cizre to help pkk if asked . 
   or should i say fears it because the hateful turks do not want to see another kurdish region next to them , like the krg . 
  turks have no problem with krg because unlike pyd , krg condemns pkk and does not give any support to them . 
  we 're not retarded if rojava becomes a thing it 'll be safe heaven for pkk they 'll just run into the border and will escape tsk every single time pkk would literally be untouchable . 
  if pyd breaks their ties with pkk and condemns them i assure you turkey would stop bothering them in fact we could even create a mutual beneficial relationship like we have with krg . 
   oh if they wanted . . that makes sense . 
  if it was civilians that were targeted , you would have been saying some other randomly made up logical explanation as to what rather makes more sense to you , why bother . 
  not really if for example an village bordering rojava was hit most of us would think it was a false flag because why the hell would rojava hit a random village in the first place ? 
  but this is different pyd-pkk has legitimate reason to do this attack and the way the attack was carried out points to them . 
  also akp government says the attack was carried out by a ypg member named salih neccar now i am not saying we should blindly believe akp but apparently dna evidence points to this guy ... not sure how do they he 's with ypg though ... 
  that only applies if the attack was towards to soldiers that are actively engaging in a conflict . 
  these people were not . 
  if you blow up pentagon it 's terrorism if you blow up a us military camp in afghanistan it 's not . 
  also it 's pretty retarded to not classify any attack on a civilian city . 
  you 're causing a terror even if your target are n't civilians . 
  wth is going on in scandinavian counties ? 
  odin vigilantes and now this ? 
  yeah sure it 's all propaganda . 
  turks have no reason to hate secular , feminist , democratic pkk at all . 
  turks are not only ones that hates pro-pkk folk . 
  maybe it was isis ? 
  isis attacked kurdsseveral times outside of syria . 
  maybe it was an iranian ? 
  because apparently the murdered kurd was a pjak member which is pkk 's iranian wing or maybe it was some islamists/rebels from syria or sympathizer of such groups ? 
  they 're not fond of kurds as well and we all know some muslim extremists found their way to sweden . 
  there are not many turks in sweden if it was in germany i would have agreed but in sweden it 's stretching it . 
  umm why do you think i said `` unless testimony '' ? 
  you 're giving a false testimony if you lie to the police . 
  population is already in a frenzy . 
  majority would n't have objected to an operation against pyd before the attack . 
  you underestimate the hatred of turks towards pkk and their affiliates . 
  lying is also a freedom unless you 're giving a testimony . 
  i just hope it 's really pyd that did this . 
  i 'll lose my last shread of respect to akp government if they 're lying to invade rojava . 
  if it 's false flag why a second one is needed ? 
  does n't really matter government is already saying it 's ypg . 
  they have no reason to lie unless they 're looking for a justification to invade rojava . 
  hush i confused the names . 
  we do n't really need other nato members usa would be enough . 
  we have no intention of starting a world war just need some offical support to keep russia at bay . 
  lol calm down enver . 
  the most we can do is beat the russian forces in syria which is quite meager after that we would get fucked by russia unless our big brother agrees to help which is why akp is trying to get them join with us . 
  that 's why he said we needed to go in to syria years ago before russia entered and things got this complicated . 
  2 attacks in 4 month period in the freaking capital of the country . 
  wtf is mit doing ? 
  i think it 's pkk ...  the attack occurred in the center of the city , hundreds of meters away from the top military headquarters , parliament and prime minister 's office . 
  isis generally prefers to attack densely populated areas to kill as many people as possible this attack on the other hand seems to be targeting turkish state , military officials to be more exact . 
  also it 's a car-bomb isis prefers suicide attacks while pkk prefers to plant explosives on stuff . 
  pkk also have a reason to do this attack since we started hitting them in syria alongside the cleaning operations . 
  not again , i 've had enough ... who 's this time ? 
  car bombs are pkk 's thing but you never know when you have so many different terrorist groups targeting your country . 
  eh football fans doing stupid shit is n't that rare . 
  fans and footballers themselves are n't equal . 
  erdogan stop trusting your idiot son for stuff like this ... 
  why she has to be turk ... 
  not really if kurds had a united will for independence there would be an civil war by now not some clumsy terrorists . 
  i 'm telling what kurds tell not my own opinion but suit yourself mate . 
  polls that 's made in eastern turkey indicate that only % 15 of them want independence while % 40 wants autonomy but i 'm sure you know more about what kurds want while sitting at your desk . 
   nonsense . 
  my boat ? 
  look , it 's the people of kurdistan occupied by turkey who should be the ones to decide . 
  they already do . 
  you aware that separatists are the minority right ? 
  they just want to live in peace like us ...  all that 's required if for a popular vote and/or referendum . 
  nope you got ta change the constitution to allow federalism for autonomy first . 
  independence on the other hand ca n't be achieved peacefully in turkey . 
   then the kurdish people can have a say on whether or not want their independence instead of having their land occupied by some turks . 
  simple . 
  even pkk does not want independence because they know they 'll be landlocked shithole that everybody in the region hates and refuses to let them develop . 
  okay sure whatever floats your boat man . 
  land ownership is not tied to ethnicity they 're still living there nobody is kicking them out they just do n't own it for more than 1000 years . 
  yes we 're occupying the land we owned for almost 1000 years . 
   so bombing the enemy from far away is ok now ? 
  i doubt turkey has a better accuracy than the us , who kills 90 % non-targets . 
  pkk camps were used to be on the mountains not cities . 
  in democracies governments do not arrest people ...  in democracies there is a thing called `` judiciary '' instead ... umm obviously he had his trial . 
  you ca n't lock up someone directly in turkey . 
  switzerland i guess ... 
  i doubt in this day and age it 's possible to be safe if an worldwar happens . 
  i love how this happens in finland ... finns had their own pagan gods compared to germanic . 
  not really that 's how syrian civil war is . 
  usa bombs both isis and al-nusra and both of these factions also fight with eachother . 
  pretty much all rebel groups are hostile to both isis and syrian government . 
   this is irony to the maximum , haha . . unbelievable , that you actually have the audacity to talk about these things , as a turk who knows full well turkish military is literally occupying kurdish lands with military force . 
  do you have eyes ? 
  lol calls his points unbelievable while accusing turkey of occupying a region they have owned for the last 1000 years . 
  he certainly has eyes but do you have the will to sit down and read some history ? 
   there are kurds and turkmen also in that town , it is now jointly controlled equally amongst the locals as they have elected their own yeah sure rojava is a single party dictatorship were the turkmens and arabs are not represented . 
  you did n't even properly implemented your so called `` democratic '' confederalism bullshit yet . 
  assyrian christians are only minority that 're partially represented in rojava and that 's probably because for propaganda reasons . 
   ypg is a protection force , not a military occupying land , unlike turks in kurdish areas . . half of the region ypg occupies are not kurdish majority and there are plenty of evidence for ethnic cleansing that 's happening in those regions sure they 're protection forces .
