  you should ease off with that nationalist boner . 
  i know it 's kinda cool to hate erdogan and say turkey is a theocracy now but you can do all those without a problem in turkey as well . 
  i have been doing it for years . 
  slow ? 
  the actual coup happened at 1 november 2015 when erdogan refused to form a coalition and forced re elections . 
  no it was not stop lying about the established facts . 
  absolutely if we had free media no way erdogan would won . 
  i know akp supporters they 're not crazy islamic fanatics who worship erdogan . 
  they honesty believe erdogan is deeply cares about this country and all those scandals about him are lies by the opposition parties . 
  the most of the ones who were outside yesterday at the coup period was honestly believing they were fighting for democracy against military dictatorship . 
  ofc he would still have some supporters but he would rarely gain new voters akp would be like mhp having an 10 % of the votes in every single election with no drop or raise . 
  that 's the kilicdaroglu 's own fault as well . 
  normally in turkey all mps have immunity they ca n't be prosecuted for anything other than high treason but kilicdaroglu made his party to vote to abolish the immunities including himself i do n't know what he was planning really . 
  also you can still criticize your political enemies the common folk can easily fined with insulting and shit but politicians ca n't k\u0131l\u0131cdaroglu also has good lawyers so the insults has to be very clear and sadly his was . 
  he called him `` diktator bozuntusu '' which could translate to something like `` tryhard dictator '' several times on his speeches . 
  i 'm talking about that as well . 
  akp ca n't bring execution back without the support of rest of the parliament and i 'm asking you why hdp and chp woul bury their own graves if they refuse . 
  akp supporters already hate them an think they 're traitors and terrorists . 
  what more akp gon na do now ? 
  declare them coup supporters now ? 
  why ? 
  what would akp and the people do ? 
  lynch them ? 
  state run media already declares chp and hdp terrorists everyday akp ca n't do anything more . 
  if apo still not fucking executed these these people wo n't as well . 
  mit would only come for your ass if you report something erdogan wants to conceal insults would only bring lawyers . 
  [ example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_national_intelligence_organisation_scandal_in_turkey ), 
  and ? 
  turkey is still a republic with proper elections . 
  young voters are overwhelmingly anti-akp . 
  the day will come when we 're the majority . 
  electing shitty people does not automatically turn your nation to an dictatorship . 
  anybody who gives up in democracy already fallen in to the erdogan 's trap as he did last night at the coup he acted as the democratic side and people rallied after him . 
  unless you beat him on his own game and crush his `` milli irade '' in elections akp ca n't be stopped . 
  overthrowing him with a coup will only make him the right side . 
  the reason why we lost in the previous elections were because we looked down on the akp voters opposition parties declare anybody who vote for akp as morons and does not try to appeal to them at all . 
  we need better opposition parties that could run as an `` alternative '' to akp . 
  you 're exaggerating it 's true that we do n't have free media but we do have honest proper elections . 
  if erdogan loses in elections he will actually lose . 
  i lived my entire life in turkey and if i can see the truth even with censored media so can everybody . 
  we 're in the social media era there is no way you can regulate the information on facebook , twitter etc. . . opposition leaders are still there . 
  i do n't remember any opposition leader getting locked up by erdogan . 
  hdp 's leaders demirtas and y\u00fcksekdag are kinda close but that 's because of thier own faults and even for that erdogan needed the help of opposition parties . 
  not really ... 
  unless you write a very clear insult in turkish towards him with your name and all visible you 're fine . 
  for example posting `` erdogan is a donkey fucker '' on your personal facebook is a bad idea . 
  however journalists and columnists needs to be careful with their langauge when talking about erdogan . 
  like calling him a dictator in your article could easily bring lawyers to your doorstep . 
  no isis bombed some pro-pkk kurdish activists and pkk blamed erdogan for it then broke the truce . 
  either this was the worst coup in the world history or this was just a sham planned by erdogan . 
  i 'm no tin foil conspiracy theorist however whenever a large scale tragedy or event happens in turkey it helps erdogan . 
  pkk breaks the truce and literally allows erdogan to get re elected and now this ... 
  i was n't in favor of a coup because i believe erdogan needs to be thwarted democratically but if one were to happen the worst thing could have happened was the coup actually failing and that 's what happened . 
  welp i guess this is the end . 
  he already arrests every civilian he wants claiming they 're a terrorist now he can arrest officials claiming they supported the coup . 
  nobody is safe anymore ... 
  and when did that happen exactly ? 
  erdogan is an asshole but he never tried to execute anybody , however he got an army of prosecutes who will make you unable to leave the prison for years . 
  try doing a coup in russia and see what happens . 
  russian propaganda is light years more advance than turkish propaganda . 
  putin would raise x3 more people than erdogan to the streets in a situation like this . 
  economy and stability . 
  when erdogan was first elected in 2002 turkey was a massive shithole economically dead and terrorism was everywhere . 
  but at his time economy constantly get better and he was the first pm to actually convince pkk to stop blowing shit up with his solution process . 
  until 2011 erdogan was n't really that bad but in 2011 something happened he started getting too ambitious instead of serving turkey he start to make the country serve him . 
  i remember lots of shows criticizing erdogan and making fun of him on tv when he was the pm and he did n't do shit for example . 
  most turks who would say they would prefer pre-erdogan are young adults they do n't know how bad were things then . 
  there is also the religious side . 
  religious turks were always frustrated that they were not properly represented in the country which is why they like erdogan . 
  lol yeah totally there is absolutely no difference between those two warmongering authoritarian assholes . 
  ummm who told you that ? 
  parliament is not in his hand ... one thing that 's the last election achieved was blocking erdogan from changing the constitution all by himself and judges are irrelevant at this . 
  nobody needs to oppose him it 's not that hard to understand that he ca n't fucking change the constitution without an agreement with the rest of the parties otherwise he would have declared himself sultan by now . 
  even to remove the immunities of the some pms erdogan had to convince rest of the parties . 
  they can certainly try but as long as hdp and chp oppose to it they ca n't . 
  mhp might be in for it however ... 
  like what exactly ? 
  he did n't brought back anything this extreme ... 
  because they voted for erdogan ? 
  erdogan does not cheat 20 million votes you know if people did not like him he would n't get re elected since 2002 . 
  people seem to have trouble understanding that erdogan is like putin . 
  he 's liked by the people not like kim jung un . 
  it 's not that easy to bring back death penalty . 
  it needs to voted in the parliament and just akp and mhp voters ai n't enough . 
  turkey does not have execution . 
  they can get prison for life at most and i do n't think erdogan can bring back death penalty ... people really have bad memories with that . 
  this is like fucking nightmare . 
  now mosques are doing prayers . 
  i hear helicopters and gun fires ... 
  erdogan is not a dictator . 
  whether we like it or not he 's democratically elected . 
  possibly whether we like it or not half of this nation voted for erdogan they wo n't stand down if this goes though ... 
  whatever it is i hope it is n't something big . 
  i do want change but not like this ... 
  i do n't know what the fuck is going on but i 'm legitimately scared and would not be fine with an actual coup ... 
  if you think erdogan is bad check our coup goverment periods ... edit : it is an coup trt ( turkish radio television ) is showing the declaration now ... 
   also turkey has finally been accepted as an eu member for similar reasons . 
  fuck all those people who said we 'll never get in !!!!!, 
  the problem is westerners do n't get islam or muslims in general . 
  imams hold massive influence over muslims most muslims do n't reach conclusions about their religion themselves they listen to imams or ask them about it and take their answer as the truth .
