  http://greece.greekreporter.com/?s=turkey  what does matter is that your country actively disrespects greek sovereignty lmao so you do care about what turks think do you even read the stuff you type out ? 
  lmao how young are you that you do n't know the dick measurement operations on kardak ? 
  at least do n't just show your ignorance that proudly . 
  i did and it pretty much confirms what he said . 
  linguistically ? 
  not european . 
  genetically ? 
  not european . 
  historically ? 
  only part of european history later on and if that 's all that matters turkish history is pretty tied with europe as well . 
  sorry pal unlike you we do n't care about being european or not . 
  we are completely okay with our identity . 
  such labels like `` european '' or `` asian '' is meaningless to us . 
  we are turks which is all that matters . 
  i find it cute how defensive you guys get about this nobody saying you are not european pal all people saying is it is kinda funny how people from the farthest corner of europe is so obsessed with who is european and who 's not . 
  i am confused are you trying to prove him right ? 
  too bad nobody asked your opinion . 
  r/europe does n't see it that way if you are displeased you can carry this to mods . 
  well i do n't but i had the impression that there was n't a big opposition against gay marriage in germany . 
   226 voted no . 
  wow that 's a lot of no votes . 
  i was expecting this to pass unanimously . 
  northern cyprus ' goverment is pretty anti-akp so not really . 
   there was violence against turkish cypriots by greek cypriot nationalists , and the same is true the other way around . 
  reminds me of armenian genocide denial . 
  how dare the fight back against being purged am i right ? 
  if it was this easy why did germany wait this long i wonder ... 
  if you want to have a good laugh go ahead . 
  i checked and apparently in guitar hero there is a stage where performers stand on writting of allah . 
  how dare they use their rights !, 
  i am amazed that some people are mad about this instead of being proud of how uk is able to respect the human rights even in these circumstances . 
  probably kids becuase grey wolves has the avarage age of 20 . 
  also link of the event ? 
  everytime i hear something like this it just turns out pkk and grey wolves beating each other . 
  edit : downvoted to hell nobody can even make a counterargument . 
   or maybe people are doing that exactly because turkey keeps showing such signs . 
  why do we do that with turkey and not say bosnia ? 
  because turkey is a easier target considering the things happeneing in turkey it is easy to just blame islam when things are far more complicated . 
  just look at the coup attempt . 
  both sides were islamist at that but it is so difficult for westerners to understand that . 
   you accuse us of having a propaganda but it 's just as likely that you 're just denying everything on the grounds of some anti-turkish conspiracy there is no anti-turkish conspiracy it is about islam . 
  considering how islam is pretty popular topic in europe . 
  you guys simply use turkey to prove a point . 
   girls are getting beaten up in busses for wearing skirts , people get beaten up in restaurants for just eating during ramadan see this is exactly what i am talking about . 
  the perpetrators of those get arrested and locked up you guys act like these are actually encouraged by the state they are not . 
  you guys trying to push that stuff like this is ordered by islam and supported by muslims while perpetrators are generally violent idiots who nobody actually support their actions . 
  assaults happen in your country as well but do you blame religion when it happens ? 
  no ...  death penalty is possibly coming back another example that proves my argument . 
  do you see the pattern here ? 
  death penalty maybe coming back to turkey has absolutely nothing to do with islam yet you act like it does . 
  why ? 
  is us and japan islamist for having death penalty ? 
  no . .  i mean i cant argue with denial but maybe there really is a bigger picture behind all those random events that does ring an alarm for your country and people here are pointing at it . 
  there is a bigger picture it is you guys who refuse to see it . 
  the bigger picture is a man who developed god-complex after ruling the nation more than 10 years is trying to be a supreme leader . 
  islam is barely relevant here if majority of turks were non-religious erdogan 's methods would simply change he uses religion because we are religious people . 
  see the problem here ? 
  it is erdogan not religion it is not religion who makes erdogan do these things it is him . 
  now why would he bring sharia and give the power to religion instead of keeping it himself ? 
  by saying islam this and islam that you are simply denying the real issue . 
  it is common knowledge how close putin is to orthodox church and how he leads it and uses it to control people . 
  is he somehow trying to turn russia to a theocracy ? 
  he pushed a lot of anti-lgbt policies does he do those because of religion ? 
  it is the same thing here . 
  it is not that hard concept to gasp . 
   you sound as if we want turkey to be a theocratic backwater society . 
  no it is you who want that . 
  so that you can say `` i told you so '' . 
  if you actually cared you would get informed . 
   like i said , feel free to ignore all the signs and say that sharia law is so far away but do n't find it weird or suspicious when the rest of the world is telling you that something 's very wrong with your country . 
  not . 
  ignoring . 
  anything . 
  have you not read anything i said ? 
  turkey has alarming problems but sharia is not one of them . 
  freaking iran teaches evolution in school and they have sharia !, 
  what else am i supposed to say for you to understand ? 
  i love how you just answer the part that you can and ignore the rest . 
  you people are always the same you do n't care about turkey you are just here to push your agenda . 
  please do n't make us part of your agenda pushing you are n't helping you are n't bringing awareness . 
  also next time read the articles your post . 
  nowhere in the article it is mentioned that bilal saying anything to minister of education . 
  the tape is allegedly about him talking with the board members of t\u00dcrgev while things they discuss is alarming this is not the proof of him somehow being in charge of education in turkey . 
  plus things they talk about is about expanding amount of imam hatips and building more same-sex dormitories for kids . 
  there is nothing about altering school curriculum . 
  it seems i was right about thinking your goal was to mislead people did you expect that nobody would read that article or something ? 
   one could argue that stopping evolution from being taught in schools would also mean erdogan going down but here we are . 
  nope . 
  turkey had pretty low belief in evolution this is something people want while sharia is not . 
  creationism was always more popular in turkey sharia on the other hand never was . 
  even just polling erdogan supporters it was around % 30 add the entire turkey and it is barely % 10 . 
  erdogan wants to be like a monarch he does n't give a rats ass about islam . 
  it is a tool for him just like how putin uses the church . 
   turkey having sharia law is not such a distant scenario it is as likely as dragons being real . 
  stop acting like you guys know what you are talking about you do n't . 
  erdogan is barely islamist by arab standards . 
   that guy 's slowly turning you into a theocracy and all you 're doing is saying `` it 's cool , we 're not there yet '' . 
  do you know how long erdogan has been around ? 
  15 years he first elected in 2002 do you know how old he is ? 
  63 and has health problems at this speed he gon na die before your supposed conversion happens .
