i really do n't understand why we are the ones who need to prevent them from passing some other country 's borders . 
  greece and bulgaria ca n't control who passes their border ? 
  eu did n't help us much about the refugees why are we playing the border guard now ? 
  let them pass we do n't want ungrateful people using our taxpayer money . 
  they 're already here i see them all the time ... 
  good . 
  even in turkey we had successful pride parades since 2005 . 
  because they 're hard to catch . 
  smugglers know how to hide form authorities and how to be found easily by refugees . 
  also even if they get caught someone replaces them the next day ... 
  really depends on who you ask . 
  islamism is the real islam to the islamist and it 's anti-islam to moderate muslims . 
  eh if they 're an anti-islam group ofc they would show muhammed cartoons . 
  self printing is way to go . 
  no one would create a businesses were the main demographic is assholes . 
   they ban all the kurds from efrin to cross the border into turkey . 
  they just allow the arabs to cross into turkey through efrin . 
  in other words only kurds should stay the rest can go . 
  do n't think we do n't see what you 're doing pyd ... 
  which is why there is a plans to create a safe zone in syria to dump the refugees to . 
  because most of refugees is n't in russia otherwise even germany building refugee camps . 
  not true the camps are only able to take 500k refugees at most the rest only get minimal support to buy food and water and left to fend themselves . 
  if we want to look after all of them we at least need to spend $ 40 billion ... 
  i wo n't deny it sometimes i think we should stop supporting them and let them go where ever they want . 
  it should n't be our job to prevent refugees from entering your country but europe is n't fit to deal with this . 
  you guys borders are literally just a line ... 
  right to seek asylum is a human right tho . 
  dude at the top literally said europe should n't take asylum seekers outside of europe which is against universal human rights . 
  `` i do n't need your food and water , i need peacefully passing the border to europe . '', 
  so we 're spending billions for nothing since these people do n't want them ? 
   many of them ca n't even learn our language because do n't know the latin alphabet . 
  that 's an overstatement while it 's true that since most of them are adults it 's difficult for them to learn a new language yet i 'm pretty sure they know latin at least the literate ones . 
   we stop caring about human rights of people that do not come from europe but would it be human rights then when it only apply to europeans ? 
  because if they become satisfied in camps in turkey they would stop taking long dangerous journey for europe and streets in turkey would be cleared of criminal or beggar syrians . 
  it 's win win situation . 
  pretty sure we wo n't be able to get rid of all of them after syria is stabilized . 
  more than half of them are just wandering around the country if eu helped maybe people would actually stop trying to migrate to eu . 
  poland get muslim immigrants ? 
  unless it 's for mosques no . 
  anyone who born in europe . 
  oppression is a completely different matter than islamic terrorism . 
  except in saudi arabia being christian in rest of middle eastern countries were n't that bad back in the day . 
  earth ? 
  did us managed to colonize mars when i was n't paying attention ? 
  only terrorist attacks that can be classified as islamic terrorism i can think of before 90s is the attacks at lebanese civil war . 
  well that 's because there is nothing to radicalize christians since their countries are far away from war and have stable governments . 
  the reason of most islamic terrorism is because of the destabilized muslim countries i mean islamic terrorism was almost nonexistent before 90s . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  like we would understand wtf you mean . 
  we do n't associate `` christ above all ! '', 
  with terrorism like some of you do with `` allah akbar '' . 
  what do you mean forced ? 
  the name was n't officially changed till the ataturk 's time . 
  since ottoman sultans saw themselves as new roman emperors . 
  they preferred to keep the name of the city so by your logic constantinople era should take in ottoman era too . 
  constantinople was still used years after ottoman conquest ( kostantiniyye ) and istanbul was used by locals even before the ottoman conquest to refer to constantinople ( istimbolin ) . 
  it 's the same city just with different people and administration . 
  you can use istanbul and refer to greek era or you can use constantinople to refer to modern city . 
  it 's just a name it does n't represent the era and parent comment were clearly talking about the roman-greek era . 
  policemen ca n't grow beard , mustache or hair in turkey . 
  they have strict discipline regulations but that might have changed when i was n't paying attention . 
  same thing different name ... 
  turkey is europe 's neighbor and affects europe in varies ways . 
  especially in this refugee crisis . 
  a good portion of us has light skin . 
  turks are ethnically diverse because of the rich ethnic history of asia minor . 
  i am for example pretty much white as any european is . 
  that 's the point the kid is used to take a powerful photo . 
  someone gave that flower to the kid and told her to give it to the policemen to take this shot . 
  ah good ol' innocent kid tactic . 
  the police is there to prevent refugees from taking a bus to greece-turkey border towns so they can smuggle themselves to eu . 
  there is lots of legit reasons to be anti-immigrant you do n't need to lie to make immigrants look worse then they already are . 
  it 's sad that some of you fallen this low . 
  muslims are generally quite intolerant people they 'll lose their shit if you insult mohammed or do n't respect to their religion but oktoberfest ? 
  nah no freaking way . 
  for muslims to lose their shit over oktoberfest and get violent , the festival supposed to be about burning quran or something ... 
  when a serbian speaks to me all i hear is remove ... 
  please tell me this is not done by turkish guy ... 
  so just like bible ? 
  simple , muslims who do n't believe people from other faiths needs to be either discriminated or killed . 
   this week the turkish coastguard said it had stopped more than 42,000 people in the aegean sea in the first five months of 2015 , and 2,160 in the past week . 
  more than 100 were pulled from the sea on wednesday night alone while trying to reach kos , the coastguard told afp . 
  an example from [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/03/father-drowned-boy-aylan-kurdi-return-syria ) article . 
  by your attitude stopping half of them is not enough huh ? 
  i did n't claim something like that but i guess you have to bend the words a bit to show of your agenda . 
  the drug and human trafficking from turkey to europe is controlled by pkk and they would not allow a turkish mafia to take their biggest source of income . 
  the turkish mafias are generally grey wolfs affiliates so they 're ultra-nationalistic people which means they prefer to do crimes outside of turkey and generally in western europe or middle east . 
  the mafias in turkey are controlled by pkk so no they 're also seized if the coastguard catches them but ofc i 'm pretty sure some of them take bribes . 
  when will erdogan learn that these actions actually stain his image even more than any satirical magazine that insult him ? 
  no shit sherlock ... 
  my granddad had a hunting rifle so i fired that in the plains and i guess i 'll fire a lot of guns while doing my military service as well . 
  turkish coastguard already seizes the smuggling ships . 
  sorry freedom of speech goes both ways . 
  these are n't people that ran from the war ... 
  diaspora nationalist are fucking worst . 
  you want to kill pkk then come to turkey and join the military so you can actually protect people you fucking idiots but `` noooo '' beating a random kurd is easier ... 
   my grandfather was an armenian genocide survivor i did n't know kurds were armenians . 
  why are you trying to bring in your agenda to a discussion that has nothing to do with it ? 
  oh wait poe 's law the turkish version ... 
  so in short you do n't know anything about the conflict and too lazy to learn about it but you will side with pkk ( shows that how ignorant you 're by just saying kurds ) because of past events ?
