  no it 's not because he has been purging gulenists for years . 
  he does n't need to exploit a coup to continue doing that . 
  come back when he start purging us secularists and kemalists . 
   by the way , if your main man is so reliable , and it was g\u00fclenists , when is the evidence of american involvement forthcoming ? 
  planes were taking off from in\u00e7irlik , so which is it ? 
  there is no evidence of american involvement and their involvement is unlikely but gulen is very close to cia and us goverment so i would n't be surprised if usa knew of the coup plot but did n't inform turkey . 
   how does it feel not being able to control discourse on reddit as your dictator overlord does in turkey ? 
  dude please ... you 're already extremely ignorant of the facts . 
  just do n't embarrass yourself any longer . 
  erdogan must have suck at this then because he 's the head of this country for the last 14 years . 
  also not having freedom of speech does not make you a theocracy . 
  true but those journalists are pro-sharia and islamist . 
  they 're being left to write also does n't help secularism and democracy . 
  lol where did i blamed you guys ? 
  i was just clearing the misconception . 
  they really go to turkey whenever they can . 
  also they 're low at everything because that 's what you asked for . 
  when you ask for manual laborers you should n't have expected university graduates . 
  they 're not like refugees you invited them and gave citizenship to them yourself they did n't force they way in . 
  then you do n't know what theocracy means . 
  compare turkey with a theocracy and you ca n't even show me one similarity . 
  wow is that real ? 
  that 's disgusting . 
  i really did n't know about this they really have no shame ... 
  i expected better from germany my whole positive view of western world is getting shattered each day since i started browsing reddit . 
  i 'm at the side of secularism and democracy but at this conflict both sides are islamists . 
  how do i choose o great one ? 
   according to erdogan 's allegations . 
  according to everybody . 
  all politicians , all non-gulenist journalists included . 
  this coup is so obviously is not by secularists . 
  why the fuck would erdogan purge gulenist when secularists tried to assassinate him and take over the government ? 
  he already purges gulenists since 2014 but it would have been a perfect opportunity to deal with secularists . 
  there are enough confessions by the arrested coup foces that confirm it 's gulen . 
  they even tried to get chief of staff and gulen to meet so that he can be part of the plot as well . 
  it 's not really a rocket science if coup where to succeed turkey would have been an theocracy now . 
  allowing a rally is supporting ? 
  nice logic there pal also you have no idea what you 're talking about which is absolutely hilarious and sad at the same time . 
  you do n't even know that the ones getting purged are in fact more islamist than erdogan . 
  they 're the followers of gulen an islamic cult leader with salafi ideas who wants to bring theocracy in turkey . 
  you yourself said those 30k should have no place in europe because they support an islamic dictator but when erdogan does the same thing you want in turkey he 's evil but for some reason but you 're righteous ... 
  there is nothing good about this dickhead . 
  however a gulenist theocracy is worse than an elected authoritarian . 
  it 's similar to usa 's presidential election . 
  both options suck but one is less damaging than other . 
   `` democracy is only a train we ride just until we reach total power '' ? 
  lol why do you lie and change his quote ? 
  it 's already bad as it is . 
  the correct quote is `` democracy is like a train we disembark when we reach to our destination '' . 
  so you believe that even if jets that are used by coup forces took off from this base it does n't warrant for an investigation ? 
  how is it sign of aggression ? 
  wtf ... freaking grand assembly is bombed by a jet that took off from that air base . 
  you think that does n't warrant an investigation by the police ? 
  which is the point genius nowhere i did say that usa was involved . 
  the base was used in coup hence it 'll be investigated it 's that simple the american personal should just cooperate and be done with it . 
  they 're german citizens . 
  not random turks not everybody have this privilege . 
  it 's not that hard to understand germany does not give a special permission to turks to work in their country . 
  you making the border harder to cross is irrelevant as i said they are not refugees they 're fucking citizens . 
  they do n't pass borders illegally . 
  build a massive wall if you want they 'll just leave and enter from the front door unless you want to go full facists and revoke citizenship of anybody who 's not ethnically german . 
  some of those journalists that were arrested are complete clowns by the way . 
  i really do n't know what side to take ... b\u00fclent mumay is already released but i love how b\u00fc\u015fra erdal is arrested it 's hilarious i hope she gets a sentence . 
  man you guys assume the most ridiculous scenarios to make this people look as bad as possible . 
  like wtf is wrong with you guys ? 
  war between turkey and germany ? 
  turkish german terror group ? 
  they 're terrorists for liking erdogan now ? 
  i want whatever you 're smoking bro because it seems like some dope shit . 
  generally for jobs . 
  they make money in germany but actually go to turkey at holidays or whenever they can . 
  they 're not as hypocritical as some of you think . 
  they really like turkey however since they do n't exactly live here they miss the erdogan 's bullshit and since western media is extremely biased and uninformed about turkey they do n't believe what they say . 
  they are generally dual citizens . 
  their parents were given citizenship by german goverment back in the day . 
  why would it be not allowed ? 
  germany is a free country no ? 
  such fascist ideas should have no part in europe . 
  every rally that is not advocating violence should be allowed . 
  it 's scary that you 're upvoted that much i would expect better from europeans ... 
  this is a very `` turkish '' mentality you got there . 
  nah dude i just dislike spammers like you . 
  you guys do n't read articles and just spam `` kick tukkkey out of naruto ! 11 !!! 1 !!, 
  turkey is in nato since 1952 and we never refused our duties given by nato to this day . 
  we sent the most troops after uk and usa in korean war . 
  usa has been using incirlik for their operations in middle-east for years but fuck all those because seems like our western overlords wants more from their slaves so we should beg for mercy i guess . 
  and what the flying fuck are you talking about at your last sentence ? 
  you were talking about invading few seconds ago not just disliking turkey 's policies . 
  you know you remind me of osama bin ladin you have the same logic that he had . 
  `` i do not like usa 's policies so i 'll fuck their country up '' . 
  here 's an good example of why west is hated by the lots of countries . 
  you 're not useful anymore ? 
  let 's fuck your country up !, 
  screw decades old healthy relationships non-western nations are just slaves anyway . 
  god giveth god taketh ... you should try joining isis one day you would fit right in with that warmongering and the lack of empathy . 
  wow what a glorious contribution to this thread . 
  usa 's head must have been blown away . 
  reasonable . 
  the aircrafts that were used by coup forces flew from incirlik air base . 
  we need to make sure that the same thing does not happen again .
