  you are severely mistaken if you think western europe cares about our silly island dispute . 
  yes ? 
  and your point is ? 
  are you seriously not aware that you are contradicting yourself right now ? 
  in ethnic nationalism you do n't try to assimilate people my friend . 
  because you see them inferior they can never be < insert the race  . 
  turkey tried to gather everyone under one cultural identity whether they liked it or not . 
  however this has nothing to do with education system which was what we were talking about at the start . 
  also i do n't remember giving any support to such policies . 
  they are long gone anyway . 
  next time try reading your posts before responding so you would n't look like a fool . 
  btw you should tell your boss to update your link database so you can shill a bit better . 
  lol now you definitely not know any history . 
  did n't know greek land stretched all the way to [ sakarya river ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sakarya ) . 
  which greeks were living there i wonder ? 
  they must have went underground in 8 bc i guess . 
  dude this is basic history come on greeks was the proxy force of allies and they were going to get izmir if they managed to force turkey to surrender . 
  you sound strangely butthurt about it for some reason calling the war `` turks renaming their state '' is just false you should give up . 
  lol someone does n't know history well i see . 
  [ this is what turkey would have ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/treatyofsevres_%28corrected%29.png/800px-treatyofsevres_%28corrected%29.png ) if the war of independence would n't have happened or was a failure . 
  just because greek offense to force treaty of serves did n't was an utter failure does n't mean you can deny history my friend . 
   someone call almost every political party in turkey , the equivalents of golden dawn hilarious what a major bullshit . 
   who defines him or herself as ' a turk ' based on ethnicity anybody who claims this does not even worth listening to because they do n't know jack shit . 
  turkish nationalism has always been cultural never based on ethnicity . 
  turkey is ethnically very diverse the country would get torn apart if ethnic nationalism was widespread . 
  anybody who researched turkish identity and nationalism for 5 mins would have known this so anybody can ignore that `` analysis '' because it is clearly not based on facts . 
  also i love how your entire history is basically anti-turkish wall of texts . 
  how much you get paid bruh ? 
  i want your job . 
  what has netherlands has to do with war of independence though ? 
  i swear i am losing too many braincells when these assholes talk . 
  lol nice fear mongering there pal . 
  just because some are economic immigrants does not mean all of them are . 
  do n't generalize if you want to be taken seriously . 
  because unlike lgbt community women are not a small minority you can ignore and suppress without repercussions . 
  i see many pro-women billboards from akp these days around istanbul . 
  they are trying to get women vote in thier favor for the upcoming referandum these days . 
  `` yes !, 
  if there are women there is democracy '' is the new line akp came up with that i see on every billboard . 
  how ironic lol ... 
  i am not really optimistic % 70 of german turks will vote yes in the end . 
  i mean i get your point but chance of you getting blown in turkey is pretty slim it is more about erdogan than terrorism since this is directly about germans cuz ruskies keep coming . 
  do you live in a cave ? 
  turkey is one of the most popular tourist countries in the entire world . 
  did you miss the part of the jet crises where russia stopped sending tourists to turkey which made our goverment basically realize they fucked up ? 
  tourism is massive here ... 
  good those fuckers in tourism sector are money hungry assholes and very pro-erdogan . 
  see how the man you voted ruin your business . 
  note that russians are still coming so things are not that bad . 
  amount of german tourists are nothing compared to russians . 
  you gave him an material to use for his propaganda and he 'll milk the shit out of it . 
  go on downvote me again most turks are simpletons and will eat this all up . 
  so thanks again eu ... 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  like literally stupid ? 
  can you seriously not see what erdogan is doing ? 
  i am angry because you guys think you are fucking him over by not allowing him campaign in europe but instead you support his rhetoric by banning this . 
  many turks are simpletons this is already in every facebook page , in every twitter account and all around the turkish media . 
  it will cause people who were not even going to vote to vote just because they dislike europe . 
  the referendum is already quite close yet you morons are giving the push erdogan needs . 
  i do n't remember the name of it right now but the cancellation or cencorship of an event will spread more than the event itself . 
  they fucking do n't . 
  we do n't even have free media here . 
  you have all the information in front of you yet you can not even stop and think about this . 
  europe is not the blame but you are helping erdogan by your actions and on the top of that act like `` fuck erdog we showed him !, 
  he has no place in eu '' no you did n't you moron you are helping the asshole and fucking us over . 
  hah it is your problem . 
  you think you can hire thousands of foreign workers pay them with dogshit and treat them like trash allow ghettofication of your cities and expect not having any problems at all ? 
  lol thanks for a good laugh kid . 
  yes go on rally up even more people who were not even gon na vote . 
  eu is doing the best pro-erdogan campaign out there right now . 
  as if it would have been too effective if few hundred idiots circlejerked eachother in some rally thanks for giving him an extra million votes europe . 
  population exchange happened . 
  more like [ cup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/committee_of_union_and_progress ) . 
  young turks was a movement was a liberal reform movement that pretty much every minority backed . 
  the movement was hijacked by maniacs at cup . 
  it could have been something great but those fuckers singlehandly pulled us to ww1 and fucked everything . 
  but they are turkish citizens ... 
  if you want to oppose this notion how about start accepting turks in europe ? 
  you ca n't blame the people when the 2 . and 3 . generations does n't feel accepted and european . 
  that is not a good comparison though . 
  there is n't a million russian citizens living in netherlands who can vote for referandum and elections in russia . 
  i mean some of them are reasonable to a degree but what is wrong with using gendered words ? 
  like i can understand using tax officer/inspector instead of tax man but what is wrong with policeman/woman or businessman/woman ? 
  lol and here my university is filled with crazy nationalists . 
  not sure which one is better . 
  i was gon na mention ankara . 
  when i meant large scale i meant that it never changed the entire result of the elections . 
  i am sure that there was fraud in ankara and fraud do happen but i highly doubt they can literally change the result of the referandum without getting caught . 
  not here but if you say on twitter and facebook you might get in trouble . 
  it is erdogan 's online army who does the reporting and they are not on reddit . 
  you can be jailed 4 year max for insulting the president . 
  i do n't think you would get anything for saying erdo however ironically calling him a dictator would you jailed . 
  not really . 
  there never was a large scale fraud in elections . 
  people really like erdogan he actually gets votes and counting is public with may volunteers actively watching the process . 
  however polls favor no so he might actually try something this time . 
  i 'll also volunteer to watch ballox boxes in my area . 
   let 's not anger the dictator/acknowledge the armenian genocide/defend our values because we would be giving them the reason . 
  are you seriously not seeing stuff like this harms us ?
