  good , fuck this guy . 
   they are not human to me . 
  damn great democracy you got there . 
  he wants to but he probably ca n't right now . 
  despite the major victory by akp in the elections akp still does n't have enough seats to change the constitution to give power to erdogan . 
  great now i just hope they also release the japanese course soon . 
  because despite living in more progressive countries most of them are more conservative than us back home . 
  just look at the vote percents . 
  they also known for causing trouble in the eu so europeans form opinion about turks by looking at them . 
  only % 8 of spanish turks voted for akp ... 
  i should immigrate to spain . 
  i fucking hate turkish diaspora . 
   i am a turk who came to study in the netherlands , so i can shed some light into this rather strange behavior . 
  in my opinion , two developments in the past are causing this 1 ) the netherlands wanted the cheapest , unqualified workers from turkey back in 1960 's . 
  these were ( surprise surprise ) the most religious and uneducated ones , mainly from rural turkey 2 ) until the end of 60 's netherlands were a segregated society , the catholics , protestants and the nonreligious did not interact with each other , did not marry with each other and they all had different newspapers , schools , universities , etc. 
  they each tolerated each other , but did rarely lived together . 
  the government supported all groups the same way . 
  this development ( academic term is `` pillarization '' ) ended sometime around end 1960 's and 1970 's . 
  around this time , it became apparent that the guest workers were not going back and they even brought their wives and children to live with them in the netherlands . 
  the recently joined dutch society used the same `` tolerance '' policy ( actually a segregation policy ) towards migrants in the form of funding their ( religious ) organizations . 
  however most of these organizations were rather extremists . 
  thanks to the support and the tolerance of the dutch government , these organizations have flourished , even though they had rather limited support back in turkey . 
  the 2nd and 3rd generation turks could not integrate into the dutch society , partly thanks to the strong religious turkish identity preserved by these religious organization and partly due to the discrimination that is widely occurring in the dutch society towards non-whites . 
  in the end the turkish diaspora in the netherlands are seriously more conservative than those in turkey . 
  well every single party in the parliament wants a new constitution the question is how will this new constitution be ? 
  chp is like only opposition party that actually did n't fuck up . 
  demirtas ' fault was being too close to pkk and not publicly denouncing the terrorism committed by them and mhp is just retarded . 
  bahceli basically handed the nation to akp . 
  but you would take rudaw 's word about turkey right ? 
  yep we got the highest threshold in the world . 
  chp and hdp wants to lower it but i guess that 's just a dream now ... 
  do n't leave eskisehir :(, 
  congratulations mhp you single-handedly handed the country to akp . 
  i hope bahceli is proud of his accomplishment . 
  turkey is done now we do n't have military to save us so we 're at mercy of akp . 
  let 's just hope that they at least let us secular folk live in peace . 
  i always saw people who ran away from turkey to europe as cowards and sometimes traitors but now i realize that the only reason i saw it that why was becuase i still had hope now that 's gone too . 
  if after all these events in the past few months akp still manages to increase their votes , we turks deserve everything that 's happening to us . 
  i 'm sorry ataturk i guess you were wrong this time . 
  we are n't smart as you thought we were ... 
  never been to austria but i do n't see any reason to doubt his claims . 
  every country has racists it 's sad that he stumbled upon some of them at austria . 
  we 're not a full dictatorship yet thankfully this elections 's results would probably halt that escalating further . 
  i highly doubt akp can form a government themselves and if they ca n't whichever party they make coalition with will prevent erdogan 's dictatorship . 
   newspaper article which mentions that one of his sons is suspected of being involved in an al qaeda attack in turkey that killed 75 people . 
  fuck this shit, 
  yep some people even purposefully made racist comments as a bait . 
  it was hilarious how some people took those comments seriously and submitted there . 
  some people like sadoge even tried to google translate turkish comments and somehow managed to make them sound racist . 
  if you 're able to take that subreddit seriously , cool but a regular of r/turkey would literally laugh at the submissions . 
  anyway that subreddit died in a week and half of the submissions are deleted comments anyway so even turkophobic people has life i guess . 
  note that % 90 of the stuff in / r/turkeysubredditwatch are satire and serious ones are downvoted to hell . 
  it 's sad that i actually know people who would say things like this . 
  now you 're just embarrassing yourself . 
  please stop , you failed to give a proper source for your claims so end of discussion . 
  you 're free to believe what you want but without a proper source to back up your claims do n't expect to be taken seriously . 
  not ages turkey hit ypg two days ago for the first time . 
  it was all pkk before that . 
   ah , like i said , you chose what you want to believe , you chose the first 7 articles . . lol ...  i think you work for either a us or a turkish misinformation agency , trying to make deflect the truth . . lmao ...  july 23rd the deal was signed to allow the us to use turkish air bases the 26 july the turks started bombing runs on syrian kurds and iraqi kurds . . dude you do n't even know turkey and iraqi kurds are allies and they hate pkk as well . 
  please stop you 're not just spreading misinformation you 're literally ignorant about this topic . 
   turkey bombs kurdish rebels in iraq only checked the first link still pkk . 
  i see you still have n't learned reading articles before posting them . 
  wish people like you started reading articles instead of spreading false information . 
  fine i checked the first 7 links and all of them support my claim . 
   why turkey is fighting the kurds who are fighting isis talks about pkk and why turkey bombs them . 
   syrian kurds accuse turkey of attacking their forces ypg accuses turkey of bombing pkk which is right and what i claimed . 
  in fact article specifically mentions that turkey does n't target syrian kurds . 
   turkey confirms shelling kurdish fighters in syria the recent and the first shelling towards ypg that i have mentioned . 
  happened two days ago . 
   turkish jets hit kurdish militants in iraq and isis targets in syria again pkk alongside isis no ypg . 
   turkey admits : ` we have bombed kurdish positions in syria again talking about the shelling two days ago . 
   syrian kurds accuse turkey of attacks , ask u.s. again just pkk ...  turkey says it struck kurdish forces in syria yet again talking about the shelling two days ago . 
  do n't fall for the titles , learn to read before forming opinions otherwise you are no different than a sheep . 
  there is no two sides in this story either turkey bombed ypg for years or did n't . 
  we 're not talking about which side is righteous here . 
  no turkey has been hitting pkk please stop giving false information it was only recently turkey actually shelled ypg for the first time . 
  for some reason western media loves to call pkk just kurds . 
  is there anything erdogan respects ? 
  wow that 's depressing ... 
  it 's nice to hear some good news in these troubling days . 
  new turkey everyone . 
  ataturk was sick and was n't really in charge of the country when the dersim masscare happened . 
  he only left his bed to join the opening ceremony of the new singe\u00e7 bridge and died shortly after the massacre . 
  blaming this tragic event to him is retarded . 
  also ataturk was long dead when the kurdish were banned and they were started to be refered as mountain turks . 
  i do n't even understand why syrians are anti-semitist in the first place they have nothing do to with jews ... 
  i hate fetullah gulen but this is just another huge blow to free press in turkey ... 
  yes but he had to . 
  it was the only way to turn a backwards country around in a few years and even when he had the chance of declaring himself the new sultan he did n't . 
  instead he founded a republic . 
  that 's an overstatement . 
  people seems to forget that we do n't have a proper goverment right now . 
  after elections either everything gon na cool down or it 's gon na get much worse depending on how akp will react this time but without foreign intervention i highly doubt turkey can end up like her neighbor . 
  he wo n't be able to do anything . 
  the previous elections proved that no way his party forming a goverment themselves so as long as he ca n't change the constitution ( he needs 330 seats ) there is nothing to fear of . 
  he 's the president not the prime minister anymore . 
  he has very limited power . 
  president of turkey is mostly a ceremonial office but ofc as i said before if he can somehow get 330 seats the parliment and turn the country to a presidential republic then we 're fucked . 
  nope that stopped with ottoman caliphate which is what erdogan wants to return to . 
  well being turk is mostly cultaral at least that 's how we see it since our ethnic heritage is pretty mixed but i have never heard or seen of anybody who idetifies as turk but does n't know turkish .
