  they have the most ridiculous rap songs i have ever listened and dress like black dudes of the hood from america . 
  tell me more about that goat . 
   ottoman germania , you can not have a more cringy name ... 
  because germany is n't a facist shithole and actually has proper rule of law ? 
  well those are not random people of the street you know they were rebels . 
  even today no country is kind to rebels ... 
  damn should have filled all the holes it would have looked cooler . 
  i hope finally we can switch the `` today 's retarded quote from erdogan '' to today 's retarded quote from trump '' . 
  oh no this wo n't end well ... 
  that moment when you cause so much butthurt that people put you on their coat of arms . 
  sorry to be blunt but who the fuck cares what luxembourg says ? 
  eu never cared whether a country they 're friendly with was democratic or not and it 'll continue that way . 
  then why are you suing k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu for calling you dictator ? 
   killicdaroglu is stupid , thank to him , chp will be labelled hdp/pkk partisan . 
  bullshit no matter what he does chp is labelled that way in the last 4 years akp media is filled with propaganda against chp . 
   here one hdp deputy that killicdaroglu want to protect : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5xwb33f8w0 hdp 's deputy abdulah zeydan `` pkk can drown turkey with its split '' so saying stupid shit means jail in your turkey ? 
  i can go few years back and find akp mps praising pkk as well you all just two-faced idiots . 
  while i do n't support their arrest . 
  it did n't just happen in overnight ... firstly parliament voted for revoking immunities then their connections with pkk was proven so their arrest was not unlawful but it also does n't help one bit and only makes everything worse since the asshole who sits on presidency seat also deserves the same . 
  we have free elections however we do n't have free press which allows the akp to manipulate the votes quite a bit . 
  so it is n't exactly fair ... 
  but they are not ? 
  yes main opposition party who is almost against everything akp does still exists and if something happens to them it will basically mean civil war . 
  hdp 's place was always shaky the arrest of hdp mps are not entirely unlawful the immunity was lifted by the majority vote in the parliament and their connections with pkk was proven but that does n't mean it was right thing to do since hdp was supposed to be political face of pkk in the first place . 
  yes it is but we 're experiencing what we call [ tyranny of the majority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority ) which is a dystopian version of democracy . 
  erdogan is not a dictator everything erdogan does passes from a democratic process but things that should n't pass in a democratic society also pass easily . 
  i guess french ran out of terrorists to arrest ... 
  like it matters . 
  because it was gon na pass anyway and also he did it to prevent akp from making the `` are you with us or them ? '', 
  argument . 
  in this country you ca n't be a politician without also appealing the akp crowd time to time . 
  we really do n't deserve k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daroglu i swear everytime i hear people say he is not strong enough to lead turkey i facepalm . 
  yeah bro your `` strong '' leaders suck balls . 
  i did n't imply that turks did n't believe what you claimed i told the actual truth . 
  i am aware of the constant slander of chp from pro-akp media . 
  i called hdp terrorist supporters because they do not deny their connections with pkk they simply claim that they 're not terrorists it is demirtas ' own words ... 
  did you experience those yourself ? 
  because i know people who live in germany and never heard stuff like this from them . 
  just usual akp bullshit to try to appeal european turks to give the impression that turkey did n't abandon them . 
  no wonder most of european turks vote for akp . 
  it does n't matter if what he said is factually true or not the statement is enough for some reason european turks have a romantic view of turkey it is truly bizarre ... 
  lmao that is retarded . 
  dhkp-c and chp barely has any ideological familiarities and sabah claims all kinds of bullshit like feto-isis-pkk alliance . 
  chp has no proven connection to any armed militant organization which is why we 're seen weak and will easily go down if it goes like this . 
  while they indeed support terrorism in turkey . 
  arresting them does n't help one bit considering that they are elected representatives of 10 % of the population . 
  minus chp all the parties in parliment has ties with some crazy militant organization anyway . 
  i did n't brought up british empire for comparison i brought up to point out a hypocrisy but then he claimed that british was not as brutal as ottoman empire which is factually incorrect . 
  by the way i 'm amazed by your lack of self awareness you accuse me of backtracking but you basically went completely off topic the moment i responded you and keep bringing up unrelated events and people . 
  if you want to be taken seriously by anyone do n't go off-topic and start accusing people just because you lack rebuttal . 
  not once i have mentioned erdogan yet here you are accusing me of being his lackey me a die heart kemalist who is also an atheist . 
  by accusing me without knowing nothing about me you made yourself look like a fool . 
  thinking before writing or talking would save you from a lot of future embarrassments bro you should try it sometime . 
  how is that relevant in anyway ? 
  what kind of brainfart are you experiencing to make such a ridiculous jump of logic ? 
  when i say oppressed obviously i mean the people british empire oppressed . 
  comparing ottomans to british is like comparing a cat to a lion . 
  you call me delusional but compare ottoman empire to biggest colonial empire of the history that is built upon conquering and enslaving half of the world . 
  i do not know what to say man i thought poles would be more sympathetic to oppressed and more historically versed . 
  the cycle continues ... good job erdogan you just did the biggest pkk propaganda of the century . 
  hey now getting trigged from bro is pretty lame bro and i am surprised you even mention numbers since considering the fact that british caused more deaths in india than all the crimes ottoman empire committed in her life-cyle . 
  also the fact that you resort to imaginations to prove your point is pretty pathetic bro . 
  i 'm sure you can do better than that . 
  anyway there is n't a single empire that is not barbaric the idea of empire is barbaric in it 's core so not sure what your point is . 
  owww savage burns bro . 
  catch up with your history first it is easier to count the countries you did n't invade than you invaded and you can create an massive encyclopedia out of british crimes against humanity . 
  if we were to slaughter every single minority in ottoman empire that ever lived we still would n't reach the british level . 
  nice to see i can gun down police in belgium and go free because it is just armed struggle . 
  says the brit the irony is of the charts . 
  he never was against it but he is classic traditionalist . 
  he basically advocates women to prioritize having children above careers . 
   `` the logic that believes women should only be at home , is wrong , '' erdo\u011fan said nov. 2 , adding that `` a strong nation can not be built based on that logic . ''  `` that 's why we do n't have the right to ask why the west is so ahead of us , '' he said , adding that it was crucial to recognize this for the development of countries . 
   `` the logic of keeping women away from everything , from science , knowledge , political life and social life is wrong , '' erdo\u011fan said . 
   `` if we want the women to contribute in our countries ' development targets , we must first make sure they equally have their share of rights and opportunities , '' erdo\u011fan said . 
  `` it is not realistic to expect the women to give their contribution before they are fully included in employment and decision-making mechanisms . '' erdogan bro please keep drinking whatever you 're drinking . 
  can balkans pls chill ... 
  okay this is kinda useless how about if we not count google ? 
  i did n't even know that was a thing wtf it is unheard of here ... 
  well i certainly took that as turks since erdogan 's own ancestors have no known connection to the events he mentioned . 
  and racism is somehow not ? 
  would it be okay if i said germans and russians are genocidal scumbags as a generalization ? 
  eh not sure why would you not believe him . 
  greece is the best neighbor we got after azerbaijan . 
  i still remember the time earthquakes brought us together . 
  it used to be but not anymore . 
  end of discussion ... 
  i really hate when erdogan talks bullshit like this to rally people and he has the gall to say that those islands were ours but was handed over to the greece with treaty of lausanne . 
  like that 's not even historically correct we lost the islands but we did n't give them away with lausanne ... turkish lira is record low why do n't you do something about that ? 
  btw greeks should n't worry about this guys words he says these things to bash ataturk not that he has any plans of taking the islands back . 
  he 's trying to imply that what ataturk accomplished was not as good as kemalists claim which is bullshit that could refuted with one look at the borders agreed on with sevres treaty which the ottoman goverment signed i might add . 
  if there is no prayer going on when they visit yes it is . 
  i thought mandatory field trips were pretty common worldwide . 
  not sure why would you arrange a field trip to the mosque though ... 
  the best kind of war . 
  because ottoman empire totally only waged wars . 
  / s that definition is stupid apart from mongol empire there is no empire just sat around and waged wars without advancing anything . 
  it is too close to the border also carrying the capital to istanbul would basically give the impression of erdogan formally declaring himself the sultan . 
  you underestimate the butthurtness of some people . 
  it is normally just a meme but every time there are some folks that are completly serious . 
  lmao what does that even mean ?
