  anyway here 's a tip if you do n't want to be influenced by propaganda you should start reading stuff from different point of views . 
  who cares who the author is ? 
  read it form your opinions later also gul is not entirely on the same page with erdogan at everything ... 
  why are random politicians feel the need to comment on turkey 's current situation ? 
  it 's always the most obscure ones for some reason as well ... 
  because we kinda have to . 
  secularism in turkey is n't going anywhere . 
  i do n't understand why people keep bringing that up even when some akp mp called end to secularism entirety of akp disagreed with him including erdogan . 
  people keep forgetting that erdogan is a populist he cares more of his power and position than islam hence he 'll always try to appeal to the biggest demographic and people who want non-secular goverment and law are a minority in turkey . 
  what we need to be scared of right now is not death of secularism but erdogan 's ambition to turn the government of turkey to american system . 
  which will allow him to get a lot more executive power as a president . 
  erdogan can not be elected again as a prime minister and he can only elected once more as an president so only way he can get more power is literally removing the parliamentary system in turkey . 
  what is the point of using him as a scapegoat instead of the real perpetrators then ? 
   on the online community eksi s\u00f6zl\u00fck , people add `` ps : i 'm not an akper '' at the bottom of their posts . 
  it 's an attempt to clarify that they 're objective and that they do not support erdogan 's justice and development party . 
  tbh you kinda have to even on reddit to not get accused of being erdotard ... 
  that 's why we use his son bilal as an insult . 
   it seems funny to me that we westerners seem to know more about turkey and it 's crazy , hitler-esque leader more than someone actually from turkey . 
  literally your first statement is enough for me to understand that you do n't know jack shit . 
  i do n't know which one is sadder pure ignorance or ignorance of your ignorance . 
   it 's no wonder you let that mad man not only retain firstly that mad man is elected unlike you i prefer the side of democracy . 
  he 'll be removed democratically or when he ca n't get elected again anymore . 
  also this is funny coming from american since both of your leading candidates for presidency are lunatics at least we always had some decent choices in our elections . 
   but bolster his own power through these underhanded methods . 
  right ... 
  i guess you expected him to not do anything after the coup . 
  removing gulenists does n't make him stronger in anyway because that 's beneficial to every faction in turkey . 
  erdogan can only get more powerful if he manages to change the constitution to turn the government in to your shitty broken american system and that ai n't happening soon because the parliament is blocking it so guess what we 're not really letting him get more power after all but do n't worry i did n't expect you to know all of this . 
   reading your comment makes me sad that ignorant citizens will do whatever it takes to ignore their nazi leanings . 
  is n't it funny whenever someone ignorant of an country argues about it they ca n't make a point without bringing up nazis . 
  quite an interesting phenomenon do n't you think ? 
  it really makes it easier to know who to take seriously and who to not ...  enjoy your caliphate , pleb . 
  you earned it . 
  now , go read a book before your fearless leader burns them all . 
  nice advice i should give the same to you . 
  try reading one of fethullah gulen 's books the guy who orchestrated the coup and has been trying to turn turkey to an islamic republic for years but ran away to your country when his plans surfaced back in 90s and was given green card by cia you guys love harboring islamists for some reason huh ? 
  anyway erdogan is head of the state for 14 years if he did n't declare himself caliph yet ai n't doing it but i ca n't say the same for gulen . 
   the americans response is similar to most of europe america is not similar at this aspect at all . 
  usa is an highly militarized country while europe is not and civilians having weapons is not even uncommon in usa while most europeans did n't even shot a gun before to even think of fighting in a war . 
  there is a reason why iraq wasvery unpopular in europe but around 60 % was in favor of invasion in usa . 
  the point here is not that . 
  it 's whether you would be part of those 20 % if you 're asked by your country . 
  the problem with that logic is there are far better and safer ways to eliminate those opponents as erdogan-gulen allience did to our kemalist officers back in the day . 
  if erdogan wanted a false flag he did n't need to sacrifice 300 people and dozens of military vehicles and equipment ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sledgehammer_ ( coup_plan ), 
  no the status quo will continue . 
  turkey will keep being an semi-dictatorship with some islamist tendencies however it would have been even worse if the coup succeeded . 
  however the army and the bureaucracy being cleaned from gulenists is a good thing for everybody they have been infesting this country for more than 50 years and erdogan helped them a lot at least he 's cleaning his mess now . 
  the only problem is there will probably be a lot of innocent victims who 'll lose their jobs . 
  the question clearly means that if there is any instance you fight you say yes otherwise i can create scenarios that anybody would n't fight for their country . 
  anybody who likens the coup to reichstag fire either barely knows anything about turkey and what happened or a massive retard . 
  from liberals , secularists , leftists to nationlists , conservatives , and islamists are pretty much convinced that the coup was orchestrated by gulenists but for some reason i guess westerners know turkey and what happened that night better than us because from what i seen from western media they seemed to be convinced that it was an false flag . 
  the worst part is the only argument that 's used to support this belief is erdogan being an evil jackass ... 
  it seems like if there is any condition you 'll fight for you country you say yes . 
  if not no ... 
  wow europe is truly fucked if this is authentic and i 'm pretty sure this question does not mean `` would you go and fight in foreign land for your country 's interests '' . 
   the levels of delusion a turkish nationalist can reach . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i think you guys really do n't know how western world is seen by the rest of the world . 
  if eu breaks this deal it 'll just reinforce that rhetoric . 
  do n't expect to find any replacement country to dump your refugees in if you break this deal . 
   as if he needed an external enemy to turn you into pakistan 2.0 , kurds are enough.and if not kurds gulenists.or kemalists.or the uncle of a kebab shop owner who is just ready to do a coup , more or less anyone in turkey is a threat to the turkish nationalists if the leader says so . 
  i do n't even know what the fuck you 're talking about here ... 
   erdogan is demanding already more than what was agreed in the negotiations while doing as little as possible , if anyone is in violation it is erdogan . 
  source ? 
  erdogan did n't demand anything more that what was agreed on the table unless you 're talking about the visa-free travel that one is a seperate matter . 
   cancelling the talks would be seen as the eu standing by its principles while not being humiliated by a dictator who has lost his connection with reality . 
  eu 's principles in not holding their promises because they dislike the person they made the deal with ? 
  if you disagree working with authoritarian regimes you might as well cut your connection from half of the world and you made the deal with erdogan in the first place not someone else we did n't elect erdogan yesterday . 
   besides , this only proves how much control erdogan has over us if he can leverage the migrants for political gain . 
  we should cut our losses while we can erdogan does n't have any control over you . 
  you sat down on table as equals and both got what they wanted . 
  if you wan na leave the table that 's fine however do n't cry when refugees start coming again . 
  this is n't blackmail it 's called give and take bro ...  take a page out of australia 's play book and set up refugee camps on some agean islands and pay greece handsomely for it , god knows they need the money more than erdogan . 
  greece would n't let eu to throw themselves under the bus . 
  the main problem with refugees is n't the money wasted on them it 's their behavior . 
  you do n't headlines about ukrainian refugees for a reason . 
  what merkel gon na do is increase the migrant quotas ... 
  it is not . 
  you made a deal with turkey and it included reopening the accession negotiations . 
  if you halt it now the deal will be off and refugee influx from aegean will restart . 
  not only that eu would be the one to break the deal which will make the rest of the world reluctant to trust eu . 
  halting eu talks will only help erdogan to fuel his anti-western rhetoric more and make eu look bad . 
  it would just be a big diplomatic mistake ... 
  status quo is a reward ? 
   ehm ... there are several ways of erdogan not having a single shit of evidence . 
  examples ? 
  it 's quite the opposite there is literally 0 chance of erdogan not having any credible evidence . 
  if you literally have nothing you have thousands of testimonies . 
   and they being allied some time past has nothing to do with that . 
  no him being allied with gulen back in the day gives him access the strongest evidences . 
  because all those coup plotter generals were given those positions when gulen and erdogan removed the kemalists from the army and put them in their place so they were handpicked officers with close ties to gulen and erdogan has documents about it . 
   i dont know if he has any evidence but unless he provides that evidence the us has no obligation to arrest gulen . 
  i do not understand why you keep repeating . 
  that how do you know the 85 boxes of evidence set to be presented are not credible evidence ? 
  erdogan is not just demanding gulen he is presenting evidence as you wished ... 
  lol at least we are aware of not having free media unlike you . 
  gulen bought of every single mainstrem media in usa after the coup attempt . 
  here 's an article from washingon post . 
  even erdogan does n't do this kind of propaganda articles . 
  your country only have illusion of free press .
