  yet erdogan still concerns himself with who called him gollum ... 
  does n't really matter . 
  my point was religion being separate from the state is not a must to be member of eu . 
  if this guy a refugee or a muslim citizen europe gon na have another shitstorm ... 
   `` because we 're muslim '' is a simplistic reason . 
  albania and bosnia have plenty of muslims and they 'll be in the eu soon enough . 
  yeah no ... use that argument when they actually enter the eu . 
  it is a simplistic reason but it is still a reason that 's used by eu to deny candidates . 
   separation of religion and state . 
  there are eu nations with religion and state not being separate . 
   i think kurdistan will have a chance after the daesh war . 
  they do n't treat their women like animals and that 's a huge thing in a muslim country . 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cringe ... [ the kurdish propaganda on reddit is phenomenal ] ( http://imgur.com/bmvngx3 ) it 's sad to see it 's working . 
  anyway you seem to be not aware but kurds are more conservative than turks in turkey . 
  yeah they 're basically more religious than erdogan worshiping folk and not so religious kurds still [ have a very backwards tribal culture ] ( http://family.jrank.org/pages/1026/kurdish-families-kurdish-marriage-patterns.html )  they do n't treat their women like animals and that 's a huge thing in a muslim country . 
  and we do ? 
  damn did n't know all we had to do to top at women 's rights is to conscript them to army . 
  lol erdogan everybody know that already but you 're not making it easy . 
  thanks to you now they have more legit reasons ... 
  good to know newspapers are shit everywhere . 
  we 're not close to getting in to eu and we never will but more than half of what you wrote is basically pure bollocks . 
  also even if the things you wrote without doing a shred of research were correct it would n't mean a thing because every new eu member needs to be approved by everybody and well some of them are not fond of us because of reasons that you can write a book about it in fact we do n't even recognize one of them . 
  there 's also the fact that eu is basically christian european club and we 're neither christian and nor european . 
  just 13 ? 
  filthy casual ... 
  [ all tea belongs to us in the first place !, 
  filthy pretender brits !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tea_consumption_per_capita ), 
  no need to clone we 're willing to give the original because we love europe . 
  money from erdogan 's shoe boxes . 
  [ meanwhile ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/20/erdogan-dinner-turkish-transgender-actor-bulent-ersoy-istanbul-lgbt-rally ) ... 
  that 's the point . 
  are people here religious ? 
  yes just like in poland but no there is no oppressive religious laws yet . 
  aw man i was totally waiting for turkey . 
  i thought they would sneak in istanbul at least . 
  does n't matter turkish islamists adore ottoman empire and lots of ottoman caliphs had male lovers or concubines . 
  because gays are stilll acking rights in turkey and our culture still demands them to be ashamed of being gay . 
  that 's not the problem they harbor pkk they allow them in to their territory , they let them host training camps , use rojava as a supply line and they expressed that they are in fact ready to aid pkk whenever they can multiple times . 
  if for example belgium did all of this for isis you would have a problem with belgium as well . 
  also amount of ypg militants who 're killed by turkish airstirkes are less than 10 those were just warning shots . 
  we 're not calling for war against rojava however do n't think we 'll just sit down and twiddle our thumbs when a terrorist friendly state is emerging right at out border, 
  sorry but it 's just goddamn irritating whenever someone brings up the genocide to prove a point . 
  like it 's just so dumb armenian genocide is not always relevant when you 're critizing turkey but i get what you mean . 
  title is misleading ...  it said friday that marches departing from istanbul 's iconic taksim square would not be allowed `` for the safety of our citizens and the participants . '' which is a valid concern because they already got threats and lgbt individuals are generally a target of muslim extremists as we saw in orlando . 
  may day demonstrations in taksim square was also banned because of similar reasons . 
  taksim square and istiklal street are hard to fully secure with police forces hence the parade will happen in a different designated place but no doubt some people will still try to get in to taksim square . 
  i know that the place has a symbolic importance but not much will change if it 's done somewhere different . 
  that 's a special matter . 
  the shooting of the russian jet is the main reason for the decline of russian tourists . 
  how could it be fault of erdogan politics when he gave the most rights to kurds ? 
  when he literally get % 50 of the kurdish populations votes ? 
  pkk pre-dates erdogan he literally sat on table with pkk despite all the terrorism they caused . 
  if there is any case erdogan is n't the aggressor it 's this one also stop insulting kurds by acting like pkk are the representative of kurds . 
  we 're fighting pkk and their allies not kurds . 
  because it 's reuters they have a policy about using those . 
  which is why that 's not we 're doing . 
  turkey only did some warning shots on pyd like the amount of ypg casualties by turkish bombing does n't even pass 10 . 
  the reason why pyd does n't seem like a terrorist organization right now is becuase they recruited a lot of locals who just want a weapon to protect their loved ones from isis menace and i do n't really blame them for joining ypg . 
  i still have some hope for pyd since they become more than just `` pkk in syria '' if they expel pkk and denounce their alliance with them i 'm sure we can gen along otherwise i 'm in favor of doing everything that 's not outside the ethical boundaries to prevent an independent pyd led syrian kurdistan . 
  even if that were true we still would n't be comparable to suadis . 
  erdogan is a crazy wannabee dictator . 
  he 's not out to bring sharia and spreed crazy wahhabism he just wants more power and want to live like a royalty . 
  i do n't i 'm pointing out hypocrisy . 
  pkk-ypg get a free pass because they fight isis well al qaeda does too but why do they do n't get a pass ? 
  because pkk does n't blow up bombs in west while al qaeda does hence al qaeda is bombed . 
  well pkk does those stuff in our country then why 're we genocidal facists when we do the same ? 
   they bombed the kurds in syria who are fighting isis . 
  and west bomb al-qaeda that 's fighting isis . 
  stop being such a goddamn hypocrite . 
  you hate isis because they did a terrorist attack in your country and pkk has been doing it in our country for 30 fucking years . 
  yet we have no right to fight them because apparently they 're fighting the terrorists that harm you . 
  you see this [ shit that happened recently ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/june_2016_istanbul_bombing ) ? 
  how would you feel if this happened in your country ? 
  would you still say nah we should leave them alone they fight isis ? 
  knowing that they 'll continue doing it unless you act or submit to their demands ? 
  stop choosing between terrorists . 
  isis is literally it 's own faction in syria everybody fucking hostile to them . 
   members of the government have tried to pass a religious constitution no they did n't . 
  are you lying on purpose or are you saying this because you 're one of those guys who hates reading articles and just cares about titles ? 
  one mp said something like `` we should accept that we 're a muslim country and add this to the new constitution '' everybody disagreed with him and he looked like a total fool yes even motherfucking erdogan himself promised an secular constitution and said and this mp 's opinions were of his own not the akp 's . 
   and they deny the armenian genocide . 
  are you dumb or intentionally acting dumb ? 
  we have been denying the genocide for the last 100 years you idiot and tourism always flourished nobody at least half sane gives a rats ass about armenian genocide when they 're deciding where to go for holiday . 
  it took fucking 100 years for even humanist western world to fully recognize it . 
   or me , turkey has become a country like saudi arabia . 
  in what way exactly ? 
  only a mad would even compare turkey to saudi arabia . 
  if you really think that 's the reason the tourism is dying you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i suggest you to do some research unless you enjoy embarrassing yourself on reddit . 
  [ this is the reason ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2016/06/10/kurdish-militants-claim-istanbul-blast-and-warn-tourists-turkey-is-not-safe/ ) why tourism is dying nobody . 
  people do n't have retarded ideas about rondom countries like you they just want to have a good time without the fear of getting blown up by either isis or pkk . 
  yeah apparently 50 % feel thretened by islam while 40 % want to ban muslim immigration . 
  however it 's sky and breitbart that 's reporting it . 
  google it and you 'll see . 
  i just did and responded to you but it seems like r/europe does not allow right wing sources because it got deleted lol . 
   why did the mps that voted get so many death threats and have to get police protection then ? 
  it takes one threat for a mp to get police protection . 
   if you 're in sweden you probably saw the turkish man that called for killing all armenians in a speech relatively recently ( i think the man 's name was barbaros leylani ) . 
  and he 's fired for it .
