   when you ask what evidence there is to show it was the pkk , they have none !, 
  looooool i am speechless how can someone be this slimly this disgusting . 
  you went to wikipedia page ignored everything proving pkk was behind it . 
  the fact that they claimed it , the fact that apo admitted ordering it , the fact that locals being harrased by pkk beforehand and blame me for not showing any evidence ? 
  just stop kiddo . 
   he cries about terrorism and how evil the pkk are for what they did in the 90 's , but he seems to have no issues with turkey 's history . . no it is the opposite you goddam moron . 
  you are the one who 's ignoring pkk 's terrorism i am not a disgusting hypocritical `` human '' being like you . 
  i acknowledge everything . 
  pkk is product of our own stupidity . 
  turkish goverment wronged kurds many times however it is the pkk who carries that logic to the 21 . century . 
  they are the ones who are preventing us to progress even fucking erdogan  his arguments are the pkk is listed as terrorists for what they did , but hey , that does n't apply to turkey . 
  show me a internationally recognized country that 's designated as a terrorist state ? 
  stop acting dumb turkey has been criticized for it 's actions over and over and over again nobody gets away free . 
  terrorist designation is not for countries it is for militant organizations or private armies . 
  a terrorist leader 's face or flag is not a symbol . 
  they can wave their normal flags if they want . 
  [ this flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_kurdistan ) is totally fine and so are other variations on the page . 
  i was taking her words seriously then she started pledging to apo while at the same time supporting democracy but she 's an old woman so i guess it is understandable . 
  btw did n't know anf was allowed here . 
  anf is like sabah on steroids they 'll already milking the event to the death % 99 of the interview has nothing to do with isis but ofc anf would pick that single comment she made to put on the title . 
  i can bet 100 dollars that if anyone posts a sabah article it would get downvoted to hell even if it 's contents are true like this anf one . 
  your `` source '' has absolutely nothing pointing out the guy being close to erdogan in any way . 
  erdogan takes pics with his supporters all the freaking time even . 
  then again you ca n't expect much from a site with an ad asking for a terrorist organization to be removed from terror list . 
  please stop trying to pull this to a different direction . 
  the guy is a crazy akp supporter who is also obviously racist which seems like the main motivator for his attacks . 
  it is delusional to claim that erdogan had any direct relation with the attack apart from provoking these lunitics to do stuff like this with his speeches . 
  oh for the love of god only 2 week left to the referandum . 
  i do n't even care about the result anymore i just want this guy to shut the fuck up . 
  however [ this is really alarming ] ( http://soc.kuleuven.be/web/staticpage/3/7/eng/560 ) . 
  really ? 
  do you seriously not see that ridiclous slippery slope you 're doing ? 
  where the hell did he mentioned that these turks , morrocans , sri lankans and algerians insulted or mocked his culture ? 
  dude was literally displeased simply because they were not european if that 's not racist i do n't know what is . 
  and no it is not true for anyone who is not raging racist . 
  everybody who 's sane would love foreigners coming to their country to study or as tourists . 
  it allows a mutual cultural exchange to happen which is the freaking point of the erasmus program . 
  at least you are honest . 
  i am active here because somenoe needs to explain stuff to the europeans when turkey is mentioned and turkey is surprisingly very relevant for a sub about europe . 
  i said europe was pretty stupid to not do this and was told that it is against secularism . 
  there is nothing un-secular about keeping the religion on check . 
  you should n't worry much . 
  if something happens it 'll be in ankara or istanbul not izmir . 
  makes sense . 
  referandum is coming terrorists or protestors might act up . 
  people should stay away from turkey for at least a month . 
  i lived in istanbul for 20 years and i still ca n't comprehend why the fuck some people love this place too much . 
  i lost count of the times i wanted to scream and bang my head because of the traffic and general crowdness i need to deal with . 
  we are n't taught anything like that . 
  it happens at later age people simply start making delusional assumptions . 
  you obviously just met a bad group of people . 
  you should n't let a one experience cloud your judgement poland is a great country and there are many things that you ca n't find in western europe there . 
  nice racism there pal . 
  non-europeans are not good enough for you eh ? 
  you totally wanted to welcome the foreigners in to your country just right kind of foreigners !, 
  the worst part is the fact that daily shit is still alive . 
  there was a guy on r/turkey who lived in europe and woke up with shit load of pro-yes pamphlets for the upcoming referendum right in front of his door . 
  he had no idea how the hell they knew he was living there . 
  erdogan is an ethnic georgian take that europeans he got free visa travel he wanted !, 
  is this his attempt to appeal pro eu crowd in turkey ? 
  i do n't even understand this guy anymore . 
  lol look at this retard who thinks he knows jack shit . 
  here is a tip kid check the person who responding before soundling like an idiot . 
  i am like biggest erdogan hater in this place . 
  i am not defending that son of a bitch do n't you ever dare ever paint me as one of those guys dogs again . 
  what i am saying is this is not a anti-erdogan rally . 
  it is simply an pro-pkk rally bandwagoning to the anti-erdogan sentiment in europe and since you clearly unable to comprehend murder and execution is wrong . 
  it also contradicts with european values . 
  if it was any other leader than erdogan that who the protesters pointed gun to his/her head the police would have taken them down which is why erdogan argument was sound for the first time . 
  here is a one last tip go back to r/denmark world politics is obviously too complicated for you . 
  no matter how much you hate someone implying to murder him is not a good thing and i do n't remember erdogan threatening switzerland this is just pkk guys doing what they do . 
  that moment when you are so butthurt that you can not think of anything else . 
  if you check the poll itself you 'll see that that 12 % only want certain parts of sharia . 
  like execution of apostates and stoning stuff was around 20 % of that 12 % . 
   the demonstration was organised by several kurdish groups and is also said to have included members of the outlawed pkk group . 
   during the rally , some protesters held a flag of the turkish president with a gun pointing to his head . 
  also apo flag is there . 
  another pkk rally in guise of being against erdogan 's dictatorship . 
  nothing to see here . 
   `` radical terrorist organisations had a picture of me outside the swiss parliament today showing a gun pointing to my head . 
  is it possible that there is such a mentality ? 
  is it possible that there is such a way of thinking ? 
  and this took place in switzerland , '' the turkish president said . 
  the most logical argument erdogan did in the last 20 years . 
  read the article it tries to liken turkey to nazis because of turkey 's foreign policy in ww2 era it does n't even criticize erdogan . 
   even though the brits helped to train turkish pilots in 1940 , ismet inonu , erdogan 's more diplomatic predecessor at the time , actually sent turkish officers to occupied europe as guests of the nazi reich to tour the eastern front and the atlantic wall opposite britain -- a happy trip during which , so the turkish visitors later reported , they were treated with much respect and given unexpected access to wehrmacht military planners . 
  thank heavens turkey still has historians to expose such little nuggets of history , if they are not locked up today in erdogan 's prisons . 
  just read this shit . 
   the nazis , whom erdogan pretends to hate so much , rather liked turkey . 
  not only did turkey stay neutral in the war , but the nazi newspaper volkischer beobachter and other reich dailies had , since the early 1930s , devotedly praised the `` turkified '' state which had emerged from the ruins of the first world war . 
  this was a thinly-layered reference to ottoman turkey 's `` racial purity '' after the genocide of one and a half million of its minority christians in 1915 -- a holocaust which deeply influenced hitler in his own decision to destroy the jews of europe . 
  they have a goal it is to start a war between muslims and the non-muslims . 
   we are at war with islam and we should respond accordingly . 
  damn dude how much for that crusader armor ? 
  if you feel like you are at war with islam instead of islamic terrorist groups it means they already won . 
  because their goal is to start a islam vs all non muslims war in the first place . 
  their goal is to forcefully drag muslims to their side when muslims are targeted as a retaliation for their actions . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  good job erdogan since you have been an idiot nobody takes you seriously anymore even when you are talking about something that people should talk about . 
  oh independent .
