  that makes it a lot more tragic actually . 
  i wish he was a dictator that got to his position by force . 
  that way we would be at least be able to say that we 're not responsible for his actions . 
  but we elected him and continue to do so . 
  just erdogan things . 
  apparently telling the government 's dirty deals to the world is `` treason '' . 
  fuck you erdogan silence people all you want you 're only creating more proof of your crimes in syria . 
   yeah , turkey let isis operatives into country to do whatever they want . 
  lol  isis is supported by most of turkey . 
  double lol, 
  do n't know maybe because after fucking 30 years of being a candidate eu still brings up the eu card when they need something from us . 
  either man up and say you are n't letting us in or stop with that false hopes we are n't idiots . 
  well i would n't say no to eu membership in any normal circumstance but that does n't mean we should still attempt to enter after being fucked over for this long . 
   what propoganda ? 
  turkey would marry isis in a heartbeat if that means isis would annihilate the kurds for them . 
  yeah we need some shitty islamist militants to commit a genocide right ? 
  if we had plans to annihilate kurds we would have done it at least 50 times by now . 
  i really am baffled how you guys can believe or think scenarios like this without cringing . 
  you 're right it is n't even propaganda it 's pure bullshit and an insult to genocide victims in all around the world . 
  this is not how turkish government handles journalists they dislike . 
  if akp wanted this man gone they would have locked him up or kicked him out of the country . 
  this seems more like an assassination by isis directly . 
   ok , another proposal : why not give them some autonomy and you can all be friends and go fight isis together . 
  because it 's unnecessary . 
  tell me one thing that kurds ca n't get without autonomy . 
  pkk has snipers for the last 30 years . 
  ever heard of `` uzun namlulu silahlar '' ? 
  half pkk attacks are with them . 
   does ypg attack turkish forces/civilians ? 
  well no ypg is n't in turkey they are exclusively in syria but they 're exchanging info with pkk and basically send men to each other when in need . 
  lol anf news . 
  even [ zaman ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/national_3-month-old-baby-grandfather-killed-in-town-under-curfew_408014.html ) 's article is better than than this shit . 
  it 's also hilarious that they even failed to get the month right what a pathetic attempt for an propaganda news ... 
   murderers do n't tend to confess , especially when they know they 'll get away with it . 
  so how do you know it was government forces that shot the kid then ? 
  cizre is under curfew for a reason the kid got caught in crossfire between terrorists which the grantparents were trying to get them to the ambulance . 
  why do you think ambulance were n't able to come near their house ? 
  how can belgium be real if our eyes are n't real ? 
   you mean because of the indiscriminate targeting of the turkish military ? 
  yeah totally !, 
  those guys most be confused about who they 're running from . 
  they 're obliviously lying to the interviewers in fear of turkish military . 
  the glorious pkk would never touch civilians . 
  they never blew or burned houses , schools or hospitals . 
  they never robbed or forced people to dig for their trenches and they would never shoot you if you refuse to their demands becuase they 're the definition of angels !, 
  in fact you get blessed if you even lay your eyes on a glorious pkk freedom fighter . 
   otherwise everyone from the american freedom fighters to the french partisans would be terrorists . 
  umm ... 
  they are ? 
   the definition of terrorism is the indiscriminate targeting of civilians , which the pkk does not do anymore tell that to the almost million kurds that had to run away from their homes because of pkk 's terrorism . 
  tell their face that they have nothing to fear from because [ pkk do n't `` target civilians '' ] ( http://www.dailysabah.com/nation/2015/12/20/pkk-terrorists-kill-70-year-old-man-who-refused-to-give-up-his-house-in-sirnak ) . 
  also that 's not the definition of terrorism in the first place . 
  terrorism is using violence to intimidate and coerce the government to accept your political goal . 
  by your definition a group of bloodthirsty murderers would be terrorists while they 're not if they are n't doing it for a political purpose . 
  good get united already so some fucktards finally will be forced to stop saying `` hurr durr you 're occupying an eu member '', 
   that 's not the reason ... 
  there are like dozens of reasons before this one even come to a point where it could affect the process . 
  while your right even if the other reasons were to vanish this one will never go away and thus turkey will never enter to eu . 
  well he has his eyes on mosul these days not aleppo , yet ... 
  do n't give erdogan ideas . 
  lol $ 3 billion is probably less that what erdogan spends a week for his asshole . 
  that 's all you get for $ 3 billion i guess . 
  we spend $ 500 million each month on refugees your money does n't even cover one year of the expenses and they still keep increasing . 
  very negative because people are morons . 
  they have no knowledge about the history between two countries so they just hate israel because they kill `` muslim children '' . 
  it 's sad really ... 
  i was literally called `` israel agent '' for not hating on israel for quite a few times . 
  good let 's hope both sides stay clear of cyprus from now on . 
  are we surprised ? 
  ofc not ... 
  he wo n't do shit . 
  putin is n't as retarded as you think ... do n't confuse russia with soviet union . 
  it does n't matter how long the jet violated turkish airspace . 
  it was shot down to send a message and it got through . 
  not a single airspace violation happened since it was shot down . 
  if you ca n't even bother to read one page completely forget it mate ... 
  yeah because this was totally isolated indecent !, 
  it 's not like russia has been violating turkish airspace for the last 6 months are anything . 
  we 're just aggressive warmongering kebab . 
  not completely it was shot down in turkish airspace but crashed in syria . 
  on the top of that he 's purposefully ignoring all the evidence that puts russia at the wrong side . 
  an a-class bootlicking ... [ source ] ( http://live.aljazeera.com/event/turkey_downs_russian_jet/207503335 ), 
  well once i was talking with my online friends on skype for gaming and answered my roommate without closing the mic and they thought i was talking japanese lol ... 
  i have no idea how the hell japanese and turkish sound any similar ... 
   seyran ohanian and his visiting greek counterpart , panos kammenos , openly sided with moscow in its continuing war of words with ankara over the november 24 downing of the russian su-24 bomber by a turkish fighter jet . 
  `` turkey has failed to prove that its airspace was violated . 
  in fact , the russian warplane was shot down in syria 's airspace , '' lol someone is licking too many boots . 
  nice ... 
  i 'm a non-smoker and i ca n't stand people smoking indoors and near children . 
  it 's a [ crazy ass project ] ( http://i.takvim.com.tr/2015/09/04/1441382792426.jpg ) like suez canal ... edit : apparently there is an [ english wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kanal_%c4%b0stanbul ) as well . 
  nah this is all just a piss race . 
  neither side will apologize or beg for forgiveness and keep fucking with each other . 
  i just hope it does n't escalate any further . 
  logic do n't apply to erdogan and putin so everything can happen ... 
  lol no it was n't but closing the bosporus would be . 
  hey they [ totally bomb isis ] ( http://static.karar.com/img/article_detail/15-10/07/2d23f64a00000578-3261603-image-a-26_1444144288090.jpg ) . 
  the ones in camps are alright but only around % 20 of refugees are in camps the rest only get basic services and live like hobos . 
  letting them work legally would be disastrous so there is no integration in the first place . 
  we allowed this many refugees in to keep them safe nothing more ... 
  lol chill i 'm not serious .
