  especially not the ones that have been aggressive towards turkey since the day one . 
  why do the oldest kid look like hitler though ? 
  tries not to cry ... cries a lot . 
  good we should increase our fight against isis . 
  they have been firing rockets to kilis for weeks now glad to see we 're not sitting empty-handed . 
  [ pkk always used child soldiers ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=pkk+child+soldiers&amp;safe=off&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=643&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjy9--jvrvmahxmbzokhwjidniq_auibigb&amp;dpr=1 ) they even proudly boast about it but whatever believe in what you wish ... 
  i highly doubt it . 
  overwhelming majority of young women in turkey does not wear hijab . 
  it 's more about where the refugees come from and what kind of ridiclous myths they believe about europe . 
  fucking animals ... 
  did n't know europeans hated money . 
  firstly only what happened to armenians qualifies as genocide because the government was only targeting specifically armenians as you as see from the [ law they passed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tehcir_law ) . 
  greeks and assyrians got caught up in the middle of it . 
  what happened to them was an ethnic cleansing just like how balkan and caucasian muslims were mostly ethnic cleansed . 
  most greeks in ottoman empire and turks in greece was saved by this population exchange ... 
  if 2 million lives can be saved by relocating i 'll take relocating . 
  really ca n't find anything about it . 
  every source is very shifty ... demolition of cultural buildings would create a massive outrage in turkey . 
  no way it would n't get reported . 
  better than getting mixed up in an ethnic violence and dying also same can be said for balkan muslims who were forced to migrate to anatolia or were killed . 
  another proof of pkk-tak not just targeting the police or the army . 
  that suicide attack happened near a mosque that is filled with civilians because of an funeral . 
  their goal was to kill innocent people . 
  fucking subhuman monsters ...  tak says it split from the pkk , which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the turkish state to push for kurdish autonomy in the largely kurdish southeast , but experts who study the militant groups say they retain close links . 
  very good journalism here . 
  it 's rare to to see such objectivity these days . 
  which church are you talking about ? 
  only churches that are gone in izmir are the ones that burned down at the great fire . 
  the rest are celebrating at greece . 
  yeah the churches pkk blew up so the government can rebuild and reopen them . 
  you can start talking your nonsense if turkey demolishes those churches . 
  not one random guy on the street though to . 
  the justice minister says this ... 
  ministers supposed to be the representatives of the people 's will in a democratic society which is what i assumed . 
  well i ca n't really read the article because it 's not in english so i spoke a bit more generally . 
  right and you reached to the conclusion by looking at events that happened 100 years ago ? 
  amazing deducting skills you got there ... 
  we have less chance of getting in to eu than 10 years ago ffs calm the fuck down uk . 
  also if turkey ever becomes a member of eu , turkish migrants who want to move to europe would most likely go to germany not uk . 
  both sweden and finland should become a nato member . 
  you 're never safe alone when you border a nation like russia . 
  especially when it 's run by a crazy autocrat . 
   turkey was one of em . 
  so you have problem with secular turkey as well ? 
  the turkey you supported to fight against communism was pretty fucking secular . 
   now we have a huge fucking islamist flea to deal with . 
  well guess what your nation was very supportive of that islamist flea as well . 
  check the articles from usa run media from the days when he was first elected if you want to cringe . 
  and those are relevant because ? 
  not much ... you did n't do anything it 's the people that come to your nation you do n't pay a single dime most of the time . 
  the european refugee camps are barely better than african tent cities . 
   how it 's always been done when someone without the proper papers enters the country : deportation . 
  the problem is here you ca n't deport someone if their coutry does n't take them back the whole reason you made a deal with us is because of this . 
  so you 'll have somewhere to deport the troublemaker migrants . 
  you 'll need to make a deal with some african nations like you did with us to stop them coming or you can flip all human rights organizations and put them to boats and tell them to fuck off . 
  lol this is like european horror story . 
  another reason to be one again !, 
  at least we 're counted as europe ... 
  so erdogan also wants the truth alongside insults to be removed eh ? 
  did he not order police to brutally suppress the protesters in gezi protests ? 
  he did in fact he admitted on tv so yes erdogan you did order the murder of berkin elvan and you did prevent the murderer police officer from getting prosecuted . 
  erdogan is not even close to being sultan . 
  he 's fully dependant on his party to do stuff . 
  presidency seat does not give you much power davutoglu and the rest of the akp can ditch him any day which they should if you ask me . 
  you can start calling erdogan sultan if he manages to change the constitution to turn turkey to a usa like `` republic '' . 
  which he wo n't be able to unless mhp goes full retard ... 
  no idea i do n't have a time machine to go back to sultanate days and check . 
  hah we 're better than russia which is all that matters !, 
  some of us are self-aware you know . 
  i love how this obvious satire comment is downvoted . 
  guess this explains why europeans insult erdogan and call it satire . 
  well if you think you can do a better job be our guest . 
  watching the actions of turkey is like watching a comedy movie ... 
  and that 's a bad thing why exactly ? 
  in fact it 's 3 birds with one stone . 
  you remove isis from your border , prevent pkk/pyd from completely taking over your syrian side of the border and fueling terrorism in your nation and lastly you get a safe zone to put the refugees in . 
   wipe out kurds from it . 
  so how does this happen then ? 
  you 're contradicting yourself turkey is already able to prevent the two pyd-pkk enclaves from merging without going in to syria the main reason is refugees . 
  also pyd fully supports and fuels terrorism in turkey ofc they 're gon na take action against them and prevent terrorists from gaining more ground near their border . 
  there are no kurds in the area erdogan proposed for safe zone and no it has absolutely everything to do with the refugees his other agenda is preventing the creation of pyd/pkk corridor . 
  because pollandball ... 
  because japanese people are very admired in turkey and also [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_frigate_ertu%c4%9frul ) . 
  but seriously we do love japan and admire them . 
  whenever i see turks doing self-evaluation on social media japan is always given as an example that we should follow . 
  it 's really interesting that we pretty much hate all our neighbors while loving far away countries like korea and japan . 
  the churches are seized for restorations . 
  akp government rebuilt or opened hundreds of churches before they do n't have a vendetta against them . 
  these articles are trying way too hard but it 's also kinda refreshing to see the true face of the western media when we 're on the spotlights . 
   ancient the important part is here . 
  even erdogan apologized for it . 
  the problem is it being not recognized as genocide . 
  no it 's difficult because of politics . 
  turkey only denies the genocide label nobody says that no armenian civilians were murdered by ottoman empire . 
  if one day armenia-turkey relations get better it might be recognized who knows ... 
  lol erdogan has been saying the same thing since 2011 ofc he also has a different agenda alongside the refugees . 
  i feel like the article missing some critical details ... 
  look i do n't support this one bit but erdogan made it very clear that he has a very small dick hence he does n't tolerate to any insults . 
  so maybe if you 're in turkey try not to insult him or if you gon na do do n't leave any evidence like insult on reddit or somewhere anonymous . 
  turkey is like thailand right now erdogan is clearly mad you would n't want to get mixed up in this shit .
