  middle east has other problems that drive people to terrorism that would take far too long to type out just do a research . 
  nobody would go and blow up themselves for no reason even crazy religious fanatics . 
  ah good ol' turkish jokes . 
  they did n't active it for neither of attacks that happened in turkey as well . 
  man belgium ca n't catch a break . 
  that 's horrible . 
  :( stay strong belgium the perpetrators will be punished . 
   should not be allowed to exist in open society europe . 
  you mean anywhere . 
  i do not understand what does op trying to say . 
  he was talking about pkk since brussels allowed them to pitch tents which does n't make much sense since pkk does n't have any reason to attack belgium . 
  then go to afghanistan . 
  he wears a ridiclous hat so he must be correct . 
  man i do n't like this deal at all but all these guys do is just complain complain complain ... 
  i 'll never understand where does such hatred towards gay people coming from . 
  i mean religion could make you disprove of lgbt community but there must be something personal that makes you drive to a lgbt festival just to crash it . 
  that 's because russian trolls adore putin and repeat everything he says like it 's the word of god while good luck finding any turk that remotely likes turkish goverment on reddit . 
  we keep bringing the pkk terror up because we lost our loved ones to them while european liberals that are too lazy to sit and read about the group congratulate them for simply fighting isis while literally every single faction even other islamist are doing the same . 
   it 's funny how people were raging and blaming pkk for every thing the last few days . 
  last two attacks was from pkk and newroz rallies are banned in istanbul . 
  pkk was the prime suspect i did n't join the `` who did it this time '' game yesterday but if anybody were to ask my opinion i would have said pkk as well . 
   nationalist turks with a clear anti-pkk agenda will claim every attack on pkk . 
  wtf is anti-pkk agenda ? 
  if you blame every attack on pkk % 80 of the time you would be right . 
  it 's not like there are 100 suspects there are 2 right now pkk and isis ...  it has been so far that the pro-kurdish hdp was accused by nationalist turks to bomb themselves in order to get votes . 
  only by crazy conspiracy theorist akptards . 
  did you really see anybody on reddit claiming such ridiculousness ? 
  i only saw stuff like this on facebook ...  the sad thing is , pkk hasnt operated in western turkey for a while now . 
  the ankara bombings was done by tak , a group that splintered of pkk because pkk avoids western turkey . 
  tak is pkk if you know anyhing about pkk you would know that tak being splinter group is an impossible scenario . 
  this has been explained [ over ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/4a8zj4/breaking_explosion_in_ankara_k%c4%b1z%c4%b1lay_casualties/d0zalkn?context=3 ) and [ over again ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/4as2cl/pkk_claims_the_ankara_bombing/d13m018?context=3 ) . 
  this is no diffrent then how some people claim pyd ( ypg ) has zero affiliation with pkk . 
   everything is done in order to demonize pkk into a powerful , almighty monster that eats turks on a daily basis . 
  do we need to demonize pkk now ? 
  one quick look on wikipedia is enough to declare them inhuman . 
  these people come this country for fun and left their safety on our hands yet we ca n't even grant them that . 
  well i 'll be damned . 
  never expected akp to actually fire her . 
  i guess since the relations with israel is normalized they had to ... 
  this literally happened in europe ... turkey has a part that 's in europe you know ? 
  i watched the video ca n't see any evidence of massacres ... 
  heavy clashes happened in those regions of course the homes would be a mess . 
  akp government are massive pricks but they vowed to rebuild all the damaged and destroyed houses so we 'll see what 'll they do once the cleaning operations are over . 
  i do n't know what to say or who do blame anymore i just want these attacks to stop ... 12 of the wounded are apparently tourists . 
  how sick and twisted you need to be to attack tourists that are just there to have fun ? 
  europe has lots of illegal migrants from all around the world but you guys are stuck with them because their home countries does n't accept them back and eu is too lazy to deal one by one with all those countries so you 're passing the burden to us with this deal . 
  you 'll send them to us and will take legit syrian refugees instead which will be safely deported back to syria when the war ends . 
  davutoglu you piece of shit . 
  i ca n't believe this deal seriously got accepted by both sides . 
   so , is it safe to assume that now he 's just going full on dictator mode ? 
  no because he does n't have enough power to be a dictator yet . 
  he 'll go full dictator if he manages to change the constitution . 
  right now he relays on his party to get things he want done ...  any party other than his is going to be labeled a terrorist group ? 
  i highly doubt that he can label any other party except hdp terrorist and tbh hdp fucked up big time if you ask me . 
  i used to support them pre-elections but when they entered the parliament they just went full retard ... 
  if only he was as enthusiastic as he 's now to end terrorism like few years ago none of this bullshit would be needed but nope he was too busy ignoring and protecting pkk for the kurdish votes and how convenient now you also have an excuse to undermine democracy , freedom and the rule of law . 
  recep tayip erdogan you 're a piece of shit ... 
  yeah cresent and star is the symbol of turkic people it 's associated with islam only in western countries because of the last [ ottoman caliphate 's flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/flag_of_the_ottoman_caliphate_%281844%e2%80%931923%29.svg/800px-flag_of_the_ottoman_caliphate_%281844%e2%80%931923%29.svg.png ) . 
  you wo n't see crescents inside of mosques like crosses in churches . 
  islam does n't really have a symbol except the [ calligraphy writing of allah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allah ) . 
   but crescent moon seems to be only on muslim countries only the muslim countries that were part of ottoman empire use it . 
  i 'm sure there are non-muslim nations that use it as well . 
   because we want a stable democratic turkey if that were true europe and us would n't have supported erdogan for the last 10 years . 
  all the major news sites and newspapers were praising him despite he being rotten since 2003 . 
  no shit ... 
  i find it hilarious that some people are freaking out like turkey is about to join eu . 
   we take them seriously , we lose first . 
  they take us seriously , they lose first . 
  the game is all about who wins first . 
  this is n't a piss contest mate ... 
  how can we demand people to recognize those atrocities while we deny the armenian genocide ? 
  we first need to be stop being so fucking sensitive hypocrites . 
  there is a reason why all those atrocities are ignored by the rest of the world because nobody takes our historians and historical documents seriously when we keep denying key historical facts ... 
  i 'll never understand how an event that happened fucking 100 years ago still have relevance today . 
  accept , deny , condemn who cares ? 
  history is filled with atrocities ... 
  i ca n't believe we 're still clinging to this ridiclous policy . 
  if eu does n't want the deal they can just leave the table . 
  these blackmail accusations wo n't lead to turkey accepting your unfair deal even what erdogan wants in exchange is not enough considering what eu wants us to do . 
  i 'm somewhat glad that europe is n't accepting this deal . 
  it 'll fuck us over erdogan is clearly just mad ... 
  nice source you got there pal . 
  turkey having hand in illegal oil trade was kinda believable this is on the other hand is just ridiclous ... edit : holy shit this source is hilarious i 'm dying from laughter . 
  i bet the author of this article is r/worldnews regular ... http://www.veteranstoday.com/2016/02/13/breaking-saudi-arabia-moves-planes-to-turkey-joint-attack-on-russian-syrian-and-kurdish-forces-begins/, 
  that 's no problem because they 're not returning turkey to stay they 'll just use turkey as a transit but this time for going back to their homes or as you said for the german embassy . 
  if refugees or immigrants return turkey by their own volition we ca n't stop them but greece ca n't put them to boats and send them back to turkey . 
  good luck with that . 
   there is a bilateral agreement ... since 2001 or so . 
  source ? 
  nope your eu is trying to make us do right now though ... 
   greece should have put illegal immigrants into prison/camps until they decide to return to turkey voluntarily . 
  does n't mean a thing if turkey does n't accept them back . 
  there is a reason why eu-turkey is trying to have an agreement which is a wild goose chase if you ask me . 
  europe 's best bet is dealing directly with the countries that the immigrants come from . 
  someone send this guy to american prison please ... 
   it also legitimizes this shitty government . 
  it 's already a legit government . 
  whether if we like it or not we ca n't deny an elected government . 
  ofc it is ... 
  in the and you 're forcefully relocating people .
