  you are not even aware that this has been going on more than 40 years and only very few incidents happened . 
  for example the most famous one happened in 1996 when two cocky pilots crashed on eachother . 
   when you run out of f-16 \u00b4 s you better hope the americans will sell you more planes , because turkey does not have the capability or technological know how to create aircraft . 
  i think you are the most ignorant swede i have ever encountered in my life . 
  turkey has been creating aircrafts since 1936 ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_aerospace_industries, 
   back to bed please , i come from a country that frequently gets infringed on by russia . 
  they dont even come close to turkish numbers . 
  no shit russia infringes on all their neighbors . 
  try adding the numbers up if you know how to count . 
  there is a fucking reason why baltic countries ask for more nato presence . 
  russia annexed a nation in 21 . century and invading another one yet you compare it with non-malicious airspace violations between turkey and greece that has been going on for years without any big incident ? 
  and russia is not the only contender here check the island dispute with china and japan . 
  this level of ignorance is unreal ... 
  i do n't know where the fuck you 're getting your information but i suggest you to evaluate your sources . 
   you obviously are pro-turkey , but let the developed people have an adult factual conversation rather than interjecting with propaganda . 
  bye adult developed people do n't act like you mate . 
  if you gon na resort to name callings and petty insults i suggest you to not bother . 
  it just lowers my exceptions of you . 
  i did n't write one pro-turkey statement in my responses to you . 
  we did n't even reach to subjective part of the stuff you 're literally denying the basic facts ... all i want is you to get informed nothing more or less . 
   but you refuse that turkey invaded the greek island of cyprus ? 
  wow nice insult to cypriots there . 
  they totally have no self determination in your opinion huh ? 
  cyprus is an independent country . 
  greece tried to annex it by a coup and turkey intervened . 
  calling cyprus greek or turkish is an huge insult to inhabitants cypus is cyprus not greek island nor turkish . 
   and continues to try to gain power on the island ? 
  huh ? 
  since the invasion not one move to grab more land or power happened on the island . 
  turkey is supportive of the cyprus getting reunited and the negations are made by cypriots not by turkey nor greece . 
  seriously this is why i said you were ignorant . 
  you barely know anything about the situation yet you still talk ...  no other country infringes upon other nations sea and airspace more than turkey . 
  i know very well that russia does it too , but not even close to the number of turkish aggressions . 
  are you serious ? 
  sigh ... 
   and everybody trusts the us government to not abuse the death penalty to silence its political opponents . 
  hahahahah good joke i can totally trust trump and clinton with death penalty also i thought this was about `` liberal western values '' not about trust . 
  we invaded greece ? 
   worlds worst offender of air and sea borders . 
  lol in your world russia , china and north korea does n't exists i guess . 
   you almost started a full scale war with russia . 
  it 's always sad to see a western who lives in coutry with a free media deciding to stay ignorant . 
  war with russia was never close if you read more than sensationalized titles you would know that . 
  i do not think erdogan will or can bring back death penalty . 
  he 's not prepared for the shitstorm it will cause . 
  his retarded actions against russia was temporary and all are fixed now but bringing back execution will be permanent . 
  he can not deal with permanently fucking up all the established relations with europe . 
  depends on russia . 
  if russia is okay with buddying up with turkey no otherwise yes . 
  nato has nothing to do with liberal western values also you ca n't kick out the second largest army in the nato without finding an replacement first . 
  also usa has death penalty ... 
  it 's not . 
  the crazy wahabbists only think music is haram . 
  there is a story of ottoman sultan forcing the arrested wahabbi leader to listen to music for entire day after his arrest . 
  eh you 're exaggerating . 
  there is nothing terrifying about ezan . 
  it 's just irritating at most . 
  i 'll not leave until the last second . 
  half of the country still hates erdogan and the opposition parties are still alive . 
  to be perfectly honest in this last 14 years of erdogan 's rule nothing he did personally affected or caused hindrance to my personal life ... yet ... 
  sure but it still continues ... 
  if you come to turkey you would think a new sultan crowned or something . 
  lol try japan . 
  well i 'm kinda too lazy to learn dutch ... my first preferences would be an english speaking countries and considering majority of turks in netherlands voted for erdogan no thank you i wan na be far far away from them . 
  a real president would have explained his people why executing them is wrong . 
  because it would bring more clicks . 
   you `` almost entered vienna twice '' ? 
  you mean the two zerg rush all-or-nothing attacks on a far weaker enemy that ended in massive disasters that put ottoman empire on anglo-french life support for the rest of its history you truly have very little information about ottoman history . 
  the second vienna siege was barely repulsed by the last minute arrival of polish army and they were able to arrive because the crimean army refused the sultan 's order and did not engage to polish army . 
  also you just contradicted your `` the ottomans never got close to the holy roman empire thanks to the romanians . '', 
  statement funny you do n't even realize that . 
   to be able to mount those failed attacks , hundreds of thousands of ottoman soldiers became fertilizer on romanian soil , and them ending like that surely had an effect on the ability of ottomans to wage war in europe . 
  is that what they teach in romanian schools ? 
  lmao never expected it to be worse than ours ... romania or wallachia at that time absolutely had no part in ottoman 's failed conquests in central europe all you did was constantly hindering the garrison troops with some very impressive guerrilla attacks but when the main army arrived your dracula ran like a chicken then we put his brother in place , his head was put on a pike in front of the toplap\u0131 palace afterwards when he tried to retake his lands . 
  man the independent is truly a tabloid now . 
  % 90 of the article is about the syrian media 's claim of coup being a false flag yet look at the fucking title . 
  also the french minister 's comment ca n't be more vague . 
  i want off from 2016 's wild ride . 
  i ca n't be more disappointed form my countermen . 
  today i watched one of the erdogan 's speeches and the crowd was screaming `` we want death penalty for traitors '' . 
  this is truly sickening ... 
  if erdogan brings back death penalty i 'll lose my hope completely and might actually start planing to immigrate . 
  i bet if erdogan brings back death penalty he would n't execute fucking apo ... 
  it was insane really . 
  for the entire night mosques were blasting off calling people outside like they 're calling for jihad or something hell they continued throughout the day as well . 
  also is n't calling for prayers already banned in europe ? 
  you 're posting old articles that are exaggerating stuff he only started taxing alcohol more which is kinda weird since money earned from alcohol is haram money for islamists but i guess he does n't care and that happened years ago . 
  the article about the education on the other hand is reaching to wrong conclusions nothing about the state education changed what he did is making you able to send your kid to a religious school easier . 
  basically before his education reforms home-schooling was not allowed and if you wanted to send your kid to a religious school ( imam-hatip ) like christian schools in europe you had to wait him or her to finish the 8 year compulsory education now with his 4 +4 +4 system after 4 years you can send you kid to an imam-hatip . 
  and imam hatips are not really crazy islamic schools as i said before they 're like christian schools in europe . 
  girls and boys go in to classes together and all the lessons that are given in normal schools are given there aswell but they also get special quran and arabic lessons most people who graduate from imam-hatip schools do n't choose religious professions any way . 
  one of my friends is an imam hatip graduate because his parents are devout muslims but he himself is a freaking raging alcoholic . 
  nothing about this will change . 
  people have trouble understanding that erdogan is islamist in a turkish sense . 
  he wo n't bring sharia like laws banning booze or revealing clothing . 
  it was n't forced to shut down it was attacked by some ruffians . 
  the police arrested those fuckers and the festival continued . 
  [ me too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx58p-s8kxw ), 
   the ottomans never got close to the holy roman empire thanks to the romanians . 
  yeah that part were we almost entered vienna twice never happened .
