  lol i 'm getting fucked in the metro by ghosts then also it 's holiday now everybody is visiting their relatives . 
  guns and bombs go off at ataturk airport but fuck that this poem is more important !, 
  what ... 
  in every single country minorities vote for leftist parties but this time i 'm not sure . 
  no it is not . 
  ah come on erdogan ... you know way too well that what eu wants is to make stop using those anti-terrorism laws to lock up journalists and whisleblowers for `` terrorist propaganda '' eu does n't try to make you unable to arrest or watch terrorism suspects they want you to stop abusing it and only use it to arrest actual terrorists . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i already recognize the genocide i 'm not slicing anything . 
  i 'm criticizing the decision to criminalize the denial of it however . 
  this is both violation of freedom of speech and will strengthen the denial side . 
   it is a delicate balance that needs to be kept between freedom of speech and hate speech . 
  except this has nothing to do with that because denial of an historical event is not hate speech . 
   hate speech is any speech , gesture or conduct , writing , or display which is forbidden because it incites violence or prejudicial action against or by a protected individual or group , or because it disparages or intimidates a protected individual or group . 
  denial of armenian genocide neither incites violent nor prejudicial action against armenians . 
  it also does n't disparages or intimidates them it 's only offensive at most and you do n't criminalize stuff because it 's offensive . 
  nice argument you got there . 
  if you knew anything about the history of balkans you knew the muslims there did n't go to vacation underground . 
  also you do n't even know that most balkan muslims were not turks but sure whatever keeps the hate flowing am i right but sure none of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) happened . 
  you would fit with our genocide deniers right in . 
  and that proves your claim how exactly ? 
  stop making outrageous false claims if we did n't allow christians to practice their religion you would have an 99 % muslim balkans now . 
  christians practiced their religion freely in ottoman empire however they were taxed more than muslim citizens . 
   `` there was no genocide but they deserved it anyway '' where hell did you heard that ? 
  that 's not even a common denial line please stop spreading misinformation . 
  a common denial line used by pretty much everybody is something like `` there was no genocide it was a deportation '' or `` it was a two sided conflict not genocide '' . 
  i have been discussing the armenian genocide for some time on both internet and irl and i have never seen what you said . 
  i fail to see how denial of a historical event is any close to hate speech genocide or not ... 
   when you have a powerful state sponsored denial efforts penetrating governments and even academia , if you do nothing about it , history will be rewritten . 
  we must really suck at that then in the last 100 years only the countries that recognize increased . 
  please cut the crap there is no logical argument against locking up or fining people for denying an historical event . 
  i know which i also find wrong . 
  there 's nothing more retarded than banning the denial of something . 
  because assyrian genocide is committed by kurdish tribes since there was no order from young turk goverment to touch assyrians they just caught in the middle and if greece tries to pursue a greek genocide it would give us a reason to claim a turkish genocide in balkans . 
  the population exchange stopped all of the killings between greeks and turks so we leave it at that . 
  you can read more in [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) if you 're interested . 
   long story short , the turks invaded anatolia where different people lived for over a millenium and ruled over them for a few centuries . 
  600 years is no few centuries by the way . 
  sad day for free speech in france and i 'm saying this as someone who does n't deny it and before people starts comparing this to nazis and shit . 
  there is a huge different between saying some historical event did n't happen and going around in nazi symbols and saying nazis were right . 
  integration and assimilation are too very different concepts . 
  all minorities in turkey are pretty much integrated but there are some mainly the kurds who 're not assimilated . 
  well we gave women voting rights before many european countries for example . 
  i know it 's not a competition but we used to at the same page with european at progressiveness . 
  nobody was expecting dignity from uefa anyway . 
  thank you so much it might look like an useless gesture to some people but it really makes you feel better especially when most of as are skeptical about how west views us including me . 
  i mean this is not the first terrorist attack we endured and this is the first time we 're getting more than short condolence statements . 
  you 're assuming most of them know a second language . 
  just like in brussels the attack happened before the security check line . 
  a fuck ton of security officers need to watch there constantly hundreds of people wait in queue there . 
  from the security cameras we see one of the brave officers manage to shoot down one of the terrorists before he can blow himself . 
  if there were more guards maybe all of them could have shot down before they would manage to blow themselves . 
  i 'm not expert but i 'm pretty sure security can be tightened a lot more . 
  they are n't which is why whenever they want to kill civilians they say it 's tak who did it and western liberals eat all of it . 
  pkk-tak literally made a statement saying turkey is not safe for tourists anymore and they 'll target tourism industry which they did . 
  nothing is clear yet but there 's no reason to rule out pkk-tak . 
  we 'll probably get a confirmation which sick bastard did this eventually . 
  edit : looks like it 's isis right now . 
  i knew something like this would happen . 
  we learned nothing from brussels bombings . 
  incoming erdogan joke in 3 ... 2 ... 1 oh wait they are already here . 
  i mean you 're right but who would have thought that brits would actually vote leave ? 
  i was expecting an overwhelming remain victory . 
   i still remember how after the shoot down , some erdogan supporters here where saying how it 's good that `` drunk and poor '' russian tourists will stop visiting and how `` rich '' european tourists will just take their place ... and that was actually happening but then terrorism gone of the charts . 
  lots of europeans was showing interest to turkey . 
   and here 's / r/europe cheering on how russian sanctions against turkey will lead to the collapse of russia . 
  / r/europe was n't hating on turkey as much back then ... and they 're . 
  russia is not doing well at all . 
   still sore about ~ ~ constantinople ~ ~ istanbul , eh ? 
  what you said sounds as retarded as this one . 
  i 'm not sore about anything i 'm just giving a short summary since you seem to not know history much . 
  true but it 's kinda different to get fucked over by your own country . 
  does n't matter crusaders massacred the jews of jerusalem as well . 
  wherever they went they pillaged , murdered and burned . 
  [ tell that to jews ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhineland_massacres ) . 
  literally first thing your defensive crusader army did was massacring jews . 
  here 's a tip from an internet stranger . 
  thinking before typing would save you a lot of future embessments . 
  if you knew any history you would n't reference to armenian genocide because of my flair . 
  you would actually try to refute what i said . 
  let 's look at history of crusaders . 
  first literal crusade army the people 's crusade massacred jews in rhineland then the proper crusader army came and they besieged antioch and pillaged the city while massacring the inhabitants . 
  the crusaders was so horrible that even jews joined in with muslims to protect the jerusalem from their tyranny but it was n't enough again the barbaric crusader armies pillaged the holy city of jerusalam and massacred the inhabitants . 
  want me to describe the rest ? 
  all these information comes from your christian western historians . 
  there was nothing holy or defensive about your crusades . 
  it 's good to do a self evaluation time to time ... 
  islam has [ only 5 pillars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_pillars_of_islam ) . 
  only crazy wahhabi and shia muslims accept a sixth pillar . 
  [ shia islam 's sixth pillar is diffrent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sixth_pillar_of_islam ) . 
  aso jihad was originally defensive it basically meant if muslims somewhere were in danger every muslim in the world should band together to protect them . 
  and jihad supposed to be defensive but that 's not the case is it ? 
  crusades were basically crazy fanatic raiding parties . 
  well our elections suck as well but [ voter turnout is always quite high ] ( http://www.idea.int/vt/countryview.cfm?countrycode=tr ) so that 's not really a good argument you should always vote even if it does n't mean anything but we do have compulsory voting . 
  better than endorsing two people you do n't want . 
  what 's wrong with voting independent ? 
  unless they re do the referendum they have to leave but it 'll definitely take more than 2 years . 
  great idea now we can finally shut up this `` turkey wants to join eu by doing this bla bla '' crowd . 
  just give us a partnership and lets end this charade . 
  the foreign visitors incresed every year to this date . 
  16.5 percent drop is a massive massive drop .
