  eu should just make a deal with countries that the immigrants come from and send them back to their home . 
  it 's the most moral way to solve europe 's problem but you 'll need keep the legit refugees though ... 
  there is no other source though ... 
  unless some group claims the attack what the investigators found out is all we got . 
  isis always claims their attacks that 's how they operate and incite terror if they do n't the only other suspect is pkk-tak . 
  anyway it 's best to wait a few more days before reaching a conclusion but everything points out to pkk-tak right now . 
  damn and here i thought it was bad in istanbul because i could n't keep my umbrella open . 
  it eventually broke . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you but you pretty much said a lot similar things in the past so you really do n't have much credibility here ... 
  here 's an one example :  the pkk has failed to react with devastating blows to the turkish economy . 
  hopefully the tak will target turkish tourist cities so that turks will finally realize that they can not go unharmed . 
  this is getting ridiclous . 
  lol why would anyone use facebook messenger ? 
  too much everybody i know uses whatsapp . 
  no turkey will never invade syria when russia is there . 
  seriously we 're alive by chance in this country thanks to akp government . 
  if suddenly i stop posting on reddit do n't be surprised ... new turkey is great indeed erdogan keep locking journalists they 're a bigger threat to turkey than terrorists amiright ? 
  let 's not ignore that the one before that was isis so it could be both ... 
  let 's not act like pkk ( or tak ) are not valid suspects the previous one was by them . 
  this is the third attack in the same fucking city . 
  what is mit doing ? 
  what is government doing ? 
  they said they were going to end the terrorism in turkey but the most gruesome terrorist attacks happen under their rule . 
  is n't it kinda late for an article like this ? 
  even the pics from 2015 ... would have been better if it was written in 100th anniversary of the event . 
  regardless it 's remarkably well written . 
   how about what human rights groups say or the un , concerning cizre and other places of massacre in turkey ? 
  there is plenty of proof there , for everybody who wants to see it . 
  umm ... 
  they asked for proof yet i do n't see anything human rights groups are mostly concerned about the very long curfew hours . 
  just check amnesty international for example . 
  i never seen a masscre claim form a legit human rights group or un you just made that up . 
   and concerning the soft-spot of the erdogan regime for isis - you can look up the turkish governments stance on isis held territory west of the eurphrates yourself , threatening to bomb the kurds/sdf if they advance there . 
  i do n't claim to support erdogan 's syria policy but that 's a very reasonable stance to take . 
  if sdf takes those regions turkey will be completely cut out of syria and erdogan 's safe zone plan wo n't be possible anymore . 
  no matter how you look at it sdf is a bigger threat to turkey they even claim turkish land on their flag . 
  isis will be gone eventually in fact they 'll destroy themselves , i would say al-nusra is bigger threat then them . 
   `` we like isis more than the ypg and we are ready for that to be the airforce of isis '' . 
  that 's the most retarded conclusion you can reach ... turkey is fighting isis in iraq our bases are under attack , even or borderguards is n't safe from attacks and just because turkey thinks sdf is bigger threat than isis we 're suddenly their airforce ? 
  it must be nice sitting at europe away from % 99 of the threat . 
  do you even aware how much of a fucked up situation turkey is in ? 
   and this means that turkey becomes responsible ( also legally in case this ever goes in front of the icc ) for all the atrocities of isis , perpetrated there firstly there are no yezidis in that area secondly are you purposefully ignoring the amount of refugees in turkey ? 
  in the towns that turkey allegedly protecting only isis and isis sympathizers left . 
  manbij , jarabulus etc are all fucking empty . 
  i really ca n't believe you guys you also said this in this thread :  he will do neither and the immediate future of turkey is islamic authoritarianism . 
  deal with it . 
  so i should n't have high expectations of you ... 
  that 's the point he 's on power because people like him if people suddenly change and stop liking him he has to reform to keep his power . 
  why do you think he 's going after pkk now ? 
  the religious conservative votes is not enough for him to change the constitution even he might somehow manage to push it to referendum people will shoot it down very quickly so he 's trying to please the nationalist folk . 
  he sat around and let pkk run around for more than 10 years and suddenly when he start losing support he goes after them . 
  lol yeah sure he 'll resign . 
  dude says he does n't respect the constitutional court in front of everybody and the article talks about resigning . 
  erdogan is a corrupt populist only way he 'll reform is if the population suddenly turns extremely liberal and secular . 
  that also does n't make much sense have you ever heard of boarding school ? 
  are you implying kids in those schools are slaves because they are n't allowed to leave until they finish their education or at least a semester ? 
  you 're also ignoring how the life was in middle-ages most kids did n't have much career choice other than what their family always did or for example the blacksmith 's kid is a slave because he 's forced to inherit his father 's workplace hence he has to spend his entire childhood as a apprentice even if he does n't want to ? 
  a kid not having self-agency does not mean they 're a slave or a noble kid that 's heir to the land his family rules would be slave as well this applies to today 's world as well there are lots of families that put their children to a career path that the child does n't want to are they slaves as well ? 
  look i 'm giving the simple definition of slave if a person does not fit the definition they 're not slave it 's that simple . 
   someone who is legally owned by another person and is forced to work for that person without pay, 
  that 's not what i said though ... 
  i just pointed out that janissaries themselves are not slaves . 
  you 're absolutely right about this practice 's effect on some families but calling them slaves is just ridiclous . 
  if people gon na criticize devsirme system and janissaries they should at least know what it is . 
  learn what slavery is first it 's you who has been subjugated to propaganda if you seriously claiming what you said . 
  calling janisseries slaves is just an insult to actual slaves . 
  only someone who has no idea what janisseries are would claim they 're even remotly slaves . 
  think about this for a second you 're calling the ruling body that determined the next padishah slaves . 
  lol erdogan would jizz if he saw that . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  here 's the defination of slave :  someone who is legally owned by another person and is forced to work for that person without pay . 
  janissaries were not owned by anybody and they got paid . 
  please go read a book or something about janissaries it 's literally insult to actual slaves to call them slaves . 
  by your logic even women who ran way from their family to be with their loved are slaves or anybody who was n't the monarch at that time is a slave . 
  in fact your logic is so absurd that children who are forced to work to death by their families are n't slaves according to you since they have the consent of their family no ? 
  nope . 
  my child will get the best education the ottoman empire has to offer and will live his entire life in luxury that i 'll never achieve and might even put his name in to history or even rise high as the grand vizeir ? 
  i would seek out the recuiters and give my son myself instead of hoping them to choose my son . 
  also your example does n't make much sense since not all kids that 's taken for devsirme became soldiers and janissaries were probably the least religious ruling body in the ottoman empire . 
  you guys should really read a bit more about janiserries at on 17th century they got so powerful that they were the ones who were choosing next monarch and basically ruling the ottoman empire . 
  and what 's so unatural about that ? 
  type any nation you want to the search bar and randomly choose a post . 
  the top commentators will always be the people from that country . 
  because they lived a better quality life than % 90 of the entire ottoman empire ? 
  calling them slaves is just comical ... 
  that 's another taken out of context quote by erdogan . 
  read the entire artcle he 's talking about how it 's wrong to make women do manual labor and why women an men are n't exactly the same because women have their `` motherhood '' . 
  i do n't agree with anything he said but what he 's saying is n't men are above women and they should have more rights bla bla bla ... 
  if he 's threatening that means he 's unable to do anything about it . 
  i 'm guessing it 's just a gang that prey on people who 're doing unislamic stuff at night . 
  suadi arabia is bordering iraq i do n't see them taking any refugees . 
  nobody is pressuring them to take some as well also turkey only agreed to take refugees from europe so no turkey is n't obligated to take any syrian refugees . 
   the 1967 protocol removed both the temporal and geographic restrictions . 
  however , the protocol gave those states which had previously ratified the 1951 convention and chosen to use the geographically restricted definition the option to retain that restriction . 
  true we 're hosting more than 3 million . 
  why news sites trying to put turkey in a bad light instead of writing about why turkey-eu deal wo n't work or it 's a bad idea ? 
  because these articles is just getting ridiclous with each day ... 
   that 's true but it 's not like they had much of a choice . 
  why ? 
  turkey is only obligated to take refugees from europe we could have closed all borders the moment the syrian civil war has started .
