   i hate that we have a considerable amount of people living in and from this country but feeling no loyalty whatsoever for it , rather on the contrary ; i want them either assimilated or gone what makes them disloyal ? 
  that they joined an pro-erdogan rally ? 
  really that 's it ? 
  these people are dual citizens germany accepts dual citizenship it 's absolutely retarded to expect dual citizens to assimilate . 
  next time try voting for a party that want to abolish dual citizenship in harder to get visa in germany like japan . 
   `` crime against humanity '' in another one of his `` shows '' here , so there is that . 
  one of the few sentences that clown erdogan said that i agree with . 
  the concept of assimilation is retarded . 
  integrating in to society you live is enough . 
  it 's retarded to claim being german when in fact you 're not you 're just a turk living in germany . 
   oh please , just read around a bit in the internet and see what the world has to say about your country with it 's rumpelstiltskin of a president before racking your brain about what the world might think about other countries . 
   so you have no answer and you resort to whataboutism ? 
  i guess i expected more from you my mistake ...  you know very well that it is turkey that does not fulfill it 's part fully in this contract . 
  ( you want turkey known as a liar ?! ), 
  you see any refugees coming from aegean sea since the deal ? 
  why do you think suddenly media stopped about xxx number people died trying to pass to greece or xxx people arrived on greece news ? 
  we did our end of the bargain but we neither got all the money were promised nor we got the free visa travel . 
   fair enough . 
  and the kurds want their independence , why not support them ? 
  or we could free northern cyprus from it 's occupants and use it instead as a refugee center . 
  because they do n't there are 20 million kurds in turkey . 
  now imagine 20 million wanting independence . 
  the streets would be filled with protests like it would be a fucking civil war but that 's not the case only a small minority wants independence . 
   because their behaviour is subversive . 
  beware that we deal with subversive elements here like you do in turkey , as you currently demonstrate with your `` cleansings '' . 
  what 's subversive about one time rally that 's fully legal under german law and approved by cologne authorities ? 
   i do n't give a shit about them apart from that they proved to be more reliable allies against islamism than turkey . 
  and why would they come here if they had their own glorious , souvereign state ? 
  just another reason for their independence . 
  then why are you doing % 90 of fight against jihadists in syria from turkey ? 
  why do you not trust pyd-pkk enough to use air bases they possess ? 
  [ well there is a one german flag ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/vobm4_aheseqq4k-qlpevu7ribrzq3cema6usptr0i0.jpg?w=1024&amp;s=bf9ef0a408ad165815257bd01cf163c2 ) in the rally is that enough ? 
  i 'm not the owner of the photo btw ... 
  and most muslims does not consider isis to be real muslims but that does n't stop most people on reddit using them as a face of real muslims . 
  also ahmadi beliefs are 90 % same with sunni islam . 
  they both follow sunnah and believe in hadiths which is where all the crazy shit in islam come from . 
  not in the quran but in the hadith mostly . 
  anyway this actually does not matter because muslims do not read the quran they generally ask to imams about stuff . 
  it 's all about radical imams ... 
  that 's average wage not minimum wage . 
  we 're talking about people who 're poorly educated with no degrees that can only work in the most basic jobs there is . 
   well , at least pkk does not threaten us , why would we give a shit ? 
  because they smuggle and sell drugs in your country and i 'm talking about hard drugs here . 
  they do demonstrations like this and attack your police a lot frequent that turks do if you hate these 30k people doing an pro-erdogan rally why do you tolerate they doing the same thing ? 
  hypocritical much ? 
   your foreign minister just threatened to send refugees if we do n't give him what he wants . 
  he demands that turkish people can freely travel here so you want germany to be known as a liar to the entire world ? 
  your eu made a deal with turkey and both parties signed it which also included free visa travel . 
  if you refuse the grant something you promised why shall we keep being your border guard ? 
  refugees want to go germany we 're the ones keeping them here . 
  we 're not your guard dog kid ...  probably so that even more of them can endanger our inner peace like the 30,000 in cologne today . 
  i am so sick of it !, 
  why ? 
  you 'll [ get your beloved kurds right at home . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/president-erdogan-knows-that-visa-free-travel-for-turkey-could-solve-his-kurdish-problem-a7055131.html ) do n't you love them ? 
  you should let an family live in your house do n't worry a kurdish family generally has around 4-5 kids no biggie . 
   you know what ? 
  in return we should support an independent kurdistan and arm up the pkk , let 's see how he likes that ... you want your country to support terrorists ? 
  you want to known to the world as an terrorist supporter ? 
  why do you hate your country that much ? 
  i meant the dual citizens . 
  most are not dual citizens . 
  the ones who joining in to this rally probably are but the rest is n't . 
  that 's a broad generalization . 
  cologne alone has 100k turks living in it . 
  30k is n't even half of it . 
  no it 's because euro is a very valuable currency otherwise our minumum wage is 1300 try which is enough for an one person to live a decent life . 
  japan is not a poor country but if you got paid with euro you 'll be rich in japan as well . 
  wow nice facism you got there . 
  erdogan would be proud of you . 
  banning rallies he dislikes is his favorite thing . 
  worry about your own country first bro . 
  they do n't because they earn shit load of cash in germany . 
  1 euro is more than 3 try even with the shitiest job they can get in germany they 'll be rich in turkey . 
  minimum wage in turkey is 424 euro while in germany it is 1.473,00 euro . 
  then `` mr. turkey expert '' pray tell what kind of evil deeds does erdogan is doing ? 
  it is still not okay . 
  idc about erdogan pkk is recognized as a terrorist organization in germany yet this is allowed to happen . 
  you ca n't even bring ypg argument in this because there are direct pkk flags there ... 
  i just hope this ends without an incident . 
  i heard pro nrw is planing to do a counter demonstration . 
  it could really end horribly ... 
  i mean erdogan literally called ataturk a drunk fool on his speeches so it 's kinda big thing but the main big thing is he 's letting the generals he and gulen removed together with fake evidence back to their positions so it does n't make much sense to reinstate secular officers only to purge them later . 
  why would they integrate ? 
  they 're dual citizens not just german citizens . 
  most of them plan to move back to turkey when they get retired . 
   confirmed by fucking who ? 
  that 's been erdogan 's narrative from the moment the coup took place ofc it was . 
  it seems like you do n't even know that gulen and erdogan used to be buddies . 
  when the coup was thwarted it 's easy to know it 's gulen when the freaking generals those fuckheads put together are the masterminds . 
  also it is confirmed by confessions by the known allegiances of the generals who 're behind the coup back in the day there was no reason to hide being a gulenist hence we know who 's gulenist and who 's not . 
   and i do n't believe a word that comes out of that man 's mouth . 
  neither do i which is why i thought it was a secularist coup at the coup night and the first few days you can go to 15-16 of this month in my profile to check . 
   he wanted a scapegoat to justify his purges and the gulenists were an easy target due to the fact that there was already bad blood between them and erdogan . 
  erdogan has been purging gulenists since they split for a few years now . 
  he fucking took over zaman . 
  the main gulenist mouthpiece and the biggest media in turkey . 
  erdogan do not need to scapegoat him to justify purges . 
  he would have needed a reason if he wanted to purge secularists however but guess what he 's not purging them at all . 
   post-coup , i would n't be surprised considering the exacerbation of erdogan 's crackdown on the free press .
