  gulf states are doing it we could have done the same ... also we did n't have to spend 20 billion on refugees as well but we did i 'm not saying we 're great humanitarians but saying that we 're taking refugees because we have to is just plain out false but ofc erdogan probably have an agenda for being this generous on the refugees since recent polls show that most turks do n't want refugees . 
   shuttle the syrians to european borders that was said because [ eu was mocking turkey for closing their border ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/06/eu-urges-turkey-to-open-its-borders-to-syrians-fleeing-war-torn-aleppo ) to new aleppo refugees . 
  it was not meant to be a threat otherwise pretty much every balkan nation said the same thing as well . 
   europe is taking in the most refugees globally got statics to back that claim ? 
  entire europe has around 1.5 million refugees that 's even less than the refugee amount in turkey alone and there is more than 50 million refugees across the globe . 
  i 'm guessing you 're smart enough to understand what that means . 
   for probably decades , followed by no one . 
  turkey has been open to refugees [ since to ottoman times ] ( http://www.dailysabah.com/feature/2015/05/16/the-ottoman-empire-a-shelter-for-all-kinds-of-refugees ) and there are plenty of non-european countries that same can be said get of your high horse . 
   meanwhile we 're being blackmailed google what blackmailing is and you might learn something . 
  let me give you a tip it 's europe that came to turkey to strike a deal with erdogan not the reverse now please explain in what kind of blackmail that the `` victim '' starts the negotiation ? 
   profiting on the back of refugees are you guys high writing these comments ? 
  turkey spent more than 10 billion on refugees please tell how the fuck we could profit from refugees ? 
  if turkey were profiting from refugees believe me there would n't be any deal with europe . 
   killing kurdish civilians en masse if you 're so concerned why not take those poor kurds in to europe ? 
   is supporting neighbours because our ` leaders ' do n't have any balls . 
  beating of the dead horse continues i see ...  it 's time to threaten tourism to turkey . 
  yeah turkey is blackmailing europe let 's blackmail them ourselves because we have the moral high ground amiright ? 
   it 's time to end dual nationality for european turks . 
  it 's to only language ever more fascist becoming erdogan understands . 
  because taking people 's citizenship away is n't facist at all ... nope not even little tiny bit ... 
  could someone explain what 's so flawed about multiculturalism ? 
  why ? 
  i really do n't understand why people think that visa exemption will lead to thousands of turks , kurds storming to europe refugee style . 
  the type of people you do n't want do n't have the enough money for a trip to europe in the first place ... 
  the op posted that one too . 
  no numbers ? 
  i had the impression of turks in isis was around 1000-2000 people ... 
   at the end of the day turkey can just walk away from the table . 
  true my opinions does not reflect the opinion of our government unfortunately . 
  erdogan is literally creating voters for him i bet he would give citizenship to these guys in coming years . 
  if this goes on we 'll have a permanant new immigrant minority from undeveloped countries and the worst part they 'll be here unwillingly . 
  because i 'm mad the deal is horrible no matter how you look at this we 're the ones who 're getting the pointy end of the stick yet these guys acting like the deal is worse for them . 
  i do n't get it ... 
   shopping in a turkish bazaar is never wise for the novice . 
  you 're quoting an article that starts like this the whole article is a joke i read but i could n't find anything factual to even criticize . 
  by the way do you even know what this deal is about ? 
  the previous one was about stopping refugees passing to europe this is about what to do with the ones that already in europe . 
  also need i remind you that it 's europe that came to ask more from turkey after the deal ? 
  turkey agreed to stop the refugee influx but now you 're asking us take the 30k something people that stuck in greece back you think we 're retarded enough to not ask more in return when you raise the stakes ? 
   it certainly does n't look nice when turkey just decides to ignore the already negotiated agreement and say when did turkey ignored the agreement exactly ? 
  the money arrived months late and europe had the gal to criticize turkey for not stopping the refugee influx before they even paid for it . 
  also this deal is different than the previous one . 
  the last one was about refugee influx this is about the refugees that actually reached to europe . 
   what : make that double and add something on top of it stop acting like we 're the only raising the stakes what europeans ask us to do is ridiclous the reason why turkey is n't having horrible behaving refugees like europe does is ours are actual refugees from syria and iraq while half of the ones in europe are not and hence they 're economic immigrants . 
  now europe is saying us to take their economic immigrants and give them actual refugees . 
  do you understand how ridiculously one sided this deal is ? 
  this means we 'll stuck with all the people you do n't want and since these people are not from war torn countries we wo n't be able to send them back in any circumstance unless they want to go back themselves we 'll be stuck with a new massive lawless minority . 
  by the way we spent more than 20 billion on refugees any money you give us would be less than what we spent in the first place so stop acting like turkey asking for too much money you economy is light years better than us it wo n't even sting with the amount of money we asked . 
   no , no we do n't . 
  we are the damn superpower you aspire to join . 
  lol without usa you ai n't shit . 
   you will submit to our terms or fuck off . 
  of course we will humour you and pretend we are desperately bargaining with you double lol  but at the end of the day turkey , if we give you the middle finger , you will be the one who is fucked , sitting on the edge of a warzone , with millions of refugees to look after . 
  you need us more than we need you . 
  no we do n't . 
  get back to kindergarten kid the world is too complicated for you . 
   exactly why this shit will never come to anything . 
  turks , you really think you can barter with us like you do in the souqs ? 
  you ca n't even get a deal in souq with the way you 're talking this is getting hilarious . 
   this is the first world . 
  we do things differently around here . 
  no you 're not everybody in europe threatening each-other about closing the border and balkan countries are threatening western europeans by saying they 'll put refugees to buses and drive them to the border you 're the same . 
   lol at you if you seriously think we are actually going to submit to your ridiculous demands . 
  then keep having fun with the refugees . 
  man seeing comments like this always makes me happy becuase it shows us that dumb people are all around across the globe . 
  i hate how sheltered europeans still think this is a blackmail or we 're asking for a ransom . 
  the deal you guys gave was horrible thankfully hungary vetoed . 
  erdogan only cares about votes and the free visa travel is enough to make his party stay at top for years to come but that deal would have fucked us in the long run . 
  no it actually means we 're getting fucked in the ass you 'll cherry pick the good refugees for example there were news of a syrian astronaut being a refugee in turkey you 'll take him and give us some donkey fucker from a remote village . 
  this should make irish or anyone really angry ... 
  please tell me that line is shorter than it looks ... 
   most people believe isis is a tool that turkey is either using , or indirectly controlling to advance their own interests ummm ... you mean like everyone ? 
  why would anybody except syria bomb isis if it does n't help their interests ? 
  everybody meddling in syria because of their own interests nobody is solely there to fight islamic terrorism . 
   whatever they do now is just for pr purposes / damage control this is just retarded do you really think erdogan cares about pr ? 
  have you forgotten the stuff akp did and still doing ? 
  everything is in plain sight they do n't even deny it . 
  i agree fully . 
  which is why i do n't support such laws like this insult is very highly subjective . 
  does n't matter you either have freedom of speech or you do n't . 
  you ca n't say yeah we have freedom of speech in this country but you ca n't say bla bla bla ... just take usa for example deny holocoust , run around in nazi emblems and nothing would happen because those are also part of freedom of speech . 
  lol a french is saying this . 
  i have no respect to people who do n't even know their own country . 
  in france it 's illegal to insult national anthem and the flag . 
  nice freedom of speech you got there and that law implemented in 2003 so you ca n't claim it 's an law that existed for years that is n't in use anymore . 
  plenty of eu nations do n't have freedom of speech as well . 
  critizing the rulling leader is n't illegal in turkey . 
  at turkish penal code article 301 it 's clearly stated that only insults are punishable . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_301_ ( turkish_penal_code ) #text, 
  we never had freedom of speech . 
  it is n't respected here most people believe that some stuff should be illegal to say . 
  even those people dislike erdogan . 
  people seem to forget that erdogan was in bed with pkk few years back nationalists also see him as a traitor . 
  they blame him for pkk getting strong as today ... 
  what ? 
  i know like one person in whole turkish community in reddit that likes erdogan . 
  it 's 85 % upvoted right now which is quite normal for a post like this . 
  i have seen 40 % -50 % for links that praise turkey and none of us claimed those were brigaded . 
  there is no excuse for it anywhere not just europe . 
  well they make great ads for sure .
