  did n't know turkey got so big and strong that we can literally decide what belgium can allow and ca n't . 
   not really . 
  quite easy actually . 
  you have the conservative kurds - and you have the liberal , open-minded , progressive , and jihadi-grinding kurds . 
  which is what i 'm talking about there are kurdish factions with pretty much every viewpoint and all of them has their own private militants that fought eachother at some time . 
  example you got kurdish hezbollah which is islamist kurds , you got pkk/pyd/pjak which are far-left confederalists , you got puk which are socialists and you got kdp which are conservative nationalists . 
   if you left the kurds out of the turkish elections , you 'd probably get 70-75 % of pro-akp ( erdogan ) turks ( actually similar to how turks in the diaspora voted , so a very reliable estimate ) . 
  the other 20-25 % of turks ( leave 5 % for other , non-kurdish minorities ) voting for all the other parties ( and most of those are also conservative or ultra-nationalist ) . 
  i 'm not sure why did you even wrote this . 
  how is this relevant ? 
   the `` true '' percentage of `` secular '' turks ( if we use chp , ataturk 's party , as indicator ) would be around 15 % i guess . 
  what exactly do you mean by `` secular '' and if you gon na base it on chp the percentage you 're looking for is 25 % which is what they got in the last elections . 
  if you mean secular literally like people who prefer a secular rule of law then your estimate is gravely wrong because akp is pro-secular as well and polls show that around 10 % of the population prefer a religious law over a secular one and i bet half of those do n't even know what sharia is like . 
  if you mean kemalist when you say secular then it is 25 % as i said before . 
   turkey is and has always been an islamist country . 
  the '' secular '' era was forced upon with brute force . 
  erdogan 's turkey is the real turkey . 
  that 's just false and literally r/badhistory bait even when ottoman days turkey was less islamist than countries like suadi arabia which is where we base islamism on . 
  ever heard of suadi rebellions in ottoman empire ? 
  ottoman sultan made their leader to listen to music prior to his execution because he believed that music was haram . 
  anyway even before ataturk 's reforms there were already attempts to secularize the empire and bring equality ( tanzimat era ) which was what people wanted so no he did n't force secularism what he forced was laicism and it was not forced with brute force it was forced without democracy . 
  and ? 
  i still do not see your point one bit . 
  how are the residents are involved did they vote for akp so they would cause this culture week to be banned ? 
  you 're not making any sense at all ... also where did gulen come from ? 
  and your proof is ? 
  i can also speculate and say the culture week was banned because authorities thought it will just be a pkk propaganda fest which will disrupt the peace in the city . 
  the site is already biased pro-kurd yet even the article does not mention anything about turkish minority being involved . 
  it 's you who 're getting desperate to pin this on belgian turks . 
  belgium is more pro-kurd that turk they never disallowed something just because it might upset turks . 
  the pkk tents in the middle of brussels is proof of that . 
  the local authorities probably not allowed the culture week because it 's foreign europe is not known to being kind or care about foreign cultures . 
  and ? 
  i said the residents are not involved not akp ... 
  nowhere in the article it 's pointed out that turkish residents had anything to do with it but sure when it comes to turks truth is irrelevant . 
  kurds are more split than balkans . 
  if you trust all of them you are also trusting the kdp which is on the side of erdogan . 
   `` at the same time , this state [ turkey ] is waging a war against kurdish people , committing crimes against humanity , and suppressing human rights activists , journalists , lawyers , politicians and in fact anyone who criticizes the akp [ justice & development party ] government and its president , '' the institute said in a statement . 
  i thought this was about culture ... 
  wow that 's pretty bad ... 
   when asked if they considered the islamic legal and moral code of sharia to be more important than the french republic 's laws , 29 percent of respondents answered `` yes . '', 
  the way the question was asked explains the number ofc for the religious person the law of god is more important than law of men . 
  retarded poll this does not mean 29 percent of french muslims want sharia to become the rule of law . 
  turkey does not have rotating presidency however pretty much every major party have greek assyrian and armenian mps except mhp . 
  it does n't matter how you refer it as such there are two different governments in the island and no side will give up themselves to the other without getting what they want and both sides want a one sided deal . 
  well that 's what greek cyprus pushing them in to if a deal is not made and trnc is not recognized internationally trnc will forever stuck being dependent on turkey and you can basically call it part of turkey with no hope of change . 
  what is your point ? 
  trnc only recognized by turkey ofc they 're fucking dependent they do everything though turkey ... 
  unless the international community recognizes or a deal is made between two sides it ca n't be helped . 
  well support is a strong word but the invasion itself was not illegal the staying of the army after that was which is why that resolution was passed . 
  lol why the hell not europe has nothing to do with the coup . 
  however european media really showed their true colors in this coup attempt . 
  dude did you even read what he said ? 
   it 's the army staying after the fact that 's a problem . 
  how the hell did you miss this part he even typed it bold ... 
  then what 's the point ? 
  recognize trnc and both sides should live happily separate . 
  your concerns is not unreasonable however it is unrealistic to expect that any of those conditions will change in the future maybe except turkish military leaving . 
  tsk staying is kinda silly since the whole excuse for them to be there is prevent the another ethnic violence . 
  well you are not exactly wrong however the situation is diffrent trnc is not joining turkey and they negotiate for themselves . 
  if they ca n't reach to a middle ground i do n't see the problem with 2 state solution . 
  both sides seems to be better of themselves when you consider that fact after 40 years there is barely any progress with unification . 
  i mean what is your solution ? 
  either both sides agree or they do n't . 
  you ca n't force one side to agree an unfair deal it 'll just lead the history repeating itself ... 
  why not ? 
  got any verse in quran saying women ca n't be imams ? 
  no we 're just too fucking lazy it takes 2 seconds to change you just fill some paper and they remove it . 
  the new ids wo n't have religion bar anyway . 
  it is only accurate if you do n't count all those 96 percent who believe there is a god muslim . 
  you can safely assume that half of this country is basically deist and just cultural muslim judging by how empty the mosques are . 
  it writes islam on mine as well never bothered to change it . 
  it 's going to be removed in the new id . 
  this was long time coming also your fears are unfounded there is no way the ethnic conflict will commence again . 
  as long as trnc agrees we should comply . 
  actually some of us have problem with supporting hamas i really wish we did n't . 
  at least hamas ca n't operate in turkey anymore . 
  turks really know absolutely nothing about hamas-israel conflict ... 
   except pkk usually attacked military targets . 
  does n't mean much when you kill 10 civilians to blow up one police car . 
  i do n't understand this target argument ... one look at the victims of kurdish terrorists will make you convince that there is zero attempt to minimize civilian casualties and i 'm not even counting the attacks that are directly targeted on civilians . 
   mlkp and minor more extreme groups are the ones who carried terroristic attacks . 
  your point is ? 
  did u/youthanasian mention pkk anywhere ? 
  to us it does ' t change much . 
  all of them revere the apo the founder of pkk and all those minor extremist groups were trained by pkk and split or still in contact with them . 
  you do n't see people trying to differentiate shit load of jihadist groups . 
   and if you did give kurds a democratic vote to have the autonomy they wanted for such a long time , you would n't be suffering as much . 
  why would we ? 
  turkey is a republic you ca n't just want something and expect it to happen without at least half of the elected mps approving it . 
  kurds have their own party in the parliament and kurdish politicians has been in the parliament for years just not as a party because of stupid high threshold however they were always there . 
  yet not once i heard a convincing argument on why autonomy is needed . 
  it 's always just threats like your example `` you would n't be suffering as much ''  i do n't support pkk and their ways because i 'm a democratic but turkey has just made things worse seeking war rather than peace . 
  ever heard of peace process ? 
  last 10 years we tried to make peace with terrorists and you know what happened ? 
  they used that time to stock up weapons , explosives and recruit and train militants for new insurgency . 
  now tell me who is seeking war ? 
  man germany really loves erdogan . 
  it is like love in first sight ... 
   i also think it 's notable that the attack happened in istanbul .
