  it being nato base does n't change a thing ... usa can still continue their operations anyway this is for security purposes the civilian demonstrators are just idiots do n't even take them seriously . 
  lol says the estonian . 
  yeah sure we 're allied with usa totally because of political correctness . 
  go back to pol kid this stuff is way over your head . 
  no other nato ally leaving or becoming unstable would disrupt usa 's operations as much as turkey . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  we started this discussion by an scenario . 
  i said if they knew they should have told us while you said they should n't have taken sides . 
  feto being close to cia and usa government is a common knowladge . 
  he has schools in more than 100 nations including ex-soviet nations so he let cia to use those as headquarters and they let him play his chess game from pennsylvania . 
  here 's [ bill clinton thaking him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpipol9-eqs ) for example . 
  hillary is also very close to him . 
  edit : [ here 's an great article about him ] ( http://journal-neo.org/2016/07/25/what-is-fethullah-gulen/ ), 
  and ? 
  the fact that there is something going on between turkey and usa makes turkey a relevant country . 
  usa has bases here with freaking nukes in it . 
  usa does all their operations on isis from turkey . 
  turkey right now is more important to usa than any other nato nation . 
  france can leave nato tomorrow like they did in 1966 and it would n't make much difference for usa but if turkey leaves it would be a serious problem hence the stability of turkey is utmost importance to usa . 
  you 're right about few things but you reach to the wrong conclusions because you lack the critical background info . 
  the coup was indeed uncovered before it happened . 
  at the last day the national intelligence organization ( mit ) got wind of unruly activities in the military . 
  lots of generals that were on leave returned for duty at the same day and requested late night duties etc. . . 
  so mit issued an order that no tanks , jets basically military vehicle would leave at night and naturally when they got this order they panicked and did the coup earlier than plan which led to them failing . 
  coup was planned to happen at night around 3-4 am when everybody was sleeping instead it started as early as 10 pm and the civilians got involved which ruined everything for them . 
  now the background information that you 're missing . 
  the gulenists has been getting purged since 2014 . 
  erdogan did n't conjure up a list out of his ass . 
  that list has been keep pilling up for years . 
  gulenists are already declared a terrorist organization in turkey years ago they 're called feto/pdy the coup just allowed him to skip the investigation parts and detain everybody in his list that has been getting bigger everyday . 
  basically what happened in the france after the paris bombings . 
  france had a list of terrorist suspects but after the paris attacks they detained all of them ofc our list is a lot bigger because gulenists had free reign when erdogan and gulen were buddies . 
  this is also the reason why gulen had desperately needed to remove erdogan otherwise his all work would have been for nothing . 
  he spent to much money , time and men to fully infiltrate in to turkey 's bureaucracy and millitary so he was n't willing to give up without a fight . 
  you seem to be a bit ignorant about what 's done in a `` state of emergency '' france also [ suspended european rights convention ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/enlargement/news/turkey-to-temporarily-suspend-european-rights-convention/ ) . 
  it 's a very common practice in a state of emergency ... and you ask for evidence yet you talk about facts without showing me none yourself . 
  i did n't make any definitive statements like you . 
  since gulen is close to usa government and cia they knowing about what he 's up to sounds logical to me but hey as i said maybe they did n't . 
  i just said that if they `` did '' they should have informed us while you said not getting involved was the right choice . 
  lastly i have no idea wtf are you talking about at the end there . 
  i 'm talking about tipping of here not sending military support . 
  if we needed an foreign military force to keep order in this country we might ask to become a part of usa . 
  it 's bad for usa because trump 's domestic policies are ridiclous . 
  it 's bad for europe because trump is isolationist . 
  europe is too used to usa playing the worlds police so for example you might as well start with that united european army . 
  i would have preferred if they did intervene . 
  i mean usa is supposed to be our allies . 
  200 people died and the national assembly is bombed you know . 
  countless of military equipment an vehicle is wasted as well ... we 're not some irrelevant asian country . 
  we are in nato and if usa indeed knew about the coup but did not tip us of it means that they were also okay with coup being successful . 
  well he put it very abruptly basically what he meant was gulenists . 
  erdogan and gulen used to be buddies they put those people in to military together . 
  so he knew who to purge ... usa backing is not confirmed and it 's unlikely but gulen and cia have a healthy relationship so who knows maybe they knew about the coup but kept quite . 
  huh ? 
  they did ? 
  got any link for that ? 
   well , they represent a nation of up to 22 million people ( in turkey alone ) i do n't know where did you read this but that 's completely false . 
  if pkk indeed represented 22 million of turkey we would have got an civil on our hands . 
  also this statement is incredibly offensive to any turkish kurd . 
  nobody would want to be represented by an almost internationally recognized terrorist organization . 
  that 's as bad as recognizing isis as the representative of islam . 
   that has systematically been oppressed , denied civil & cultural rights kurds were indeed opressed in the coup periods of turkish history but those are history now just like the slavery in usa . 
  today turks and kurds have full equal rights . 
  what we debate today is stuff like whether kurdish should be allowed as an education language in state schools or not . 
   and even downright massacred by the turkish republic 's government since the country 's establishment . 
  well obviously i was not alive back in the zilan and dersim rebellion days so i can only give an limited opinion about it however you need to realize that turkey back then newly founded country and being soft on rebellions was not really an option . 
  also those rebellions were religious mind you not secular like today 's pkk . 
  they wanted to form an isis style kurdistan with sharia and everything . 
  in fact they only rebelled because ataturk removed caliphate . 
   i oppose terrorism in all its forms and certainly do n't believe spilling blood is in any way justified , but you have to admit that many of pkk 's worst actions are at least expected as a reaction to turkey 's iron stance against the kurds . 
  no it 's not . 
  it seems like you 're not much informed about this conflict you talk like we 're shooting kurds left and right . 
  if this `` iron stance '' were real how come all kurds are full citizens , there 's an fully kurdish state television and all kurdish cities have both kurdish and turkish road signs ? 
  an iron stance is something like israel 's stance to gaza strip . 
  we do n't have that in turkey . 
  back in coup period when kurdish was literally banned your points might have been correct but today ? 
  not really ... pkk today is nothing but a cartel they kill people just to keep the conflict alive so that they can keep profiting from it . 
  no real independence movement would send kids as young as 12 years old to their deaths . 
  there 's areason why you do n't see 30-40 year old pkk terrorists and kidnapping rates in kurdish regions are are scary high . 
  get ready for another wave of demonstrations by pkk sympathizers in europe because remember any pkk terrorist that dies is magically a civilian . 
  idk about egypt but right now things are calmed down in istanbul and there are police in pretty much every crowded place so security is tight . 
  i mean i pass the most crowded parts of turkey in every day and if i 'm alive nothing would happen to you . 
  but it 's your choice ofc but as you said you can get really cheap deals right now it would get a lot more expensive when tourism starting to rise again . 
  they wo n't be able to work for the goverment anymore . 
  for example teachers wo n't be able to become a teacher in a state school . 
  the ones that who the company they work is closed got ta look for a new job or maybe gulen would offer them a job in another country idk ... 
  because erdogan and gulen used to be buddies so erdogan let gulen to put his men to key positions but now he got ta clean all of it . 
  this is also the reason why in few days around 50k people are purged because he knows which organizations and which people are gulenists frankly everybody knows . 
  it 's no secret which companies are owned by him . 
  personally i do n't know which one betrayed which first but both are the same if you ask me but at least erdogan is elected and he 's not an religious cult leader . 
  i would assume both or the ones in turkey only . 
  nothing . 
  however jews are not big of an minority in turkey to make a difference . 
  how tsundere of him . 
  no if you know the right people you get the job if you do n't then you do n't . 
  you should n't throw those big words around without even knowing wtf is going on in turkey . 
  everybody almost agrees on in turkey that gulen is behind the coup . 
  if journalists and politicians that has been shitting on erdogan for years without fear agree with him for the first time you can bet your ass that it 's true . 
  western media literally failed to understand anything about this coup . 
  i really do n't get it is it that hard to read about gulen and his cemaat ?
