  do you even know how many coups and purges have happened when turkey was still part of the nato ? 
  nato is not a democracy police it is a millitary alliance and turkey has not done anything that goes against the nato treaty . 
  i swear everybody is a journalist these days . 
  what happened to information gathering part before writing articles ? 
  so does hajj in islam . 
  telling people to not celebrate it because of it 's roots is stupid christians celebrate it as birth of jesus now . 
  that was not my point ofc it has pagan roots . 
  hajj in islam also has pagan roots my point was that christians celebrate is as birth of jesus which is all that matters . 
  in turkey some retarded muslims will always try to tell you that christmas has nothing to do with jesus or christianity and it is a pagan holiday that even christians should n't celebrate . 
  pretty stupid . 
  in my high school we did n't celebrate christmas it was just a normal day for us but in middle school we had christmas trees . 
  that sounds like an interesting conspiracy theory . 
  you should join our akp gang . 
  they love crazy conspiracies . 
  soviet union 's tactics in wwii is one example . 
  thousands of conscripts with very light weaponry with no proper tactics and leadership were thrown in to battlefield with no hope of survival . 
  ofc they would . 
  it is not like this is the first time soviet union `` sacrificed '' their own people to achieve their goals . 
  got any proper sources about them ? 
  i googled but found absolutely nothing . 
  the link you posted indeed shows that some anti-semitsm is spread but does that make them a terrorist ? 
  can we get links to these comics glorifying martyrdom ? 
  also you 're still better of with turkish mosques compared to arab ones if this is the worst they did . 
  i am pretty sure these anti-semitst stuff is from back when turkey and israel had a fallout . 
  arab mosques literally encourage lone wolf attacks in the country and praise the suicide bombers . 
  many refugees who went to arab mosques in germany for example preferred turkish ones because arab ones were too radical . 
  either start building your own mosques or be content with ours because all you guys do is complain with no solutions . 
   i suppose you see no problem with it , but we do n't want your goverment to play any role in our society and we 'll fight any attempt to do so . 
  if you did n't want that you would n't allow foreign goverment institutions to built and run mosques in your country and i do n't find any problem with it because this is what we have to resort to when european countries refuse to aid us to catch terrorists despite us alerting europeans governments the moment we catch an isis terrorist going to europe . 
  eh i would n't say europe is our ally . 
  our relationship with europe always been just a necessary mutual cooperation . 
  lol even in r/europe nobody reads articles . 
  they did not spy on the belgium government or on belgians . 
   they were asked to provide detailed information on `` the teaching institutions , ngos , charity organizations , and cultural entities '' linked to the g\u00fclen movement , an organization which bears the name of the preacher exiled in the united states and accused by the turkish government of being behind the failed coup of last july 15th . 
  also these mosques are directly tied to diyanet not belgian goverment . 
  diyanet has every right to be in contact with the mosques they fucking built and pay for . 
  if this displeases belgium i suggest them to build their own mosques . 
  i 'll believe it when i see hundreds of boats filled with refugees heading to europe again . 
  akp is all talk they have zero spine . 
  if you really want to fuck with europe open the fucking floodgates . 
  that is literally the same argument that 's used to deny armenian genocide `` it was n't an genocide just bad management by the goverment '' . 
  funny how all genocide deniers have similar arguments but then again since you ca n't deny the dead bodies only argument is `` it was not intentional '' . 
  wish circassian genocide got some recognition as well but for some reason west does n't care about the crimes of russia only turkey and japan . 
  only difference is poland is in nato and nato needs to do moves like this to show that they will protect their ally . 
  it is because suicide is a grave sin in islam . 
  muslims belive that your body is lent to you by god hence you have to take care of it and only god can take it back so killing yourself essentially counts as murder in islam ... not that someone who 's depressed enough to kill themselves cares about religion but statics show that it helps i guess ... 
  human rights might want to have a word with you . 
  that moment when you have nothing better to do you block the fake negotiations that was not going anywhere for the last 17 years . 
  i though the talks was already stopped . 
  does n't austria have something better to do ? 
  lol how does people like her call themselves journalist with a straight face is beyond me . 
  that was so fucked up . 
  kids were just having a good time :(, 
  basically logic is this pkk does an attack  germany supports pkk  germany is responsible . 
  it is the same slippery slope used to blame turkey for isis . 
  they say main target was police and it was a car bomb . 
  fucking pkk at it again currently news say there is 20 injured majority civilians ... 
  i told this before dozens of times . 
  eu will throw greece under the bus . 
  no eu country wants to face the consequences of forcefully deporting immigrants to war torn or failed states . 
  they are gon na steal our special kebab recipe !, 
   diyarbakir , turkey -- in a region where patriarchy generally is the rule , kurdish society has long stood out as an exception . 
  am i reading this right now ? 
  literally the first sentence of the article is false information go on try being a woman in diyarbakir see if it 's any different than any other middle-eastern city . 
  tribal law is still upheld by majority of kurds . 
  i am from eskisehir and knew a lot of kurdish women who came to study . 
  almost all of their fathers were ready to shoot them if they `` defiled '' themselves and constantly called and visited them to make sure they were just studying and not doing anything dirty . 
   a wife who is beaten by her husband can apply to have his salary diverted to her as part of his punishment . 
  because rest of turkey totally has no domestic violence laws . 
   kurdish towns must , by general agreement , have co-mayors , one man , one woman . 
  all members of parliament have to run on gender-balanced tickets . 
  new hires to municipal and patronage jobs go to women until the work force is half male , half female . 
  because positive discrimination is totally gender equality . 
   in local government , boards and committees have male and female co-executives , with one exception : the women 's affairs department . 
  any decision-making process regarding women can be made only by women . 
  that 's totally not the case in the rest of the country nope not at all . 
   even kurdish guerrilla units are fully integrated by gender : women occupy the same combat roles as men , and when the military goes to war , it sends a woman to command one of its major units . 
  lol is this article for real ? 
  like any sane people give two shits about genders of terrorists . 
  even isis has female suicide bombers . 
  terrorists does n't care about gender or age as long as you willing to die for their cause it is good enough . 
  \u00d6calan was smart he did n't care about stupid traditions and used all the resources to cause as much death and destruction . 
   turkish government 's crackdown after a failed coup attempt last summer . 
  along with arresting kurdish political leaders , the government is taking aim at measures meant to promote gender equality . 
  how is gender equality is even relevant here ? 
  i do not support the arrest of kurdish politicians but wtf how the fuck gender is mixed up in this ? 
  how shitty of a journalist are you that you use gender for your propaganda ? 
   this was the world as envisioned by the banned kurdistan workers ' party , or p.k.k. 
  the p.k.k. 
  may be a terrorist organization in the view of the turkish government , europe and the united states , but it has also long made women 's rights a centerpiece of its political platform . 
  they might be ruthless terrorists but no worries they have women in their ranks that makes everything okay . 
   to many left-leaning women in turkey and the west , the p.k.k. 
  is thus considered a heroic champion of gender equality and one that , unlike other revolutionary groups , has managed to put its principles into practice , not only on the battlefield but also in homes . 
  lmao i 'm done . 
  hdp might have had a positive affect on gender equality in southeast . 
  i am not denying that but saying kurds built a `` haven of gender equality '' is factually wrong . 
  southeast east turkey is one of the most conservative part of this country only cities like konya is worse and i would n't even call the most liberal parts of turkey a haven of gender equality yet this article claims southeast east is ? 
  what year is this ? 
  i remember shit like this happening when i was a kid ... 
  and how are you planning to integrate foreigners then ?
