  maybe you would know if you read the article ? 
  you sound like a pleasant human being . 
  where did he imply they were gon na pray to mary 's statue ? 
  i swear how can you guys talk about stuff you do n't know jack shit with this confidence ? 
  are you joking ? 
  mary has a massive place in islam . 
  she is literally described as the greatest woman ever lived by quran . 
  damn dude greeks would have very shitty reputation if we drew standards based on you . . 
  i doubt i saw a single decent comment in this sub by you . 
  it is normal to not know shit about something but constantly trying to make comments about it while being ignorant is just pathetic . 
   not ditib alone . 
  teachers are brought into position by the turkish consulate . 
  ditib is helping by sending those imams to schools into religious class . 
  and they somehow teach history in religion class and slander europeans and non-muslims ? 
   we still have a religion class in school . 
  for 1-2 hours a week they learn something about their religion . 
  teachers for this class are brought in place by turkey -  indoctrination of children . 
  lmao dude do you honestly remember anything from your religion class ? 
  be honest i sure do n't we had 1-2 hours a week in turkey as well . 
  kids do not give a shit about religion class no matter what 's told in them you are just pushing agenda by denying reality . 
  plus there is a thing called curriculum are you saying your country is so incompetent they are unable to stop teachers telling how bad germans and christians in literal classes ? 
   that may be true . 
  but did i say that ? 
  you literally claimed they indirectly support terrorism when they did more to prevent it in europe than any other organization do i need to say more ? 
   the thing they do is preaching whatever ankara is telling them . 
  oh really and have you even listened to any of them or is that what the stuff you read claims ? 
  i am not muslim anymore but i have been to ditip mosques when i was in germany and all they read is shit about brotherhood and how you should make-up with people you are angry with or how charity is good , being angry is bad bla bla bla ...  they get their complete preaching text send from ankara . 
  which is the whole point . 
  it prevents imams from preaching their own bullshit instead all mosques read the same script and it 's almost always some story of mohammed being charitable and kind and some shit . 
  it keeps imams in check because ditib will know if they said something else other than what it was given to them . 
   pure turkish propaganda basically . 
  yet you do n't have any examples dude i do n't know what shitty news you are reading but i were you i would stop . 
  like what do you think mosques are ? 
  how can you do `` pure turkish propaganda '' while talking about how muhammad gave a coin to some random dude on the street ? 
  to this day only actual propaganda they did was calling people to vote in the referendum and elections and as i said that should have no affect to you guys . 
   no by separation of the turks in germany from the german population by supporting the formation of subcultures . 
  there is nothing wrong with subcultures humans are diverse beings . 
  just by being muslims they are already a part of a subculture ditib only makes them practice this subculture more easily . 
  integration is about mutual acceptance not forcing everyone to be united under one identity and culture . 
   turks learn german like a foreign language and are teached in entirely separated classes . 
  do they speak german as good as the next guy ? 
  yes . 
  then what is the problem here ? 
  there is nothing more normal than wanting your ethnic language to be your first language . 
   most turks in germany are more pro erdogan then turks in turkey . 
  this is the simple reason . 
  not true . 
  most turks in europe do n't even give a fuck about erdogan . 
  i mean come on dude how hard is to check the numbers ? 
  most german turks who vote for the election in turkey vote for erdogan most do n't even vote because they do n't care which is perfectly reasonable . 
  for example in the last referendum % 46.22 of the german turks voted % 63.07 voted yes . 
  so if we use this as reference . 
  % 29 of german turks are pro-erdogan . 
  not so much now huh ? 
   but a the country 's biggest islamic organisation has said it would not take part in the demonstration which it said amounted to an `` assignment of guilt '' which was in danger of splitting german society . 
  seems like a valid reason . 
  do you see americans or europeans doing marches everytime their operations cause a massive civilian casualties in middle-east ? 
  no ... because it has nothing to do with them it is not their fault they should n't feel guilty simply because of who they are . 
  they do not need to go outside and say `` i do not support this '' why should muslims do it ? 
  the march sounds like those `` white guilt '' marches . 
  plus you need to have a serious lack of awareness to call muslims to demonstrate in ramadan . 
  you expect hungry , thirsty people to demonstrate all day ? 
  btw ditib organized the one of the biggest anti-terrorism rallies in germany calling them terrorist supporters for not endorsing this rally is moronic at best . 
   they are indeed . 
  this group is owned by turkey and used to indoctrinate german turks from school on . 
  lmao what ? 
  ditib has schools now ? 
  just get out of here you start spewing bullshit from the second sentence . 
   they tell turkish children in school how bad and wrong we are . 
  also their very special version of history . 
  again where ? 
  are you implying germany is n't a secular country and their education is taken over by religious organizations ? 
  that 's a rather big insult to germany . 
   up , the imams funded by this organization are preaching the same bullshit . 
  they go as far as saying `` vote erdogan '' . 
  ditib 's imams are the main reason why turkish muslims in europe are not radicalized like arabs . 
  why are terrorist attacks by turkish muslims almost nonexistent compared to arabs despite being the biggest muslim community in europe ? 
  it is thanks to the ditib mosques having strong measurements against radicalism . 
  they might be pro-erdogan and call votes to them but that 's our problem not yours criticize facts not make up bullshit . 
  ditib has nothing to do with terrorism in europe . 
  they are operating for years yet have you ever heard of them ever calling for violence ? 
  or was there ever a scandal in one of their mosques being a radicalization center ? 
  no ...  turkey also supports various terror groups . 
  so yes , indirectly they are terrorist supporters . 
  yet you can not name them are you trying to be taken seriously or not ? 
   and a major factor why integration of some turks into german society goes very slow . 
  how ? 
  by building mosques ? 
  only thing slow here is you my friend . 
  i swear i hate erdogan and especially hate european erdogan supporters but this slander is just plain ridiclous . 
  ditib mosques known to be the best and cleanest ones in europe . 
  if you want to be concerned about something be concerned with suadi mosques that literally call for terrorist attacks on plain sight . 
  if chp did n't vote for that there would be no chp right now . 
  you underestimate how much pkk is hated in this country . 
  there is no faster political suicide than looking like you are siding with pkk . 
  hell chp 's short-lived cooperation with hdp already cost them enough harm . 
  even in the worst case scenario we are not completely lost . 
  erdogan is the guy who ties everything together there is no successor who can claim his cult of personality . 
  he 'll die eventually he is not really young and everything he did will be reversed because his supporters will split just like secular folk are . 
  look at the elections prior to 2002 we had a lot more colorful maps back then .
