  even though there are barely any similarities . 
  the massacre of turks in cyprus was going on while we invaded cyprus while your argument makes no sense because armenian genocide is 100 years old the people you want to protect are already dead and neither him nor i am claiming that armenian genocide was okay . 
  it 's sad to see such a massive hypocrisy by westerners like you . 
  what ottoman empire did to armenians were bad but what eoka did to turkish minority was good for some reason ? 
  with what ? 
  lol you 're europe not usa . 
  what do you guy have ? 
  shitty intelligence agencies that ca n't even stop the terrorists they know about ? 
  army that can barely rival an 3 . world country 's ? 
  governments that ca n't even handle 1 million refugees without an help of an outsider ? 
  the only big boy you got was uk and they decided to leave your union . 
  okay which `` unelected '' opposition you 're talking about then ? 
  the gulenists who want an islamic republic ? 
  islamist are also a perfect opposition by that logic why is europe cracking down on islamist mosques ? 
  they did n't had direct relation to the terrorist attacks . 
  they 're literally purged for their ideals and why are you okay with that but not with this ? 
  i 'm not blinded by anything i 'm just giving you the facts . 
  it 's only gulenists that 's getting purged and they are not an acceptable opposition force because their ideals is abolishment of secularism and democracy completely . 
  it was never a realistic proposition . 
  the fact that biggest moves were taken under erdogan 's regime should be the proof of it . 
  not that far fetched actually erdogan used to make sympathetic comments on pkk when he was trying to make peace . 
  the way they put it makes it misleading . 
  he said pkk which he was referring to ypg . 
  from turkish view point what west doing is basically supporting ira to fight isis . 
  well when i say west i meant mostly usa eu did n't do much . 
  when the choice was presented usa choose ypg over turkey and now they 'll most likely choose gulen over turkey . 
  with allies like this you kinda look for a new ones . 
  ypg choice was tolerable but siding with gulen is unacceptable sadly ... cooperation with eu is n't going anyway most will happen is turkey will ditch the eu candidacy and migrant deal . 
  he has to in 2024 according to turkey 's constitution and depending on the situation however it might be early as 2019 at the next presidency elections . 
  oh please stop acting like turkey would have allowed in if it not for erdogan . 
  one look at history of turkey 's candidacy is enough to refute that ridiclous logic . 
  from the day one eu used the candidacy as an carrot on stick and our politicians used it as propaganda for votes no side was serious about it however it was useful for both sides . 
  well it is an very interesting development . 
  i do n't expect something big coming out of it but we 'll see . 
   on top of that , your regime is supporting the uighur separatist movement and even house some of their leaders . 
  that 's the point genius . 
  he 'll stop doing that just as how he did with hamas . 
  your really are dense huh ? 
  he 's making amends which is what i 'm talking about . 
  he 'll try to get closer to sco since we 're already a dialogue partner in fact erdogan said once that they could consider sco over eu . 
  because we know who is gulenist and who is not . 
  if an kemalist gets sacked the anti-goverment media will go apeshit and we 'll know it . 
  media were n't silent on ergenekon , sledgehammer purges and they would n't be right now as well . 
  the worst that happened right now is some military academies were closed before students were able to graduate which is kinda a dick move . 
  well people think erdogan is bad shit crazy neo-ottomanist who would try to go for a new ottoman empire by going after weak middle eastern countries like saddam did to form an new ottoman empire . 
  anyway another option is reforming the [ turkic council ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_council ) to be more nato . 
  and this is what i 'm talking about when i said people do n't understand how international politics work . 
  thanks for demonstration . 
  lol go check comments on r/worldnews to learn how russia would totally invade turkey if west ever lets goes of turkey . 
  it 's not as obvious as you and me think it is . 
  most people do n't get how international politics work . 
  hey its me ur brother, 
  well russia seem to be doing good in syria if you ask me . 
  the amount of good pr they got from it is insane ... 
  and he 's out of his position now made to resign by erdogan ... 
  the physical evidence is not made public to us we ca n't give you anything forensic however 85 boxes of evidence will be sent to usa . 
  anyway there is literally no doubt when people from every political views say it 's gulen . 
  people who would party if erdogan died say it 's gulen ... 
   what about when they stripped a quarter of the parliament of it 's immunity ? 
  with the help of rest of the parties . 
  akp , mhp and majority of chp voted yes to removal of the immunity as well . 
  also erdogan did n't even had the right to vote he had nothing to do with it . 
  actually yeah that 's a good way to put it however the difference is erdogan is elected while gulen tried to take over by force . 
  i told reddit this hundreds of times but people not listen . 
  the moment west distances themselves from turkey erdogan will do a full flip with russia and china . 
  west already went against their values at refugee crises . 
  it is [ tyranny of the majority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority ) . 
  however for the first time we got united for a day against the coup . 
  we 'll be on each other throats in a month once again . 
  supporting does not always mean actively being part of it . 
  usa supported rebels is syria and they 're incompetent as fuck as well . 
  gulenists also not that incompetent in fact if you ask me gulenist are extremely smart they just got unlucky because the coup plot got discovered at the last day someone betrayed to them i guess . 
  still we 'll see whether usa supported the coup or not depending on their response to formal extradition request of fetullah gulen . 
  however [ articles like this ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/hes-frail-77-and-lives-in-pennsylvania-turkey-says-hes-a-coup-mastermind/2016/08/03/6b1b2226-526f-11e6-bbf5-957ad17b4385_story.html ) makes usa very suspicious . 
   veils in public places that 's agaist secularism in some way ? 
  huh ? 
  then western world is not secular at all ...  turning hagia sophia back into a mosque for a few days are you being serious right now ? 
  like really is this your proof of turkey not being secular anymore ? 
  because we allowed people to pray in an museum for a few days ? 
   the persecution of a religious sect right now ( yes , gulen is bad . 
  it still is religious persecution ) etc then every county who banned scientology are not secular because they persecuted a religious sect . 
  also you just contradicted yourself because banning veils in public places is an religious persecution . 
   i mean , you guys act like it 's a huge conspiracy from the west and all not really only some shameless media channels try to potray it that way the problem we have with west your politicians and media trying so hard to potray what 's happening differently . 
  there are hundreds of articles trying to liken the coup to reichstag fire there are even politicians that are giving speeches with that bullshit . 
  there are barely any attempt to explain who fetullah gulen is and why turkey is convinced that he 's behind it so this leads to us questioning the motives of the west . 
  [ like check this out ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/hes-frail-77-and-lives-in-pennsylvania-turkey-says-hes-a-coup-mastermind/2016/08/03/6b1b2226-526f-11e6-bbf5-957ad17b4385_story.html ) ... even an respectable news source like washington post is writing such an obvious attempt to whitewash the crimes of gulen even if you do n't think he 's behind the coup the guy is literally erdogan v2 .0 and he 's more vicious than him . 
   but how can firing thousands of people from universities because they 're political opponents be justified in any way ? 
  because they 're not political opponents they 're part of the cemaat or service depending on what you call it . 
  they work in universities literally to recruit kids and educate their youth . 
  they offer kids jobs in exchange to becoming part of cemaat or they offer scholarships to them for the same reason . 
  please read bit about gulen movement . 
  using education centers for recruiting is how gulenism got this big . 
  gulen himself has charter schools in more than 100 countries !, 
  a lot it 's basically confirmed . 
  hundreds of testimonies and interviews pointed at them but there is no proof of gulen himself giving any orders maybe gulenists acted alone . 
   says the man who uses the democracy just to sack all the oppositions at the end . 
  it does n't even worth trying to explain anymore ... like i understand that you guys do n't know jack shit about what happened and happening right now in turkey but at stop trying to act like you do . 
  opposition is completely untouched right now . 
  lol implying huffpo 's normal articles are generally not biased . 
  i do n't think i ever read a good article about turkey on huffpo .
