  of course not . 
  in my humble opinion instead of giving kurds , kurdish education we turks should get kurdish classes for better communication and understanding each-others culture . 
   pkk can claim the opposite . 
  turkish soldiers wear uniforms it 's too damn hard to confuse them with civilians while pkk purposefully disguises themselves as civilians . 
  there is no way pkk can accidentally target civilians it could only be intentional while turkish soldiers can because of pkk 's disguises . 
  there is a reason pkk hided in cities instead of mountains . 
  were n't polish protesting their government not so long ago despite they being newly elected ? 
  i would n't call them sensible for just one acceptable policy . 
  poland takes care of the ukranian refugees so they ca n't really take syrian ones even if they wanted to anyway . 
   recognize them as a minority , give them their basic rights they 're recognized and have basic rights stop your idiotic propaganda . 
   some kind of autonomy ( or even independence if they want to ) and then you can say whatever you want i also want a villa and 2 hot whores could turkish government provide that to me too ? 
   after all , the turkish army also kills civilians . 
  which happens because pkk disguises as civilians . 
  turkish soldiers are not targeting civilians like pkk does . 
   you can not defeat `` terrorism '' yes you can . 
  of course we 're not surprised but to be honest the bomber was a suadi national i doubt he would n't be able to enter to turkey if we did n't have open door policy . 
  no but they would n't stay this far from each-other . 
  i 'll never understand scandinavians ... 
   the 21 % is the most scary part in my opinion ... those people are actually anti-islam folk that believe isis are the real muslims while moderates are not . 
  canada should change their king . 
   they are covering this up because it 's `` their boys '' . 
  if it was the pkk or some leftist fraction , this shit would be all over the news . 
  dude come on it 's still all over the news and i do n't see anything being covered up davutoglu himself said that the isis is responsible of the attack . 
  the casulties are not turkish citizens so sadly the government will take this more seriously than ankara attack . 
  at least we passed russia ... 
  these kind of idiots really give russians a bad name . 
  at least they 're researching before going . 
  kurdish groups in syria and turkey are very integrated . 
  ypg has pkk fighters and vice versa for example . 
  a good portion of syrians in turkey are actually syrian kurds so even if they 're not part of pkk when they first came to turkey they could easily be recruited so i would n't rule them out just because the suicide bomber is n't a turkish citizen . 
  also note that pkk claims that they have no affiliation with tak but tak is basically a made up group by pkk so they could conduct more gruesome terrorism while denying they had anything to do with it . 
  edit : it 's confirmed that apparently the suicide bomber was an isis militant . 
  those images are horrible ... 
  that sounds good actually . 
  i would think that too but the attack happened when sultanahmet square was not so populated . 
  isis would have went for most casualties but it seems like this attacks goal is to deal a blow to the tourism industry in turkey by scaring the tourists instead of murdering as much as people possible . 
  so it also makes pkk-tak a very possible suspect as well . 
  this shit ruined my entire morning . 
  now we ca n't even claim that turkey is safe the visit since damn terrorists even target tourists . 
  apparently the suicide bomber was a syrian so that rules out dhkp-c . isis , pkk-tak or al-qaeda are the only ones that could be the culprit . 
  edit : the suicide bomber being isis militant has been confirmed . 
  sure more workers it 's not like unemployment rate passed % 10 or anything ... also why the fuck are we trying to prevent them from migrating in the first place ? 
   who 's to blame ? 
  european politicians who 've allowed 1.2-2 million asylum seekers into the area the past years without any regard to the potential outcome . 
  i really do n't understand this logic . 
  bunch of shitheads do something retarded as a reaction to the recent events which adds more fuel to the fire and yet they 're not to be blamed ? 
  we 're talking about people who got free will not bunch of dogs that you can blame their owner once they do something bad . 
   but compared to the real story , this is n't even news . 
  we should n't let distractions like this take away from the real story . 
  wtf does that mean ? 
  both events are news get of your high horse . 
  go reads some right wing newspaper if you just want to hear stuff that fits to your political preference . 
  also nobody is getting distracted people are not as stupid as you think the cologne events got worldwide coverage and will be referenced when debating about refugees for months maybe years depending on how bad it gets in coming years . 
  try czech republic or japan . 
  we tried the first one was an utter failure and the second one failed because of crimea 's betrayal . 
  even when everything is europe turkey still ca n't in to eu :(, 
   european lands i think you missed this part mate . 
  nobody in turkey claiming they 're european . 
  turkey and us was planing to create a safe zone for refugees but i do n't know what happened to that plan . 
  we do n't have any oversee territories man an aircraft carrier is useless to us . 
  jets can take off from the land directly and cover all the seas around us . 
  i love how he 's unable to respond to this . 
   it 's the genuine , alive quranic islam lol quranists are actually the most peaceful muslims there is mate . 
  pretty much all batshit crazy stuff in islam come from hadith . 
  lol why ? 
  they 're your citizens take them in and arrest them . 
  lock them for life and see if they actually want to come back knowing what 's waiting back home . 
  lol it 's hilarious that this is the exact same argument that the turks who deny armenian genocide use . 
  says the guy that did n't even know greece shot turkish jets few hours ago . 
  you 're as uninformed as a elementary schooler . 
  it 's not my job to sit down and try to find months old articles just so you 'll be content . 
  turks do recognize 1947 peace treaties legal it 's mostly just `` it should have been ours ! '', 
  kinda thing just like how greece sometimes claims smyrna and istanbul . 
  basically after the italo-turkish war the ouchy treaty was signed between the two counties and according to that italy would return rhodes and the other aegean islands it held back to the turks but because of world war i , the islands remained under italian military occupation . 
  then italy annexed the islands with 1923 treaty of lausanne and gave them to greece in paris at 1947 . 
  you expect me to sit down and find all the articles about this topic ? 
  i 'm sure you 're smart enough to understand that this is one example and the last two airspace violations turkey tolerated . 
   nato 's north atlantic council held a meeting in early october to consult on russia 's military actions in and around syria . 
  russian aircraft violated turkish airspace on oct. 3 and oct. 4 , despite what nato called `` clear , timely and repeated '' warnings from turkish authorities . 
  secretary general jens stoltenberg called russia 's military activities `` troubling , '' and said nato was prepared to defend turkey against any threats . 
  nato 's jets have not yet fired upon russian aircraft , but they have been working to intercept the flights . 
  there is a reason why russia was warned over and over again before the incident . 
  i 'm baffled how some of you think that turkey shot the first russian jet that violated their airspace . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/despite-nato-warnings-russia-has-history-violating-airspace-turkey-baltics-2198519 ), 
  erdogan does n't have any eyes on cpyrus he would stop the occupation the moment the islands gets united . 
  at least i think he would ... 
   the violations were the first since early december following a minor diplomatic spat between the two aegean neighbors after a message on greek prime minister alexis tsipras 's twitter account accused turkish jets of repeated transgressions in the aegean . 
  that 's an overstatement mate . 
  this kind of stuff significantly dropped after the relations between two nations were normalized . 
  now it 's mostly turkish jets having `` fun '' not different than russia really ... 
  it 's a prank bro !, 
  jokes aside turkey actually does that because of still having an eye on twelve islands . 
  the islands were supposed to be given to turkey by italy but instead they gave them to greece . 
  pretty stupid tbh ... 
  cyprus is n't greece 's land . 
  cyprus is the land of cypriots ... 
  now you 're not making any sense first you 're claiming that `` civilized '' countries do n't shoot jets for airspace violation then you poorly try to justify greece doing it ... you guys are so full of shit that you do n't even know russia has been violating turkish airspace almost daily for months until turkey shot one . 
  neither did i the trick is typing in english . 
  no one is claiming the eastern turkey is safe mate . 
  when we say it 's safe to visit turkey we generally mean popular tourist destinations not the cities that pkk is active or bordering syria obviously those parts of the country are unsafe at the moment there is a reason why some towns even have a curfew right now .
