  what west needs to do is take the mosques on control . 
  a state sponsored and regulated organization should appoint all imams and imams should be paid by them hence they will be loyal . 
  remember people do n't just sit down , read the quran and decide to blow themselves up someone is influencing them . 
  another thing westerners not getting is muslims are too diffrent depending on the region . 
  there must be a reason why most terrorist attacks and rapes in europe are committed by people from maghreb . 
  the brussels terrorists were all moroccans and now this guy is tunisian . 
  the rape of cologne perpetrators were mostly north africans as well . 
  let me guess gypsies ? 
  props to romanian police ... 
  i wish i did n't watch this . 
  my own imagination was not that awful ... 
  absolutely horrifying ... is this how it is now ? 
  every week we 'll have tragedies like this ? 
  2016 turned out to be such a shitty year . 
  i 'm literally unable to be calm in crowded places . 
  so is this a terrorist attack ? 
  apparently only police fired to shoot the trucker . 
  any chance of it being an accident ? 
  drunk driver maybe ? 
  it does n't seem flashy enough for isis to me or am i too wishful ? 
  50 % youth unemployment is absolutely insane ... 
  in turkey the highest was 28 % and it 's 17 % now . 
  considering how popular rt and sputnik is in eu countries t 's pretty damn obvious . 
  this is all because local sources in europe was not honest at the worst times of the refugee crises . 
  russia used the outrage against the media in europe very admirably . 
  not really sure however it 's true that most turks will say that `` it was not genocide it was deportations because armenians were massacring people with the support of russia . '', 
  or something like that . 
  we 're taught in schools that deportation of armenians as an tragedy instead of genocide where on the roads armenians endured enormous hardships so assuming most people believe this truth i doubt they would justify it . 
  edit : here 's a [ survey about armenian genocide ] ( http://www.edam.org.tr/en/file?id=2162 ) 54 % wants to be apologized or shown regret to armenian victims while 9 % want it fully recognized as a genocide 25 % do n't give a fuck . 
   is armenia really asking for reparations , though ? 
  i doubt any country in the world would support an armenian claim for land reparations . 
  i can image lots of countries that would . 
   imagine how many lands russia would have to give away , or the usa to native americans , or china with tibet , etc etc. 
  you ca n't make those countries give away their land to anyone they 're the big trio . 
  however we turkey are dependent on europe a lot . 
  anyway i highly doubt they would make us give armenia actual land but if armenia asks we will most definitely be forced to pay some reparations . 
  which is why we need a confirmation that they would not pursue reparations and just want an good honest apology and recognition . 
  when he says he wo n't pursue reparations and drop their claim on current turkish lands i would support the official recognition of the armenian genocide . 
  this is pure politics the history is barely relevant here . 
  if truly just wanted apology we could have ended this now . 
  who you accuse is not important what matters is whether it will affect us or not . 
  germany is still paying for the nazi crimes we do n't want that ... 
  do n't listen to him he 's just spreading misinformation . 
  what turks deny is whether the massacres constitutes as a genocide or not . 
  not the actual event itself . 
  basically you say it 's a murder and the turk says it 's man slaughter nobody denies that the guy being dead . 
  90 % of turkey 's population does n't give a single fuck about armenian genocide . 
  if you ask them when it happened they would n't even be able to say 1915 or ww1 the ones who could would just repeat what they were taught in school . 
  600.000 it not very few and i only heard people saying armenians deserved it on some ultra nationalist group on facebook . 
  if you 're curious they 're called tigir : er i first thought they were a satire group but they 're really crazy ass people and quite dangerous as well . 
  wish we got that . 
  [ ours is like wwe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi96f4v5ic0 ) ... 
  getting downvoted for disagreeing . 
   it 's not bs . 
  greece was constantly rebelling against the ottomans , and subjected to a deeply felt foreign dominion . 
  your own source disagrees with you . 
  none of the previous uprisings were in large scale and all of them were quickly put down . 
  the first proper upraising was at late 18 century and even that one failed and all those uprisings happened when ottoman empire was at war with great powers so even when the royal army and the sultan was away those uprisings were absolutely nothing to ottoman empire . 
   f course , full `` turkization '' under this situation would be hard if not impossible ... why is that ? 
  you really need to read more about ottoman empire . 
  the whole europe banded together to fight ottoman empire yet you 're seriously claiming ottoman empire was unable to impose a forced religious and cultural conversation because of some irregulars who were put down without much effort for 400 years straight ? 
   while in anatolia , of course , it was both possible and done . 
  do n't try to act like a militaristic empire like the ottoman wanted its provinces to retain their cultural indipendence because they did . 
  why do you think millet system was a thing ? 
  ottoman empire was an expansionist . 
  the reason why they expanded that fast and managed to hold that many different cultures mostly in peace for centuries were because they allowed an cultural independence . 
  being a part of ottoman empire mostly just went that you had to pay taxes to them ( including blood tax for select few ) . 
  millets ruled themselves if ottoman empire wished they could have easily arrested all non-muslim clerics , outlawed usage of foreign languages , forced closure of all education centers except madrasas and after few generations the cultural genocide would have been complete but they did n't do that because ottoman empire just wanted stability it did n't matter which language you spoke or which traditions you followed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/millet_ ( ottoman_empire )  as for the african colonies , of course the official language was the one of the conqueror . 
  but , again - and not differently from the ottomans - the native language survived together with much of the original culture . 
  no the difference is massive the conquerer language is literally one of the official languages yet in balkans good luck finding anybody who speaks turkish in fact check how many turkish words are in balkan languages . 
  there is barely any influence if there is any ... 
   oh , they certainly tried to `` turkify '' eastern europe . 
  the only reason they didnt succeed was because of armed rebellions that 's bullshit and you know it . 
  go check how many years ottoman empire had eastern europe . 
  if there was a a campaign to turkify eastern europe for that long there would n't be any of balkan culture or languages left now . 
  your rebellions succeeded at 19 . century which if you know anything about ottoman empire you know that 's in the timeline of sick man period . 
  those lands were conquered as early as 15 . century . 
  with a serious turkification campaign it would n't even take 400 years to turkify the eastern europe . 
  compare yourself with western colonies pretty much all ex african colony countries has a good chunk of people who speak their old overlord country 's language for example in lots of african countries has english is an official language . 
  english is an official language for more than 50 countries while that 's not the case for turkish even in other muslims nations who were under ottoman rule becuase ottoman empire only cared about religion not culture and they did n't have massive conversion campaigns because they were able to tax non-muslims more which sultans were generally fine with it . 
  he 's confusing the ottoman sharia with actual sharia . 
  in ottoman empire all non-muslims had their own courts who were not subjugated to islamic law . 
  kurds will have more seats in the parliament which will eventually turn the nation to a federalist state apart from that we will be unable to ignore or stall the kurdish problem . 
  yeah french are totally middle-easterners also japan is the most european country in the world . 
  it is 3.4 , while in marmara region it 's 1.55 for example . 
  there is nothing european about low birth rates . 
  turkey 's is also misleading . 
  kurds literally carrying the entire country . 
  even if we recognize the genocide one day you can be sure that we would n't pay a single dime . 
  not wanting to pay is like one of the few major reasons to deny it in the first place . 
  there are no genocide survivors left to pay anything anyway . 
  lol you 're talking like it that 's a new thing . 
  poland 's democray degrading is a new thing you do n't go slam saudi arabia for being a monarchy since they were pretty much always like that . 
  you 're missing the point by your logic greeks are colonists too . 
  there were anatolians living there . 
  today 's istanbul was not empty set of space people were living there and all those anatolian culture and langauges were lost after the greeks came so obviously same thing we did happened . 
  history is filled with conquests you did it , we did it , everybody who ever had some power did it . 
  it might not apply now but back in the day the world worked with this logic . 
  `` if you ca n't hold it , it ai n't yours '' .
