  things are not cool but you guys do not understand the real problem you guys are so obsessed with islam that instead of caring about what happens in turkey all you care is trying to show turkey as an example for your arguments about how islam sucks . 
  turkey going full islamist fits your worldview so you do n't care about actually researching and seeing what 's going on . 
  it was n't really taught properly before as well . 
  turkey has one of the lowest acceptance of evolution theory . 
  avarage guys understanding of evolution is not more than `` humans came from monkeys '' . 
   one of the first thing erdogan did when he gained power was put his first born son in charge of education . 
  ummm what ? 
  he never did something like this his son has nothing to do with education what are you trying to do here exactly ? 
  inform people or mislead people ? 
   the only thing students study in these schools is arabic , the quran and the haddiths . 
  the only thing they are qualified for is to be an imam or a sharia court judge . 
  that is not true imam-hatips are obligated to give the normal highschool classes as well plus there is no sharia court in turkey . 
  here 's [ curriculum of imam hatips ] ( https://dogm.meb.gov.tr/meb_iys_dosyalar/2014_01/31041352_imam_hatip_liseleri_haftalik_ders_cizelgeleri_20142015.pdf ) why are you lying about this ? 
  it just destroys your credibility makes me wonder that you have an agenda and do n't care what 's going on in turkey . 
  imam hatips suck but still give decent normal education if your child is dumb as fuck and was n't qualified for a good high school they are not the worst choice . 
  for doing barely any work imams are paid really good and it is not really a hard job at all . 
  unless you got cash then avoid them like plague . 
   some people will read this and dismiss it as islamophobic . 
  i hope they remember and re-evaluate their position when turkey announces its first implementation of some sharia laws . 
  nobody will do that stop acting like there is some conspiracy against you plus bringing sharia to turkey would mean erdogan going down . 
  you do n't know erdogan supporters they might act pious but they would n't last a day in a sharia country . 
  it is not something they want . 
  erdogan favor religion because it is a great tool to control people not because he is some crazy islamist who wants to be a caliph . 
  most that could happen is local sharia courts like in some european countries about inheritance , marriage and stuff . 
  we genocided romans ? 
  damn we are good . 
  you realize how dumb you look right now right ? 
   it 's a religious symbol . 
  a headcovering is not a religious symbol . 
  islam only orders women to cover their hair . 
  ban hijab and they can just wear a beanie instead for example . 
  hijab has no meaning in islam it is not a symbol it 's a cultural clothing . 
   public servants represent the state and the state is neutral . 
  how is covering your hair or wearing a cross necklace means you are not neutral ? 
  i feel like people just parrot this argument without thinking about it . 
  to me neutral means letting any religious person to dress however they want not disallowing anything that 's relented to religion  the state is not a religious entity , but as a secular one which is why state should n't give a shit about what people wear . 
  not exactly you can wear burqa outside but not working as civil servant and most private sectors wo n't allow it as well . 
  hijab is allowed everywhere now however most schools have thier own dresscode that does n't allow it . 
  not counting imam hatips . 
  some of them are justified i mean kids sure do n't wear it because they want it so it should be banned from schools . 
  ban of burqa is also reasonable i mean do you see people covering themselves in black in anywhere else on the world ? 
  i sure do n't it is because nobody would willingly wear that it 's both ugly and uncomfortable . 
  however hijab bans are entirely unreasonable imo even for public servants . 
  have n't seen a good argument on why hijab should be banned yet . 
  i mean to me hijab is no different than a hat . 
  whatever you say bro deny reality all you want . 
  erdogan and barzani is buddies and he himself pretty openly endorsed the independence of iraqi kurdistan . 
  if you are talking about his very recent comments about the referendum that 's just because erdogan does n't want to piss of iraq by looking like turkey is influencing the referendum . 
  nobody is spreading misinformation here it is you who can not deny the reality because you are unable to comprehend turks and kurds being on the same page at anything . 
  do you know what humidity is ? 
  have you ever been in a demonstration before ? 
  why do you think after a large event floors and trashes are filled with bottles ? 
  do you seriously not understand that when you are in close proximity with thousands of people that it gets really hot ? 
  lmao dude please stop you looked dumb before not you are just cringy . 
  you can not even point out what part of the article or your link disproves me yet you accuse me of picking sentences that fit my narrative . 
  the march managed to gather about thousand people in germany so did the protests of quds day . 
  what is so hard to understand here ? 
  do i need to spell it out ? 
   also does n't even that prove my point that you can protest during ramadan ? 
  no all it means is some people decided to not fast for a day to join the event or they were not obligated to fast in the first place because of various reasons or simply they came for a short period of time and left . 
  exceptions exist for everything the point was that if you want thousands of muslims to join your event choose a date where muslims are not hungry and thirsty all day . 
  have you even been a part of a protest or a march ? 
  i did and i can tell you that you ca n't last more than few hours without drinking water . 
  there is reason why trash and sometimes the floor gets filled with bottles after large demonstration . 
  sure go ahead [ ignore the german flags alongside the turkish flags ] ( http://www.deutschlandradio.de/media/thumbs/a/a1ed4100de0493a2b7c4acddf4a6d8c4v2_max_498x374_b3535db83dc50e27c1bb1392364c95a2.jpg ) and the thousands of banners that condemn violence . 
  next you gon na claim that the green party who joined the rally was there for turkey right ? 
  you seem have passed the threshold of sanity you literally deny reality to push your agenda . 
  i am not sure what you mean the point was they do n't have problem with peace marches the problem was how shitty the organizers were at it . 
  let people be angry ditib gave solid reasoning for their actions . 
  let people be angry ditib gave solid reasoning for their actions . 
  you need to be a special type of moron to call muslims to a march in ramadan . 
  you expect them to march thirsty and hungry in this weather ? 
  not only that organizers also failed to get endorsement of ditib . 
  i would if i argued about this for 5 hours like you did . 
  i was trying to help you but okay whatever . 
  seems like you ca n't be reasoned with . 
  dude , buddy , pal go get a drink and calm down and think what you said though . 
  you literally accused op of propagading for posting a weather forecast map and he did n't do it for no reason he did it because that 's the current trend in r/europe . 
  you are so butthurt that you can not see anything that 's releted to turkey normally . 
  nobody would have called you butthurt if you asked why northern cyprus was on the map but your first instinct was to think that it was a carefully hidden propaganda attempt . 
  such a level of butthurt is bad for your health . 
  scroll down and see how much you argued over this shit with the other guy . 
  was that really worth your time ? 
  because they are allied with pkk . 
  they do not recognize turkey 's dominion over turkish kurdistan . 
  once syrian civil war ends all their fighters will aid pkk . 
  syria is turkey 's enemy yet turkey do not support the independence of syrian kurdistan . 
  nobody is weakening anybody here it is about whether they pose turkey any threat or not . 
  iraqi kurdistan does n't and they are friendly hence there is no reason to deny a new friendly nation emerging . 
  what is wrong with those shoes ? 
  turkey is main supporter of independent iraqi kurdistan . 
  it sends you to site of the department of meteorology of northern cyprus when you click on it . 
  there is no conspiracy everywhere little man . 
  there is nothing more hilarious than greek butthurt . 
  i swear even in a joke post you guys somehow manage to get butthurt . 
  you need to be seriously crazy if you honestly believe op posted this to propagate anything . 
  he got it from [ here ] ( https://mgm.gov.tr/en-us/forecast-5days.aspx ) he did n't add anything . 
  news say that it 's being restored . 
  this article seems like jumping the gun without confirmation . 
  there are some concern that they are gon na change the original text but i doubt it .
