  never understood that one . 
  i mean half of the land they claim to be kurdistan is basically old armenian land that they took it from them back in armenian genocide . 
  i guess hatred for turks could even bring two opposite groups that would fight with each other normally . 
  so what does pkk want from azeris exactly ? 
  the problem is between azeris and armenians where did pkk come from ? 
  so this is gon na be posted once at least every month huh ? 
  loooool although i 'm somewhat glad that we 're not the only ones who 're getting questions like this . 
  but why ? 
  i really do n't understand why these young people sympathize with terrorists ... why would someone born and raised in belgium would have such opinions ? 
  i really do n't get it . 
   just wondering what people would say if those kinds of modesty laws were apllied to men . 
  i would n't complain tbh it would actually be nice to wear an foreign cultural accessory or clothing . 
  you 're not going to live there for fucks sake you 're going because of your job and will leave soon . 
  nobody here is saying this law is reasonable they 're saying you need to abide the laws of the country you 're currently in no matter what you think about it or simply just do n't go there . 
   `` no entrance in the country without a beard '' or `` only circumsized men are allowed '' uhhh ... 
  i ca n't magically grow a beard and circumcision is permanent while wearing a headscarf is not . 
  do you even think before giving examples ? 
  if you go to a country you obey their laws it 's that simple . 
  iran has mandatory headscarfs for women hence you should wear one if you go there . 
   the company will introduce an exception so that employees who do n't want to work on the paris-tehran route will be reassigned on other destinations with no sanctions . 
  seems like the solution is already quite obvious . 
   turkey , iraqi kurdistan , israel and possibly georgia . 
  and then expand as the time goes i 'm really up for this add azerbaijan as well . 
  this is not about that the he 's answering to the criticism of the turkey-eu deal because of turkey 's human rights issues . 
  yeah just like how they do n't ignore suadi arabia 's human rights issues . 
  it 's kinda late for that pkk got hit pretty hard and their iraqi camps are also constantly bombed only place they left to run is syria and there is isis threat there . 
  there is a reason why pkk is crying for help . 
  russian support wo n't do much now ... pkk really did a poor decision by leaving the mountains that they were mostly safely hidden . 
  it 's is just figure of speech . 
  he wo n't do shit ... 
  the context is the same . 
  the pictures prove nothing really . 
  has been an investigation conducted ? 
  is there any witnesses of azeri soldiers entering or exiting this couple 's household ? 
  how do they know it was not some murderer who did it ? 
  why would soldiers cut off their ears after the murder ? 
  that 's like massive sign of a psychopath murderer . 
  anyway i would wait for a better confirmation . 
  both sides writing stuff like this daily since the tensions got hot . 
  armenian source and all it shows is an dead couple no evidence of who committed the murder . 
  norway 's worst extremist attacks were committed by right-wingers though ... 
   your id shows your religion . 
  it 's islam by default ( hence 99 % muslim country ) and you have to fight a lengthy legal battle to get it changed and you 'll face a lot of discrimination if you do so . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  i removed mine and it was very easy and there was no discrimination at all . 
  you go to renew your id and say you want the religion bar to be empty so they give you an form that 's already filled you just sign it and done they give you a new id with empty religion bar . 
  and it seems like most people [ had the same experience ] ( https://eksisozluk.com/nufus-cuzdanindaki-din-hanesini-sildirmek--2070289 ) . 
  anyway it 's gon na get removed with the new ids . 
  everything erdogan says is laughable it 's insane . 
  i sometimes listen to his speeches when i come across on tv and according to him turkey is pretty much best at everything . 
  ah the struggle of indo-european languages . 
  i have a solution let 's all speak turkish we do n't have gender specific pronouns . 
  problem solved . 
  cry me a river . 
  dammit germany you were the chosen one . 
  what the hell komsu ? 
  oh wow that 's erdogan 's wet dream ... yikes ... 
  i would create one but i do n't want to get arrested . 
  which was to be expected i doubt i would have seen the video if it was n't for erdogan . 
  if they hated the west they would n't stay there ... 
   vote brigading is not a way to convince people i am wrong , using constructive arguments are . 
  i did n't tell anybody to downvote you if anyone down voting your comments it 's because they think you 're giving false information or your points are ridiclous . 
  in fact i did n't even downvote you myself ... you should ease off with those vote brigade conspiracies . 
   uhm how about taking up arms and fighting for kurdish rights for kurds till this very day ? 
  the moment you take arms you stop fighting for rights . 
  that 's the problem you guys fail to see . 
   i think the pkk would be willing to accept this loss of `` propaganda '' . 
  no they would n't pkk is a mafia they need the crowd to support them to exist . 
  it 's like yakuza in japan . 
  why do you think pkk stopped wanting independence ? 
  because they know that they 'll lose all their connections if kurdistan becomes independent . 
   i mean if you 're going to ask questions like this , how about going to / r/kurdistan and discussing this in detail rather than asking warped rhetoric questions that you really do n't want to find out the detailed answers i asked hundreds of times you guys refuse to give detailed answers i always get `` dersim this zilan that give us autonomy '' . 
   the pkk was established pretty much after the dersim massacres , their existence is a reaction to those events and what followed . 
  and here we go again ... do n't confuse kurdish independence movement with pkk . 
  pkk was founded in early 1970s stop acting like pkk was the one who started kurdish separatism . 
  there have been many different kurdish separatist organizations the ones that founded after dersim were mostly religious . 
   the oppression of kurds , banning speaking , writing and naming things in kurdish . 
  instead of asking whether the pkk would even exist if such things like did did not happen you 're here asking what good the pkk did ... ofc i 'll ask that . 
  the reason caused to pkk to be formed is irrelevant what matters is their actions and they did nothing to help kurds in anyway literally nothing . 
  after 30 years of terrorism they do n't have a single good accomplishment unless you count their massive international drug and human trafficking market an accomplishment . 
   what good would come out of the brutal acts against kurds ? 
  how about you ask the critical questions and not try and blame kurds for simply fighting back ? 
  is this what you call simply fighting back ? 
  the hundreds of bombing attacks that caused people who have nothing to do with the oppression to die is fighting back ? 
   this is like asking what the peshmerga have done to improve kurdistan . . no it 's like asking kdp not peshmarga . 
   what the fuck are you on ? 
  this is just silly . 
  the pkk are not a government or even an organisation that can do that . 
  no it 's not . 
  pkk has enough money to build schools , hospitals etc. . . 
  even fucking gulenists did few good things by building stuff like these all around turkey . 
   lets wait for those billions to come from the u.s. like they were provided to turkey and the pkk can easily open all of those places . 
  it comes from europe pkk owns the biggest drug trade in europe . 
  they own weapons that turkish military has no access to that cost millions on the black market , pkk is rich . 
  their money is what makes them formidable they 're not dirt poor peasant rebels . 
  in fact pkk has quite a bit of organizations they control in europe but they purposefully avoid opening any in turkey because they need the kurdistan to stay as backwards and poor as possible because if people start getting content with their lives the support will cease . 
   those places . 
  and seriously , if they opened a school , a hospital , the turks would come straight away and bulldoze it down so seriously this is just naive and ignorant , like how pkk blows up anything turks try to build in kurdistan ? 
  anyway as long as everything is legal they would have been left untouched in fact for the last 10 years pkk literally recruited and created roadblocks in plain sight and akp government did n't do shit . 
   `` backwards culture '' when the pkk are a none religious group and the best thing you turks can think of is to bring in islamist preachers to con kurds into being islamic and convince them to fight the pkk .
