  majority of the perpetrators of those events are already dead unlike pkk we keep changing leadership rapidly . 
  if you know anybody you 're free to name them so i can give my opinion i do n't know anybody who was directly involved in any massacres that 's still alive and in office . 
  also we are not on the equal footing here kurds would get what they want while we get nothing in exchange . 
  they can never force us to give up kurdistan why even agree to it then ? 
  if we wo n't even get some meager justice what 's the point ? 
  we have military and martyr culture here nobody sees it as pointless slaughter . 
  we can handle fighting forever . 
  the difference is if kurdistan getting independence it 's happening on the negotiation table . 
  they 'll never actually manage to break away with force and only way that 's happening is if turkish public is satisfied which can only be achieved if the big guys are in chains . 
  this is not a normal war if both sides simply stop pkk would be the victor while in a war between two independent countries a stalemate would mean nobody wins . 
  there needs to be a compromise otherwise our people died for nothing . 
  kurds will get what they want while we wo n't even get justice for our dead ? 
  fuck that . 
  here 's an example from spain . 
  they do n't offically call pkk as terrorists but arrested them anyway . 
  kemalists are generally not referred as nationalists in turkey because their understanding of nationalism is a bit different . 
  kemalist nationalism is more like civic nationalism where your ethnicity does n't matter as long as you can adapt to the culture of the state to the point that you can integrate . 
  i mean the grey wolves they are more commonly known as \u00dclk\u00fc ocaklar\u0131 in turkey . 
  current mhp is not really representative of them they really do n't like erdogan at all . 
  erdogan is not a nationalist he flip flops depending on who he 's giving the speech to . 
  for example he implied that federalism was a possibility if yes vote won in the referendum and [ even hanged banners that showed sheikh said in a good light ] ( http://static.birgun.net/resim/haber-detay-resim/2017/03/24/akp-seyh-sait-ile-evet-istedi-263412-5.jpg ) . 
  if you do n't know who that is [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sheikh_said_rebellion ) . 
  it means you 're turned away from the airport even with valid papers . 
  pkk related events mostly fine as far as i have seen but if you attempt to recruit or raise money for pkk you 'll get arrested . 
  all those pkk flag waving dudes you see are generally permanent residents not actual millitants . 
  they are just sympathizers they can do whatever they want . 
  no i do n't care how kurdistan governs themselves but pkk committed a lot of crimes in turkey their leaders deserve to be prosecuted and locked up along with their beloved leader apo . 
  do n't care if this kurdistan goverment is apoist or still calling themselves pkk or whatever however just because kurdistan gets independent does n't people 's criminal records are getting erased . 
  people like murat karay\u0131lan must be arrested . 
  yes ? 
  pkk can not operate in any of those countries . 
  they can wave their piece of fabric if they wish like i care in the end pkk can not build a stronghold to fuel their terrorism in any of those countries . 
  [ here 's an example ] ( http://ekurd.net/mismas/articles/misc2010/10/turkey3015.htm ) check other links too pkk terrorists has been arrested thoughtout europe only switzerland ever let actual militants walk free . 
  sympathizers can do whatever they want thought but they are your problem now . 
   it is not considered a terrorist organization by an un or europol either unlike many , many other . 
  un and europol does not have any dedicated terrorist lists as i said it is no secret that pkk millitants ca n't walk in europe freely which is all that matters to me at least . 
  this was confirmed by actual pkk guys in r/syriancivilwar . 
   btw - what is your view on the issue of independent kurdistan ? 
  i mean does it really matter ? 
  your goverment is bombing al-nusra simply because of their connections with al-qaeda . 
  they never attacked us yet they still get the bombs . 
  how is having different command and control structures changes anything ? 
  ypg is free to show to the world that they are not with pkk by denouncing them and expelling them from rojava but they do n't instead they give their full support to them . 
  do you just expect us to let an pkk heaven emerge right next to our border ? 
  whether by force or negotiation pkk 's presence needs to be removed from rojava there is no other way . 
  also we all know the only reason you have any sympathy for these guys is because you 're sick of islam and any secular movement in me is good enough . 
  even saddam and assad getting a lot of praise from you westerners simply because they are better alternatives according to you guys . 
  nationalist in turkey despise erdogan . 
  he 's seen as the biggest traitor of the 21 century by them . 
  you should go and read more about erdogan he is the guy who sat the same table with pkk . 
  i ca n't read what 's written on it but is n't it against pkk ? 
  is there anything racist against kurds on it at all ? 
  can anyone confirm that ? 
  however it is pretty wierd if this was delivered to his home . 
  terrorists are terrorists there is no okayish ones . 
  it does n't matter if a killer killed 5 people or 50 people or raped , tortured or mutilated the victims beforehand in the end both of them are serial killers and deserve the maximum punishment the law can give . 
  i am okay with it as long as it is not pkk who 's going to form the goverment and everybody in turkey who wants independent kurdistan is willing to denounce their citizenship and move to this new kurdistan . 
  not okay with autonomy though you either go all out or not . 
  they will just continue leeching of turkey 's resources until they are self-sustaining with autonomy then break free anyway . 
  it would be stupid to allow that . 
  every country except switzerland that pkk ever tried to operate in considers it to be one . 
  it is only handful because pkk did not declare a war against the entire world like islamic terrorist organizations so your argument is pretty invalid . 
  i do not see how is this a erdogan propaganda . 
  was that delivered to your home or did you pick it up somewhere ? 
  could we please stop associating calling pkk terrorists with being pro erdogan ? 
  dude was pro-pkk not long ago and the reason they are still around he just flip-flops when it 's convenient . 
  would n't say they are democratic because erdogan controls % 80 of the media . 
  erdogan gets like half of kurdish votes which is massive . 
  without kurds erdogan can never form a goverment just with his party . 
  hey gib islands . 
  seriously if i live in istanbul any longer i 'll go mad . 
  well some people really hate erdogan and would use anything to discredit him . 
  his georgian ancestry does n't mean anything to majority of people but we still got racist folk who care who are under mhp 's umbrella that very much care . 
  if you gon na use that argument we are actually decendents of anatolians who were hellanized by greeks however why does it matter ? 
  in turkey we care about what you idetfiy as we do n't care who your grand grand father was . 
  turks do not hate greeks or vice-versa bro . 
  any hatred people have is mostly towards goverments . 
  what reality ? 
  turks and greeks do not hate eachother . 
  greeks hate turkish goverment though then again who does n't ? 
  yes homo . 
  you can not get more kurd friendly than k\u0131l\u0131cdaroglu . 
  your argument is outdated imo . 
  holy shit . 
  thank you if you 're not being sarcastic ofc . 
  i do n't claim to be unbiased i probably am since i grow up hearing pkk 's terrorism even personally affected by it however i believe what i said was correct since there is still no proof linking this to erdogan other than attackers being `` inspired '' by his speeches and even that 's just a guess since erdogan never called for direct violence . 
   this guy defends turkey blindly , denies genocides and massacres , no questions asked where the fuck i have ever denied any genocide or massacres ? 
  i guess lying is all you got huh ? 
  just pathetic and sad . 
   so do n't tell me you actually think he 's unbiased ? 
  there is no truly unbiased human on the planet all of us are biased because we all favor a side however being biased is not the same with being a liar like you . 
  there is a reason why it is recommended to get your information from different sources no matter how unbiased a source looks like . 
   for example , this user tried to use the p\u0131narc\u0131k massacre and blame it on the pkk . 
  which is claimed by pkk are you saying they lied themselves ? 
  how old are you that you do not even know serxwebun ? 
  you know that newspaper that blamed jitem for everything even they admitted pkk did it and you know why they did it ? 
  because kurds were starting to see the brutality of pkk so it was to be a message to all `` jash '' kurds out there who would n't support pkk . 
   a turkish soldier that was there at the time claimed that `` j\u0130tem '' ( an infamous unit that tortured , kidnapped and killed civilians ) unit of the turkish gendarmerie as an act of provocation to frame the pkk did it . 
  lol hilarious you are believing a turkish solider over pkk just to push your agenda how more pathetic you can get ? 
  please stop this charade we both know the truth .
