   the turkish diaspora regularly does this stuff . 
  yeah because everyday another turk in europe is getting fired from his job for hate speech against armenians . 
   this is turks in canada protesting on the day of remembrance of the armenian genocide did n't know canada was part of germany . 
   every year masses of turks go to the locations that armenians gather to mourn the death of 70 % of their population so that they can protest , call them liars and wave turkish flags in their faces . 
  dude even your source literally says `` first time in cananda at april 24 , 2016 . 
  stop your bullshit please those massive protests are extremely rare . 
  who said it was expected to be part of state ? 
  even in turkey barely % 10 of muslims want islamic law as a state law . 
  law of men and law of god are seen separate . 
  only god can punish people for breaking his laws which is the entire freaking point of religion . 
   the authors of the study were pleased with some of their results : 90 percent of the people of turkish origin surveyed said they feel comfortable in germany . 
  eighty-seven percent said that they feel closely or very closely connected to germany . 
  that 's 2 percent more than the number who said they felt a close connection to turkey . 
  it 's so obvious you did n't because if you did you would know that the article supports his personal observation . 
  turkish muslims are happy in germany and content with their lives even if they 're subjugated to racism and bigotry time to time . 
   islamic law is more important than `` grundgesetz '' for almost half of the turks in germany . 
  i 'm not sure you 're aware but % 90 of turkish muslims have no idea what religious law is . 
  we never lived under sharia . 
  in fact we 're so preposterous that most of us believe that arabs forgot the true islam which is why they have all those barbaric laws and shit . 
  if you come across any turkish muslims try asking what they think of islamic law then ask about what they think of suadi arabia . 
  you 'll get conflicting answers . 
   7 % accepting violence makes almost 120000 turks . 
  you do n't check polls frequently do you ? 
  `` even if you ask something bizarre as `` are reptilians ruling the world ? '', 
  you 'll get around % 7 percent yes . 
  edit : found something [ lol ] ( http://www.thewire.com/national/2013/04/12-million-americans-believe-lizard-people-run-our-country/63799/ )  `` muslims should seek a return to a social order as in the times of the prophet muhammad '' 32 % answered yes , what 's wrong with that ? 
  you should read about the random stories muslims make up about muhammed 's arabia . 
  you 'll think it 's some kind of utopia . 
  when you 're looking at the polls about muslims always remember that they believe islam is the religion of peace . 
   90 percent of the people of turkish origin surveyed said they feel comfortable in germany . 
  eighty-seven percent said that they feel closely or very closely connected to germany . 
   in some respects , most of the people surveyed had a more positive view of the situation in germany than many germans themselves . 
  ofc they would n't put this part on the title . 
   almost half of those surveyed agreed with the following statement : `` it is more important to obey religious laws than state laws . '', 
  what kind of stupid statement is that ? 
  you ca n't get more vague than that . 
  what do you mean by religious laws ? 
  specify them for some religious laws are just obligation to pray , obligation to cover your hair outside etc. . . 
  while for some it 's stoning of adulterers . 
  because we kinda own half of it . 
  it takes one google search to disprove you but the fact that you actually believe what you said means that you would n't care how many sources i would throw at you . 
  all i 'm gon na say is you 're a disgusting human being for treating victims of terrorist attacks differently and try to push agenda from them . 
  america is not like european nations . 
  if you live in europe even if you see yourself as german , british etc. . . only select few will accept you as one . 
  you 're forever non-european immigrant for them even if you born there . 
  great i 'm sure you 'll get used to your new 3 million syrians faster because of your past experiences . 
   so you want to loose out on the money we give you to keep them there we already spent more than what eu paid for us and eu made it clear that the money would only be used on refugees so it 's not even our money . 
  better to just lose refugees themselves than lose the money sent for them . 
   as well as the 3 billion euros we give you in aid every year ? 
  you do n't give us 3 billion every you 'll only give one 3 billion and not at once in batches . 
  we already spent 9 billion btw ...  fine by me . 
  you screw us , we 'll screw you right back . 
  and do n't start with the ` omg but you didnt give us visa free travel ! ' . 
  your idiot president decided not to . 
  not the other way around . 
  did you read what i said ? 
  i did n't say eu denied it was erdogan 's fault that this deal went to shitter but i was n't really in favor of the deal in the first place the visa-free travel could have been nice but without it . 
  it 's basically stupid ... 
  implying they tried . 
  only one criteria left and erdogan made it very clear that they wo n't fix our anti-terrorism legislation . 
  anyway this is great news now we can stop being eu 's trash . 
  time to send all the refugees that came from greece back . 
  also we should stop wasting resources combating with the smugglers . 
  that does n't make much sense because arabs turned out to be traitors and sided with british against ottoman caliphate . 
  damn we must be really good if we 're really set to join at this state . 
  i would be suprised if they were . 
  this is ea we talking about here ... 
  i bet they included ottomans simply because to have an excuse for middle-eastern and african maps . 
  hey its me ur cousin let 's go bowling, 
  i 'll never understand this body shaming concept and i 'm saying this as someone who has been overweight for the half of his life . 
  yes ... people are fined or jailed for insulting him on twitter . 
  that 's never a valid reason to forbid something . 
  also bullies gon na be bullies they 'll always find a reason to harass people . 
  do n't see the problem girls wear pants to school all the time . 
  uhh ... what ? 
  who the hell celebrates armenian genocide ? 
  how do you celebrate an event that you deny in the first place you guys contradict each other left and right . 
  i hate erdogan with passion but assimilation is not something necessary for integration . 
  even if i lived 20 years in germany i highly doubt i would start identify as just german . 
  i would just be a german turk . 
  never just german ... 
  well i did got stopped several times in my trip at europe but not sure if it was because racial profiling since i 'm basically white passing . 
  anyway i think you 're exaggerating . 
  you generally do n't even come across to police everyday and yes you 're helping police by making their job easy for them by cooperating and not wasting their time by complaining . 
  also there is a reason why i said as long as it 's not abused . 
  like for example let 's assume the police is looking for a black criminal in the neighborhood , then it 's totally okay to just question black people and ask for their identification this is the type of racial profiling i support . 
  i would be totally fine with it . 
  i believe everybody should help the police as much as they can . 
  police can stop me any time i would n't mind in fact it would make me feel safer . 
  by the way racial profiling is impossible in turkey because kurds and turks are basically look too similar . 
  the deal was made to help the greece not to stop the migrants from reaching to western europe you can already do that yourselves . 
   `` anyone in turkey who calls for violence against members of the german parliament should get an entry ban '' to germany . 
  how would you know who did that though ? 
  are you gon na start stalking people on social media like erdogan ? 
   turkey , which was formed out of the ottoman empire , insists the killings were a collective tragedy in which equal numbers of turks and armenians died but denies it meets legal requirements to be termed a genocide . 
  good journalism here btw ... 
  rarely see journalists bother to do this clarification . 
  imo racial profiling is fine as long as it 's not abused . 
  untrue , wikipedia is not a source it 's a place where you start to look for a source . 
  for example d3po should have gave the source that wikipedia took that statement from becuase wikipedia itself is not a source .
