  as i said hdp made it too easy to have a sound case against them . 
  erdogan could n't have done this without public support and hdp made a lot of people angry with their actions . 
  turks are very sensitive about how you view the terrorist attacks so it is a terrible idea for an elected representative to literally join funerals of suicide bombers . 
  so you have no answer . 
  i guess people like you are always hypocritical . 
  i gave you a similar scenario and asked if you would be okay with it since you classify hdp 's actions as civic protests yet you list me unrelated stuff . 
  if you have no answer you can just ignore the comment you do n't need to embarrass yourself by trying to list every bad thing about turkey . 
  it just makes you hard to take seriously . 
  however it 's always hilarious to see you guys try to `` but muh country better ! '', 
  argument when it 's not even relevant . 
  did n't know abortion was not allowed in israel . 
  i thought they were better than this . 
   maybe , just maybe , if the turks stopped their decades of oppression and allowed the kurdish people self-determination , then there would be no acts of terrorism . 
  no shit maybe if europe submitted to islam and brought islamic rule there would be no acts of terrorism as well . 
  kurds and turks are equal citizens and are politically represented . 
  giving in to demands of the terrorists will simply legitimize terrorism just blow up some bombs and get what you want how nice . 
  also would you say the same for aboriginal australians ? 
  do they have autonomy ? 
  self-determination is simply bullshit i am technically a minority i am an atheist and unrepresented in this country so i hate erdogan i do n't want him to be our president and so does half of the country but no that does n't mean we can cut the nation in half and govern ourselves that 's simply silly . 
  you just took the bait . 
  hdp are hypocrites they are lying pieces of shits . 
  in western turkey they preached egalitarianism , lgbt rights , feminism and democracy to get support from us leftists turks then they go east and preach anti-turkish and separatism . 
  they have only one single goal which is bringing self-rule to kurdistan whether by force , trickery or in the turkish parliament . 
  they do n't give a rats ass about democracy , feminism , minority rights , and egalitarianism if you want proof go ahead and try to find a one thing they did for lgbt rights or egalitarianism etc. . . in turkey . 
  every single speech demirtas did after getting in to parliament was about autonomy . 
  all of them were just empty words . 
  if i come across as angry becasue i am one of the guys who were tricked by these assholes . 
  i supported them publicly did not vote but really wished that they succeed at passing the threshold then saw their true face after how they reacted to numerous terrorist attacks in turkey . 
  they did n't condemn them instead hailed the attackers as heroes and conducted funerals for them . 
  some mps were literally caught financing pkk with the salary given by the state . 
  these people are as despicable as erdogan . 
  giving kurds a country will not end the war . 
  this war is entirely about pkk 's terrorism . 
  people will never be satisfied until the big guys are arrested and locked up alongside their beloved apo the child murderer . 
  pkk is the main reason for people being agaist giving kurds independence because nobody wants to reward terrorists despite from an objective viewpoint southeast turkey is very underdeveloped , people are undereducated and barely pay their taxes or water/electricity bills . 
  we basically spend money to keep that sorry excuse of a land . 
  do n't think people really care if we keep southeast or not i certainly do n't people are only obsessed about pkk . 
  it reached to the point that anything pkk wants is automatically seen as bad . 
  i am organizing civic protests to bring sharia law to slovakia . 
  will also bring some al-qaeda members to give speeches and hang some flags with osama bin laden 's face around the city hope it 's okay with you . 
  it 's just a civic protest right ? 
  no biggie ... 
  they brought it to themselves not even chp could have protected them . 
  hdp openly supported pkk they singlehandly fucked this country by allowing erdogan to make a very easy case agaist them . 
  in my all years i have seen many parties but never seen a one that 's dumber than hdp . 
  they could have been the party who fixed the kurdish problem , we thought we finally had a new leftist party in the parliament but nope all they did was parrot pkk propaganda and publicly conduct funerals for terrorists . 
  they preached brotherhood and peace in west while preached war and separatism at east . 
  they were as scummy as erdogan one day both demirta\u015f and erdogan will share the same cell and this country will finally be safe from traitors . 
  he 'll shut up in a week just ignore him . 
   even belgium openly admitted that pkk are n't terrorist , stop playing that overused card . 
  while they arrest them ? 
  it seems you are just uninformed next time read some stuff . 
  http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/belgian-police-raid-pkk-offices-arrest-29-women-in-operation-8626732 http://www.dw.com/en/belgian-authorities-raid-houses-and-businesses-associated-with-the-pkk/a-5319300 http://ekurd.net/mismas/articles/misc2010/3/turkey2590.htm what belgium said was pro-pkk rallies were not terrorism which is reasonable . 
  i am not surprised that you failed to understand the difference you people generally only read titles . 
   everyone knows that pkk and ypg are linked . 
  still european and american governments still cooperates with ypg , and not with turkey . 
  lol you are hilarious . 
  yeah european and american governments does n't cooperate with turkey while conducting the entire anti-isis operation from turkey . 
  seriously man get informed and read . 
  it 'll save you from future embarrassments . 
  you do not even know what us refuses to land their aircrafts in rojava because they do not trust them instead they do it in turkey . 
   the pkk is n't the terrorist protagonist and has n't sent weapons and men to isis . 
  and here 's another proof of you being ignorant . 
  if you even even read one decent article about the subject you would know that the weapons turkey sent to syria were going to groups like ahrar al-sham and their allies not isis . 
  turkish weapon crates were caught at the hatay-syria border now i am sure you know what a map is right ? 
  google syrian civil war map and see which faction holds around the hatay border . 
  is it isis or someone else ? 
  i am making you do this so you would learn to look for information . 
  i also love how you added men just so it would sound worse . 
  damn turks !, 
  not only they send weapons to isis they also send men !, 
  it is always fun to respond people who do not even know the basics . 
  oh wow you are seriously a lost cause you can not even differentiate kurds and pkk and it seems like you do not even understand what context is too . 
  let 's try explaining slowly again maybe you will get it this time . 
  the context here is the comment i responded to try that context button next time . 
  simply stopping the fight against pkk for the sake of ending the conflict is undesirable it is entirely pointless to stop without getting some results . 
  independence is fine hell it is even better for us . 
  southeast is underdeveloped the people are mostly stuck in 20 . century uneducated and have 6 kids in average while on the top of all this the land having zero natural resources . 
  we waste more money by keeping it however unless pkk is dismantled granting independence would just make fighting pkk harder since obviously we would be unable to conduct operations in the southeast anymore and it would lead to pkk leaders going free which can not be allowed . 
  pkk will not just disappear simply because kurds get independent so there has to be compromise either kurds must extradite these people on the table or the fighting going go on until they are caught . 
   you want everyone on the kurdish side to be held accountable while everyone on the turkish side goes free . 
  the only reason for that demand is to make independence less viable . 
  first you purposefully put words to my mouth now you lie how despicable you can get exactly ? 
  do you have no dignity ? 
   majority of the perpetrators of those events are already dead unlike pkk we keep changing leadership rapidly . 
  if you know anybody you 're free to name them so i can give my opinion i do n't know anybody who was directly involved in any massacres that 's still alive and in office . 
  is this not what i wrote ? 
  how is this saying i want turkish side to go free ? 
  here 's tip next time if you want to be taken seriously do n't lie in your fucking comment i am okay with war criminals being prospected go on name someone who is still in the office that deserves to be prosecuted i 'll wait . 
  if you gon na say erdogan it is us who 's gon na prosecute that fucking traitor not kurds . 
  if you gon na put words to my mouth i 'll just take my leave then . 
  anybody who 's sane understood what i meant the upvotes are the proof of that . 
  if all you understood from what i wrote is i desire eternal conflict then the problem is your lack of understanding what you read not me . 
  what is outrageous about wanting the terrorist leaders to be arrested ? 
  pkk is not the legitimate representative of kurds they are some terrorist organization who uses kurdish people 's will for self-rule to their advantage . 
  i did n't contradict with myself at all i am fine with kurds getting independence but that does n't mean i am okay with pkk going free and the most peaceful way to do that would be if kurds simply extradite them to us on the negotiation table however if giving independence means we have to let pkk go then i rather have that eternal conflict . 
  in a nutshell i am supportive of giving kurds independence not admitting defeat . 
  maybe the concept is hard to grasp if you did n't lose anybody to terrorism but i did . 
  i do n't blame the kurds for it but i blame pkk and want the perpetrators prosecuted for it . 
  realistically it is also the only way kurds will ever get their independence .
