  we 're letting syrians in to save their lives they do n't have a single benefit to us . 
   those turkish soldiers have artillery , air support and tanks , but the government do n't want to do anything across the border . 
  does n't mean shit when they hold thousands of people hostage . 
  the moment turkish soldiers tried to shoot them it would have turned to a carnage . 
  the rest of them would fire on civilians . 
  there was nothing that turkish military could have done at this time . 
  we could n't take them in since we 're already full and if we fired on isis militants there would certainly be innocent casualties . 
  lol do n't even bother thinking about it turkey will never enter eu . 
  i 'm an ex-muslim and this kind of shit boggles my mind . 
  i was taught that murder was the literally the biggest sin in islam yet these people joining a funeral of a someone who was planing for a murder . 
  would goats suffice ? 
  wait what ? 
  correct but that was not the argument of the person i responded which is why i said it was a poor argument . 
  what you said completely invalidates the geographical location of the country which is how it should be . 
  turkey 's geographical location in not the reason why they 're not allowed in to eu yet . 
  yeah why is greece and bulgaria not part of turkey ? 
  we should fix that ... 
  welp sorry for not knowing where you are slovenia ... 
  yeah for example a lot of people praised that japanese engineer who committed suicide after an accident on the bridge he was working on . 
  that 's a poor argument considering cyprus is in eu . 
  because you guys do n't want us !, 
  we have a lot of snow . 
  turkey is wierd at summers it 's too hot and at winter it 's too cold . 
  drives me mad tbh ... 
  no idea man all i know is we had nothing to do with it . 
  * whistles *, 
  lol we just admire japan . 
  nobody gives or knows two shits about japanese culture/history in turkey . 
  except maybe weebs ... 
  less talk more euromonies pls . 
  interesting ... 
  most of those are actually valid questions i expected more ridiclous stuff . 
  so you want austria over us huh usa ? 
  we of course !, 
  muhahahahahaha, 
   turkey expert and kurdistan correspondent well i bet this article is not biased at all !, 
   but many turks felt as if an idea was planted in their brain -- an idea they would have to get used to . 
  fearing a secularism-free constitution would be the first step towards introducing shariah law nobody sane thought that people just thought he was an massive idiot but okay let 's continue reading ...  from the very first day the akp won its first elections in 2011 , lol this woman who calls herself `` turkey expert '' does not even know akp first elected in 2002 but whatever let 's continue reading . 
   initial democratic reforms were no more than a cloth to cover their hidden agenda : to introduce shariah law in turkey . 
  they must do very poor job at bringing this sharia then since akp had more deputies before , they could have brought sharia if they wanted but now they need to collaborate with other parties to change the constitution . 
   turks who now speak out for secularism apparently do n't see that it is exactly this turkish form of ` secularism ' that put their country in this situation in the first place . 
  what does that even mean in the first place ? 
   one of the key institutions that is at the akp 's disposal is diyanet , the directorate for religious affairs . 
  it was once installed by ataturk to control the influence of religion . 
  if you define secularism as the separation of state and religion , which is the most common definition , turkey is n't secular at all . 
  * facepalm *  from the early years of the republic , state and mosque have been closely intertwined . 
  all mosques are state-owned , all imams are state-employed and for decades , the friday sermons were centrally written and distributed . 
  yeah look at europe and see how the non-state owned mosques turn out . 
   the religious curriculum at primary and secondary schools is obligatory and defined by the state . 
  it focuses solely on the state 's preferred version of sunni islam , thus getting children of parents of another faith or atheist parents in trouble it 's not obligatory your parents can make a request and you 'll exempt of the religion classes just as how it 's in many european nations . 
  the rest of article is complete bogus this person has no idea what she 's talking about akp is not out to bring sharia they wo n't touch the secular constitution . 
  akp 's aim is to turn the nation to a russia-like autocracy not to iran . 
  i 'm confused are you talking about pkk entering schengen ? 
  since that 's the only terrorist organization that 's consists of turkish citizens ... 
  what 's stopping anybody from breaking the rules ? 
  or are you implying the glorious master european race would respect the rules but anybody else would n't ? 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cry ... 
  umm ... turkey supports kurds having a state in iraq . 
  i think poles mixed iraq and syria . 
   ( 1 ) a valid concern but i highly doubt europe would grant free-visa travel without the 72 objective criteria is fulfilled . 
  i heard only few left and those will be handled today . 
   ( 2 ) i fail to see how does visa-free travel change that . 
  europe harbored pkk militants and even leaders before and refused to give them back to turkey . 
  how does visa-free travel help asylum seekers ? 
  also is n't that what you want in the first place ? 
  granting asylum to your favorite terrorists ? 
  saving them from `` tyranny '' of the turks ? 
   ( 3 ) yeah sure ... where are these hardcore islamists exactly ? 
  and europe already has isis cells . 
  do it now . 
  so many unexpected stuff happened you wo n't last until tomorrow unless you cut your connection from social media . 
   two most obvious problems i can see coming are which both of them are bullshit since visa-free travel does not make any of them easier than before . 
  getting visa was not hard only stupidly time consuming . 
  anybody who 're persistent could have got one . 
  what stopped them from staying and illegally working before ? 
  also there is a reason biometric passports exist you know ...  much bigger problem is that turkey might just stop accepting their own citizens back , or be very selective about who are they accepting . 
  and you 're making that assumption based on what ? 
  your ass ? 
  so then why are they waiting the visa free travel ? 
  if there is a horde of turks that want to illegally work in europe why are they not going ? 
  a guy from africa is able to illegally pass to europe and live there . 
  visa-free travel does not make illegal immigration any easier . 
  if illegal turkish immigrants does not exist now it 'll continue that way if the visa-free travel actually happens . 
  are you having difficulty reading ? 
  yes which is better . 
  more tourists and businessmen for your country . 
  what do you think 90 visa-free travel will be used for ? 
  do you guys hate money or something ? 
  have you ever asked yourself why turkish tourists in europe is so scarce despite they being your neighbor ? 
  that would be good for germany because it would make them rich . 
  do you even know what free-visa travel is ? 
  what kind of 18-24 olds manage to give a birth in germany soil in 90 days ? 
  yeah 75 million of us are waiting at the border for free visa travel . 
  i 'm typing this from my phone in a tent with the rest of the army . 
  when it finally happens the turkish invasion will continue !, 
  this time we 're passing vienna !, 
   isis is sunni , most turks are sunni . 
  % 83 of muslims are sunni that includes most of kurds as well so your argument is retarded as it can get but whatever . 
   they share a border and a common enemy ( kurds ) so it makes sense . 
  we do not need crazy jihadist terrorists to fight pkk so no it does n't make sense .
