  just look at his history i see the guy in every post that has any relevance to turkey and he always comments the same stuff . 
  why do n't they just pump police officers in to these `` no-go '' zones and enforce order ? 
  things must be pretty fucked up if women literally ca n't walk in the streets . 
  turkey ca n't even end up like syria in an alternate reality where dinosaurs still alive and humans have wings . 
  yeah but i have higher standards for european countries . 
  that would be nice . 
  that 's not the point . 
  it is irrelevant whether putin is dictator or not he is a threat to all of us . 
  nato ca n't look unstable we need to keep these silly disputes outside of nato . 
  nato is not `` make sure your allies are democratic club '' it has a purpose and it 's collective defence from outside forces . 
  it really does n't matter where the summit is hosted but i would prefer it to be close to russia however saying `` we do n't want to host the summit in turkey because we do n't approve turkish government 's internal policies '' is very irresponsible because it brings nato in to this stupid dick measuring contest we are having . 
  sounds like an excuse . 
  the last summit was in warsaw and i doubt most nato countries really support the internal policies of pis . 
  sure i get that but bringing nato summit in to that silly dispute is a bad idea even worse when there are a lot going around the world . 
  if we are already having troubles deciding where to hold the summit nato really looks unstable . 
  why does it matter where it is hosted ? 
   `` we do not want to enhance turkey 's international credentials and [ we want to ] avoid the impression that nato supports the turkish government 's internal policy , '' a high-ranking nato diplomat told die welt . 
  that 's a rather shitty thing to say nato has no business with internal relations of member countries the last summit was in warsaw does that mean nato supports current polish government 's internal policies ? 
  i doubt that ... 
  paradox games is your answer . 
  most likely crusader kings 2 . 
  when your goverment is with these guys you kinda learn more about them than people who are kilometers away . 
  it is not rocket science my dude . 
  well if you do n't want to get informed it is your choice but do n't spread misinformation then . 
  me being turkish only implies is that i am more informed about the topic . 
  i do n't support such groups because i am an atheist . 
  the distinction is important because one is committing terrorist acts across the globe while one is only concerned with syria . 
  `` it 's all the same '' is never a good stance to have for anything . 
  they are not jihadists though . 
  are they waging a holy war against infidels like isis ? 
  they are concerned with bringing islamist goverment to syrian not waging a jihad . 
  at least not right now ... 
  suadis actually do not arm isis they are with al-qaeda they arm groups like al-nusra in syria isis is actually their rival . 
  i mean trucks are not turkish so we played ourselves ... 
  go to a video about crusaders and check the comments . 
  youtube comments are always like that . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11ni2-s9gli, 
  there are so many crazy ottoman empire maps that i have no idea why they exist . 
  sipping my \u00c7ay in ~ ~ constantinople ~ ~ istanbul right now . 
  there is an anti-goverment revolution going in rojava which is why they are there . 
  i know we are arguing technicalities here but they would n't fight jihadists if it were n't for them also i am pretty sure if this rojava was in middle of europe and their opponents were european governments they would still join them . 
  segregation is discussed in europe damn what a time to be alive . 
  so let me get this straight muslim commits a terroristic act and he is hopeless anyone else does and they are insane and can be helped with therapy ? 
   intermarriages between christians and muslims were prohibited in the ottoman empire , and these 400 years were the worst years for greece . 
  there never was a law like that just religious folk getting pissy with people marrying infidels . 
  it was pretty common though as well not a taboo at all once again you are misinforming people you are doing this shit in this sub all the time . 
  you should ease of your hatred of turks and look at history in a more objective view . 
  we get it ottomans were bad for greece you do n't need to bring that up when it is not relevant . 
   for some reason you think that it was only greece ? 
  i 've never seen a turk claim that he has similarities with people that he 's actually similar with , like kurds or caucasus people . 
  at least you confirmed my assumption of you barely interacting with turks . 
  so you admit they are the same otherwise you would n't bring them up no ? 
  volunteering to be imprisoned in a death camp . 
  what a fucking badass holy shit . 
  [ when eu says turkey can get in ] ( https://i.redd.it/sehy0puu0pzy.jpg ) . 
  lost in translation . 
  in turkish `` ba\u011f\u0131ms\u0131zl\u0131k '' both means independence and sovereignty the war was more about taking back our sovereignty the ottomans gave to allies by signing the treaty of serves . 
  no we were attacked by isis not nusra who erdogan helped get your facts right while actions of uk and us directly helped the rise of isis with their actions in middle-east . 
  6 out of 10 comments on reddit was that bro and i am pretty sure reddit counts as west . 
  have you seen anybody reading akit in your entire life ? 
  akit is an internet meme . 
  they can get away with writing crazy shit because only crazy people read them . 
  they are always in the bottom 5 in sales and their tv channel is only able to get some islamic ads because nobody watches it . 
  despite being pro-akp they even got fined a few times cuz even they are fed up with thier bullshit . 
  meh many people said the same when turkey was attacked by isis as well . 
  also akit and g\u00fcne\u015f are pretty obscure newspapers that i believe only people with severe mental illnesses read . 
  wish they asked turkey too . 
  i wonder how much of turkey would actually willing to aid nato allies against russia if we are not being invaded . 
  why ? 
  please explain . 
  the reasoning is solid just look at the other major religions . 
  christianity ? 
  people literally pray to jesus and his face is everywhere in churches ? 
  praying in front of buddha statues is pretty common . 
  islam is a religion that 's very strict about having one god and no other godlike or demigod beings . 
  so drawing mohammed is a direct insult to core beliefs of islam plus why does it matter ? 
  it is clear that muslims are offended do you question why a swear word is offensive ? 
  i can understand satirists drawing mohammed because making social commentary why do you want to to draw him ? 
  who said anything about the law ? 
  this is about common fucking decency you do not go and randomly insult people do you ? 
  nobody gon na jail for insulting people but that wo n't change that people gon na see you as an asshole . 
  it is not fucking rocket science it is offensive to muslims and there is no instance in your life that you would need to draw mohammed other than piss of muslims it is not that hard to not deliberately piss of people . 
  satirists have good reasons for wanting to draw mohammed what is your excuse other than wanting to piss of people ? 
  you can draw whatever you want you can also say whatever you want but do n't be surprised when people are upset . 
  the problem here is only reason anybody would draw mohammed is to piss of muslims . 
  i mean there is even a `` draw mohammed day '' now . 
  it is similar to n word stuff in us if it makes it easier for you to understand . 
  it is just offensive for historical reasons . 
  it is a taboo because of reasons . 
  mohammed fought idolaters for most of his life . 
  he did n't want himself to turned to idol with sculptures and pictures . 
  most muslims would give jesus as a example of a prophet being turned to idol so mohammed 's drawings were banned to prevent the same fate . 
  honestly i am ex-muslim i hate a lot in islam but it is not that hard to no to fucking draw a guy from thousands of years ago . 
  so i would say it is one of the reasonable requests . 
  that does n't mean it ca n't be though i mean jesus was a pretty radical pacifist also i would take cruelty of pacifism over cruelty of war . 
  because most religious people listen to clerics instead of reading and reaching to conclusions about their religion themselves so if all clerics preach peace it would greatly affect people . 
  there is a reason why in many religions there is sects that very peaceful while some that are very violent . 
  it is all the affect of the cleric . 
  more orthodox priests like this less of the ones who bless weapons and soldiers . 
  clerics should be radical pacifists ...
