  when will you write a decent article ? 
  stop trying to use erdogan 's comment to criticize turkey 's neutrality in ww2 . 
  despite both sides doing everything they can to force turkey in to the war \u0130n\u00f6n\u00fc managed to keep this country away from it until the last days of the war . 
  never ever compare the two \u0130n\u00f6n\u00fc knew what diplomacy was unlike erdogan and saved millions turkish lives with his actions . 
  also if we gon na compare who was more nazi in fucking 1940 obviously it is germany not turkey . 
  everyday i think independent ca n't be more shit but they prove it wrong . 
  like how can you fuck up an article about erdogan 's comments ? 
  all you got ta do is show that germany netherlands are democratic and free nations so erdogan is full of shit . 
  he did n't praise the coup he said people should n't leave their houses in the coup time for erdogan and to be fair we really did n't know it was gulen at that time . 
  read the freaking article he is not making threats . 
  i swear this place turned to r/worldnews tier too . 
  he is making the same old bullshit statements aimed at turks . 
  at least they being inept morons causes less damage . 
  you are . 
  for example greeks completely destroyed the anatolian culture and forcefully hellenized people . 
  not even a single native language survived . 
  just like any empire greeks forcefully subjugated countries via conquest . 
  only reason it does n't sound that bad is because it sounds normal for it 's time while ottoman and colonial empires lived past the enlightenment age . 
   which half ? 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  it is no secret that vienna was about to fall until polish managed to reach the siege site thanks to the betrayal of crimean army and managed to stop ottomans . 
   they were alone at vienna the first time and it did not fall . 
  first siege was not serious the goal was to just test the waters and secure hungary completely . 
  also habsburg empire was never alone against ottomans . 
  spanish empire sent a lot of soldiers for the the defense of vienna . 
   the next two times the ottomans failed to even reach vienna . 
  which two are you even talking about vienna was sieges twice in the first place and both times they reached the city . 
  it is cute that you think that 's high number of rebellions someone does n't know his history . 
  lol go count the rebellions and come back . 
  for an empire ottomans had very few uprisings . 
  majority of serious rebellions were in last 100 years of the empire which we call decline period for a reason . 
  before that only serious rebellions were from janisseries almost never from subjects . 
  no they did n't . 
  they defeated the ottomans with the help of half of the europe . 
  if they were alone vienna would have fell . 
  but why ? 
  when did a turkish muslim did anything to anyone in the modern world ? 
  there are barely any turkish muslim terrorists ... 
  you do not murder the friend of a serial killer out of revenge . 
  i do not want your worthless pity i want you to understand that it is wrong to kill innocents . 
  i want you to understand that being victim does not mean you can be free from criticism when you commit crimes . 
  this is how oppressed quickly becomes the oppressors and your revenge argument is silly when the balkan countries were only successfully managed to fight of ottomans after centuries long rule . 
  the worst of ottomans they personally faced was high taxes and discrimination even devsirme practices were gone like hundred years ago . 
  they only killed or kicked people out to feel like superiors for once . 
  what is your point exactly ? 
  do you even read before commenting ? 
  you claimed ottoman empire contributed nothing to the world and i posted enough proof that they did why the hell do you expect greece a colony of the empire to be the center of science and academics in ottoman empire ? 
  you do not want your colonies to progress you just want to leach their resources including their brightest for you own benefits . 
  of course when you are not under a colonial rule you 'll progress slower . 
  i gave british as an example because it is the same with any empire no empire contributed to their colonial subjects . 
  i did not dispute your point about balkans being held back by ottoman empire what i disputed was your silly claim of ottoman empire just conquering around and not having any contribute to human society . 
  sure bro whatever floats your boat . 
  if you can not even see what is wrong with killing simple peasants you are beyond saving . 
  must be something wrong with your upbringing i guess . 
  really feel bad for you . 
  you can not even comprehend the difference between attacking someone , burning his house down simply because they are muslim/turk and fighting against oppressive invaders . 
  just do n't stab kids in your basement with that bloodlust and get help you are clearly not normal . 
  lol i guess someone never heard of dracula ? 
  but let me guess he impaled turks so it is okay since we already established that you were racist monster . 
  welp gon na stop there because i think you are trolling me . 
  i refuse to believe someone is this stupid or inhumane in 21 . century . 
  i am sorry but it seems like i was right to blame the education system of greece because you reached to that conclusions simply based on your lack of information on this subject . 
  there were many ottoman scientists and very marvelous products of ottoman architecture . 
  greece was essentially a colony of ottoman empire you think all those colonial empires left anything good behind to their colonical dominions ? 
  no they did n't . 
  they were there to steal away your resources and people not to help your progress . 
  you think british left any good legacy in india ? 
  you think any european empire left anything good in africa ? 
  please educate yourself before making ignorant comments like this one . 
  even today many scholars visit turkey simply to read the works of ottoman scientists in the libraries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/science_and_technology_in_the_ottoman_empire http://www.muslimheritage.com/article/ottoman-contributions-science-and-technology https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_architecture, 
  fucking disgusting reported for call for supporting massacres and forced deportations of civilians . 
  do n't even fake any concern for armenains if you ca n't even see anything wrong with killing or kicking out people simply because they moved there when ottomans were ruling because clearly you do n't value human life . 
  why are you spreading misinformation ? 
  justin mccarthy not once denied any genocide . 
  like really are you that low that you want to slander a scholar simply because what he said does n't fit what you want to believe ? 
  he fully accepts the armenian genocide but also points out that armenians and greeks were not the sole victims of atrocities in ottoman empire . 
  armenian genocide is a fact so is the ethnic cleansing and forced deportations of of ottoman muslims . 
  accept and move on this hypocritical outlook to history only ruins your credibility and makes your concern for the victims just feel fake . 
  i agree but pretty much every empire is shitty imo . 
  empires by their core definition are evil . 
  people who claim ottoman empire were good to minorities are deluded but so are the people who claim ottoman empire somehow stood alive for 600 years by just pure brutality . 
  i bet the comments are great . 
  eh if you do n't know history sure . 
  do you guys not even taught about the colonial empires ? 
  like come on dude that 's literally basic history . 
  with what army ? 
  europe does n't have any power to invade anywhere . 
  you should ease up the paradox games dude . 
  europe is not us or russia . 
  only uk has a military that can handle an actual offensive action and they already abandoned ship , sided with turkey in cyprus dispute and do n't give a fuck about kurds . 
  nah he is same with an avarage turk . 
  if you 're gay he 'll keep his distance however if his son is gay nowhere in hell he 'll accept it . 
  this is the mentality of majority of turks i am pretty sure he has the same mental state . 
  meh before erdogan there was diffrent problems like cyprus . 
  makes sense . 
  voting should be in a neutral place but they still should n't refuse to vote if it ca n't be helped . 
  i guess you are right he never tackled lgbt community like putin did . 
  he simply lets them be . 
  the problem is turkey is pretty homophobic already so erdogan being neutral does not help at all since you really need to hide being gay if you do n't want to get harassed and kicked out of your family .
