  joining pkk does not mean she 's going anywhere . 
  pkk has camps all around the europe as well how do you think they smuggle stuff through eu ? 
  here is a [ recent attack ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/pkk-bomb-attack-hits-public-offices-hospital-in-turkeys-southeast.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=90197&amp;newscatid=341 ) to an hospital . 
  here is a [ great post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3g9kxl/very_disturbing_video_of_kurdish_workers/ctw84eo?context=3 ) that complied some of the atrocities pkk committed . 
  that violence is the only answer and every single atrocity is justified if it will bring them closer to what they want . 
  like child soldiers , kidnappings of innocent citizens for ransom or outright targeting civilians to spread terror , drug and weapon smuggling , burning hospitals , schools cars etc. . . 
  good , pkk already led astray thousands of young women to their sick ideology . 
  it 's something even if we can stop just one young person from joining . 
  he is n't . 
  that happened a month ago and it was just one shelling but the article claims turkey is literally shelling the shit out of ypg . 
  which is non-factual and just propaganda . 
  check every news site you know and see if you can find a recent shelling by turkey . 
  lol no the reason refugees do n't stay in turkey is because we do n't let them work . 
  they do n't want to go syria they want to create a new life elsewhere and they ca n't do in in turkey so the ones that have no intention to go back to syria migrate to europe . 
   they also sell smuggled oil turkey has been [ trying to crack down ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/06/isis-oil-money_n_5938472.html ) the oil smuggling for quite some time . 
  it 's true that private turkish companies bought oil from the smugglers but blaming the literal government of doing is just wrong . 
  smugglers are bad for erdogan . 
   allow them to cross the border pkk has been passing the border for 30 years why does when isis does it suddenly turkey is letting them in ? 
  after the suruc bombing the border was tightened a lot but i guess you stuck in 2013 . 
  they were n't let go why are you making stuff up ? 
   besides that one operates in syria most pkk camps are in either syria or iraq and they always ran to syria border when turkish soldiers pursue him . 
  the syrian government used to allow turkish military to conduct operations in their soil towards pkk but guess what ypg does n't allow that . 
   fights isis pkk also fights isis half of ypg soldiers are originally pkk militants they joined ypg to aid them . 
   and has n't carried out any terrorists attacks against turkey ever . 
  which is why there is n't a huge military operation towards them but that does n't mean we are not hostile to allies of our enemy . 
  i 'm not saying that i am saying they never used the jarabulus border to attack . 
  those bombings would still happen if isis were at tibet but ypg using the border points they control to assist pkk . 
  the bombings by isis happened in suruc and ankara . 
  the suruc bomber was a turkish kurd he did n't come from syria and ankara bomber was his brother . 
   is the bbc a mouthpiece for pkk as well ? 
  should we only accept turkish reports . 
  is there something wrong with my english ? 
  because it seems like we 're having a communication problem right now . 
  that article is talking about one of the two shelling turkey did towards ypg few months ago while the article that op posted claims turkey started shelling ypg this thursday . 
  i asked for another source that claims that one . 
  why do i need to repeat myself thrice ? 
  this is really getting ridiculous i feel like i 'm talking to a wall . 
   so because i 'm not in favor of turkey attacking the ypg , i 'm pro-pkk lol you serious ? 
  ypg is off-shot of pkk same ideology , allied , half of their militants are from pkk . 
  their leaders are basically friends and even family members being pro-ypg is basically being pro-pkk . 
  there is literally zero difference between each other . 
  what you said is like saying `` just because i 'm not in favor of nigeria bombing boko-haram does n't mean i 'm pro-isis '' . 
   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34645462 do you have short attention span ? 
  look at when the article relesed it 's talking about the shelling that i told you just few minutes ago !, 
  i asked for an article that talks about that non-existent attack at 23:15 of thursday night . 
  god i 'm really starting to understand why you 're pro-pkk now ...  who would n't prefer oppression at the bootheels or erdogan 's soldiers ??? 
  the ones that voted for him all the cities pkk attacked had either hdp or akp voters guess why there is n't any pro-kurdish chp ? 
   it 's clear that for someone who self describes as anti-government , you 're full of shit . 
  ah i see we 're nearing the end of the argument . 
  insults are starting to come good i was bored of typing the same stuff anyway . 
   i forgot that only sources apporved by the turkish government are legitimate . 
  nope any source that 's not run by pkk is alright . 
   we should take erdogan 's word for it ??? 
  lmao are you for real ? 
  dude and here i thought you were informed . 
  ypg is part of [ kck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/group_of_communities_in_kurdistan ) which is a pkk led coalition against turkey . 
  ypg is openly allied with pkk this is n't some allegation by erdogan . 
   i 'm sure if turkey carries out a genocide against kurds , there would be plenty of mouth pieces like you justifying that as well . 
  yeah which is why overwhelming majority of kurds in turkey want pkk gone right ? 
  it 's clear that you do n't know much about this topic go and do some research from various sources . 
  you still treating this source as genuine ? 
  lmao ... also ypg is ally of pkk just as how taliban was ally of al-qaeda so despite taliban not attacking us , us attacked them . 
  if turkey ever decides to start an operation against ypg they have all the right to do it but since ypg is supported by the anti-isis coalition turkey is holding it 's hand . 
  anyway you ca n't find another source with the same times given in this source because attack like that never happened . 
  the last shelling of ypg was a few weeks back when they tried to advance towards syrian side of turkey border with isis . 
   isil would pour into turkey and a civil war would erupt , and then erdogan would find himself in the same position as assad dude isis controls that border for a year now . 
  they did n't do anything . 
  they know enough to expansion to turkey would be their doom and that scenario is impossible because turkey has a stable and very powerful military . 
  isis can never `` pour '' in to turkey they can only infliltrate and do terorrist attacks just like in ankara and suruc . 
  pkk existed years before erdogan came to power he used to be freaking pro-pkk but they betrayed him now pkk is felling his furry . 
  i 'm smart enough to know that destroying pkk wo n't mean the sepertist movement will go away but enough is enough pkk made it clear many times that they have no intention of peace this has nothing to do with erdogan 's despicable ideas to drag turkey to open conflict with syria . 
  isis has been controlling jarabulus for quite some time when is the last time they tried to advance the border ? 
  now let 's look at turkish cities that are near the ypg border all of them are hit in the recent months . 
  it 's just fact that isis has no intention to advance to turkey right now and the border is going to be taken soon anyway . 
   because your propaganda line that turkey does nothing wrong and all kurds are terrorist is so much better . 
  straw man , never claimed turkey is an innocent snowflake . 
  i 'm anti-goverment for fucks sake . 
   i you had bothered to read the article , you would know that trukey is attacking the ypg google anf news and learn what it is . 
  it 's basically pkk 's news network . 
  not pro-pkk literally pkk . 
  the truth is turkey shelled ypg twice for trying to take the last border point to turkey from syria . 
  the rest is all propaganda . 
  sorry this shit is just going too far everyday i find someone trying to do pkk propaganda on reddit . 
  i just can ignore it anymore there is a difference between criticizing turkish government for it 's syria policy and supporting terrorists that has been terrorizing our nation for years . 
   biased are you doing a comedy sketch right now ? 
  bro just look at your sources and tell me with a straight face they 're alright . 
  at least it 's good to see that pkk sympathizers ca n't argue . 
  ah return of the completely misleading articles . 
  why do n't you also mention that those kurds that 's fighting isis also [ ethnically cleansing ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/press-releases/2015/10/syria-us-allys-razing-of-villages-amounts-to-war-crimes/ ) the land for their new glorious kurdistan ? 
  also your source is hilarious . 
  you aware that you just posted literally news network of pkk right ? 
  i bet isis ' news networks portray us as a demon that must be true as well . 
  letting ypg to control all borders is an horrible idea it 's better if isis controls \u0130t also that border is going to taken by an operation that 's coordinated with us anyway . 
  there is right now a curfew in nusaybin becuase pkk attacked there . 
  that town is right near the border with ypg guess where they come from ? 
   unfortunately turkey turkey does not support isis anymore check your facts again . 
   saudi arabia note that the support of isis in saudi arabia does not come from king himself . 
  there are [ recordings ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k56tgkwdiy ) of isis literally capturing the dropped weapons . 
  note that he also includes the so called `` moderate '' rebels as well . 
  i had the impression of these people being dual citizens .
