  plus german colonial empire was not such a mess but i was not serious ofc . 
  so much border gore ... why ca n't westerners form empires like us that 's all connected and looks nice on the map ? 
  general population . 
  did n't feel like posting the source because it was covering pretty much entire world with diffrent type of questions so i was n't sure how to link the relevant part . 
  17 % for 59 % against 23 % neutral . 
  nobody is stopping you from moving to suadi arabia . 
  this needs to be copypasta . 
  there are legitimate reasons for not wanting refugees but come on man . 
   all i 'm saying is that turkey is no match agai n't russia then you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  turkey is n't invading russia in your supposed scenario russia does and they do n't have the logistics to occupy turkey . 
  in this imaginary scenario russia would find themselves bankrupt and thousands of their soldiers dead they would be forced to invade from black sea which would basically be suicide . 
  if russia is insane enough to literally bankrupt themselves and commit all their millitary they can probably win on paper but they can neither occupy nor control turkey when they can not even control chechnya . 
  all they can do is install a pro-russian goverment and in this scenario we are assuming turkey is not with nato so current goverment would be pro-russian from the get go . 
   i do not believe one bit that anyone in the west would enter into war agains ' t russia to protect turkey . 
  almost every single country on earth would go for turkey 's aid you have literally zero understanding of realpolitik if you honestly believe on what you said . 
  no country will allow russia to simply take control of turkey 's strategic location when russia is already seen as antagonistic and imperialist . 
  there is a reason why countries like suadi arabia get away with their shit and keep being allied to west . 
   nobody would bulge a muscle to protect turkey , nobody in the west , nobody in the east , nobody in the arab league . 
  lol all of them except east would join in day one . 
  a war between turkey and russia without it turning to a world war is simply impossible . 
  it seems that you lack the understanding of how the world works just look at syria even in a mere civil war entire world is in it you are simply mad if you think the world will just watch . 
  turkey being with russia would be disaster for entire west try looking at a map next time europe would be completely cut from asia by land , for arab league turkey is a massive asset since russia is with iran and shias they would absolutely not allow turkey to fall . 
  lol are we playing civilization here ? 
  the moment russia uses nukes is the moment entire world will be agaist them plus the argument was that they were gon na take back istanbul not destroy it . 
   do you really belive germany is supporting terrorists ? 
  it is not really a matter of belief germany 's stance on ypg is quite clear . 
   is it known that this black list of companys got retracted the moment germany pushed back against your goverment ? 
  it was just a list of companies that goverment suspected . 
  no action was going to be taken on the companies that `` black '' part was added by german media . 
   is this antagonistic view or germany/the eu really widespread or is it a media thing ? 
  yeah it is . 
  you know how there are a lot of right-wingers who think europe is bowing to muslims ? 
  well in turkey view to europe is like that many right wingers believe that turkey kept bowing to westerners until erdogan came . 
  mmm 15 million turks having access to europe sounds nice count me in . 
  well not supporting the terrorists who has been blowing bombs in this country for the last 40 years would be a good start . 
  erdogan is mostly at fault here but europe and us is n't making a good case for themselves . 
  hell even suadis are not actively sheltering the terrorists they support . 
  he fell on his face ? 
  when ? 
  dude basically earned the support of european turks by shitalking western countries he earned more than he lost . 
  it reached to the moment where germany and netherlands had to ban him and his party from organizing rallies . 
   i do n't think cooperation with erdogan is exactly popular in russia . 
  you likely will see that in the comments here . 
  common man 's opinion is worthless . 
  turkey was always the odd one in nato yet it never prevented a cooperation between other nato countries . 
  it would be the same with russia as well . 
   my statement is one that the current administration is fiercely overplaying their hand . 
  eh not really erdogan is an idiot but he knows his hand quite well . 
  all he does is shittalking he wo n't actually do anything . 
  erdogan needs to constantly stir up drama to keep people away from the problems of the country . 
  the guy did n't become president and stayed that long and even changed the constitution with dumb luck . 
  lol russia would bankrupt themselves if they even attempt doing anything as such . 
  you guys keep forgetting that you ai n't us . 
  are you even aware how long turkey has been in nato ? 
  how big of a part turkey plays in it ? 
  erdogan is not immortal he will go eventually but nato will stay and giving up on turkey simply because erdogan 's actions offended you is just plain stupid . 
  us would rather remove erdogan than leave turkey . 
   lol if he left nato we 'd carve the country up with russia . 
  he should n't kid himself . 
  except that turkey ai n't leaving nato so only one kidding himself here is you and even if he does turkey will simply defect to russian side . 
  realpolitik is not a game of risk . 
  go join isis then what are you waiting for ? 
  no crazy crusades . 
  orthodox church has a pretty clean history . 
   can i live in your house ? 
  i wo n't pay for anything of course , because it 's my human right . 
  do n't worry , if it becomes too bad as a result of my actions , and the quality of life decreases , i 'll just move somewhere else . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperbole come back when you are able make reasonable points . 
   dare i say - it 's a union ... for europeans ? 
  a union where you can have a polish and a german neighbor while living in stockholm . 
  you argued that where people belong is defined by their heritage . 
  do i need to say more ? 
  anyway you do not need to make up ridiclous arguments to rationalize your views man it just makes you look dumb just say you do not want middle-easterners in your country . 
  people can live wherever they want . 
  this heritage talk is pointless in this globalized world . 
  people migrate for economical reasons nobody gives a damn about heritage . 
  with that argument eu would n't even exist . 
  yeah well you can build a time machine and go back if you so desire i am pretty sure you would fit right in . 
  calm your ass if there is a misunderstanding you do n't need to act like a jerk when you are on the right . 
  i simply did n't see your other comments . 
  damn which nazi camp did you come from that you are n't even aware how citizenship works ? 
  you literally propose a discrimination based on ethnicity . 
  have you ever even glanced at german constitution before ? 
  your point is ? 
  it was german media who claimed that erdogan asked asylum in germany when coup was going if you were n't living under a rock you would know that we are living in an age where media is unreliable everywhere . 
  i would suggest you to learn what press freedom index is . 
  it is about freedom to write what you want it has nothing to do with the validity of what 's written . 
  having the best press freedom in the world does not mean you have the most reliable media on earth it just means that you wo n't be locked up if you criticize the goverment . 
  go back to english class . 
  german media has been caught lying about about a lot of things when it comes to turkey and this is simply another example . 
  all i did was state a fact based on evidence i did n't say anything about turkish media . 
  i am amazed that i had to explain this . 
  considering the current relations with turkey and germany . 
  german media is not that reliable on this behalf . 
  such a thing is simply not happening and it 's confirmed by even the opposition which would have been first to protest this . 
  he was talking about turkishminute it is a known to be g\u00fclenist . 
  it is the sucsessor of zaman the g\u00fclenist mouthpiece . 
  this is actually confirmed to be fabrication there is no investigation going on in any german companies . 
  i am surprised that anybody took this seriously 680 is such an obvious made up number that it 's simply hilarious they might as well said 1000 or all . 
  erdogan is not mad he is a tyrant things he do has reasons if something sounds too ridiclous it is probably not true and i doubt there are 680 german companies that somehow tied to gulenists or erdogan 's enemies .
