  they wear it by their own damn account it 's you who 're saying no if you 're blonde you ca n't dye your hair black even if you want to . 
   but in reality i want to restore their right to say no to these head-wears and the oppression of their rights in muslim societies . 
  wow you must be some kind of freedom fighter . 
  yeah you 're restoring their rights by taking their rights . 
  good ` ol war for peace logic ... 
  yes a turkish knockoff version of paypal is already up . 
  it 's named troy ... 
   but for me it symbolizes the suppression of women in the society . 
  for me you symbolize the oppression in the society . 
  you should have no place in developed world . 
  / s now does this make any sense ? 
  because that 's exactly what you said what you think it symbolized does not worth a single shit . 
  if the one who 's wearing does not share your opinion she can and should be able to wear it . 
  the reason why headscarves is banned in workplaces is because it 's an religious symbol not because some inteprit it as an suppression of women . 
  by the way you should rethink your stance in this because your opinion is more suppressive than the thing you 're against . 
   hateful social media postings in the vein of `` burn them all ! '', 
  yeah and those existed since the dawn of the social media and nobody gave a damn . 
  you can find racist groups on facebook that call for genocides literally in two seconds . 
  i 'm saying why do they decide to block these now . 
  can someone explain why europe is so inclined to censor anti-immigrant opinions ? 
  i mean anti-semitic and anti-islamic speech always existed in youtube , facebook , twitter etc. . . 
  but as soon as anti-immigrant speech got popular this happen . 
  there is nothing wrong with being an atheist i 'm atheist as well his speech was directed to kurds and the kurds that vote to him are generally religious so he was saying do n't associate with pkk they are atheists etc. . . 
  i thought danes knew good english relevant and important does n't mean the same thing my super duper dane friend . 
  we 're not having a piss contest here but i am not sure if you 're aware of that . 
  you made two incorrect statements and i corrected you and that 's about it . 
  well someone need to educate ignorant folk like you that past the bosporus in not arab land . 
  also [ we 're more relevant here than your country ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4jzrlp/number_of_times_countries_mentioned_on_reurope/ ) so you might as well browse r/denmark mate . 
  of course you can but why would you though ? 
  i find it as stupid as banning a certain hairstyle or wearing any headgear . 
  yeah according to turkey it was not really murderous apparently they died while getting deported because of varies reasons like diseases , raids , poor treatment etc. . . turkey claims that there was n't an intent to systemically exterminate armenian population just deport but they fucked it up . 
  hence turkey officially claims it was not a genocide nobody really denies that 600k-1m armenians died because of ottoman 's empire 's actions . 
  the debate is about if there was intent or not . 
  personally i find this stance silly like really it 's too damn convenient that they all die from diseases and raids . 
  a problem minority gets neutered enough to not be a threat anymore just by random tragic events ? 
  really ... 
  you 're acting like we 're not regulars in r/europe . 
  there is no magical turkish brigade that comes out of their holes when armenian genocide is mentioned . 
  in turkey we do n't give a shit about ethnicity it 's all about culture and identity otherwise there are probably at least 20 different ethnicities that identify as turk because of mass immigration of ottoman muslims to anatolia and assimilation . 
  so by our standards he is n't really a turk but ofc it has nothing to do with his opinions about armenian genocide . 
   a ) you help islamic terrorists you mean like rest of the western world ? 
   b ) russians don \u00b4 t go there anymore literally the reason that caused % 25 of the drop . 
   c ) it \u00b4 s unsafe as hell turkey is no more unsafe than belgium or france but you 're right the remaining % 3 is probably because of this . 
  if i did n't get blown up for living here for years you would n't get blown up for coming here for few days . 
   erdogan gave a speech calling for the blood of `` atheists '' ( and of `` zoroastrians '' ) . 
  he called pkk terrorists atheists and zoroastrians . 
  the speech was also directed at kurds if i may add ... 
  he was trying to make religious kurds stay away from pkk on his own retarded way . 
  this is like 20th time i caught you lying . 
  you really do n't have any credibility anymore ... maybe it 's time for a new propaganda account no ? 
  if you think that 's the reason why tourists stop coming to turkey you 're very mistaken . 
  nobody gives two shits about what turkey does in syria . 
  just as how nobody gave two shits about us 's mendling of middle-east since forever . 
  this is because of increased terrorism and shooting of the russian jet . 
  dirty arabs ? 
  damn this is a reason for war . 
  still tame for the shit they did in 90s . 
  and also those 3 kurdish women were pkk executives so do n't really expect us to feel any bad for them . 
  by the way have you forgotten [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/sweden/12163132/turkish-cultural-centre-bombed-in-stockholm-amid-growing-tensions-with-kurds.html ) ? 
  yes but grey wolves are quite tame now . 
  also mhp right now is terrible i was talking about the mhp meral ak\u015fener would lead . 
  if she takes the lead grey wolves will probably split in to two anyway . 
  i would n't vote for both of them in any circumstance but at least one is n't trying to destroy the values and foundations of this country . 
  akp is not a nationalistic party they 're originally pan-islamists but in the recent days they act like nationalists to get their support . 
  mhp is quite nationalist but frankly i would take nationalism over islamism any day . 
  i still do n't understand how is sharia courts in uk is a thing . 
  like what the fuck ? 
  religious courts should n't exist in 21 . century or at least in developed countries ... 
   it 's not part of the deal but it 's not exactly fair practice . 
  the eu could just close the borders and not let anybody in . 
  and we can also turn turkey to smuggler heaven . 
  you closing borders does not mean anything if they manage to reach greece it 's already over . 
  have you already forgetten why you did this deal with us ? 
  want the aegean route to reopen ? 
   when turkey just sends the criminals and sick people while keeping the `` good ones '' , it 's just trying to fuck the eu over . 
  now you 're talking out of your ass turkey does not send criminals it 's you who send criminals to turkey . 
  you send your illegal or misbehaving immigrants to us while we send you legal syrian refugees . 
  whether they have master degrees or high school diploma or even know how to read is no concern of ours . 
   germany 's parliamentary state secretary in the interior ministry , ole schroeder , also reported to the country 's parliament this week that turkey is not sending highly educated syrians to europe . 
  i do n't remember this being part of the deal . 
  as long as they are law abiding legal refugees we can exchange them with europe . 
  welcome to turkish parliment . 
  because all parties started accusing each other and nobody agreed to just strip one mps or one party 's immunity . 
  man i feel like you guys are acting ignorant on purpose . 
  accession of turkey to the european union has been going for years . 
  while current turkish goverment got elected in 2002 and erdogan went mad in 2011 . 
  if this was about islam we would be in eu years ago . 
  lol because armenian genocide denial is the only reason we 're not allowed in to eu yet . 
  when will these articles stop ? 
  well if germany actually managed to intagrate them this money would n't be waste at all people should try to look at the positive side . 
  you already took them in and ca n't deport them unless they break the law or do something that 'll get their refugee status revoked . 
  well erdogan made a pro-lgbt speech before he was elected prime minister . 
  no idea if it was genuine or not and while turkey do have an animal protection law , turkish animal rights federation believes that the current law does not provide enough punishment for animal abusers . 
   he is a democratically elected head of state he 's elected but not democratically elected . 
  when you do n't have free media you ca n't expect a fair election ... 
   mr tiemann said the threats targeting the urban burgery were `` mostly commentaries on facebook lol even i got threats on facebook . 
   people threatened to send the grey wolves to our restaurant '' . 
  grey wolves have connections with mhp not akp ( erdogan 's party ) they do n't like erdogan enough to attack people and establishments for insulting him . 
  horrible article i would have expected better journalism from bbc . 
  he did n't get any real threats and grey wolves are tame since 90s and even if they were n't they would n't do anything for erdogan .
