  i agreed with your post until this part . 
  have you been sleeping under a tree in 2016 ? 
  you might not have personally witnessed it but there is no way you never heard of racist event involving an english . 
  and he got out of syria alive ? 
  well fuck me not sure luck or actual divine interference ... 
  and here i thought our education ca n't get any worse . 
  how do you even teach biology without evolution ? 
  i do n't care if you refuse the evolution theory you just ca n't remove it from biology class . 
  turkish people 's understanding of evolution is already not above `` humans came from monkeys '' anyway . 
  let it be taught people who do n't want to believe can continue doing that . 
  the other change is unimportant because nobody even cares about the religion class . 
  in high school we just studied math and shit while our teacher answered questions about religion from students it was essentially free-study class and back in elementary school all we did was memorizing some verses from quran . 
  highly doubt anything will change because kids do n't give a fuck about religion while they have classes like math and physics . 
  i am confused if problem is the immigrants spy on immigrants not your own citizens ... 
  i did n't know suspicion was enough to act in france . 
  i guess libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 is just for show . 
  razing mosques without sufficient proof of this brainwashing is a good and fast way to make your muslim population hate you and sympathize more with extremists . 
  lol nationality checks out . 
  to be fair the teacher who made kids do that was fired . 
  lol we are lucky if we do n't get death penalty until she grows up . 
  not really seems very accurate . 
  half of the country loves akp goverment the rest hate it . 
  i swear in this sub i get the impression that you guys want us in the eu because my god i never seen anyone this obsessed with whether turkey will enter the eu or not outside of r/europe . 
  it does n't matter what the article about if turkey is in it the comment section will be filled with discussions about whether turkey will be eu member or not . 
  the talks have been frozen . 
  let it go !, 
  i do not understand what 's so hard to get . 
  turkey is not attempting to join eu for last 10 years . 
  erdogan is just acting like he does so he can use the reactions from eu to fuel his anti-western agenda . 
  turkey will be officially stop being a democracy . 
  not that we 're that democratic currently but it was in reversible state . 
  if the bill passes it 'll take a quite a long time to reverse the damage it 's gon na cause . 
  because this bill will remove the separation of powers from the constitution and give it all to presidency and good luck electing a president who will be like ataturk and give up his power for the better of the nation later on . 
  then you do n't agree with him dum-dum . 
  his main argument was this was a phenomenon that comes with being an empire . 
  not gon na lie i seriously did not expect you to be this illiterate and ignorant before commenting . 
  you could have answered my questions instead of typing those middle-school level insults but i guess you ca n't when you have no answer . 
  his argument was not `` ottoman empire enslaved and destroyed cultures hence why balkans have intense ethnic conflict '' . 
  did you ditch the english class or something ? 
  or maybe you did n't even read his comment . 
  then again i do n't expect someone like you who do n't even know some basic history to read anything . 
  lol and here i expected some logical argument . 
  my mistake for taking you seriously . 
  thank you for not wasting my time and telling if fair and square that you are ignorant and was talking out of your ass . 
  if anybody lost his identity under ottoman empire you should be able to give at least an single example if you ca n't then you have no case . 
  then pray tell which balkan culture is gone and which people lost their identity under ottoman empire ? 
  like do you not see the contradiction of your own argument ? 
  if ottoman empire did any of that balkan wars would n't even have happened . 
  since when people without identity start nationalist wars ? 
  well that makes sense thank you for explanation . 
  then elaborate instead of making useless comments like this . 
  yet you ca n't even explain it . 
  china is not kind to minorities though and india is extremely divided and racism is quite common from what i read . 
  lol ? 
  how the hell ottoman empire has anything to do with ethnic conflict in balkans ? 
  did i really do that ? 
  i explained why they will never beat akp . 
  in a european country they would be great parties . 
  chp would at least ... hdp and mhp sucks . 
  well i would n't say our opposition is bad they are just too passive because they think they are in norway or something . 
  current chp leader made the party too liberal and progressive for turkey that it only appeals to '' [ white turks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_turks_and_black_turks ) '' now . 
  hence no hope of ever winning . 
  this is some next level butthurt holy shit . 
  are you insane ? 
  empowering the majority and removing privileged status from a minority is n't genocide . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what privilege ? 
  turks were hunted down village by village and put in to mass graves thousands of turks had to ran away from their homes to keep their lives if that 's not genocide attempt i do n't know what it is . 
  ever heard of bloody christmas ? 
  even children [ [ nsfw ] ( http://img.webme.com/pic/g/gizliilimler/sayfa_24_1.gif ) ] were not spared . 
  now i said this i bet someone gon na do the king of whataboutism and mention armenian genocide . 
  anyway here 's some basic links . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_christmas_ ( 1963 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maratha,_santalaris_and_aloda_massacre  there is no justification you can make for violations of the geneva conventions and treating greek cypriots how israel treats palestinians . 
  then why are you justifying actions of greek cypriots ? 
  last time i checked massacring villages and burning down people 's homes and mosques were violations of geneva conventions . 
   it absolutely has to do with it , and your comment is a perfect example of why . 
  turkey and turks often seem to feel as if they 've some sort of god-given entitlement to everything that greeks have . 
  yeah sure whatever you say do n't try to hide your ignorance with random generalizations . 
  cyprus , turkey and uk signed the treaty of guarantee which forbid any of those 3 nations attempting to annex cyprus and cyprus from forming political or economic union . 
  greece and greek cypriots broke this agreement and gave us right to invade . 
  in other words you reap what you sow . 
  acting victim wo n't change the facts . 
  you like to mention your family 's sad past but you refuse the acknowledge the fate of turkish cypriots . 
  do a bit empathy ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_guarantee_ ( 1960 ), 
  none of these would have happened if greek cypriots did n't try to genocide turkish minority in the island . 
  they are the ones who gave turkey the right to invade by both harming the minorities and breaking the treaty of guarantee . 
  by the way cyprus invasion has no relevance to whatever you 're talking about with those 600 years long abuse . 
  i swear do you guys have mental age of a 2 year old ? 
  like i understand ignorance is paramount in r/europe but come on even parrots do n't say the same stupid thing this much . 
  please explain how erdogan the guy who did everything that eu is against wants to join the eu ? 
  he obviously does n't get that in to your thick skull . 
  turkey . 
  not . 
  serious . 
  about . 
  joining . 
  for . 
  the . 
  last . 
  years .
