  the guy seems to think he is in swedish parliment . 
  as if erdogan gives a fuck about will of the people or whether we recognize the referandum or not . 
  he is too well-mannered we need someone who 'll counter erdogan with harsh criticism constantly . 
  someone who will really be a thorn in his butt and will constantly expose his bullshit . 
  mhp and hdp are already out of the question whether we like it or not populism is way to go in turkey . 
  chp should get more populist and start representing the average turk instead of just `` white turks '' . 
  orban also did . 
  you can if it 's true . 
  there is noting scummy about using someone else own statements to discredit them . 
  do n't say stuff that you ca n't back it up . 
  they actually released the folk who are in for not so serious crimes to fill with people who got purged . 
  here you guys see the infamous greek butthurt . 
  keep your distance ... 
  i do n't know jack shit about polish culture but that does n't mean i think poles speak russian or something . 
  it is basically a ridiclous mix up . 
  he was speaking generally . 
  fraud or not it is undeniable fact that almost half of this country adore him and there are many women in it however to be fair it is rare to see an unveiled akp supporter . 
  it is the most popular way his supporters refer him . 
  it 's like god-emperor the some trump supporters use except ours seem to be serious about it . 
  lmao i wish it was a like that . 
  we did n't even have question on it . 
  nope did n't see anything suspicious . 
  the frauds mostly happened in rural areas which is why no won in almost every major city . 
  i live in istanbul so everything was in order i did n't see any unstamped ballots as well which is why i was shocked when they announced unstamped ballots were also going to be counted . 
  however it is clear that in villages and small towns fraud was very common people seem to voted for entire families while the mayors and muhtars of the towns making sure everybody voting yes . 
  i mean i believe there was a fraud but at my local polling station there were very few police officers around 5 i think , they were just chilling outside the school . 
  i was able to sit and observe people cast their votes and later the counting without needing to show anything . 
  there might have been extra measurements in places like diyarbak\u0131r because of pkk threat . 
  coups were bound to end in a few years they are not permanent regime changes like this one and not all of them were bad . 
  the guy you just made the supreme leader of state do not even approve of the way you dress . 
  we do n't . 
  akp crowd claim that since the amount of maximum votes in ballot boxes is pre-determined and since you sign your name after voting it wo n't cause a fraud . 
  we generally do not classify founders of democratic republics as dictators because transition does n't happen overnight so someone who 's not democratically elected has to oversee the process . 
  1st * dictator of turkey, 
  [ do n't lose hope ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw0ks8pftjy ) ... 
  yes = 27,34 % no = 72,66 % for canada . 
  france 63,03 % yes , 36,97 % no . 
  germany 62,95 % yes , 37,05 % no . 
  netherlands 69,03 % yes , 30,97 % no . 
  austria 71,32 % yes , 28,68 % no . 
  united arab emirates 9,61 % yes , % 90,39 no . 
  no comment ... 
  i hereby thank mhp for handing the country to erdogan . 
  when we were worried about foreign threats and separatists it turns out it was our `` nationalists '' who we should have been wary about . 
  win by % 51 what a fucking show . 
  fucking bayburt at 81,67 % yes . 
  i swear do these people collectively live to suck erdogan 's cock ? 
  this would have been an easy victory for no if 16 year olds were also allowed to vote . 
  constitutional referendums should only pass with overwhelming majority . 
  it 's fucking 52 % to 47 % . 
  we might as well decided it with a coin toss . 
  it says % 86,73 on cnnturk . 
   it either rivals or surpasses the united states and china in its ability to project a full spectrum of global military , economic , and soft power . 
  yeah no . 
  economically sure they rival eachother but certainly not at millitary and soft power . 
  your argument does n't make sense putin and kadrov are buddies . 
  if putin really wants he can tell kadyrov to stop because of bad pr for example . 
  i am not saying russia can legally do something about it . 
  this crime is committed by putins men not random people on the street . 
  sure but he said those people should be literally exiled there is a big diffrence . 
  it is heartbreaking to see that russia is allowing this . 
  putin can stop this crime against humanity any time yet he does n't . 
   however , washington ca n't point fingers at president donald trump for the nation 's downgrade . 
   `` the u.s. has been teetering on the brink of becoming a flawed democracy for several years , and even if there had been no presidential election in 2016 , its score would have slipped below 8.00 , '' the report explained . 
  instead , dwindling trust in government , elected representatives and political parties is to blame . 
  read articles next time then . 
  eh pretty shitty article us was always a flawed democracy because of the first past the post voting . 
  it led to us becoming a 2 party system which meant people started voting to prevent a candidate they dislike from winning instead of voting for a candidate that represents their beliefs the most . 
  nothing has really changed with the election of trump this is nothing new for americans . 
  the only difference is now we got a platform on the internet for teenagers to become outraged . 
  i think trump is a pretty shit president but honestly he is blown out proportion . 
  he is erdogan at it 's early stages at most but unlike erdogan there is no way he 'll stay in the office for that long to cause a permanent damage . 
   yes , except the majority did n't . 
  electoral college ftw !, 
  us is a federation of states hence all states must have their voice . 
  without electoral college the elections would be dictated by few high populated states which would eventually lead to us separating . 
  just imagine eu was like us and every individual had equal vote the result would basically be dictated by just germany and france while smaller countries having zero say in it . 
   was it a fair election ? 
  the fbi and ghcq doubt that very much . 
  i am honestly sick of sore losers who claim there was fraud in elections . 
  nobody is stopping americans from proving there was a fraud and impeaching trump . 
   i 'm afraid trump is far from qualified and a danger to many people ; his own and others around the world . 
  first and foremost , i doubt he 's going to serve his nation , he has other masters than the people . 
  it is a price for allowing every single citizen in your country to run for elections . 
  there is always a risk of the elected representative being awful so measurements exist to prevent a one guy to fuck up the entire nation . 
  in other words checks and balances exist for a reason . 
  and ? 
  people concluded that he was better than hillary and elected him i do n't see anything wrong with it unless you have a problem with electing representatives . 
  there is no guarantee that the elected individual will be the best person for the job . 
  did n't know opinions were outlawed in europe . 
  if you do n't like people freely supporting politicans and views they agree with maybe europe is not for you . 
  i swear you guys make me defend these fucktards ... 
  yes but this is n't elections he needs 50 % +1 of the votes to win and only times they got 50 % was last elections and that was because people were frustrated when parties were unable to form a coalition . 
  the 2007 constitutional referendum 's terms were fair it was n't like this so it passed with no problem but i do n't think it wo n't this time . 
  tbh all polls are fake . 
  pro-opposition polls say all no and pro-akp ones say all yes . 
  grey wolves did not attempt to assassinate the pope . 
  a grey wolf member individually attempted to assassinate him literally only way anybody was able to tie grey wolves with the assassination attempt was by alleging that grey wolves were hired to do it . 
  the guy had many different connections you can read about it grey wolves was just one of it . 
  the guys life is pretty crazy he really did n't deserve to be forgiven by the pope imo .
