  bias runs deep huh ? 
  this mentality is the reason why we have this kind of disputes you know . 
  both sides are convinced that the other side is wrong no matter what and are n't interested to look at the both pictures . 
  probably since it 's the turks that 's outraged by pkk 's attacks right now and nationalist idiots are looking to hurt people . 
  why do you guys keep using `` integration '' in it 's wrong meaning ? 
  they have integrated the word you 're looking for assimilation . 
  both groups have jobs , are full citizens and pay their taxes they just apparently feel like turks/kurds ... 
  good these people are just disgusting . 
  debating about when you can beat your wife ? 
  fuck off you do n't even deserve a wife if you even consider that there is a time you can do that . 
  freedom of religion does not mean you can beat your wife and call it your religious freedom ... 
  domestic abuse is n't something that 's only done by muslims . 
  just sayin ... 
  this is all because they 're allowed to vote in elections in turkey despite not living there so they still have connection with turkey other than their heritage . 
  at turkey we see them as german first turk as second i wish they saw themselves like that too . 
  it 's irritating to see europeans forming negative opinions about us by looking at 2th or 3th generation immigrants ... 
  no germany perfectly managed to integrate the turkish immigrants but apparently you do n't really know what `` integration '' is . 
  the word you 're looking for is assimilation . 
  brawls happen everywhere even in `` civil western society '' . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  this was a brawl the most lethal weapon was glass bottles . 
  this is an unsual time pkk murdered around 30 soldiers in dagl\u0131ca so people are very angry , like post 9/11 angry so they do n't think straight and attack kurds . 
  so you gon na discriminate based on race ? 
  what if two ethnic german groups fight where you gon na deport them ? 
  except turkic people koreans and japanese people are generally respected and liked a lot by turks . 
  diaspora nationalism is worse than normal nationalism since those people have no idea what actually going on their homeland they see it even more sided . 
  damn i did n't know youtube comments went that bad in recent years ... 
  being integrated does not mean people forget their heritage . 
  i did n't know deporting your own citizens was a thing ... turks and kurds in europe are n't refugees they 're full citizens that immigrated there 50 years ago . 
  turks and kurds has been there for years they 're like 3 . generations and full german citizens . 
  i see we have returned to 20 . century ... 
  depends on where you live . 
  ex-muslim here and i do n't give a fuck about islam anymore . 
  spreading their own sect of islam to europe by using the immigrants . 
  suadi arabia 's interpretation of islam is a lot more radical compared to other muslim countries . 
  they are n't concerned with helping them . 
  suadi arabia wants to export his sect of islam to the europe with these new mosques . 
  you do n't know how average muslims are they would listen and do anything an imam tells them . 
  they help yazidi 's because they 're also kurds . 
  sadly there are lots of allegations that kurdish groups especially ypg is ethnically cleansing non-kurds in self proclaimed kurdistan regions . 
  ypg also is n't really a side in the civil war . 
  they basically do n't ally with anybody and just defend the kurds in the region . 
   you are muslims guys , other muslims are closer culturally to you . 
  lol except the belief of god and his prophet there is n't much similarity between turkish and arab muslims . 
  in turkey for the most population islam is basically praying once a week in friday while for arabs it influences their whole life so they 're a lot less tolarent compared to turkish muslims for example since the syrian refugees have arrived the murder of transgender individuals raised significantly . 
  there is n't really a good guy in syrian civil war . 
  umm ... how does supply flights from gulf nations pass over turkey . 
  i 'm confused am i understanding you wrong ? 
   http://kurdistan.org/ lol ... at least look at the sources you give before trying to make an argument . 
  the rest it just typical anti-turkish stuff . 
  cyprus issue is not as black and white as you think it is let 's not forget what turkish cypriots been though before branding just turkey the bad guy . 
  if turkey did n't act we would be talking about the ethnic cleansing of turkish cypriots right now but i agree the occupation lasted enough we should leave cyprus already . 
  and believe me we hate how erdogan sponsered isis before as much as you and frustrated that he 's getting away with it but know that he stopped doing that after the suruc bombing so you might want to change the tense you 're using . 
  because they use terror to achive their goals . 
  they basically say `` accept our demands or we 'll keep murdering , robbing , kidnapping , burning etc. . . '' dictionary definition of terrotist . 
  you act like this is pkk 's first attack . 
  pkk did plenty of attacks to civilians as well . 
  they also shoot anybody that does n't stop at their illegal roadblocks and kidnap civilians for ransom . 
  just a few days ago they killed a doctor for example ... 
  oh well erdogan does n't really care about the ethnicities of the refugees as well . 
  kurd , arab , turkmen etc. . . we got refugee from all . 
  only very small portion of turks do give a shit about ethnicities . 
  in turkey we look at what you think . 
  otherwise most of us probably are n't ethnic turks in the first place . 
  no one will give a shit if they knew you 're kurd unless ofc you support kurdish separatist movement then you 'll get some reactions . 
  germoney ofc ... 
  that was the case at the start of the civil war but most refugees lots their hope of returning to their home and started trying to make a living in turkey by wandering around looking for jobs . 
  i would guess most refugees are n't able to travel that far though ... 
  it would be cool if eu and turkey pressured gulf states to take some refugees . 
  we have so many here that it already got out of hand . 
  well for a male muslim it should n't be that bad . 
  selling everything they have probably ... 
  oh damn that 's exactly same in turkey as well . 
  because they do n't care . 
  all their muslims are brothers talk is a sham . 
  come on how hard could it be ? 
  although we turks are a lot closer to the europe when it comes to culture but our immigrants were mostly village folk and they managed to integrate so refugees should be able too, 
  sure i already know that i was just giving the stand point of young conservative dudes . 
  those guys do n't even know english so it 's cringy to even watch them try to score with foreigners . 
  seriously turkey is a beautiful country but some of our people are absolutely terrible which is why , while some tourists who visit turkey love it while some hate it . 
  that argument would only work in eastern turkey . 
  in western turkey and touristic areas nothing you have said is true the turkish guys are just horny and there is a stereotype around here that western women are in to casual sex so if they find a lone western looking women they 'll hit on her . 
  thankfully most would leave after a big no through . 
  i do n't know what gave you impression of turkey being very muslim in deep down ... turkey is certainly is a muslim majority country but almost no one will give a shit if you 're wearing a hijab or not as long as your dress is n't too revealing of course . 
  damn i 'm ashamed of my countrymen for their behavior this could have been handled just by talking and yet they decide to use mob violence to settle it . 
  thank you irish dude for showing these fuckers how inept they are even if they attack as a mob . 
  whataboutism ... 
  sure it should n't have been taken but why would anybody get mad when they see a picture of dead terrorist ? 
  unless ofc you 're a terrorist sympathizer . 
  would anybody be mad when they see a dead al-qaeda terrorist 's picture ? 
  sadly having the same religion does n't change it much . 
  in turkey the refugees act the same they do in europe . 
  fucking cowards ... you hate muslims ? 
  fine , at least go beat up your equals not some old guy . 
  absolutely nothing everything is going to shit . 
  in islamic world people 's belief varies even depending on a town . 
  quran is extremely unclear and some hadiths are brutal while some are beautiful so it 's easy to interpret islam in both ways . 
  if they were monitoring is n't the time to strike is when he gets the gun ? 
  i mean dude had a assault rifle no way he had a license for that and if he was being monitored they must have known . 
  otherwise what 's the point ?
