   setting off the largest purge the country has ever seen in the most direct and authoritarian way possible what is authoritarian about it exactly ? 
  if there is suspicion about you being a part of cemaat you 're detained questioned if police finds enough evidence to prosecute you . 
  you got a trial then you either get sentence or prove your innocence . 
  i 'm sure you remember that initially 50k people were arrested now it 's 38k and only 17k of them are facing trial . 
   ( even bypassing the parliament by enforcing emergency rule ) . 
  emergency rule exist for critical moments like this france also has in state of emergency right now . 
  if your country faced something like this you can bet that your government will declare state of emergency as well . 
   erdogan 's opponents are n't just the ones in the parliament , where , since his party has the majority of seats and forms a single party government , he can do as he likes and pass pretty much any law he likes for better or for worse . 
  that is incorrect akp does not have enough seats to pass a law themselves . 
  they always need support from one opposition party which is why he needed the help of mhp and chp to revoke the immunity of mps . 
  also yes erdogan 's only political opponents are the ones in the parliament . 
  trying to to take over politics when people did not vote for you is a clear breach of democracy which is what gulenists did otherwise by your logic islamists in europe are political opponents . 
   there 's no way for someone to power-check erdogan . 
  huh ? 
  all opposition parties are still there and if erdogan does something sinister we hear about it from anti-goverment media . 
  the erdogan being an all mighty sultan where nobody can question him is an lie created by the western media . 
  we hear more about his crimes than you guys do and there is nothing yet in fact erdogan seems to be scared . 
  the coup made him realize how alone he was so he 's trying to befriend everybody . 
   he can do whatever he likes now and , if someone dares to oppose him for whatever sane and democratic reason also you seem to not even know that erdogan is the president . 
  he barely have any executive power he ca n't do shit he 's less powerful than an mp because at least a mp gets a right to vote for a new law or a change in constitution . 
  erdogan ca n't which is why he has been trying to bring `` baskanl\u0131k sistemi '' which is basically american system were president have more power . 
  he have n't succeeded yet if erdogan can do whatever the fuck he wants as you said , how came he did n't even managed to give him more power ? 
   he can point his finger at them and have them arrested as `` coup plotters '' . 
  there 's nothing stopping him from going full totalitarian now . 
  except that 's not fucking happening which is why we 're going crazy about the western media . 
  is it that hard to understand nobody . 
  except . 
  gulenists . 
  are . 
  getting . 
  if someone innocent got arrested we would know just as how we knew back in balyoz trials and ergenekon . 
  you can google these if you want more context . 
  please read these articles if you want to learn what really is happening . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2016/08/turkey-is-erdogan-really-stronger-after-failed-coup.html?utm_source=boomtrain&amp;utm_medium=manual&amp;utm_campaign=20160802&amp;bt_email=nihalf.mohammed@uk.pwc.com&amp;bt_ts=1470154716271 ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/what-the-western-media-doesnt-seem-to-get.aspx?pageid=449&amp;nid=101983&amp;newscatid=411 ), 
  okay then why are only burkinis banned ? 
  why can i wear a wetsuit in a beach ? 
  not for muslims apparently . 
  do n't bother people will just try to explain how anybody who wears it clearly are forced to wear it without a single evidence . 
  then why not even a single fucking political opponent of erdogan is in jail ? 
  like seriously how you guys are able to talk about stuff you barely know anything about so confidently ? 
   ah good , the plotters did n't deserve to be arrested in the first place . 
  could you explain what do you mean here ? 
  in what country you do n't arrest coup plotters ? 
  what kind of mentality is this ? 
  read the article next time . 
  50k people were arrested now the number dropped to 35,000 because innocent ones are getting released . 
   the turkish government declared a state of emergency and launched a massive crackdown on gulen 's supporters in the aftermath of the coup . 
  some 35,000 people have been detained for questioning and more than 17,000 of them have been formally arrested to face trial , including soldiers , police , judges and journalists . 
  spoken like someone who has no idea what he 's talking about like really do you guys hate reading that much ? 
  i mean if i were you i would at least read to not to embarrass myself . 
  anyway the entirety of akp disagreed with him erdogan himself said that his words did not reflect the akp 's opinions and the new constitution will be fully secular and the guy was the laughing stock of the country for at least 2 weeks . 
  if you even attempted to look more than 2 seconds you would know all of this . 
   we never occupied turkey , we only occupied the ottoman empire , ottoman empire is as the name suggests an empire . 
  turkey is a region in it just like greece was so you did occupy turkey . 
   one of the reasons we did this was actually because of the massacres against greeks and other christian minorities that began in 1915 , years before greek would enter ww1 or land in the asian minor . 
  which was an excuse making the megali idea a reality was the actual goal which is why greek army was driving out turkish population in every place they occupied in asia minor . 
  greek forces even crossed the lines they were given by allied forces . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom the prime minister at that time was later executed by milltiary junta for endorsing the pogroms . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adnan_menderes#coup.2c_trial.2c_execution  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varl%c4%b1k_vergisi ca n't say much about this it was a clear breach of turkish constitution fear of nazis and communists makes you take extraordinary measures . 
  the non-muslims were taxed more because they were generally more wealthy even the non-muslims were not taxed equally because of this . 
   he difference being that one was perpetrated by regular troops , under the authority of ottoman and then turkish authorities and the other was committed by uneducated , irregular serfs , slaves and peasants rising up against what was pretty much their owners . 
  because nothing happened at the greek occupation of turkey . 
  ever heard of megali idea ? 
  greek army was ready to make that reality by force and the civilian population paid for it . 
  the local population was getting massacred so they got organized to fight greek army . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuva-yi_milliye  the turkish minority is still in western thrace . 
  i wonder what happened to the greek one in constantinople , imbros and tenedos ... you would know what happened if you knew anything about history . 
  yeah he 's really slow i guess . 
  14 years passed do n't see anything yet . 
  yeah but assholes are light years better than people who blow up civilians . 
  actual representation of current polish army . 
  [ respect !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skjnqqrs1yy ), 
   turkish president erdogan actively supports islamistic parties and terrorist groups like muslim brotherhood , hamas and islamic groups in syria . 
  muslim brotherhood is n't recognized as a terrorist organization in any western country except russia . 
  islamist does not mean terrorist . 
  otherwise any country who are dealing with saudi arabia is a terrorist supporter because they 're islamist as well . 
  i assume this `` confidential report '' is very outdated because turkey and israel fixed their ties and hamas is expelled from turkey . 
  i wo n't even start with the islamic groups in syria because every major country supports an terroristic group in syria . 
  when western countries cut their support they can start condemning us . 
  any islamic group cutting ties from diyanet is subject to radicalization this is not a good thing at all . 
  diyanet keeps the imams in check and gives them things to read that promote modorate islam in prayers . 
  hope germany is ready to keep the mosques in check themselves ... 
  ankara ... his name is melih g\u00f6k\u00e7ek the crazy respect the robot guy . 
  i believe he 's legit crazy and in the last elections he [ barely won ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ankara_mayoral_election,_2014 ) . 
  i would n't be surprised if he cheated . 
  well i guess it was far too optimistic to expect someone who does n't read shit to understand this elementary logic . 
  i mean you need to be pretty stupid to seriously give that example and not see the massive contradiction with what i said but i guess i 'll explain it since you are slow . 
  your example will not get you off the hook having sex with anyone under 15 will still put you in jail and what you say wo n't mean shit it 's the 12 year olds word that 'll taken in to account this new law just give judge the power to give sentence depending on the severity of the case that 's fucking it . 
  the person who fucked a 9 year old wo n't get the same sentence with the person who fucked the 14 year old anymore i do not understand why this is so hard to comperhend ? 
  i love how western media trying to portray the decision of turkish constitutional court as bad while they have the same thing in their own countries for years . 
   i do not see how it is linked to secularism , and yes , what people can wear is regulated ( for instance you may not be able to go to the beach naked ) . 
  because the only reason you would regulate what people would wear is because of religion . 
  secular law is based on rational thinking so in an secular country if you want to ban something you got ta have a proper reason instead of just some religious text . 
  in this case you have nothing other than some mayor who implies everybody who wears or does anything islamic is a terrorist . 
   besides the fact that the ruling explicitly states that in this case such an outfit can be interpreted as not merely being religious expression please explain me how . 
  i can not comprehend what kind of brainfart you need to experience to interpret a woman in a beach wearing a full-body swimsuit other than her practicing her religious beliefs . 
   the common understanding of secularism in france - which is indeed different from say , the american take on the matter - is that religion is a private thing and should not be brought to the public sphere . 
  which is complete bullshit . 
  are there churches in france ?
