  yes ... 
  they are on the plain sight even some university campuses have . 
  can they ring their bell to call people for prayers ? 
  yes ... 
  so what part of this private exactly ? 
  it 's all in the plain sight  this is why for instance religious outfits ( eg the veil , wearing a big cross , etc ) are not allowed in schools . 
  you may think this is wrong , but that 's how most french people see it . 
  which is irrelevant because i can wear a cross in a beach only muslims are targeted here and what you said is almost entirely different in context . 
  firstly it 's children who go to school and since they can be easily influenced by their parents to follow a specific religion . 
  school is there to make sure that they 're no indoctrinated to wear or believe something until they reach to an age to make their own decision about it . 
  while in a beach you go to enjoy you do it by your own decision . 
  i can understand a private pool banning burkinins just like how they force you to wear bonnet but an mayor doing it for a public beach is just absurd . 
   they are free to practice their religion in private . 
  you 're free to practice your religion in private at suadi arabia as well . 
  one of the core beliefs of secularism is freedom to practice your religion fully without a fear or persecution as long as you do n't pass the boundaries of secular law and liberties of others now explain how does wearing a full-cover swimsuit in a public beach breaks those boundaries . 
   they also can go to the beach if they want - if their outfit respects local regulation . 
  except that you can wear what ever the fuck you want except burkinis . 
  there is no local regulation only burkinis are banned . 
  you can dress like a fairy if you want . 
  i can not understand how you guys are unable to understand how unfair this is . 
   am i prevented from enjoying a time to the beach because i want to go there naked but am not allowed to ? 
  do n't give me that crap you know full well that being naked is entirely different and if you really want to go in naked there are specific beaches that allow it and nobody cares if there are naked only beaches or days . 
  but [ an burkini only day was forced to be cancelled ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37026002 ) with death threats to organizers and pressures of `` secularist '' right-wing politicians . 
  it is not hard to sit down think rationally and see these bans are unlawful , wrong , unfair and should n't have place in the europe . 
  ankara humiliates ankara more than anything . 
  visit ? 
  we give full experience !, 
  idk maybe because you 're not even smart enough to see that muslims are not one community . 
  i would be fine with it if it gets lifted after the state of emergency is gone . 
  i 'm confused is there a problem in the translation ? 
  because the reasoning completely contradictions with french constitution and european values . 
  it might not break the constitution as far as `` law '' concerned however i believe that anybody who tries to reach to their on conclusion would agree with me . 
  firstly it does n't respect the dispositions of the first article at all . 
  in an secular republic you do not regulate what people can wear and what they ca n't especially not based on religion and this ban is n't `` you ca n't cover % 90 of you body in beaches '' exclusively burkinis are banned which means there is a target minority . 
  this is basically unacceptable in an secular republic i do not understand why people are even agreeing with it . 
  one of the core beliefs of secularism is religious freedom however this ban basically prevents muslim women from both practicing their religion and enjoying a time in the beach . 
  the explanation in the context is even worse . 
  it both insulting and makes no sense . 
  whoever said it he or she basically means that anything that 's releted to islamic religion can be interpreted as a support for terrorism which is ridiculous . 
  lol nobody has an eye on your lands dude you seem to not even comprehend the actual problem . 
  if you perceive wanting to wear burkini in a beach in your country as an attempt to take over your land you might as well ban every non-european from entereing in to france because you 'll perceive everything as an invasion . 
   article 1  france shall be an indivisible , secular , democratic and social republic . 
  it shall ensure the equality of all citizens before the law , without distinction of origin , race or religion . 
  it shall respect all beliefs . 
  it shall be organised on a decentralised basis . 
  statutes shall promote equal access by women and men to elective offices and posts as well as to professional and social positions . 
  literally breaks the first article . 
  if i can wear a wetsuit but not burkini in a public beach it means the ban is exclusively because of it 's relation with islam . 
  another sad day for france . 
  yeah banning burkinis will totally prevent crazy north afticans from harpooning people . 
  it 's sad to see western world going against their own ideals just because some retards . 
  if a few years back somebody said that in europe there would be dress codes in some public beaches i would have called them mad . 
  so you say western world should be like conservative muslims ? 
  i really do n't understand you guys thought process ... 
  what message i was supposed to take ? 
  it is . 
  some people are assholes looking for a reason to start something . 
  do n't give them that reason but oh well people will start saying i 'm victim blaming or something now . 
  well moral of the story is do n't take pictures of strangers before asking them . 
  no responsible journalist would title their article as `` turkey allows sex with children under the age of 15 '' when reporting that story . 
  turkey is used to reinforce the existing xenophobia in europe . 
  since the right-wing is on the rise because of refugee crises it makes turkey an easy target to rally the retarded crowd . 
  european right wingers are dumb so the politicians are easily able to convince them that turkey will join to eu if they do not elect them . 
  uk did the same thing now austria doing it ... 
  politicians can say whatever they want . 
  saying stupid shit is their job however if your newspapers does it i would be vary of your press . 
  huh ? 
  is n't it obvious did you even read the article ? 
  it 's sad that foreign ministry has do take action to get it removed . 
  some people really have zero class ...  incident marks the second time vienna airport has displayed anti-turkey sentiment on its premises . 
  why the the guy who does it not found and fired already ? 
  because balkans . 
  i love how even when nato says they would n't shitty journalists keep milking this bullshit . 
  there is nothing more i hate then news made based on literally one person . 
  `` hey look this woman had enugh and decided to leave !, 
  which means everyone does '' no it does n't ... 
  there is no massive brain drain even if dw tries to portray as much . 
  in fact lots of educated folk are taking advantage of situation . 
  lots of people in getting purged means more job choices for you . 
   there 's no legal pressure to get half naked . 
  there 's plenty of things you can wear to a beach that do n't involve getting half naked . 
  like what ? 
  burkini is a slag for full cover swimsuit . 
  unless you 're willing to unload shit load of cash for wetsuit you got no other choice . 
  the mayor literally said `` access to beaches and for swimming is banned to anyone who does not have ( bathing apparel ) '' . 
   the issue is n't that all the women wearing it are being oppressed , the issue is that women who do n't want to wear it but are shamed by their community into wearing it are being oppressed . 
  and you think your solution will help ? 
  your solution will only prevent them entirely from going to beaches . 
  social pressure wo n't stop just because you ca n't wear what they want anymore . 
  that 's not how it works ...  what do you think would be the reaction for a devout-muslim family who wants their daughters to wear burkinis will be when their daughters might want to wear a bikini or a one-piece ? 
  obviously their family will object but as i said how is your solution helping ? 
  your goal was to help these oppressed women right ? 
  but your solution literally made them unable to go to beaches now . 
  if you ban burkinis forget wearing bikini they would n't even be able to go to the beaches anymore we went two steps back with your solution . 
  this is the problem you guys are not getting there is a lot of you who think hijab should be banned too because it 's a sign of oppression . 
  you guys believe that when you ban something people will magically stop using it well guess what if you ban it you 'll literally lock muslim women to their homes and will make the situation worse . 
  if you want an proper solution to this problem first you need to understand that taking away liberties will only make the situation worse than before . 
  forced integration or assimilation will only make people resist harder . 
   no , i just think heavy social pressure for women to cover their bodies based on ancient religious text to stop male gaze and to `` protect their modesty '' is fucked up . 
  having an legal pressure to get you half naked is even worse .
