  erdogan is neither a god and nor worshiped by anybody the only one who 'll get offended by these petty insults is himself . 
  more questionable western humor i see ... do these western `` comedians '' actually plan to be funny one day ? 
  `` hey erdogan you 're a prostitute right ? 
  yeah !, 
  i fucked you at brothel and you were terrible give me back my money and apologize ! '', 
  hahahah how funny let 's all laugh to this amazing piece of satire . 
  i really cringe at erdogan 's behavior but these `` comedians '' response are cringer than i could have imagined . 
   i could go on . 
  it seems like you ca n't because you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   cyprus cyprus acceded after the invasion what was missing before then ? 
  also it 's not like every eu member except cyprus is in favor of letting turkey in . 
  also cyprus acceded in 2004 which is not pre-erdogan at all . 
   the death penalty you guys should at least learn a bit about the country you 're talking about i mean dealth penalty ? 
  the last person we executed was back in 1984 and death penalty is officially abolished since 2004 . 
   islam what about it ? 
  what does islam has to do with eu ? 
  officially the majority religion of a nation should n't matter to eu at all or is eu really just an christian club ? 
   turkey 's economic development probably the only reasonable point in your comment but you can make the same point for some countries that are in eu as well so it seems like poor economic development is not a massive no-no after all . 
  you and me both know perfectly well that 's just a massive excuse . 
  this stuff is quite new if the reason why we 're not allowed in eu was decline of democracy then how come we 're not allowed in since 1987 ? 
  there were times were turkey was a lot democratic country and people would use different excuses . 
  we 're just unwanted in eu ... for example we were able to do [ stuff like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8zrnqplabg ) when he was pm he went mad later on . 
  imgur only right now . 
  it 's banned because someone uploaded the image of [ taken hostage prosecutor 's ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32129012 ) on it . 
  it 's not that we ca n't access it a simple dns change is enough but i do n't want the attention of akp on reddit because i can say whatever i want here but i would need to be careful at for example on facebook , twitter or youtube . 
  also if an pro-akp group learns of this site r/turkey would get brigaded and the shitposting would never stop . 
  are you guys trying to get reddit banned for us ? 
  please ... stop this at once if akp really start giving a shit about reddit we 'll lose our freedom here the imgur is already banned . 
  all i care is if erdogan actually wins we 're fucked . 
  you do n't much about the history between turkey and greece do you ? 
  also big words ? 
  you aware that we did actually shoot down an russian jet right ? 
  check a map next time an see how close those greek islands is good luck not briefly going over them if you 're pilot . 
  here 's a tip you can swim to greek islands from turkey . 
  also i love how you speak like this is a one-sided thing ... 
  yeah usa step up your game . 
  turkish run mosques are the most moderate mosques in europe . 
  unless european nations plan to build and run the mosques themselves it 'll just cause to more radicalization . 
  however saudi mosques should never be allowed . 
  also no way you 're changing the language that 's used in the mosques . 
  we tried it in turkey and it failed horribly . 
  the prayers will always be in arabic because verses directly from quran is used in the prayers . 
  no only if they file a complaint and people do n't do that kinda stuff daily . 
  correct but those attacks were always targeted towards turks again . 
  europeans generally do n't care when the turks are the victims even inside their borders . 
  also it seems like pkk already have important people from eu inside their pocket since they 're pretty much able to get in and even live in eu whenever they want so i doubt free-visa travel will change anything . 
  i highly doubt anybody would attack him germans publicly insulted erdogan many times yet i do n't remember anybody targeting them . 
  when did a turkish citizen bombed anything in europe ? 
  you forgot this : '' / s '' . 
  also it 's hilarious how your post is exactly what an r/worldnews bot in subreddit simulator would write . 
  good if he manages to get something censored in europe he wo n't stop talking about it to show that he 's right because even the progressive european nations agree with him . 
  well yeah nobody really accepts isis ' caliphate claim not even other jihadists . 
  how does something like this happen ? 
  when i was a kid the worst cool thing was fighting . 
  oh god ... could europe please stop teasing these retards with their insulting poems and songs ? 
  we 're embarrassed enough . 
  i 'm sick of faceplaming every time i see an article about turkey on reddit . 
  holy shit ... do people like this are really common in usa ? 
  i mean turkey is also a relatively fat country but i have never in my life saw someone using these things because of their weight . 
   so you should just live in near poverty near poverty ? 
  did you see the [ refugee camps ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/16/magazine/how-to-build-a-perfect-refugee-camp.html ) we built ? 
  why do you think we 're asking for money from eu we spent so much money to make these guys conformable that it 's insane . 
  they even able to get [ free education ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/hundreds-of-syrian-refugees-to-get-free-university-education.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=95632&amp;newscatid=341 ) that i as a full citizen of this nation need to pay while they do n't . 
   without any joys or things to occupy your time for years/the rest of your life until your country is safe enough to return to ? 
  you 're a part of a community that consists of 3 million . 
  there are enough jobs in camps to occupy your time . 
  you 're a doctor ? 
  help in the clinic . 
  you 're a teacher ? 
  give lessons to the kids . 
  you 're a laborer ? 
  help the new camps to be built . 
  there are plenty of things to do the ones who want paying job are the ones who 're trying to get to eu but do n't have money to pay to smugglers so they go around and work illegally . 
   he un refugee convention specifically enshrined the right for refugees to work . 
  syrians do n't have official refugee status in turkey we 're only accepting refuges from european continent . 
   it 's just a shame turkey is one of the only countries on the planet not to ratify the convention . 
  what ? 
  turkey ratified both [ un refugee conventions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) ... 
  however we 're not retarded pretty much everywhere except the [ western part of our border is filled with war since forever ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d9/ongoing_conflicts_around_the_world.svg ) the moment we agree to let middle-easterners and africans get official refugee status is the moment turkey crumbles . 
  eh i believe this is blown out of proportion . 
  this is like the most generic nationalist chant in war times . 
  enemies are always dehumanized but meh what do i know . 
  a diaspora nationalists mind is too complicated for me . 
  yes integrating is n't an easy task especially when 3 million people came at once . 
  war will be over before they 're even close to integrating also call us xenophobic but nobody wants a new massive minority . 
  we 're not talking about few thousand people here . 
  for example back in iraq war we took in the kurdish refugees and integrated them becuase there was n't many of them like syrians and we already had a kurdish minority . 
  which is how it should be . 
  refugees are guests go help your fellow refugees with your profession you 're not here to start a new life . 
  which is stupid these laws should be removed we should have removed ours before erdogan came to office . 
  your country your laws germany . 
  you guys should really remove this insult law ... leaving rarely enforced ridiculous laws is never a good idea someone will eventually come and use them . 
  when will these guys give up ? 
  how many months has passed since they got stuck at the greece-macedonia border ? 
   and quite generally the pkk and most other ( anti-turkish ) kurdish political organizations seem to recognize it and a lot have apologized for the kurdish role in it . 
  pkk does not recognize the big role the kurds played in it they just recognize that there were some brainwashed kurds in [ hamidiye regiment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hamidiye ) which participated in the genocide . 
  they did n't apologize for anything they basically just recognize that turks did the armenian genocide . 
  but keep in mind that i 'm talking about pkk ( kongra-gel ) not other kurdish factions they have varying opinions about this matter . 
   besides with the eradication of the armenian population west of the current border for a century at this point there 's no serious threat of any land claims coming from armenia so there 's no significant competing interests . 
  officially is n't but many armenians feel that those lands are theirs .
