  yes women in average weaker than men however police has a lot of tools in their disposal raw strength is not always the only deciding factor . 
  for example the policewoman who beat me had riot gear i learned that day that tear gas sucks and batons really fucking hurt . 
  i can guarantee that 2 decent policewomen can take down any man . 
  well blame the last generation then . 
  you guys wanted foreign workers on the factories and poor turks from anatolia complied . 
  then your capitalists got greedy when they saw how much money they made by using foreign workers and decided they should stay permanently . 
  turkey is prime example of this imo . 
  i can guarantee that erdogan would be gone by now if we had free press . 
  pff ask for cheap foreign workers then complain about them being shitty people . 
  you guys are so pathetic that it 's hilarious . 
  i do n't remember us forcing any of you to give permanent residence to those guys . 
  `` you reap what you sow '' seem to fit to this situation . 
  i am against death penalty but if you guys are so moral might as well cut relations with countries like us and japan who still execute criminals . 
  your argument is fallacious what you are proposing is text book example of interfering another country 's voting process . 
  erdogan wo n't bring death penalty it was all just a talk to rally support for referandum from nationalists who want people like apo to executed . 
  who let this guy out of r/denmark ? 
   but ok , funny turkey shows them now and in 3 months they will all be full covered as good islamists , as erdogoon and his troll army in here would like it . . 
  spoken like someone who does n't know jack shit . 
  3 months ? 
  how about 15 years ? 
  erdogan is governing this nation for the last 15 years . 
  erdogan is not your generic islamist he simply uses islam to gather support he will never enforce islamic laws becuase turkish people might act pious but will immediately want a rollback after seeing how awful it is . 
  sure but in % 90 of the sentences you use the gender is irrelevant besides it causes unnecessary confusion when you do n't know the person 's gender you 're referring to . 
  yes it is not your point is ? 
  this is n't europe it is r/europe which allows posts from turkey as you can see from the map . 
  emphasis on average a policewoman kicked my ass when i was protesting once so i would say they are good . 
  the problem about your argument is you are generalizing all muslims without caring about which countries they are from . 
  an north african has the right to resent western civilization for their actions on their country . 
  balkan countries still blame ottoman empire for a lot of their short comings this is no different . 
  and saying western imperialism ended after ww2 is just plain wrong . 
  american and russian imperialism is still going on to this day all that 's chaged is the methods . 
  americans and russians are not invading random countries on earth for no reason . 
  except that it 's not just an arab who is accusing others of colonialism it 's an tunisian who his country has been colonized several times by different countries . 
  he has more right to complain about colonialism and accuse of people of hypocrisy than any of us here . 
  have a look at history of tunisia and come back . 
  so your point was just useless rambling to ignore his argument huh ? 
  at least you are willing to admit it . 
  you literally said you will not be lectured by an unrepentant arab now you are saying he might be one or he might not . 
  do you have a problem understanding english ? 
  please enlighten us what was his point by accusing an north african of being an `` unrepentant arab '' by saying they committed the one of the worst acts of colonialism in history ? 
  that 's as bad as accusing a korean of imperialism . 
  he shot himself on foot by not thinking before typing but you just sound plain stupid . 
  nope we just have `` o '' . 
  will never understand why some languages has gender spesific pronouns in the first place . 
  seems completely pointless to me . 
  do you not understand how religion works ? 
  and please tell me what part of [ this bulding ] ( http://thepeninsulaqatar.com/uploads/2017/05/03/5419822d2676fc567eb94d7bac51b6c262b015a0.jpeg ) is arabic . 
  take your xenophobic bullshit elsewhere there are valid concerns for foreign funded mosques but yours just plain stupid . 
  you do realize the person you just responded is north african right ? 
  i always love you morality crusaders shoot yourself on foot the moment you try to make a point . 
  it never ceases to amuse me . 
  if the imams are decent there is nothing wrong with it . 
  you either build it yourself or foreign goverments will do it . 
  when there is a demand for it there is no other choice . 
  no i doubt they even know what a vpn is . 
  lol oh wow they won a defensive battle amazing . 
  might be a good idea to buy a vpn now it 'll only go downhill from now on . 
  fail to see your point every civilization had their time to shine nobody disputes that greeks were the first at many things . 
  i 'm on ttnet with just google dns only wikipedia.org is inaccessible to me . 
  do you seriously believe your own words ? 
  go try to convert someone see if it 's that easy and it is specially impossible countrywide with no force . 
  there is no large scale conversion that 's peaceful people do not give up their beliefs easily . 
  i doubt he was actually willing to blow it up vahideddin is not known for his spine he accepted the occupation after all even approved signing treaty of sevres . 
  however in the end he prevented hagia sophia from taken over by taking the building itself as `` hostage '' . 
  so as drastic as it is it worked in the end . 
  because i did n't start using internet yesterday and they suck at banning . 
  it seems like they only banned wikipedia.org . 
  i can enter en.wikipedia.org or tr.wikipedia.org with no problem ofc upload.wikimedia.org also fine . 
   the ottomans regarded hagia sophia as the symbol of sovereignty over istanbul . 
  after the allies ' invaded istanbul in 1918 , some of the greek people wanted to convert hagia sophia into a church by ringing a bell on the top of the building . 
  sultan vahideddin deployed 700 private soldiers , which were left for his own protection , around hagia sophia and ordered them to shoot anyone who tried to ring a bell on top of the mosque . 
  he also had the building surrounded with dynamite , as a last resort . 
  due to his actions , he managed to prolong the mosque 's life a little longer . 
  it was to prevent it to be taken over by greeks . 
  here you guys see the worlds longest running butthurt . 
  please do n't touch it . 
   i guess at least the original owners hundreds of years ago were n't as backwards in their thinking as the current owners today - or we would have lost a huge piece of heritage long ago . 
  how is it whataboutism when your entire argument rests upon the original owners not being the same ? 
  i chuckled . 
  i doubt erdogan is serious but that 's a pretty shitty thing to trust . 
  when did international law stopped anyone ? 
  i mean just look at ukraine ... 
  how bad is orban ? 
  he ca n't be as bad as putin and erdogan ... 
  this map seriously hurts my eyes . 
  what ? 
  situation in russia is even worse than turkey . 
  putin is openly murdering his critics and opposition is basically dead . 
  they did n't have a proper election for years and have no real free media . 
  erdogan on the other hand has to make up bullshit to even stay afloat that 's why he keep making enemies to unite people if people stops supporting him he 'll be gone while putin is indestructible . 
  our opposition is also very real the country would literally need to go to a civil war to reach to the same point that russia is . 
  to be fair if you live in istanbul and paid in minumum wage you are doing something wrong because istanbul is impossible to live with minumum wage . 
  unless i am literally running for my life greece would be one of the last options i would consider to immigrate . 
  it is a beautiful country sure but i do n't think there is much future for immigrants there . 
  maybe i am a fool but i rather prefer to just give up my freedoms and feign praise for erdogan than live in poverty . 
  i am an atheist and i have been fine for all these years with acting muslim when necessary . 
  lmao why you got ta make a childish argument like that ? 
  i just makes you hard to take seriously bro . 
  these shows ' audience is overwelmingly pro-akp i wonder how they feel now . 
  this decision might get the grannies more conscious .
