  you think you 're `` showing '' to big bad erdogan while all you 're doing is making his job a lot easier . 
  have you guys learned nothing from the election of trump in us or brexit ? 
  simply silencing people does not fucking work . 
  by banning this rally you guys made this a popular post in every single turkish facebook and twitter page . 
  if you just let it happen there would have been a thousand joining in max and would be less effective . 
  it is literally against the definition of freedom of speech . 
  you are disallowing a rally based on what 's it 's about . 
  i can understand not wanting rallies like this your country but that does n't mean it is not agaist freedom of speech . 
   he can do whateever he wants , as long as he does it at home . 
  right . 
  what i am saying is your actions help him more . 
  hahah good joke . 
  they are your problem now should n't have gone the easy way and hired shit load of foreign workers . 
  and how did you reach to the ridiclous conclusion ? 
  except that there is a sizable community who can vote in the referendum in netherlands . 
  if the goal is to reach out to them rallying in turkey would be useless . 
  but what they are doing is helping erdogan even more as i explained . 
  cultural cuisine is a serious business in mediterranean countries . 
  if you are not careful you might get shish kebabed . 
  seems a bit overblown as there were no actual explosions . 
  it is silly to imply that bekir bozdag meant things like this when he said there will be consequences . 
  please never ever imply glorious kebab and that smelly gyro are the same . 
  i am `` no '' voter but what is the logic behind preventing the rallies ? 
  i mean is n't it against freedom of speech ? 
  because i believe this will be counterproductive for us since the fact that it is not allowed will spread faster than the rally itself and make european turks more inclined to vote `` yes '' in the referendum . 
  i mean rallies like this barely attact a thousand but this will be in every turkish facebook page now . 
  erdogan will also use it in turkey as `` look europeans does n't want a strong turkey !, 
  let 's prove them wrong !, 
  because they are . 
  they feel unaccepted in europe but erdogan even came to europe and did rallies just for them . 
  so they found a place under him . 
  they even would n't last a year under his rule in fact they are not even proper conservative muslims since they drink and shit . 
  not always . 
  they only block them in cases of disasters like terrorist attacks to and what not for a day now . 
  erdogan seem to understood the power of social media so instead of blocking it he seemed to created a massive internet army who 'll fuck you up and report you to police if you say something bad . 
  they were obsessed with erdogan as well . 
  it 'll pass eventually germans are wierd . 
  true however i am pretty sure minorities in europe would have accepted ottoman caliphate which would have helped to prevent homegrown terrorists a lot because most lone wolf attackers were young muslims who were confused and found their answers in radical islam . 
  what gave you the idea that caliphate would be a state ? 
  if ataturk did n't abolish the caliphate it would have been like catholic church they would have second to none political power or anywhere they would govern to impose an islamic law and ottoman caliphate was very very liberal compared to suadi arabia and fought hard to crush wahabbi movement which is suadi arabia 's islam based at . 
  last caliphate was also pretty cool dude abdulmecid ii . 
  he never ruled turkey he was caliph of 2 years and loved to paint and art . 
  he was even the chairman of the artists ' society . 
  i do not think he would have raised crazy fanatic sons . 
   the caliphate is not meant to be a small stretch of territory , but a global empire . 
  i am sorry but where did you got that idea exactly ? 
  caliph is just supposed to be the leader of muslims and prevent them from going astray . 
  in turkey we have diyanet and caliphate is just the global version of it and thanks to diyanet we were able to prevent a lot of radicalization in this country . 
   uniting muslims under a single ruler would the prospect of a looming , full scale civilizational war far more likely and terrifying . 
  the entire reason of ongoing conflicts in middle-east is because muslims ca n't agree at anything without a religious leader which is why muftis and imams hold very great influence over common man . 
  there is a reason why everything in middle-east went to shit after ottoman caliphate was removed . 
   setting aside that the caliph would almost certainly not be the kind of religious moderate you 're envisioning you should read about ottoman caliphate then . 
  despite it being passed down from father to son majority of them was very moderate in fact they were too moderate that arabs basically refused their authority . 
  if it still existed it would help greatly to prevent confused young muslims from radicalizing . 
  the reason why i claimed it would cause the decline of islamophobia is because there would be an offical interpretation of sunni islam sponsored by the caliphate . 
  majority of islomophobes justify their fear by claiming the real interpretation of islam is what isis believes . 
  there is n't a massive settlement in the european side of the kazakhstan only a river and some mountains . 
  man wish i was paid to say shit on the internet . 
  erdogan hire me bro . 
  not really turkey is included simply because we hold some traditionally european lands . 
  that 's about it . 
  i did n't take you seriously because your argument was laughable at best . 
  if this was about european influence lots of european colonies would be included as well . 
  i mean this is simple geography i never though i would ever need to explain this . 
  did n't even realize you had a point . 
  what was it again ? 
  sorry i did n't take your comments seriously . 
  i did not realize i was trying to be european it seems like you guys have delusions about people wanting to be european . 
  still cute tho have smiley face , 
  lmao i saw the posters but did not even realize it was about erdogan . 
  honestly sometimes i think it would n't be so bad if caliphate still existed . 
  it would be nice to have some global religious figure like pope who can denounce the islamic terrrorism . 
  it would help to ease the islamphobia a lot to have someone who can define what muslims officially should believe . 
  then i am blind . 
  please show me an example because i remember almost none nor i am able to find any . 
  i want an article that criticizes erdogan 's authoritarian and islamist policies that are at least 5 years old . 
  dude please we are arguing under a video where press freedom in turkey is talked in freaking eu parliment . 
  what makes me pissed of is it took 15 years for such thing to happen and now you come and act like you guys always cared . 
  it makes me angry because what you guys care is not press freedom or democracy in turkey it is losing the influence over turkey you had . 
  otherwise they would n't have been silent for 15 years . 
  and turkey does not care about their own press freedom why would they care about somewhere else ? 
  however if you want some bullshit i can show you erdogan talking shit about eu for silencing his rallies and and claiming you guys have no freedom of speech . 
  i do n't know how i can explain myself further i typed down a wall of text yet you still say you do n't understand the problem here . 
  if they are just assumptions got any examples ? 
  show me an example like this video where declining freedoms in turkey is a topic in some european parliament pre-2015 . 
  and pray tell what media i am believing exactly ? 
  also where did i blame west for the situation we are ? 
  i accused west of hypocrisy not putting us to the situation we are in . 
  you just proved my point `` some sect '' that literally worked with cia amiright ? 
  the amount of attempt to show these guys as some irrelevant islamic sect by west is the most astonishing thing here . 
  and i do n't even understand what are you trying to say by saying gulen and erdogan was allied in 2002 . 
  no flying shit . 
  that just even more supportive of my argument . 
  west want turkey to return to 2002 where we were pro-west . 
  that was my entire point . 
  you want me to explain something this obvious ? 
  fine . 
  when do you think erdogan started doing stuff like this ? 
  you probably think it is quite recently no ? 
  or maybe you are informed but average european and american thinks this is quite new .
