   80-85 % of the kurds do atleast sympathize with kurds . 
  i would say 70 % do support the pkk . 
  that 's um an interesting analogy ... 
   the majority of kurds definitely have warm feelings towards the pkk . 
  not anymore why do you think pkk trying to get international support now ? 
  go eastern turkey and ask about their opinions about pkk according to your assumption the answers will surprise you . 
  kurds do n't want more terrorism as much as turks . 
  the article is bogus . 
  turkey is still being flocked by tourists . 
  becuase of recent events some people probably changed their plans on going turkey and preferred greece but the amount of tourists in turkey is still increasing every year yet the article talk like turkey lost it 's half of tourists . 
  it 's the sad doge he 's the pkk propaganda guy do n't take him seriously . 
  yeah good luck with that ... 
   drinking alcohol , wearing revealing clothes and partying are more welcome and tolerated in greece than in turkey . 
  note that this is only true for some parts of the country . 
  you 're the best gyro . 
  finally people are able to admit it . 
  sexuality is like a spectrum you can be totally straight , sorta straight , bisexual , a bit gay , totally gay etc. . . 
  there is nothing to be ashamed of . 
  these numbers mean nothing every site is giving random numbers we just have to wait and see to know how many will actually get in . 
  i thought slovakia was a secular nation guess i was wrong . 
  you guys really think the religion is the why the refugees behave like criminals ? 
  turkey is mostly muslim and yet we still have the same problems you guys have . 
  it has nothing to do with religions it 's about the people . 
  also would n't refugees just lie about their religion to get in ? 
  duh it 's common sense . 
  it 's the same logic with drugs if you criminalize it the black market will take care of it . 
  people wo n't stop wanting something just because it 's illegal . 
  there is literally no reason to criminalize sex work unless you bring some bullshit religious moral argument . 
  ca n't the spain arrange summer festivals without torturing bulls ? 
  judging by the article it seems not just cruel but also quite dangerous . 
  good fucking job erdogan for supporting these fucktards . 
  not only you caused hundreds of innocents to die you also did n't really prevent isis from turning on to turkey . 
  you stained turkey 's reputation for nothing other than your selfish reasons and fantasies . 
  at least he stopped supporting isis now ... 
  i think ... 
  why everybody act like all of them will get in ? 
  also that 's not even half of what we got in here so do n't worry if turkey does n't collapse eu would n't either . 
  i would say islamists are the problem , random muslims are n't an issue ... islamists that believe islam should be the definite way to live and rule countries needs to be gone . 
  neo-ottomanism is pretty much same with islamism . 
  no but it is n't or not yet at least . 
  erdogan still depended on voters . 
  the star with crescent signifies the turkic people and the red signifies the blood of our fallen soldiers . 
  i 'll change my attitude when joining the eu becomes worthwhile to turkey once again . 
  is it that hard to understand that we stopped wanting to enter eu for the last 13 years ? 
  even the general population does n't want it anymore . 
  enough with this `` turkey ca n't in to eu '' jokes please . 
  also sexist politicians are not that rare in eu ... 
   wonder if that had anything to do with the discrimination kurds faced and still face in turkey . 
  when you start murdering and kidnapping people you 're not innocent anymore we accept that we were assholes in the past and oppressed kurds but the people they killed had nothing to do with that . 
  for example they killed 2 police officers few days ago so please tell me what those officers had to do with discrimination of kurds ? 
   also , do you have any source for the extraordinary claim that ` pkk has killed more than isis ever did in terms of casualties ' ? 
  well to be honest i googled it a bit and could n't find a clear answer about how much casualties isis caused but pkk killed 6,653 soldiers , police officer etc. . . and caused 40.000 civilian casulties so i do n't know if isis kills more but pkk certainly killed a lot of people . 
   turkey launched near-simultaneous strikes against pkk camps in iraq and islamic state fighters in syria last friday , in what davutoglu has called a `` synchronised fight against terror '' . 
  good both pkk and isis deserve it . 
  my only problem is akp also targeting ypg time to time ... 
  what you do n't understand is it 's not their land they 're just the majority ethnicity living in the area in fact they become majority in east anatolia at ottoman era before that they were mainly living in mesopotamia ( iraq ) . 
  that 's also why when seljuk empire declined not a single kurdish principality emerged . 
  it was either turkish , greek or armenian . 
  scotland on the other hand has existed for decades and has clear cut borders that 's not up for dispute . 
  they governed that land for hundreds of years while kurds never did it 's not even up for comparison . 
  by the way do n't get me wrong i 'm absolutely against oppressing the minorities . 
  kurds should have equal rights and be able to have education in their own language but just because we were dicks in the past does n't give them right to claim our land . 
  if anybody aside from us has claims on these lands it 's greeks and armenians not kurds . 
  we could look after their land till they return . 
  we can if we work for it but right now eu is n't worth it . 
  obviously ... 
  never understood the logic behind this ... 
  well he 's actually right but we were supposed to leave after we ensured that cyprus would stay independent from greece and turk cypriots are safe . 
  well neighbors i guess your country will be a lot more interesting from now on . 
  let 's just hope you guys manage to survive . 
  nah r/europe is n't that bad people actually listen to reason here compared to r/worldnews at least . 
  great , greeks are our neighbors , they helped us at earthquakes so we should help as much as we can . 
  it can for example turkey would n't mind iraqi kurdistan becoming independent . 
  what we against is a pkk controlled kurdistan . 
  turkey plans to invade syria to fight against both isis and ypg not just kurds . 
  i cringe every time when i see people who think kurds are secular ... 
  they 're not , secular kurds are a minority just like secular turks . 
  in fact in some kurdish regions fma is practiced in alarming levels . 
  honor killings are also generally committed by kurds . 
  definitely assad . 
  pkk was n't much different from isis few years back . 
  you want a kurdish state ? 
  that 's fine but you ai n't getting a single slice from turkey . 
  if they agree to this term i have no problem about kurds getting their own nation . 
  not really surprising german muslims are mostly turks and they migrated decades ago so they already integrated but for some reason majority of them still vote for akp making . 
  now i wonder what the result would be if this study were made in france . 
  we do n't want to pay any reparations and it 's kinda hard to recognize something you strongly denied for 100 years . 
  personally i do n't care it 's been 100 years lots of terrible things happened in the past and you can find injustice in every age . 
  people who committed are dead and % 99 of people who experienced are dead as well . 
  armenians should just move on turkey is n't nowhere near recognizing the genocide . 
  in the parliament literally only hdp would in favor of recognizing it . 
  yes lets ignore the topic at hand and talk about turkey . 
  very unlikely we did n't even had full sharia law in ottoman empire . 
  akp 's support for isis were because of assad and kurds not because they want turkey to be part or isis . 
  i hate how the youth mixes english words to their everyday speak because they think it 's cool in a few years i 'm pretty sure lots of turkish words will be replaced by english ones which bothers me a lot . 
  i would assume it 's even worse in european nations . 
  i mean it 's the language that makes us different so people who lose their language are doomed to lose their national identity . 
  this is why i have utmost respect for french . 
  they stick to their language no matter what and refuse to let english influence it . 
  yeah those turks you do n't like actually built your nation back after wwii you did n't take them because eu is so pro-immigrant you did it because you needed a work-force fast which is completely different than our situation .
