  i hate pkk just as much as the next guy but ffs they are not behind every attack . 
  did n't they use it when attacking the us embessy?https : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_united_states_embassy_bombing_in_ankara, 
  hot damn that 's a an awesome comeback . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  where did i claim the kid was terrorist ? 
  i participated in gezi protests read before writing a wall of text . 
  this country 's goverment killed him but dhkp-c are terrorists and just using kid to commit terrorism . 
  obviously there is no proof that 's why i said it was `` likely '' dhkp-c and gave my reasoning his birthday and courthouse is only logical target for dhkp-c . 
  and this time it is most likely [ dhkp-c ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutionary_people%27s_liberation_party/front ) i swear it is fucking 2017 and we still have commie terrorists . 
  today is [ berkin elvan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berkin_elvan ) 's birthday which is why i think it is dhkp-c . it is disgusting how these people use the kid 's legacy to commit terrorism . 
  lol this post gon na trigger some white supremacists . 
  jokes aside i am surprised most said yes in turkey . 
  since when wanting your wife to obey you meant removal of women from the streets ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  so people in those countries do n't believe equality in marriage and ? 
  how does that cause streets and cafes turn to a sausage fest ? 
  did you ditch the logic 101 in high school or something ? 
  nope they are not i can also go and find some poll with random percentages in fact here i just found a crazy poll in two seconds . 
  apparently % 30 of americans believe obama is muslim and more than half of them got his religion that he publicly told several times wrong . 
  yeah i am sure % 75 of americans do n't know their president 's correct religious belief . 
  i am sure if i go us and ask people on the street 2 out 3 of them would get it wrong ... nationwide polls always been unreliable , no poll ever predicted election results properly , no poll will accurately represent the beliefs of a society because you ca n't judge millions of people by asking something to few dozen people . 
  there are too many variables to consider you 're not judging the avarage size of the sheeps in herd here . 
  i would counter your argument if you even had any other than throwing percentages that are n't even all that relevant . 
  ah le i checked few polls so i 'm expert on muslims and islam guy . 
  i was wondering where you were you do n't have a long ass copy paste this time ? 
  lem me check a bit of your history and yep a page full of talking about islam . 
  obsession is unhealthy you know it is baffling how many of you exist on reddit . 
  i do not even understand the reasoning behind this . 
  erdogan himself shit talks isis all the time and calls them terrorists ... 
  i did n't watch the video but this sounds misleading she probably said something anti-goverment as well not that that 's any better but i am sick of these attempts to paint turkey as isis supporters . 
  i know that it does n't exist . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with racial profiling . 
  we can the people i talk about are a minority but still a significant minority and our goverment gives them emotional support becuase they are useful . 
  try twitter . 
  aktrolls are already praising the attack . 
  i wrote this after seeing posts supporting them . 
  it seems like people care more about the attack being blamed on islam instead of the attack itself . 
  in fact people calling for the arrest of the owner because he apparently got warning from cia . 
  you guys know what the worst part is ? 
  lots of fuckers in this country will praise this attack or blame the victims by accusing them of being kafirs for drinking and enjoying nightlife . 
  goddamit and this is why i stayed at home in new year . 
  you ca n't have fun in turkey anymore and now we gon na play `` whodunit '' again . 
  for some reason majority of trouble maker asylum seekers in europe are from maghreb countries ... why is that exactly ? 
  also why do europe tolerate people from these countries ? 
  unless they are political dissidents who are prosecuted in their home country they should be easily sent back . 
  none of those countries are massive warzones like syria or afghanistan . 
  what the fuck ? 
  man ambassadors really require some personal bodyguards . 
  yes we expected it was just korea , france or us style system but we were wrong it literally is dictatorship now that we know what it means . 
  for example turkish armed forces will be directly tied to presidency so to him which means erdogan can basically order an invasion without even a voting in parliament . 
  you ca n't remove kebab without guns . 
  yeah but all except chp suck . 
  we got mhp so called opposition . 
  the current leader of mhp has been sucking erdogan 's dick for some time and purged any mps that were against cooperating with akp . 
  they are also crazy nationalists ... hdp a pro-kurdish party but they too concerned about pkk and autonomy to act like a proper opposition . 
  since their connections with pkk is apparent they also get purged . 
  seriously they make it too easy for erdogan to make a case against them ... chp only strong opposition it is the ataturk 's party the defenders of secularism and kemalism . 
  i really like current leader of chp but lots of people seem to think he is too soft . 
  chp is the only party erdogan ca n't exactly touch because if something happens to them a civil war is certain . 
  he did n't even insult him all he said was he would n't serve erdogan tea if he came to his cafeteria . 
  i say worse things to him everyday ... 
  seriously what 's next ? 
  he gon na jail people for refusing to present their ass to him ? 
  they find it perfectly normal . 
  these people do not believe that you have right to insult the president of the country but i highly doubt they would upheld this bullshit if the president was someone they dislike . 
  it is similar to thailand 's lese majeste law but for actual politicians not monarchs . 
  not really erdogan 's way is jailing people . 
  do n't remember a time an anti-akp journalist ended up dead . 
  damn which wizard academy is this ? 
  not christmas but in new year if you have no where to go it is custom to play tombola with your family . 
  what year is this ? 
  you 're the only one talking about any complex here . 
  i just do n't like posts that literally mean `` hello europeans look how much we suck '' . 
  without any insight or humor . 
  the pictures are plain morbid it should n't be spread around . 
  lol like this is something to be proud of . 
  that 's awfully arbitrary way to decide who to refuse entry . 
  with that logic might as well refuse everyone . 
  nooooo dude why you got ta post it here :(, 
  dude please you are embarrassing yourself . 
  like there is no shame in not trying to argue about stuff you 're ignorant about and at least read the first few sentences of the link you posted :  is the variety of the turkish language that was used in the ottoman empire . 
  it borrows , in all aspects , extensively from arabic and persian , and it was written in the ottoman turkish alphabet . 
  during the peak of ottoman power , persian and arabic vocabulary accounted for up to 88 % of its vocabulary , [ 2 ] while words of arabic origins heavily outnumbered native turkish words . 
  anyway let me give you a short lesson . 
  ottoman turkish was the language spoken by the elite and it was like % 50 arabic % 40 persian and % 10 turkish since it was too hard to write turkish in arabic the actual arabic and persian words/grammar were used . 
  the common folk always spoke the language we speak today but they were unable to read and write because arabic alphabet was too incompatible with turkish . 
  ataturk adapted the latin alphabet for that reason otherwise the literacy rates would have never gone up and because latin fit the turkish adequately all it needed was a few extra letters like \u011e and \u00dc . 
  it had nothing to do with `` making it look european '' . 
  also we had our own turkish alphabet like greeks does but it was unused for far too long so it did n't evolve with the modern turkish hence latin was used . 
   i just do n't see why we deny the fact that turks are n't european . 
  because it is n't a fact 15 million turks live in european side of turkey and most have always lived there . 
  they are not less european than you are . 
   you do n't look european let me guess you never been to istanbul or any part of western turkey ? 
  i am like white as a norwegian myself . 
  turkey is ethnically diverse . 
  you ca n't classify turks as `` not looking like european '' since there are turks with all colors and shapes . 
   your language had to be overhauled to even seem european and not arabic . 
  lol at least try to not make it too obvious that you 're ignorant about this topic . 
  turkish is completely different from arabic even the structure of the language is different . 
  and whether turkish has european roots or not is irrelevant unless you claim that iran is european .
