  this has been going on for 15 years . 
  since the day erdogan claimed his throne he has been working on silencing media yet europe and us was silent . 
  why do you think there are suddenly billions of articles about erdogan but not back then ? 
  when we were here suffering european media and politicians were praising erdogan on how he fixed all problems of the country how he was a great economist . 
  ergenekon trials were never a topic in eu parliament . 
  the victims were never granted asylum like some journalists and soldiers in recent purge . 
  european politicians were silent though the whole thing . 
  it makes me angry because the concern is n't real . 
  eu and us just wants a puppet whether it is democratic or dictatorship is irrelevant . 
  this new wave of anti-erdogan sentiment is entirely because he dropped being pro-west not because they give a shit whether turkey is a free society or not . 
  hell just check the reaction to recent coup attempt . 
  western media trying to push it as a fake and after months there are barely any articles that explains the whole thing properly . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  because the putschists were gulenists and gulen is the alternative west needs . 
  he is almost exactly same with erdogan . 
  islamist , authoritarian , has a personalty cult behind him but he is still pro-west which is what western world wants . 
  but you guys did n't read the names of our purged officers , journalists and lawmakers by gulen and erdogan in [ ergenekon trials ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ergenekon_trials ) in eu parliment . 
  did you ? 
  europe should stop acting like they care about the arrested journalists . 
  only thing they care is a pro-western turkey and erdogan dropped being one recently . 
  you ignored all his authoritativeactions to this date and now you act like you care . 
  i am sick of this european hypocrisy . 
  turkey has been going to the shitter for a while we do n't need some snuck up white men to act like they care . 
  in ww1 allies tried to annex turkey with treaty of serves . 
  it was 10 time worse than what germany got . 
  and after that failed they tried to do it at the turkish war of independence by pushing their proxy greece to occupy ankara and force dissolution of grand national assembly of turkey . 
   ` disturb the social peace ' this is the line i assume . 
  the one on the plate supposed to be a sandwich ? 
  lol you do n't know mhp then . 
  in 99 earthquake greece proposed to send us blood for injured but mhp fuckers said they would n't put greek blood into turks . 
  sure man if isis ever blows up bombs in your country . 
  you would totally not want to take action . 
  not tying to be an asshole just stating the truth . 
  nobody except greece and cyprus cares about us occupying the half of the island . 
  is it illegal ? 
  yeah it is . 
  invasion was n't but the occupation is . 
  also we ca n't really pack up our bags and leave now that we essentially colonized the island with settlers it would be another shitstorm where cypriot goverment trying to remove mainland turks . 
  what you are asking is a political suicide . 
  it is been 40 years legality is irrelevant now . 
   turkey is still occupying cyprus territory diffrent goverment did the invasion we are talking about current one back in the day we meant what we said and also there is no reason to leave cyprus before cypriots sign a treaty . 
   has invaded syria illegally and supported islamic militants there who wage jihad against infidels invasion of syria was fully legal not sure where did you reach to the conclusion and islamist rebels turkey supported never left syria . 
  they want to turn syria to an islamic republic they are islamists not jihadists who wage war on world like isis . 
  please show me one attack by fsa outside of syria . 
  i do not like them as well since i am against islamism but your accusation is false . 
   has been accused by iraqi government of illegal invasion and occupation of territory as if there is any country who takes iraqi goverment seriously . 
  even their autonomous region krg bullies them . 
  iraq is incapable of cleaning pkk camps in their region so it is us who need to do it . 
   uses diaspora for spy operations so like everyone . 
  if you think any major country does not have spies you live in a la la land . 
   tortures , rapes & suppresses political minority `` i ran out of things to write so i 'll make up something that sounds bad '' u/raadsman you guys are just hilarious we lived in this country forever we know our goverment better than you ever will . 
  an critical referendum coming so they are saying bullshit to collect votes . 
  that 's fucking it . 
  it is no different that lies of brexit campaign . 
  it is always fun when countries make up problems out of thin air to conceal their real problems . 
  then you agree with me you dummy . 
  but turkey does n't have death penalty and i would highly doubt any european country would harbor a death row convict from usa . 
  you guys are just taking the moral high ground just because they are from turkey . 
  wow this was the most stupid comment i read today . 
  next time read what you type down to not look like a moron . 
   what does being gulentist has to do with granting them asylum . 
  being gulenist may be illegal at your backward-country . 
  it is not here in germany , because we grant the people freedom of political beliefs . 
  oh really ? 
  so i can be a nazi there ? 
  piss the fuck of some political beliefs are dangerous . 
  gulenists are islamists who want to form a caliphate with their leader cleric gulen as a head . 
  they want iran like goverment . 
  no sane people would want these people in thier country and all i said was making sure these people are clean . 
   on the contrary , those who can not fall themselves onto such ideas and respect other people 's political beliefs , such as erdogan fan-head like yourself , should be subjected to background check . 
  are . 
  you . 
  retarded . 
  first you say you got freedom of political beliefs then you say i should be subjugated to background check . 
  did your mother drop you when you were child ? 
  how does one person be this clueless ? 
  also where the fuck you got that i was erdogan fan ? 
  i fucking hate that son of a bitch never ever call me a erdogan fan you islamists loving fuck . 
   in fact , the turkish diaspora who sought only to exploit their freedom of expression by silencing the same rights of other people should be deported back to erdogan 's turkey where they love and have never lived . 
  then why do you want gulenists ? 
  you do realize they did the same in russia and literally banned right ? 
  you do realize those people do not believe your western values right ? 
  go read a book about them and come back . 
  you 're just making a fool of yourself here . 
  china numba wan !, 
  it is for their own good . 
  gulenists are islamists their education centers are like suadi mosques . 
  well i can respect that but that seems counterproductive imo . 
  i certainly would care who i would grant asylum to . 
  your point is ? 
  there is a reason why gulenists are banned in russia . 
  i though europe hated islamists . 
  why the change of heart ? 
  you guys do n't want refugees because they might be islamists but gulenists are fine ? 
  all i said was germany should make sure that they are clean ... 
  just so people know not everybody targeted by erdogan is automatically good . 
  germany should first investigate these people to make sure they are not gulenists before granting them asylum . 
  germany assumed they will eventually leave so they were isolated and discriminated and there was no attempts to assimilate them . 
  which created a turkish community that 's very passionate about their turkishness and culture . 
  they like erdogan because he accepted them while they were shunned in germany .
