  erdogan is really scared . 
  they tear down or censor anything that has `` no '' in it which is why i am kinda optimistic about the referandum but i also feel like erdogan wo n't accept the outcome . 
  too bad tombili died :(, 
   but then these same people spew the most racist , homophobic , transphobic , misogynistic things you can ever read/hear , like they can only be ` one-upped ' by islamists who take that rhetoric a step further . 
  totally agree last night i found an popular alt-right youtube page that speaks about how left destroyed europe etc. . . and when i was looking at the vids he posted i searched for the most watched one and the title literally was `` how women destroy civilizations '' . 
  holy shit . 
  this woman is crazy ... how is she even get any votes ? 
  every country has crazy far-right/left politicans who make outrageous pledges like this but they generally barely get 1 % of the votes . 
  this already exists in turkey for years . 
  in turkey for most being muslim basically means not eating pork or drinking and going to mosque in once in friday . 
  most of turkish muslims ca n't survive a week under sharia law because they are simply too used to secular lifestyle and only do bare minimum religious activities . 
  should have been izmir . 
  i know this is a joke but istanbul is really not greek by any means apart from historical buildings . 
  there is also [ polonezk\u00f6y ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polonezk%c3%b6y ) . 
  most polish town in turkey . 
  eh i mean technically it could be correct . 
  erdogan is a massive retard he has no power in western world no european have any reason to fear him . 
  yeah but they are citizens of germany . 
  how is a third generation immigrant is not citizen by birth already ? 
  that means not just themselves even one or both of their parents literally born inside the country . 
  i think it is around 50-50 contrywide but it varies a lot depending on the place . 
  aww did you got triggered ? 
  i see the worlds longest running butthurt is still going . 
  so how do you shit with that 564 years old butthurt ? 
  istanbul is literally europe i thought that was accepted even by even you guys . 
  congratulations in today 's post about turkey you are the one who did the overused completely useless and pointless comment about turkey 's candidacy to eu . 
  here 's your [ prize ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/134679-reddit-bronze-medal-meme-gold-2jzt.png ), 
  we thought it was like that at first but once you read the changes you see it is a lot more extreme from french or korean system . 
  the wikipedia article about upcoming referandum is very detailed there is a list of changes there . 
  damn i think greeks infiltrated the us congress . 
   phobia suggests unfounded fear . 
  yeah which fits the situation just right . 
  you need to have a very unfounded fear to ban an entire country 's citizens from immigrating to your country . 
  that means that you fear them so much that you do n't even believe that tightening the immigration process will be enough . 
   there are countries with very well founded fear and dislike of islam . 
  east-southern european countries had contact with islam for centuries . 
  lmao what a bunch of bullshit . 
  nobody alive lived though those days . 
  otherwise all africans have the right to hate europeans with passion . 
  if gon na talk about historical oppression europeans should be the most hated group in the entire world . 
   you ca n't force them to believe `` islam is peace '' and will enrich them after centuries of war , oppression and genocide . 
  and ? 
  who is forcing them to believe that islam is peace ? 
  islam was never peaceful just like any other religion . 
  religion is fundamentally against peace because you can not spread your religion with peace . 
  any religion that attempted to be peaceful did not reach to 21 . century . 
  what people is and always just tolerance . 
  if you ca n't even tolarate muslims because you fear they are gon na start genociding , blowing themselves up and oppress you again you my friend have a severe case of islamophobia and should reconsider where you get your information from . 
   have some empathy . 
  i wonder if you got any empathy for the thousands of muslims killed by western world and i 'm not talking about ancient history here i am talking about things that happened in 21 . century . 
   russians have laws imposed on them by the government . 
  lmao ... go look at the opinion polls about gays in russia . 
  nobody is imposing shit they want that . 
   muslims choose to have islam imposed on them wherever they go . 
  most muslims leave their home because they are tired of the bullshit of islamic governments . 
  they do n't want to bring that shit there otherwise what the fuck is the point ? 
  why leave if you gon na make the place you emigrate the same ? 
  think before typing an argument please . 
  apart from some nutjobs there are barely any attempts by muslims to bring any ideology to west . 
  the problem is integration process takes time and it takes even longer when there is barely any attempt to integrate muslim to western society . 
  you can not expect a man who believed that gays were literally spawn of satan for his entire life to change that belief in a whim . 
  lmao what no it would n't . 
  islamophobia in europe was always a thing and muslim did not start hating gays and liberal values yesterday . 
  then implement a process to make sure that only the ones who 're not so high in islam are allowed entry . 
  if it 's not about being far right you would prefer alternate methods over fucking over millions of people based on assumptions . 
  he 's a dutch kurd . 
  just check his comment history . 
  it is entairly filled with pkk propaganda ofc he 'll keep saying we 're isis . 
  they are the ones who started that shit in the first place ... 
  sorry but your fact is mostly wrong . 
  he was not hanged by young turks he was lynched by an angry mob and he was not just a critic he was part of a community who wanted to put turkey under the british mandate and he committed high treason by aiding british occupiers . 
  not true . 
  ottoman empire had massive casualties in all fronts including inland with rebels . 
  while armenian deaths is also a big factor even if you exclude them it would still be above 10 %, 
  we central powers liked it that way i guess ... 
   russia 's parliament voted 380-3 on friday to decriminalize domestic violence in cases where it does not cause `` substantial bodily harm '' and does not occur more than once a year . 
  according to article you wo n't if you do n't cause a `` substantial bodily harm '' and repeat it . 
  i guess it is okay to beat your wife once a year . 
  if only erdogan had the balls to actually do it . 
  but he loves playing europe 's dumpster i guess . 
  well after what we had back in ottoman days a simple one is better imo ... 
  i mean just look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_the_ottoman_empire#/media/file:osmanli-nisani.svg ) . 
  it should be automatic . 
  like pulling up your zipper or pants . 
  it does n't matter what you did in the bathroom you wash your hands when you 're leaving . 
  also think it like this . 
  your hand is probably already swarming with bacteria . 
  it is good idea to wash it when you 're already in the bathroom . 
  do n't just think what you did in the bathroom think everything you did since you last entered the bathroom . 
  ikr this is the weirdest culture shock i am experiencing . 
  do people who do n't wash their hand after doing their business in bathroom really exists ? 
  okay i am not shaking hands with a dutch ever again . 
  ca n't read it becuase it 's german but they indeed removed evolution from biology class . 
  the other changes is probably exaggerated . 
  the religion class book always had lines claiming people without belief in god are prone to being danger to society but secularism was never mentioned in them . 
  the definition of atheism was also passive aggressive in it the last time i checked . 
  i love how whenever this guy is mentioned headlines has to mention he is a muslim . 
   i 'm not trying to be contradictory , i 've never heard of racist event happening involving an english person . 
  never ever . 
  worst things i 've heard from english people are football chants at the germans in the euros , which genuinely is light hearted fooling around .
