  ending talks is an unnecessary step back . 
  the post-coup purge is just an excuse erdogan did similar stuff before and eu was fine with it . 
  it is only natural that i would want all that work to produce something of value . 
   are n't you happy that we are n't imposing our democratic values on you anymore ? 
  if only that were the case ... 
  lol reddit is offically / pol / now . 
  lol like it matter he wo n't touch the nukes . 
  he is not suicidal ... 
  i think erdogan possessed this guy . 
  i thought this was about elections not his policies . 
  it is not his fault that we keep voting him in after all those crazy shit he does . 
   systematic imprisonment of people who are critical of the government is no small matter oh that thing which is around since 2002 strange how the biggest steps to eu accession happened after 2002 . 
  please cut the crap we both know that eu used to adore erdogan and did n't give two shits about his crackdown on media and freedom of speech you guys only acting like he 's hitler right now because he is not pro-europe anymore . 
   it goes against basic human rights , not to mention freedom of speech . 
  it is unacceptable in european basic democratic principles . 
  europe has a pretty lackluster freedom of speech in the first place and most europeans are pretty okay with banning certain speeches that are deemed dangerous or insulting so by your logic eu is neither european nor democratic then . 
  if you 're looking for freedom of speech try usa . 
   i 'm pretty sure no european is against the decision of ceasing talks until the situation changes . 
  irrelevant . 
  turkey 's candidacy was never popular with europeans yet that was never was used as a reason to end the talks . 
  yeah sure pal that is why your leaders fail to say that to our face for years until now . 
  i bet you do n't even know that the biggest steps for turkey 's accession to eu was taken under erdogan 's goverment how ironic . 
  what a remarkable coincidence that you guys started being honest with us when turkey started to distance herself from the west . 
  the moment we drop our interest you guys say that we never had a chance in the first place . 
  if lying to us for years by saying we have a chance to bind us to your sorry union is not carrot stick i do n't know what is . 
   especially now with dictato\u011fan in charge . 
  what year is this 2002 ? 
  erdogan is democratically elected though . 
  there is nothing illegitimate about his presidency . 
  huh ? 
  how is ending talks because turkey is n't ready is resonable ? 
  not letting turkey in is reasonable membership talks exist to determine whether the candidate ready to become a member or not in the first place . 
  there is no reason to end the taks unless turkey brings back capital punishment or something . 
  seriously i am baffled how you 're and all the people upvoted you unable to see the massive contridiction . 
  because they are german citizens ? 
  i do n't like how the things are in turkey but that does n't mean i would jump on the first plane and go somewhere else . 
   yeah poor little turkish cypriots . . its tough occupying another countries land ... turkish cypriots are n't occupying anywhere they are locals and they were the main victims of the greek oppression on the island . 
  electro is at it again i do not know anyone more butthurt than you in this subreddit . 
  not once erdogan advocated abolishment of secularism and he does n't plan anything like that in near or far future since the new constitution he offers is fully secular . 
  he even went to egypt and made a pro-secular speech in front of the muslim brotherhood back in the day . 
  turkey is going for iraq style dictatorship not iran style theocracy . 
  goddamit new zealand stop taking our spot . 
  because mhp basically ready to hand over turkey to akp on a golden platter . 
  yeah . 
  main motivation for voting hdp for kurds is because they 're pro-autonomy does n't matter religious or secular . 
  the bill itself does n't sound that bad however it 'll easily be exploited . 
  you do n't give power to consent to children for a reason . 
  we always did . 
  most porn sites are blocked . 
  welcome to the club uk . 
  does n't matter the news is correct it is all around the media in turkey . 
   will the victims have any say in this ? 
  yes and no . 
  you see the victim has to agree to marry however we 're talking about kids here they can easily be coerced or manipulated to marry . 
   what about a dude who raped another dude , can they get married ? 
  turkey has no gay marriage and honestly i do n't even know if you can get someone who raped a guy charged with rape in turkey . 
  he most likely get charged with assault . 
  it did n't pass in first in first round why would it pass in the second round ? 
  and i have read some radical and outright crazy views in usa but that does n't mean usa would be okay with canon law is it ? 
  people with fucked up opinions exist everywhere hell in southeast turkey child marriage is still a problem but that does n't mean this stuff is any common . 
  child rapists get no mercy in turkey if you get convicted of child rape you wo n't leave prison without some broken bones . 
  except that turkey does n't have sharia so that does n't matter . 
  akp 's logic behind this law is kids bellow the age of 18 apparently can understand the consensuses of marriage and sexual intercourse and could agree to marry to save the person they had sex with . 
  the reason why it will help rapists is you 're automatically legally counted a rapist in turkey if you have sex with a minor . 
  still pretty fucked up because this law will open up a way to families to marry of their daughters as young as 12 without legal problems . 
  i was pointing out that people were outraged i did n't imply it would change anything . 
  well i am not exactly persecuted just disgusted by our goverment not planning to go anywhere yet i 'm gon na wait the voting for the new constitution if it passes i 'll consider my options . 
  honestly erdogan was not this bad back in 2001 . 
  in his 2002 campaign he even did pro-gay statements . 
  to ensure peace and to get the kurdish voters to his side erdogan was a friend of pkk for quite some time . 
  akp even went as far as claim that pkk was not terrorists and let them basically do whatever they please in southeast turkey . 
  they were stockpiling explosives , weapons and recruiting people in plain sight and akp did n't do shit . 
  the only reason akp turned on to pkk is because hdp came along and all kurdish voters went to them hence they tried to appeal the nationalist bunch by attacking pkk . 
  only thing akp cares is whether they keep the throne or not ... 
  there is no way this would pass but akp are sick fucks for even proposing this outrageous bullshit . 
  any respectable party would have kicked out their members who support this . 
  edit : hashtag #tecav\u00fczme\u015frula\u015ft\u0131r\u0131lamaz ( rape can not be legitimized ) is on top in twitter worldwide . 
  that 's not a civil war . 
  pkk tried to rally the local population but was only able to rally few people in select few neigborhoods which mostly consisted of kids . 
  the order was brought in few months . 
  akp sued k\u0131l\u0131cdaroglu for insults before and nothing happened . 
  the situation between hdp and chp is diffrent chp is untouchable since it is the party of ataturk . 
  if anything happens to chp it would lead to actual civil war like syrian civil war style . 
  hdp on the other hand just another pro-pkk party . 
  turkey closed a lot of pro-pkk parties before it is nothing new ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_political_parties_in_turkey#banned_parties, 
  330 , akp hold 317 of it . 
  there are 39 mps from mhp which might fuck us up . 
  i swear if mhp votes yes i 'm seriously leaving this country . 
  this is just for referendum by the way . 
  mhp 's leader bahceli might be idiot but there is still a strong opposition inside mhp who would not vote yes to this new constitution . 
  no matter what erdogan does hdp is n't going anywhere until 2019 he can jail mps all he wants hdp still will vote and chp is currently untouchable because it would cause a civil war . 
  in his dreams currently all opposition parties are against to this new constitution . 
  he does n't have enough mps to get it passed in the parliment . 
  only ? 
  that number is surprisingly high . 
  it is not easy to come to a country as a economic immigrant/refugee and find a proper job . 
   so the eu should just let erdogan do however he pleases ? 
  do n't act like eu is the moral police of the world you let suadi arabia to do whatever they please but erdogan acting like a dictator is too much now ? 
   at some point turkey has to feel consequences . 
  the question is who has the stronger leverage , turkey with it 's refugees or the eu with it 's economic power .
