  i genuinely never heard of similar stuff happening in europe . 
  i 'm serious especially towards muslim women yet both events targeted them it 's bizarre ... 
  idk man ... banning specific swimwear in beaches and refusing to serve to muslim women ... 
  i generally follow european news and this is the first time i 'm hearing any of this happen in a european country . 
  i mean you might think that i was being harsh but please tell me what would have been your reaction if you saw and article titled `` istanbul restaurant refuses to serve christians '' i 'm sure the comment would have been about how turkey went too shit and how erdogan turning to nation to caliphate bla bla bla ... 
  so i do n't think my comment was too unreasonable judging by r/europe standards . 
  sure but we keep hearing weird stuff unheard of in europe from france in these days . 
  like i understand that the terrorism makes them do irrational decisions we have been there as well but it 's getting ridiclous . 
  man france really went full retard these days ... 
  uhh ... 
  i have never in my life saw someone eat pizza with a fork and a knife . 
  this is highly irregular eating pizza with knife and fork just wrong . 
  wtf ... 
  this is so haram that i 'm coming there to blow myself . 
  you accept to believe it yourself . 
  last time i checked france did n't force you to be a muslim but i see france forcing you to undress in beaches . 
  so does muslims in netherlands . 
  totally man we banned kurdish and their cultural festivals back in the day and now kurds are totally turks now . 
  banning stuff is a way to go ... / s, 
  lol sure bro . . 
  ca n't man i 'm addicted . 
  ran out of armenians to kill a turk got ta live . 
  i said it was clearly breaking the french constitution at the first ban 's post and people downvoted me to hell . 
  europe is pretty divided to have a untied army if you ask me . 
  because you were kind enough to tell me it is . 
  i have never seen a woman wear a burka before . 
  sure ... but burka not even once ... 
  i assume it 's rarer in germany than france because most muslims in germany are turks . 
  we 're doing something guys !, 
  we 're fighting isis !, 
   that means no forcing women to do something because some form of islam `` says '' so . 
  i do n't even know what to say this is literally what you support right now how dense are you ? 
  you 're forcing women to at least open half of their body in a beach yet say `` no forcing women to do something '' seriously how fucking dense are you ? 
  lol return of the kid who ca n't make a point by at least going 100 years . 
  please go emberess yourself elsewhere mate ... 
  oh so you admit that france is acting like suadi arabia and it 's fine to be like them ? 
  this `` they do it as well '' argument is the most stupid argument i have ever seen . 
  it only harms your credibility more ... 
  it also includes nikab right ? 
  westereners generally confuse nikab and burka ... burka is mostly only seen in afghanistan . 
  a good portion of ypg are actually turkish kurds . 
  ypg might not personally be involved in terrorist attacks but they are in kck and allies with pkk hence they are threat . 
  this rojava would be a safe heaven for pkk if it becomes a reality in fact it already is lots of bombers in turkey came from kobani disguised as refugee . 
  ypg also does not recognize the southeast turkey and call it north kurdistan and iclude in their maps of kurdistan which is clearly a threat to take control of it . 
   i know it 's impossible to prove , but surely you agree with the fact that the vast majority of women do not wear this out of free will ? 
  only someone who has no idea what he 's talking about would claim that  perhaps they realise they have no choice because of pressure from their husband or family and then decide to `` might as well make the most of it '' and say they do n't mind , but that 's still not out of total free will . 
  if that 's the case good job you just prevented them from going to the beach completely with that ban . 
  your ban did n't solve anything just made everything worse ...  hypothetically speaking : if you 'd transplant those women in to a world without religious family members , i seriously doubt they 'd still be wearing a headscarf . 
  they would you 're just ignorant and assume stuff without knowing barely anything . 
  in turkey we debated this over and over and over again and women always expressed that they want to wear it by their own free will after bans . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/headscarf_controversy_in_turkey, 
  i thank you france for overshadowing the retarded statements of our own politicians with yours ... 
  not integrated enough to give up hijab yet i guess since it 's also a bit cultural . 
  if hijab ever gets banned like burka and nikab solutions like that would be most likely used by muslim women . 
   you ask them to take it off . 
  normally nobody gets upset about that , as in taking off the shoes in other houses . 
  there are countries that is not normal to ask someone to remove their shoes bro ...  also people are not as stupid not to know that a certain clothing is religiously mandated . 
  what you are suggesting is basically looking away from the issue . 
  no it 's the opposite what you 're saying is the looking away from the issue and you talk like you did n't even read what i wrote . 
  hijab is not religiously mandated covering your hair is you can wear billions of different stuff to cover your hair like a beanie for example . 
  are you gon na ban wearing beanies in work place as well because it 's worn for religious reasons ? 
   like saying its not a cross , its a t neckless , or having crucifix on the wall and saying its a sculpture . 
  dude please stop if you even think about it for 2 second you would realize that your examples are not even close . 
   you just said it 's not worn for religious reasons because it is worn for religious reasons . 
  did i miss something ? 
  everything , you should retry reading . 
  i said it was worn for religious reasons by muslims but it was not a religious clothing by itself . 
  if i use a beanie to cover my hair would it count as a religious clothing hence would it be banned in workplace that does not allow religious attire ? 
  hijab is just the most common choice ...  women wear it for modesty purposes because apparently , men are assumed to be unable to contain their urges , and it 's thereby the woman 's fault if something happens to her while her head 's uncovered . 
  that 's a retarded argument fabricated by western islamaphobes according to islam women are never at fault when they 're attacked . 
  it takes two seconds to realize how retarded that argument is as if someone who want to molest someone will be stopped by a peace of cloth . 
   sorry , come back to the 21st century . 
  that whole `` spiel '' is inherently incompatible with western values that identify individuals as personally responsible for their own actions . 
  and no lack of headscarf will ever make me believe that a man is not responsible for his own actions . 
  i say this all as a woman myself . 
  huh ? 
  what are you talking about did you respond to the wrong person ? 
  the reason why i 'm defending hijab here is because people are responsible for their own actions hence it is silly to tell what they can wear and what they ca n't . 
  we do n't ? 
  a piece of cloth that 's put on your head is not an ordinary clothing ? 
  what else it is then ? 
  you ask everybody why they wear a hat it 's or a beanie ? 
  the employer can impose whatever dress code they wish that is not the point the point was the guy i responded claimed that it is fine to wear an headscarf if it 's not because of religious reasons and i 'm asking how the hell you gon na prove that someone wears it because of their religion ? 
  really bro ? 
  you need explanation to understand it ? 
  hijab is not a religious symbol or a religious clothing it 's just a clothing worn for religious reasons islam orders women to cover their body and hair in presence of men . 
  hence they wear hijab to cover their hair . 
  covering your hair is what 's asked by islam not wearing hijab you can wear a ushanka to cover your hair and it still would count . 
  the guy i responded said that the queen 's headscarf would be fine because it 's not worn for religious reasons which means headscarfs that 's worn for non-religious reasons are fine and if that 's the case anybody can claim that they wear it because they want to and you ca n't make them remove it because you have no way of proving they wear it because of religious reasons . 
  that sounds extremely arbitrary . 
  everybody can easily claim they wear something because they want to . 
  headscarf is not like a cross it 's just a clothing worn for religion reasons . 
  you ca n't prove that it 's worn as a religious attire if the person denies it . 
  sounds kinda douchy to not make that clear before hiring her . 
  you know the reason full well stop acting ignorant . 
  they just want to believe in their religion while also doing their job . 
  it does n't harm anybody and it does n't prevent them from doing their job as good as non religious person ... 
  so what the fuck is the problem ? 
  did you seriously just ask this ? 
  except that nobody is waving their religion towards you . 
  if someone want to wear shorts that does n't mean they 're trying to make everybody wear shorts as well .
