  which is what i 'm saying no ? 
  if pkk is a secular modernist movement how come the folk that support them are so backwards ? 
  why are they not trying to do anything about it ? 
  every week there is a honor killing or a blood feud case from southeast turkey . 
  here 's a [ good read ] ( http://www.expatica.com/de/news/blood-feuds-plague-kurdish-regions_161551.html ) . 
  erdogan tries to islamize turkey how come pkk does not try to secularize and modernize the people they have so much influence over ? 
   first of all , know your own history , it 's filled with genocides and massacres so do n't try to take the moral high ground and parade on that high horse of yours . 
  and how many years you need to go to find those ? 
  there are cases of pkk terrorism today unlike you we stopped . 
   turkey literally fire bombed entire kurdish villages and towns to suppress the kurds , so quite clearly there were schools and hospitals it was willing to destroy to remove the kurdish issue . 
  turks brutally forced local villages to either fight against the pkk or be forced out yeah yeah yada yada . 
  let 's keep killing each-other because people you have never met killed by people you have never met . 
  this is what you 're not getting it 's the fucking past you need to go at least 60 fucking years to even catch a glimpse of those days . 
  we 're talking about today . 
  pkk has no reason to exist today . 
  their fight for rights is bogus because they almost already have all the rights there are only few finishing touches left but we ca n't get to them because pkk terrorism keep occupying the goverment 's time . 
   how about you look in the mirror and take a hard look at your face and tell me you turks have not killed hundreds of thousands of people , teachers , kids , `` medical staff '' . 
  `` yawn '' and your point ? 
  unlike you we do n't deny what we did to kurds in the past . 
  you 're not in the same boat with armenians even erdogan acknowledges the injustice kurds faced . 
  the difference is you 're doing those today while we do not . 
   man seriously , get off that high horse . 
  if you 're going to look at the past and tell me it 's the critical factor here , you should learn some history and count the deaths caused by turks and then come here talking about what you accuse the pkk of . 
  this is not a pissing contest ...  rather than making peace , you would rather set people to kill their own people so you can benefit , that is a kind of low that really marks a dark part in any history , but that 's something you people are completely fine with . 
  if pkk wanted peace we would have had that even before we reached 2000s . 
  although we do not normally negotiate with monstrous terrorist . 
  traitor erdogan did and even he could n't ease pkk 's bloodlust to murder people . 
  enough is enough ... hdp was the last chance pkk was given to stop and handle this dispute like a human beings but terrorists are terrorists you ca n't change their nature . 
  i only hope that we 'll remove this filth from turkey with minimal casualties as possible and i 'm talking about both sides . 
  we should really put kurds to [ those refugee camps ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/16/magazine/how-to-build-a-perfect-refugee-camp.html ) instead of fucking syrians until the operations are over . 
  our citizens should always come first . 
   so why just `` fuck erdogan '' now ? 
  not when it mattered what do you mean i have never voted for erdogan i did my duty i 'm a firm believer of democracy you want us to give up all our values and just kick him out of the office with brute force ? 
   i read one of your previous comments and you suggested turkey should give kurds their rights so the pkk ca n't use that as `` propaganda '' because that 's what it is . 
  pkk has been around for 30 years please tell me what did they do to improve in the kurdistan . 
  did they open hospitals , schools , community buildings to help the population ? 
  did they try to fix the backwards culture that 's dominant there ? 
  instead they bombed schools and hospitals extorted money and blood from the locals murdered teachers and medical staff and you 're here typing with a straight face that they 're fighting for rights . 
  even fucking erdogan did more for kurds than pkk in fact that fucker made a deal with your beloved pkk and allowed those fuckers to stockpile weapons , explosives and keep recruiting or kidnapping kids . 
  why do you think around 5-7 years ago pkk was praising erdogan while akp drones was trying to show sympathy for pkk by blaming old chp government for their uprising . 
  there are speeches of akp deputies saying that pkk are not even terrorists . 
   does the pkk need to literally sit you down and spoon-feed you their struggle , for you to get it ? 
  no because there is no struggle calling this a struggle is just pure insult to the word itself . 
  i 'm not retarded enough to fall for erdogan 's propaganda that goes same with pkk . 
  just get out of here akp and pkk are the same freaking shit they play the crowd with propaganda acting like they care but in the end all they care about is money and their own well-being . 
  hdp showed this very nicely they talked about peace and shit for months pre-elections now we see their `` peace '' . 
  if only there was another party kurdish or not i do n't care that could potentially enter the parliament so we would n't need another group of fuckers alongside akp in assembly . 
  i am completely convinced that erdogan has no idea what streisand effect is . 
  literally everything he tries to conceal becomes the most popular thing in turkey ... 
  western part of turkey is western the rest is not so much . 
  majority of turks are not okay with where the nation is heading but since we 're so divided compared to conservative folk who 're united under erdogan we ca n't really do anything . 
  man fuck off erdogan ... 
  i remember programs that were centered around making fun of politicians back in the day . 
  now look where we are . 
  loool what the fuck ? 
  damn i want whatever these guys are drinking . 
  we should really stop posting sabah articles and wait for different sources . 
  in other words erdogan 's wet dream . 
  depends on who you ask really also you can drink if you 're getting dehydrated to death . 
  you can eat and drink anything if it 'll save your life . 
  lol it was seriously not my intention . 
  i wanted to say : '' ... and still are muslim but eating pork ... '', 
  which is why i said it was interesting . 
  i mean there are some interpretations of islam that it 's okay to drink as long as you do n't get drunk but when it comes down to pork it 's forbidden in every interpretation of islam i have heard of . 
  interesting ... 
  i know lots of people who drink and still muslim but eating pork is a massive no-no in turkey . 
   in fact , if you were to follow qu ` ran word-for-word then the islamic state is exactly how an ideal state would be like and all the things they are doing there ( sex slaves , beheadings of infidels , violent and cruel punishments , jihad etc ) are basically what mohammed had done himself or ordered to be done in his life as well . 
  did you even read the quran ? 
  i 'm not a muslim but this is just ridiclous all those stuff come from hadith which are open to interpretations like bible and when did mohammed declared an offensive jihad exactly ? 
  you can give so many examples of how isis is not even close to being an ideal state for example isis destroyed all those temples , churches , shrines , tombs , mosques , historical sites etc. . . that were there for hundreds of years and were untouched by muslims when conqured . 
  are you saying all the muslims in the last 10 centuries maybe even more were not true muslims ? 
   it kind of makes sense as well , because i have studied the islamic religion i find it hard to believe because you seem to lack the basic information about it . 
  it 's unclear it could be both because things have changed . 
  stuff in 2 was normal back in his day . 
  the religion that existed before islam in arabia was almost same the with islam it was just polytheistic . 
  he did n't came and brought all those teachings he just declared himself the prophet and altered some stuff to make it easier for him to rule . 
   that would defeat the object of showing that these speeches are unacceptable . 
  he did n't give a speech about this he gave his support for terrorist on whatsapp . 
  still unaccaptable but closing the mosque would just cause even more problems . 
  here 's an [ amazing greek movie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nadniwncwu4 ), 
   may i ask ( absolutely no sarcasm or anger ) , but is it not ok to hate islamists ? 
  yes because islamism is an ideology i hate islamism and islamists with passion but i have no problem with muslims . 
  i 'll never understand how these imams are not arrested to this day . 
  i 'm an atheist but i went to mosques very frequently when i was kid and all imams i faced talked about peace and brotherhood all the freaking time . 
  where does european mosques get these imams ? 
  ah fear mongering already started i see . 
  2 bombs does n't not mean guerrilla warfare you wan na see real guerrilla warfare ? 
  look to turkey . 
  but ofc if europe does n't get their shit together soon you 'll have the same fate as we do . 
  you guys should start with giving a shit about warnings from the country that 's 99 % terrorists en route to syria or europe has to pass . 
   gather up ? 
  make your voice heard ? 
  start by informing your neighbours ? 
  make campaigns ? 
  protect mosques from saudi influence ? 
  i 'm pretty sure some already do that . 
  every time muslims do a terrorist attack people bring that up but a simple google search will show you that this is done already . 
   there are other factors that lead to the creation of is , but if the middle east were buddhist , is would not exist that 's an extremely naive approach . 
  nothing would have changed if middle-east was buddhist . 
  people who want to incite violence will manage to do that [ even if they 're buddhists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddhism_and_violence ) .
