  well i wo n't deny it clinton is a lot better for us but from an american stand point if you were to chose between trump and clinton trump is way to go . 
  malaysia for example has a very corrupt right wing government and there are also articles claiming they 're sliding towards dictatorship just like turkey and yet they have a visa-free travel in schengen . 
  not really ... 
  i feel like with each passing year the advantages of being in eu decreases for us and i do n't believe that even if we officially become a member of eu one day , we 'll not be treated as an equal member in any circumstance . 
  i 'm in favor of having as close relationship with eu as possible but not joining we 're unwanted anyway . 
  no you eu spent 1,900.000.000 on refugees even less than what usa spent and they are n't even obligated to do anything unlike us . 
  do it then i 'm sure it 'll be fun taking care of 4 million refugees . 
  we know from experience . 
  those are just empty talks and we know it . 
  do n't even pay attention to those ... 
  let me ask something to you . 
  when did the syrian civil war has started ? 
  all the way back in 2011 ... that 's right we have been dealing with refugees for 5 fucking years we begged for help from eu but you guys only started giving a shit when they started hitting your door as well . 
  so do n't even bother trying to take take the moral high ground ... look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war#financial_aid ) we as a single nation spent almost half of what the entire world has spent on refugees . 
  we already did our share and you 're saying me not only we 'll take care of your refugees , prevent any more of them coming to your lands and do this without any from of compensation apart from you paying some of the expenses not even all ? 
  does it say idiot on our forehead ? 
  i do n't see your point we 're not talking about entering eu here . 
  we 're talking about free-visa travel . 
  there are countries with not so promising governments like turkey that have access to free visa travel in eu . 
   earn ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  you are expecting the eu to actually make this profitable for you ? 
  yes ? 
  why else would we stop refugees from passing to europe they want to go , we want them to go . 
  it 's a win-win situation so europe needs to make the deal profitable to us otherwise what 's the point ? 
  we would be better of without any deals then . 
  use that 3 billion to take care of the refugees yourself . 
  we 're not your serf ... 
  which is not even half of what we spent on refugees and this deal makes us take care of even more refugees because now we ca n't just let them go to europe and the ones in greece are coming back . 
  that money will be spent on refugees so we earn nothing . 
  free visa travel is only thing we get from this deal ... 
  more like a sultanate . 
  erdogan does n't aim to bring sharia to turkey and i do n't think he has plans to declare himself a caliph like isis style . 
   demirtas : the pkk is willing to put down its weapons . 
  biggest lie in the century . 
  how many calls by \u00d6calan to put down their weapons was made to pkk again ? 
  no shit that 's like the only proper thing we 're getting out of this ridiclous deal . 
  that 's offensive to the gay turtles . 
   this is n't true . 
  the turkish military even entered into iranian territory to kill all the christians ( assyrians ) they could find . 
  yeah sure ottoman empire totally had soldiers to spare so they can kill some chirstian civilians . 
  it 's not like there is a war where they 're getting obliterated or anything . 
  let 's kill some christians that 'll help us win it !, 
  the target was armenians there are official documents that specifically say armenian read more about the genocide before making false statements like this . 
   ottoman empire was not getting rid of ` troublesome armenians ' . 
  they just wanted to annihilate every christian they could find . 
  if you 're serious then you have no idea what this genocide was about . 
  millions of christians were left untouched and were given to greece in population exchange at the end of the war . 
  why was they not murdered then ? 
  the target was armenians and armenians only . 
  eh sure but i do n't see harm in calling kurdish majority cities kurdish . 
  it 's no different than calling turkish majority streets in germany turkish streets . 
   it was both turks and kurds that participated in the genocide of armenians and assyrians . 
  turks had no part in assyrian genocide other than overlooking and letting kurds do their thing . 
  unlike armenians there were no orders to deport assyrians or touch them . 
  kurdish tribes just got greedy and had an eye on their land as well . 
   however it was a turkish-led genocide . 
  no it was not it was an mutal beneficial agreement . 
  ottoman empire was getting rid of troublesome armenians and kurdish tribes were finally getting the lands they desired for years . 
  kurds did the pillaging and slaughtering while turks did the deporting . 
  turks handled the armenians in the western cities while kurds did at the actual armenia . 
  however that 's not the whole story . 
  pkk is the one who broke the ceasefire and gave erdogan reason to attack them . 
  i do n't want this as well but i highly doubt there is a way to de-escalate this . 
  we have been trying to have peace for years but pkk just does n't want it after all those negotiations they literally murdered 2 off-duty police officers in their sleep and it 's surfaced that they have been laying bombs all around the cities and stockpiling weapons everywhere . 
  it 's obvious that they were toying with us for years ... erdogan is as mad as pkk he 's using terror to collect votes but i doubt if we had a different government they would just let pkk be after their aggression . 
  good . 
  he fully moved to usa back in 2009 you genius and got heavly influenced by american comedians like jon stewart . 
  he being british is irrelevant his humor is as american as it can get which is why i said you guys should learn from him as he learned from americans . 
  where 's his proof ? 
  that 's a rather massive allegation ... 
  this is how you do satire and comedy . 
  study it europeans ... next time at least try to be funny when you provoke erdogan . 
  define `` backwards '' it 's german law that allows him to ask for prosecution and pretty much every eu nation has an law criminalizes direct insults . 
  before criticizing looking at the mirror is a good thing no ? 
   well , he actively supported the is and tries to silence opposition abroad . 
  no he actively supporting rebels he has no reason to support isis . 
  calling turkey supports isis is as ridiclous as saying belgium or france supports isis also isis is more of a jihadist than islamist . 
  islamists aim to islamize and bring sharia to the country they reside in jihadists on the other hand want to wage far on infidels to murder or force convert everyone . 
  by the way his support of rebels is because of his problems with assad not because rebels mostly consists of islamists . 
  same logic how usa supported foreign islamists before ... 
   do not actually aim to kill civilians . 
  i can find you quite a bit of americans that are seriously okay with nuking or carpet bombing middle-east without having a single shred of care for the civilians or still proud of iraq war . 
  also i find that `` aim '' argument bullshit . 
  there is no difference between an attack on civilians that causes 100 civilians to die and an attack on military target that also causes 100 civilians to die . 
  it 's hilarious how ignorant these people are . 
  you asked the same thing twice now but all you get is downvotes and `` hurr durr turkey is an islamis autocracy '', 
  turkey buys it 's oil from krg . 
  russia 's and syrian kurds ' allegations are already debuked like hundreds of times however it 's true that there 's an oil smuggling route that passes through turkey . 
  then you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  erdogan is not even close to being islamist he 's an authoritarian populist and turkey is not an autocracy you guys should stop reading whatever source you read these bullshit from . 
  there is fucking reason why erdogan is trying way too hard to change the constitution to give himself power . 
   im piggybacking on your comment , im sorry , but please spend 4 minutes to watch the video . 
  started watching it stopped after i read `` this is a kurdish city of cizre occupied by turkey '' . 
  a video that does n't even give you the most basic facts does n't worth to watch . 
  also u/thrwwtrk did you got hacked ? 
  why are you posting anf 's hilariously made propaganda videos that would make kanal a look competent ? 
  general population does n't give a rats ass while pro-goverment newspapers writing ridiclous articles about it . 
  well everybody i know was very horrified there was even a one day mourning for the victims which muslim communities are you talking about exactly ? 
  i really fail to see the connection .
