  i agree but that point has not arrived . 
  the leverage is balanced and both sides seem fine with it . 
  turkey wo n't do anything reckless with the refugees and eu will keep status quo going . 
  everyone equally dissatisfied but it is better than the alternative . 
   when there are really constantly millions of refugees coming and maybe some more terror attacks from them , europe will eventually give up some of it 's human rights and solve it the hard way . 
  it 's basically just some law changing , a formality . 
  maybe but do you want to go with that just so you can fuck over turkey ? 
  all eu countries will start electing right wingers just to get rid of immigrants . 
  eu nations will try to fuck over eachother just so they can have less refugees . 
  the eastern and western europe will be divided than ever . 
  etc etc. . . ofc it will eventually blow over but is it really worth it ? 
   for turkey it 's virtually impossible to regain it 's citizen 's well being without it 's ties to the west . 
  sure but as i said before like erdogan gives a fuck . 
  if turkey gets sanctioned his presidency is forfeit nobody will keep supporting him when the country going for an economical disaster and before going down he 'll make sure he causes as much damage to eu as possible . 
  just let him play king he 'll die eventually or go down gracefully since he 's nearing the amount of time he can hold the presidency office even if people wants him to . 
  like erdogan gives a fuck . 
  if you even thought for a second before writing this you would realize that doing those would cause erdogan to use every single way he has to fuel the illegal immigration to eu and he already showed that he 's pretty good at it and your eu has no reliable way to stop it . 
  you fail to understand the basic premise of my argument . 
  ending turkey means absolutely nothing to eu but getting shit load of refugees do and i am not even counting the new turkish economic immigrants who will rise from this decision . 
  so in the end you gain nothing from sanctioning turkey and nowhere i have claimed that turkey can handle the sanctions just fine . 
  if eu cares punishing turkey more than the well being of their own union no wonder eu is not doing well these days . 
  go on i am sure you 'll have fun with your new 3 million citizens . 
  the only thing keeping erdogan from opening the floodgates is fear of economic sanctions . 
  eu is dumber than i thought if they throw away the only leverage they have over turkey purely because erdogan 's totalitarian policies . 
  well i believe most people are decent human beings but i would n't completely trust anyone i do n't know ... what level of trust are we talking about here ? 
  bu can we trust people enough to trustfully answer this question ? 
  french take their waifus seriously . 
  pkk want us to know that there is no safe space in turkey . 
  the point is to make people even living away from centers to fear . 
  why is european side of turkey is in diffrent color ? 
  you overestimate how pious muslims are . 
  unless you are marrying some real hardcore muslim who wants an imam to marry you most muslims will not care if you are non muslim . 
  hell if they cared they would n't even reach to the point of marriage in the first place . 
  this is the best one by far . 
  i will admit i luaghed when i read the title but that 's fucked up . 
  welp this is gon na trigger some people, 
  that sounds like an excuse to me . 
  so what you do n't have the forced to stop few thousand unarmed people from going in to your country ? 
  they are not illegal period . 
  european governments allowed them in to their countries . 
  lmao that map is geographically false . 
  georgia , azerbaijan , armenia and cyprus are not europe . 
  however since georgia , armenia and cyprus are christian countries they are sometimes counted as europe but azerbaijan is literally sister country of turkey language and culture is almost the same . 
  so if you think one is european enough other should be as well or both out . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/39/europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg/700px-europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg.png ) is the real map of europe yours is map up of based on their own world view of someone it is nor culturally nor geographically correct, 
  azerbaijan is europe turkey is not lmao how high where you when you made this map ? 
  at least be logical ... 
  if you let them in to your country they are not illegal and majority of migrants are from wartorn countries but keep believing what you want . 
  what a fucking cunt . 
  when will people learn that attacking refugees will not solve your problem ? 
  protest your goverment if you think what they are doing is wrong do n't attack people . 
  you do n't really need to . 
  after a while you see them enough to know who they are the jeanjauresjr s already infamous . 
  lol a guy with a shady history post a shady site and you wonder why the post is not upvoted . 
  i do n't see any women and children . 
  what is the point of greying out small parts for minority languages if you wo n't include their version of integral as well ? 
  damn dude your post history is epitome of sad cringe . 
  lmao how does it not make no sense ? 
  lol sure tell that to kurdish activists who are in death row and i love you know absolutely nothing about turkey . 
  then again it is expected when you barely know anything about your own country . 
  anyway turkey is extremely mixed country ethnicity means nothing to us it is all about culture and political ideology otherwise turkey would turn to warzone in 2 days . 
  here 's a good proof of confirmation bias . 
  i am sure this guy wholeheartedly believes this video 's authenticity when anyone with a half brain can see that there is nothing indicating that turkish soldiers beheading anyone . 
  us went to syria to fight isis let 's all forget everything they did in syrian because apparently fighting isis is enough to make you immune of any criticism and guilt . 
  if she wanted to fight isis she would have went when ypg was getting pummeled by isis in kobane not when isis is retreating and tensions between ypg and turkey is all time high . 
  press freedom in turkey is irrelevant . 
  pkk sources has been caught numerous times for doing this . 
  pkk only sees their offical members as millitants everybody else is civilian to them . 
  so they go around and game 15 year old guns and claim they are civilians same with foreigners who came to join them . 
   iran is opposing kurds just like turkey ?!!!!, 
  since when ? 
  since pjak is a thing . 
   and by the principals iran and turkey are `` very '' different concerning kurds lmao iran 's crackdown on kurds and pjak would make erdogan look like a saint . 
  [ educate yourself ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iranian_kurdistan ), 
  if you plan to go to a war torn and join to militant group country you better have an escape route back to safety . 
  turkey 's stance on ypg is pretty clear they should have known better . 
   in fact , in syria , turkey supports jihadist factions like ahrar ash sham who have straight ties with al-qaeda terrorists . 
  if that 's your argument how can you defend ypg when it has direct ties to pkk ? 
  either stop being a hypocrite or be fair . 
  erdogan 's crimes in syria is well documented and known it is you guys who keep making excuses not us . 
  you wo n't see any turk defending ahrar . 
  they were pretty open about why they came . 
  they should have expected this from miles away . 
  it is really hard to romanticize his accomplishments when you look at the background but no one can deny his impact on the world . 
  current events really made me so pessimistic when i read the `` turkish transgender '' first thing that pooped in my mind was something a lot worse . 
   they 're doing exactly what their religion calls for . 
  if that were true you would be dead now . 
  are you aware how many muslims exist on earth ? 
  hell there are enough muslims to form a massive army in europe alone . 
  come on man at least try to understand your enemy ... 
  lmao this is so much horseshit that it is hilarious . 
  ca n't believe this sub makes me side with muslims who ruin my country and that analogy makes me question your sanity . 
  if you truly believe what you wrote you are basically mad and should get help . 
  what is happening here is simple these people are extremist muslims who have a fucked up definition of jihad and believe that they 'll go to heaven if they die fighting for jihad and when you strongly believe in eternal afterlife taking human life does n't sound too evil to them . 
  such a view is only held by a small minority however considering how many muslims exist even a small minority is quite a lot of people anyway anyone who knows anything about religion and islam can see that your argument does n't even make sense . 
  i suggest you to do some research and if you want to stay ignorant at least stop making shit up . 
  lmao that 's an pointless exaggeration that 's basically same with thep ost itself . 
  dafuq is yene s\u00f6z ? 
  i never heard of this paper ... 
  eh depending on who you ask ottoman balkans were also colonies .
