  but why was n't he deported from belgium in the first place ? 
  damn you must be really pissed at something to go on reddit and pathetically insult a random person . 
  it does n't really look like they target civilians . 
  that 's becuase western media does n't show the shit they do . 
  here is a great post that compiled some of the sick stuff pkk did https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3g9kxl/very_disturbing_video_of_kurdish_workers/ctw84eo  kurdish civilians are targeted in suicide bombings so close to an election , and police wo n't allow anyone to render aid ? 
  why people saying `` kurdish civilians '' % 90 of the people in rally were turks it was a anti-war rally not pro-pkk rally . 
   and police wo n't allow anyone to render aid ? 
  sounds suspicious . 
  turkish police known to be pretty bad lately but i did n't heard something like that ambulances arrived as fast as they could after the attack ...  meanwhile , the iraqi kurds came to the aid of the stranded yazidis and provide refuge to arab christians and jews who face persecution from isis . 
  you know peshmarga is basically turkey 's biggest ally in the region and hate pkk right ? 
  they also came though turkey to save the folk that got persecuted by isis . 
   they have also had their basic rights restricted by the turkish government in recent history so did black americans back in the day but hey as you said `` history '' and it 's not that recent . 
  it 's literally more than 50 years ago unless you 're talking about 80s coup government which fucked over everybody . 
  never said i did n't care it 's just that those events are ultimately are n't the reason pkk exists today . 
  pkk founders were inmates of diyarbakir prison and there they got tortured in the most inhumane ways you can think of . 
  ( fyi diyarbakir prison is literally in the world 's 10 worst prisons ) after they were released they were n't able to return to their old lifes anymore because of their hatred to turkish government so they founded a separatist movement . 
  the previous kurdish rebellions were mostly religious and had isis like leaders . 
  they were n't because of kurdish identity they were because of turkey 's secularism and abolishment of caliphate . 
  i did n't give my personal opinion i just gave the stance of the government . 
  i personally believe it was a genocide and we should recognize it so we can actually clear some misinformation about this tragic event also it 's out of topic because it 's not even remotly releted to what we were talking about while i just gave you scenario . 
  i could have given it from any time or place in history and choose black americans . 
   was the turkish language banned ? 
  really dude is that where you stuck at ? 
  after reading all those human right abuses you stuck at banning of using kurdish officially ? 
  * sigh * i think you 're bit confused about the kurdish ban . 
  kurds still talked kurdish with each-other without much problem what was banned where publishing , naming anything in kurdish . 
  like you could n't open a shop in kurdish , have an official kurdish name or publish a kurdish song . 
  talking kurdish was only forbidden in actual government buildings . 
   secondly do n't act like it 's a thing of the past . 
  there are only 1 separate event before the stuff the coup government did and that 's dersim massacre which is horrible and even erdogan apologized for it . 
   nice redirection . 
  is there a movement for an independent black state in the us ? 
  did i say turkey should cede territory to a plausible kurdistan ? 
  do blacks speak a different language than white americans ? 
  are they a nationality ? 
  there is n't . 
  i was giving you a scenario and asking for your opinion about it . 
  never claimed there were such thing . 
  kurdish was banned , the concept of being kurdish was banned that did n't happen to turks . 
  you really do n't know anything about the stuff the coup goverment did if you 're seriously saying that let me give you a bit of perspective . 
   650,000 people were under arrest . 
   1,683,000 people were blacklisted . 
   230,000 people were judged in 210,000 lawsuits . 
   7,000 people were asked for the death penalty . 
   517 persons were sentenced to death . 
   50 of those given the death penalty were executed ( 26 political prisoners , 23 criminal offenders and 1 asala militant ) . 
   the files of 259 people , which had been asked for the death penalty , were sent to the national assembly . 
   71,000 people were judged on account of the articles 141 , 142 and 163 in turkish penal code . 
   98,404 people were judged on charges of being members of a leftist , a rightist , a nationalist , a conservative , etc. 
  organization . 
   388,000 people were not given a passport . 
   30,000 people were dismissed from their firms because they were suspects and therefore inconvenient . 
   14,000 people were removed from citizenship . 
   30,000 people went abroad as a political refugee . 
   300 people died in a suspicious manner . 
   documented that 171 people died by reason of torture . 
   937 films were banned because these were found objectionable . 
   23,677 associations had their activities stopped . 
   3,854 teachers , 120 lecturers and 47 judges were dismissed . 
   400 journalists were asked a total of 4000 years ' imprisonment . 
   journalists were sentenced 3315 years and 6 months ' imprisonment . 
  31 journalists went to jail . 
   300 journalists were attacked . 
   3 journalists were shot dead . 
   300 days in which newspapers were not published . 
   303 cases were opened for 13 major newspapers . 
   39 tonnes of newspapers and magazines were destroyed . 
   299 people lost their lives in prison . 
   144 people died in a suspicious manner . 
   14 people died in a hunger strike . 
   while fleeing , 16 people were shot . 
   95 people were killed in combat . 
   `` natural death report '' for 73 persons was given . 
   the cause of death of 43 people was announced as `` suicide '' . 
  after reading this if you can say that turks were alright under the coup government and it was just minorities that were targeted . 
  i really do n't know what else can i say . 
   which according to the same government totally did n't happen out of topic but that 's not true according to official stance of turkish government it did happen but it was n't an genocide it . 
  they 're seen as generic massacres . 
   i do n't even understand this brand of whataboutism ? 
  what is there to not understand ? 
  you 're saying it 's okay for pkk to do terrorism in turkey because of past oppression and i 'm asking you should black americans start trying to have their own state because of past slavery , segregation , racism etc. . . 
  if you say no then you would be a hypocrite . 
   you 're saying it 's okay because the us supported it lol is that what you understood ? 
  i 'm saying it 's not something we wanted . 
  yet we 're paying the price for it . 
  we did n't want to ban kurdish , we did n't want to torture , hang kurds . 
  the coup government did all of that alongside to nationalists , communists , journalists , politicians and to law abiding citizens . 
  everybody was fucked over . 
  one of my relatives married to a german man and she did n't really had much trouble she 's still learning german and continue living in germany which is how it should be in my opinion . 
  eh true but what he said is n't really wrong at all . 
  pkk is a terrorist organization that literally responsible % 90 of the terrorism in turkey so turkey has all the right to bomb them to oblivion . 
  should black people in us rebel and start shooting up people because of past events ? 
  ffs 80s coup was literally supported by us and oppressed everybody why you act like we voted for oppression of kurds ? 
   turkey could cut off islamic state 's supply lines . 
  we could n't even cut pkk 's supply lines for the last 30 years how come we 're able to do it with isis ? 
  us and turkey agreed to secure the syrian border between turkey and isis at g20 summit so that might help a bit but why do people act like there is a switch that turkey can just turn off and all the isis ' supply lines will be gone . 
  eh i do n't agree with you at all . 
  how would you feel if you were n't able to bring your wife with you to your home just because she did n't know english ? 
  learning a new language takes time and it takes a lot more time than normal when you do n't hear it everyday and you 're an adult . 
  you would basically be separate for years or would stay at your spouse 's country .
