  should n't be hard to be honest , especially with groups like the sdf forming that offer the possibility of a real moderate rebel faction . 
  they already are the only reason they are n't fighting is because there are much bigger problems at hand right now . 
  pyd would never accept to go under baathist syria again . 
   pyd do have a decent foreign policy . 
  they have gone from being a small time group on the world stage to being a major player in the syrian war with western support . 
  lol you can say the same thing for isis with that logic . 
  they have gone being an organization that everybody laughed at to a threat that 's taken more seriously than north korea by the world . 
  also as i said the only reason west decided to support kurds over other groups is because kurds do n't have a chance to turn to jihadists like other organizations . 
  us experienced this first hand and it 's easier to promote them as moderate fighters also pyd is n't the only group that the west supported in syria . 
  plenty of rebel groups got some support from west mainly from us . 
   they are having both western powers and russia interested in supporting them . 
  russia 's support on pyd is a bit shaky because there will be time when pyd and assad will have disagreements and i doubt russia will keep supporting pyd after that . 
   if turkey had sense they would attempt to negotiate and form a sensible foreign policy for syria instead of just saying dumb shit like giving red lines not to be crossed in syria and supporting groups working with and likely islamist groups with arms . 
  unlikely erdogan is n't someone who would change a policy he so publicly supported . 
  i 'm pretty sure [ she was 54 year old ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sakine_cans%c4%b1z ) and one of the founders so yes she was an executive member . 
  in the last few days a pkk base was found in a basement with tunnel network in it . 
  when the base was surrounded pkk fighters inside refused to surrender so an operation was conducted which lead to around 60 pkk terrorists getting neutralized . 
  pkk sympathizers as always claim that those people were civilians and hence do these ridiclous protests . 
  sympathize with kurds do n't sympathize with pkk . 
  how dare french police not allow secular , progressive democratic , feminist kurds from protesting against the evil turkish government in paris !, 
  france = isis / s, 
  true erdogan 's foreign policy is a mess as well . 
  nobody is doubting that he completely fucked every relation we worked so hard to get . 
  his syrian policy is one of the worst disasters of turkish history . 
  few months back he was talking about how he can topple assad in two days and we could pray in ummayyad mosque in damascus . 
  now his rebels getting obliterated , turkmens are literally losing their ancestral homes and ypg is gaining more ground everyday . 
  thanks to him who have we left to call as allies except nato ? 
  qatar and saudi arabia ? 
  pathetic ... 
  but that 's not the topic we 're talking about . 
  turkey and pyd are not in the same position turkey does not need a foreign military help to stay her ground in the region . 
  it 's not like he personally checked pkk 's weapons . 
  those are captured by the military he 's just commenting on it . 
  in your dreams maybe . 
  only reason pyd is n't listed as a terrorist organization is because they 're useful to the west . 
  the west does n't have a single shred of care for kurds neither for turks but turkey is useful over pkk hence west chooses turkey . 
  when isis is gone they 'll be abandoned at the hands of assad which he has no intention to handing over the chunk of his land . 
  pyd are a damn fool for not trying to make friends in the region instead they go and choose to become the dog of big leagues . 
  they should have followed the iraqi kurdistan 's example . 
  barzani is an dictator yet nobody cares because he has a valid foreign policy compared to pyd where they 're hostile to everybody around them . 
  pkk are n't known for their brightness . 
  they even called swedish police facist for not allowing them to protest . 
  the freaking swedish police ... 
  polan stronk !, 
   turkey offers to send migrants directly back to greece via aegean sea . 
  fixed . 
  sorry europe we do n't want ungrateful bastards that think turkey is n't good enough for them . 
  you 're talking like eu has any love for turkey in the first place . 
  eastern europe hates turkey for historical reasons and western ones has literally harbored pkk members before and fucked over turkey more times than i can count by playing turkey as a fool or by saying they 'll let them in to the eu if they do something . 
  us and uk are only western nations that ever expressed any concern for turkey to this day . 
  yes [ border guards ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/turkey-isis-border-clash_us_55b10da3e4b07af29d57a853 ) are totally akp 's enemies . 
  i have been on reddit for years most people i see around here are old folk as well . 
  not everybody that defends turkey are turkish some just able to see the actual picture instead of just their own picture . 
  ofc everywhere is the russian airspace . 
  i really dislike erdogan but he 's playing this game beautifully . 
  only way to deal with douches is to be a douche ( not that erdogan is n't a douche normally ) . 
  we sucked up to eu for years yet we gained nothing of value . 
  this time things changed ... 
  i love how the folks that are pro-pyd and pro-russia in this conflict are also anti-refugee . 
  those two are the main groups that cause people getting displaced these days . 
  i think most of these people use phones solely for communication . 
  and here you guys see a pure ignorant human being . 
  please do n't get too close ... 
   you mean ethnic cleansing of isis supporters ? 
  wha ... dude ... you should go and drink something cold or i do n't know walk barefoot on a beach because something must be seriously wrong with you to be able reach such a ridiculous conclusion . 
  firstly isis supporters are not an ethnicity secondly there is n't a single scenario where ethnic cleansing is acceptable and lastly there is n't a single proof of those people supporting islamists or isis . 
  they just happened to live in the places the kurds had an eye on . 
  what pyd does is no different than how erdogan calls people he do n't like terrorists and arrests them . 
   we all know turkey supports isis i 'm sick of this retarded statement there are mountain of examples ( [ # 1 ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/turkish-forces-kill-nearly-200-isis-militants-in-syria-and-iraq-in-retaliation-for-istanbul-bombing-2016-1 ) , [ # 2 ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/turkey-isis-border-clash_us_55b10da3e4b07af29d57a853 ) , [ # 3 ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/25/world/europe/turkey-isis-syria-airstrikes.html?_r=1 ) , [ # 4 ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/isis-suspects-arrested-turkey-dozens-rounded-islamic-state-links-following-deadly-2136322 ) ) of turkey taking action against isis . 
  just because we did n't help pyd defend kobani does n't mean turkey supported isis for fucks sake . 
   so it is obvious that they would try to attack those that are actually fighting isis . 
  are you guys really this ignorant ? 
  do you really think turkey is fighting against pkk because their syrian branch is fighting isis ? 
  i do n't even know what to say to that level of ignorance . 
  go read about pkk , learn what they are , what they want , what they did . 
  also turkey never attacked pyd we only did few warning shots . 
   in our interest of fighting isis it is better to support the pyd that is actually fighting them erdogan does n't ask usa to stop supporting pyd read the freaking article . 
  what he says is stop arming them because those weapons end up in pkk 's hands which are used on our soldiers . 
  usa can keep giving their air-support to clean isis . 
  since both sides lives are worthless the innocent casualties would be minimized . 
   instead of erdogan that is celebrating isis . 
  yes erdogan is celebrating the organization that calls him a crusader ... 
  i highly doubt anybody with a decent mind would see someone as a neo-nazi for blaming the perpetrators instead of victims but i do n't live in germany so who knows ... 
  well `` immigration to germany '' is the most searched phase in iraq on google so at least the ones that have access to internet do look around a bit . 
  this shit happens becuase of the smugglers . 
  they talk like europe is some kind of heaven where you do n't work , everything is free and you can lay down with any girl you want . 
  what i do n't understand is considering the amount of people who ended up dead trying to reach europe why these people who have homes to return to try the journey in the first place ? 
  ah good ol' european hypocrisy ... 
   turkey considers pyd and ypg a branch of pkk . 
  that 's because they are pyd is founded by pkk and ypg is founded by pyd it comes to full circle . 
   that 's why they 've repeatedly bombed turkey never bombed pyd they only shelled them twice as a warning . 
  no casualties from either side . 
   because of turkey . 
  so they do n't really love them . 
  think of what you said for a second ...  turkey bombs the kurds that us arms and supports with airstrikes west does n't arm pkk if they did we would have gone batshit crazy . 
   turkey does n't seal the border to syria , which became a major route for jihadists to go to syria and iraq someone is stuck in 2013 . 
   turkey lets millions of refugees to go into europe , trying to blackmail eu to get more money . 
  why do they need our permission to go to europe ? 
  are we your hobo gatekeeper ? 
  you guys should really need to check the definition of blackmail .
