  it is not that hard if taught . 
  i can sorta read it . 
  far easier than ottoman turkish which used mix of arabic and persian script . 
  looks so fucking cool damn our current classes are so bland . 
  never happened in turkey any other silly examples ignorant one ? 
  turkey has lgbt pride in major cities for the last 15 years . 
  the country is still pretty homophobic . 
  if you are openly gay people will stay away from you but they wo n't throw you of the fucking roof note that this generally only applies to pretty flamboyant gay folk if you look like a `` normal '' dude as long as you do n't grab people 's asses you 'll be fine and i doubt lesbians have any problem since it is fetishized it is not seen as worse as gays . 
   you are kidding yourself if you think that way . 
  turkey is a very very conservative society . 
  how conservative is very very conservative ? 
  i mean i am from a pretty backwards village in the middle of nowhere in anatolia yet i never seen any of the islam horror stories . 
  yes rural villages are conservative like in most of the asia but what makes them comparable to literal wahabbism ? 
   the fact that they are not wahabbi doesnt mean they arent extremist . 
  give examples you are just parroting . 
  what makes it extremist then ? 
  if you want to be taken seriously stop rambling and give real examples . 
   he difference between rural turkish areas and arab areas is not so much in terms of ideology . 
  what a bunch of bullshit the difference is so big that only someone who has no idea about both would claim this . 
   why do you think turkey and saudi arabia support same islamists in syria ? 
  why do some european countries and us prefer rebels over assad ? 
  please stop you are embarrassing yourself lots of countries has goals in syria and it barely has anything to do with spreading religious extremism . 
  turkey wants assad gone for the oil pipeline , us wants him gone to remove syria from russian influence , suadis want to put someone anti-iran in assad 's place etc. . . 
  most of them simply does n't care if islamists take control of syria as long as it is not assad . 
   turkey also almost dragged nato into a conflict with russia when they shot down russian planes if you belive this rest of your comment is n't even worth reading . 
   only on paper , they have a strong defensive military and doctrine but not the offensive projection of countries like usa/uk . 
  i mean your examples are two of strongest countries on earth nobody claimed turkish army is better than countries like uk , us , russia , china etc. . . turkey would still be in top 10 though . 
   most of their experienced military commanders and personel were also purged recently overwelming majority of purges in tsk was low ranking soldiers . 
  not really many generals and commanders were purged the coup attempt was lead by lower ranking officers in the first place . 
  i would be more worried about our countries 's education and media than millitary because majority of purges targeted teachers , professors and journalists . 
   they have the typical middle eastern command structure where friends and families of the elite are placed in high ranking military positions with no training . 
  no we do n't that shit exists in arab countries because of arabic tribal culture that 's still alive such a thing does not exist in turkey . 
  anyway next time could you please do a 10 minute research before acting like you are informed about something ? 
  it is painfully obvious that you never read anything about tsk and just applied what you read about arab militarists to turkish military . 
  tfsa are n't jihadists and you are cherry picking . 
  iraqi goverment and sunni militias are not fighting each other and while i do think sisi is better for egypt he is still a dictator and besides there is n't a conflict in egypt . 
  turkey does n't give a fuck about muslims in europe only turks and they being secular wo n't change a thing . 
  they are already pretty shaky muslims i know a lot of them they drink and pray rarely however still suck erdogan 's dick . 
   what do we agree on ? 
  russian aggression that is alone enough to form an alliance , turkey is against iran like us , while it is a bit more complicated than this turkey also supports removal of assad like west etc. . . also i would say the biggest aggressor here is europe and us for deciding to support turkey 's biggest enemy and main terrorist organization in turkey that alone justifies every anti-us/eu action turkey takes . 
  it is literally the worst thing you can do . 
  i mean just look at your examples so turkey and west disagrees at a a lot of things okay but do turkey support literal terrorists who has been terrorizing europe for the last 30 years ? 
  because people will again vote for erdogan v2 eventually, 
  i would take nondemocratic government over erdogan any time . 
  in the last elections main kurdish party got 5,148,085 votes the remaining 10 million kurds who is eligible to vote vote for other parties mainly akp . 
  whenever people said there was no anti-erdogan newspaper in turkey i always pointed out s\u00f6zc\u00fc yet here we are ... 
  he has to type europe + armenia + azerbaijan ? 
  i swear how do you guys live without losing your mind if you annoyed by something this basic ? 
  why does it matter ? 
  this sub has both azeris and armenians . 
  what is the harm in including them as well . 
  it is not like op was trying to imply those countries are in europe . 
  good job i already saw most of them but it was nice to see these amazing pics again wish turkey was also in though . 
   1 ) it did n't transfer . 
  the greeks escaped . 
  the turks from greece were transfered . 
  this is what you said now you are revising your argument and claiming only some was transferred . 
  sorry pal if you gon na change your argument after every 2 seconds what is the point ? 
  people leaving when conflict comes to their doorstep is pretty normal . 
  turks in aegean region ran towards to inner anatolia and turks in greece ran to turkish side of the thrace when greek army was advancing . 
  there is a reason why majority of turks greece transferred was not turkish speaking . 
  we are not debating that war creates refugees here ofc most people has already left and in the end approximately 1.5 million greeks has arrived the mainland greece pre-war their number was 1,792,206 according to official numbers while 200.000 muslims were transferred from greece despite the anyway next time do n't deny simple historical facts i did not deny that people ran away you denied that an exchange ever happened . 
   1 ) it did n't transfer . 
  the greeks escaped . 
  the turks from greece were transfered . 
  wow you are literally denying basic history . 
  turkey and greece agreed to exchange population on the table . 
  i did n't read the rest of your comment because your history is knowledge is far below my standards . 
  i can understand denial of atrocities your countrymen has committed we have been there as well but if you gon na deny a basic fact that 's in every history book you just ai n't worth it . 
  erdogan holds power thanks to gulenists . 
  without his allience with gulen we would have removed him ages ago so even erdogan is product of gulenists . 
  just when you think huffingtonpost ca n't go more retard they manage to go full retard . 
  do turkey fulfil their obligations stated in north atlantic treaty ? 
  yes then the rest is irrelevant . 
  turkey has been a literal military dictatorship before while still being in nato so did some other nato countries . 
  because what happened to greeks were two sided so both sides do not want to enter that rabbit hole because it 'll just turn to `` you did this '' `` you did that '' bla bla bla ... armenian genocide on the other hand was pretty one sided there were some armenian gangs but they posed no substantial threat while greek army was doing the same the turkish army was doing . 
  their occupation was specially quite brutal so it was n't just towards turks in mainland greece . 
   do they think they are in turkey ? 
  idk man they beat protesters without any repercussions seems like turkey to me . 
  it never happened at this scale though . 
  just look at your own videos there are barely 5 people involved in all of those events and police takes it under control after 2 seconds while erdogan 's bodyguards literally beat the shit out of people who were on the ground this time . 
  hon hon hon. . . 
  do n't worry britain at least you did n't vote to make your president a dictator . 
  nice to see a retarded ban outside of turkey for once . 
  erdogan has been purging his enemies for 15 years yet he never expressed any support for death penalty until this day and only when people asked for it for putschists . 
  even his statements were forced he said `` if people want it and the parliament approves it we could organize a referendum '' . 
  erdogan always loves to emphasize his goals and accomplishments he never before cared about whether parliament approves or not yet he made a statement like this for death penalty calls . 
  so it is painfully obvious to me that it was just talk to get people vote yes in the referendum plus to this date he never needed to murder his opponents he likes to keep his hand clean . 
  without us support kurds were getting massacred in kobane . 
  they are not better than turkish army the main force here is world leader us airforce and special forces who are supporting them . 
  also ypg occasionally deals with russia as well what is the problem there ? 
  i wo n't comment on your isis remark because that 's just your ignorance speaking . 
  well excessive force is mo of turkish police ... 
  yeah but i wonder how did they surface in the first place i mean we had defined gender roles as well but turkic languages does not have pronouns we do n't even have any native gendered words the few gendered words are all loan words . 
  no it happened because the coalition governments before erdogan could n't get anything done they kept bickering with each other so people got frustrated and elected a single erdogan goverment . 
  at first he actually fixed a lot of problems like the economy however he also slowly started censoring stuff and creating a personality cult which after 15 years we reached to this point . 
  it is n't supposed to be fair that is the point . 
  tazers , pepper sprays , batons exists for a reason . 
  there is a reason why men and women separated in in most sports nobody is claiming that women are as physically strong as men what people claiming is they can do dangerous jobs like police work , military work and firefighting good enough . 
  honestly that sounds like more of problem of swedish police force then women .
