  nowhere i have claimed that you have to accept it . 
  you can call anything whatever you want . 
  that 's the fucking point i 'm trying to make . 
  greeks still call istanbul constantinople yet we do n't give a fuck . 
  turkish government decided to change the names of these animals which there is nothing wrong with that and nobody has to accept these new names . 
  you keep using the old one and we 'll keep using the new one it 's that simple . 
  your point is ? 
  armenians used to live there hence it was called armenian highlands . 
  the demographics of these lands are different now . 
  there is no reason to keep calling it armenian highlands . 
   considering turkey does n't want kurdistan to exist , it 's easy to say that these species do n't exist in kurdistan . 
  no shit who would want another country to exist inside their borders ? 
   also , constantinople was officially renamed in 1930 to instanbul , not before , it 's just because it was the name everybody used . 
  that was just an example i gave . 
  [ we renamed pretty much everywhere ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_name_changes_in_turkey ) . 
   these namings date from a long time ago , when borders were not officially established , and they named it that way because armenians and kurds lived there . 
  which is why they are misleading now . 
  back in the day those places were known as armenia and kurdistan but now ? 
  not anymore ... 
  a new account calls me shill . 
  lol the irony ... 
  i 'm sure you 're smart enough to gasp that renaming and destroying artifacts are not even close but this is reddit so i should have lower expectations than normal . 
  these subspecies almost only inhabit in turkey the old latin names were misleading . 
  when you say kurdistan most people will think of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraqi_kurdistan ) place and when you say armenian [ this armenia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenia ) is what sane people will know of . 
  but as i said these subspecies only exist in turkey . 
  was it necessary to change them ? 
  not really ... 
  but was it wrong to change them ? 
  not really either so please stop trying to find fault when there is none here . 
  nothing however there is nothing wrong with renaming it as well . 
  same logic applies to all name changes in turkey . 
  there is nothing wrong with the name constantinople however there is nothing wrong with changing it to istanbul either . 
  if these subspecies are only found in turkey the old latin names are also a bit misleading . 
  when you see armenius you expect it to be in armenia but it 's in turkey same with kurdistanica . 
  do n't really see the problem at all . 
  not giving a fuck seems to be only way to stay happy in turkey right now . 
  i really do not know what erdogan is planing i mean it 's kinda hard to continue the `` we 're on the side of democracy and human rights '' when you declare yourself sultan and implement sharia . 
   or saying goodbye to guests at the front door , and then speaking with them for another 30 minutes . 
  i fucking hated this when i was a kid . 
  this coup was either an false flag or was made by secularists not gulenists . 
  erdogan blamed gulen for even gezi protests he 's just using him as a scapegoat to purge gulenists . 
  no we become a turkey republic . 
  gobble gobble motherfucker !, 
  i disagree . 
  there are far more gulenists than 50k in turkey . 
  the gulen 's newspaper zaman was the most popular newspaper in turkey before erdogan taken over it . 
  excluding the soldiers and officers ofc . 
  there are no gulenist in the turkish armed forces . 
  i remember how i wanted to go to an military school years ago and was not allowed in because i was sent to an cram school owned by gulen when i was in middle-school . 
  thanks dad ... 
  well execution is more public so it got ta be legal to be able to execute someone torture on the other hands is behind doors ... 
  we may never know and it seems like erdogan does n't care either . 
  he made gulen the scapegoat whether he 's quilty or not . 
  gulen movement were never really able to infiltrate the turkish millitary because of their harsh background checks for example you were n't allowed in an millitary school if you ever went to one of the gulen 's cram schools . 
   the armenian-born man , who has been living in poland since he was three , was granted polish citizenship four years ago . 
  seriously just speaking polish should have been enough to confirm that he 's not a terrorist ...  the next day , the man was refused entry to another plane to the british capital by wizzair 's ground crew as he was `` on [ the airline 's ] terrorist list , '' radio gda\u0144sk reports . 
  what the fuck ... 
  erdogan is purging anybody he thinks is close to gulen . 
  the gulen movement is in schools , police , millitary etc. . . 
  i highly doubt turkish ships can reach to russia without getting bombed . 
  well death penalty does not exist in turkey right now however they 'll most likely get tortured . 
  i 'm really sorry that we 're mixing greece in to this but you got to understand that these fleeing soldiers are fearing for their lives . 
  i do not think erdogan is quite mad enough to do something to greece he 'll just insult you few times probably ... 
  i keep drinking to forget all this but it does n't help much . 
  my family is here i really ca n't leave them an move to somewhere else . 
  my standards are very very low right now i 'll be fine as long as he does not bring sharia i do n't think he will but you never know with this crazy bastard . 
  i basically gave up the guy is purging everybody who somehow entered his list of `` dangerous people '' whether they were part of the coup or not . 
  i 'll outlive him however so i hope he does n't have any successors planed because from this point forward it 'll be impossible to remove him from power . 
  good job erdogan you won . 
  i hope you 're happy that you successfully managed to take us back at least an 100 year . 
  if you have something release it , stop trying to get publicity this is just scummy at best . 
  just check their tweets they 're intentionally teasing people like this is some kind of a joke . 
  erdogan today said he would sign whatever the parliament agrees on . 
  so basically he chickened out and gave an answer implying that he would n't be the one to bring the death penalty . 
  all opposition parties refused the return of the death penalty as well so it 'll pretty much wo n't happen . 
  erdogan would rather kill his political enemies with more shady methods anyway . 
  this talk of nukes and h-bombs is stupid nobody is gon na touch them erdogan has no interest in nukes . 
  we love to play victims but we fucked up this country ourselves more than foreign enemies . 
  kurdistan has an army that can rival turkey ? 
  the same kurdistan that 's buddy-buddy with russia the arch-nemesis of nato ? 
  nato is not desperate enough to put their faith in an new not even internationally recognized country . 
  we play live cs here . 
  chp might be . 
  mhp would n't ... 
  kinda , gulen is a religious cult leader while erdogan is not . 
  around 10 years back i would have said gulen is much much worse but right now the difference is minimal . 
   do ... you guys have a viable third ( secular ) option at all ? 
  yes chp the first opposition party . 
  mhp also is secularist but their current leader is a goddamn dumbass . 
  hdp is secularist however they only care about getting autonomy for kurds . 
   read the article ahmed . 
  nato recorded about 500 cases , 85 % russian . 
  greece recorded over 2000 incidents , all of them turkish . 
  you have presented 0 facts , only your opinions . 
  do n't worry i always read all the articles that are presented to me i already read the article you posted mate . 
  also i love how you decided to ignore the cyprus part of the argument because you realized that you barely knew anything about the cyprus dispute yet you claim i only present opinions lol ... not all russia 's neighbors are in nato i tought as a someone who lives in sweden you would at least know that . 
  try asking someone from finland about this topic next time . 
   i mean , if you think turkey should be allowed to do this 2000 times a year , thats ok , but greece has the right to turn the planes in gyros and here is another example of your ignorance about the topic at hand . 
  there is no malicious intend in these airspace incursions . 
  greek and turkish jets literally practice their muscles dogfighting with each-other everyday like it 's no big deal while when russia does it countries literally ask for protection from nato .
