  because currently we are allowed to join we just do n't fit the criteria yet and wo n't for years to come . 
  i mean does n't every eu member has to accept the new member ? 
  why does this even matter ? 
  he can single handedly block turkey 's accession if he 's elected . 
  muslims wo n't stop using the phrase because ignorant masses perceive it as something else . 
  google an muslim prayer on youtube see how many times they say allahu akbar . 
  i do not understand why you guys support terrorists hijacking the phrase ... 
  that 's only your reasoning there is no law in any european country prohibiting chanting religious slogans in a street . 
  that 's only what you see . 
  try watching an muslim prayer on youtube . 
  muslims say allahu akbar at least 80 times in one prayer . 
  there is no punishment given in quran to an atheist or an apostate . 
  that all come from hadith as i said . 
  it 's kinda hard to translate how would we explain to westerns the `` ya allah bismillah allahu ekber '' even i do n't understand what it means exactly we turks love screaming this shit at every single political event . 
  even in fucking football matches you ca n't escape from it . 
  wow holy downvote brigade and not one of them were able to give you a proper response . 
  truly pathetic . 
  well i really do n't care who 's fault it is if we are n't getting the visa-deal we should scrap the deal and let refugees do whatever they want because it 's really not worth to play the eu 's border gate when the money they pay is less than what we spent on refugees in the first place . 
  there is already a wall at turkish eu borders it 's the sea you ca n't control . 
  aegean is also patrolled but some ships will slip pass eventually and you ca n't send them back to us without the deal since they 're not our citizens and you 're generally unable to send them back to their home countries because of human rights hence you get stuck with them when they hit land . 
  eh do n't expect sane logic in religious that 's written decades ago but the logic behind this is as i said if there is two women testifying the same thing they can get confidence from eachother and not intimidated by the criminal or someone else to change their testimony . 
  islam demands men to be manly so a manly macho man apparently would n't be intimidated by a criminal . 
  he does have a point however he 's just stating the obvious the problem is how can you sever that link without going full nazi . 
  obviously majority of muslims are no terrorists but as long as you got an muslim minority someone will get radicalized by the isis rhetoric . 
  in turkey we had mandatory religious lessons because of this so that everybody can be taught the correct peaceful islam before they got radicalized by someone . 
  idk how europe can handle it ... 
  lol it seems like you just lost it . 
  no idea what you 're talking about anymore you should just stop before embarrassing yourself more . 
  you first claimed turkey was a theocracy got proved wrong then claimed it was getting there again proved wrong now you 're spewing random bullshit with insults . 
  idk if it 's hilarious or sad reddit really does allow you to converse with interesting individuals . 
  what part of that is a violent ? 
  i never claimed islam was n't sexist and that part is talking about courts btw . 
  a man 's word is equal to 2 women basically in an islamic court . 
  this exists because muslims believe that women can be easily get intimidated to lie than men in their testimonies . 
  if they came looking for life why are they setting up stands to promote a terrorist organization ? 
  if you are there for a better life you should stay far away from the conflict you ran not actively participate in it by rallying support to your side . 
  you do n't see syrians setting up booths . 
  he should have called the police and got those terrorist supporters arrested instead of acting like an idiot . 
  people [ promoting rojava-pkk arrested in germany before he had a very good case . 
  ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/suspected-pkk-recruiter-charged-in-germany.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=42814&amp;newscatid=351 ), 
  did n't consider the second part yeah it makes sense but people still should n't perceive allahu akbar chants as supporting terrorists or something equally stupid . 
   remind me , how long was the term of the turkish president before erdogan got the job ? 
  how often can he get reelected ? 
  before erdogan president was appointed by the parliament and he hold the position for 7 years . 
  in 2007 a referendum was made and now we also elect the president and the elected president hold the position for 5 years . 
  same person can only be elected twice as a president . 
  erdogan is first elected as a prime minister in 2002 he got elected as prime minister twice which is the limit and now he 's elected as president once he can only get elected as president once more in 2019 if he gets elected again in 2024 he 'll be unable to participate in politics personally . 
   seriously though , go fuck yourself , you are either ignorant as hell or just plain dumb . 
  trust me why would i trust you when you barely even know what you 're talking about ? 
  you seem a bit slow because you keep repeating the same stuff like a parrot . 
   friends/family left in turkey they will suffer at the hands of erdogan , its only a matter of time . 
  `` it 's only matter of time '' yeah since 14 years ... o pray tell what 'll erdogan do to my loved ones ? 
   but you keep drinking his koolaid , i mean you dont want to get a letter from erdos lawyers , do you ? 
  lol even i would trust you more than erdogan at least you 're just ignorant about turkey he on the other hand is a professional liar . 
  i 'm not supporting erdogan here i 'm choosing between two islamisst gulen and erdogan . 
  gulen wants full theocracy with sharia erdogan wants to be a sultan . 
  i rather take the sultan ... 
  what 's so wrong about allahu akbar chants exactly ? 
  people really forget that muslims say allahu akbar all the time these days . 
  i guess in west since most people hear that phrase in concext of terrorism they kinda percive it differently . 
  do n't know what it say on his hat but that `` w '' part is allah no idea about the rest . 
   they incubated this ideology to germany . 
  not even one turkish imam was arrested on crackdown on radical mosques . 
  it 's all suadi mosques with arab imams . 
  you can make some argument about turkish gangs in germany but blaming turks for radical islam in germany is retarded . 
   well , then they should go to a country like the us , where they see it like this , europe is different than this , your country included . 
  we are not a collection of a bunch of sub-communities , we are one people , and if you want to live here permanently you have to assimilate . 
  no such law exists in germany it 's just your own opinion . 
  swiss has a law like this for example unless you prove you 're fully assimilated to swiss society you ca n't get a citizenship . 
  how about instead of barking start voting for some far right politician as i said before ? 
   where comes this believe from that everybody would have a right to live where he wants and how he wants ? 
  countries are what they are because of their specific culture . 
  why would people from somewhere else have a right to join the fruits of a foreign culture without contributing to it . 
  because you invited these people in as a guest workers and it 's you who gave them citizenship . 
  contributing to your culture was not part of the deal . 
   is n't it funny that this comes from mr.what-about-ppk ? 
  do you know what whatabutism is exactly ? 
  i pointed out germany 's hypocrisy . 
  while what you said was literally `` what about you ? '', 
   no you did not . 
  i am talking about what else this deal included . 
  for example certain anti-terror-laws . 
  probably erdogan-press does not write so much about it , not your fault . 
  i do n't even remember the last time i read or watched an pro-erdogan media and i 'm aware of anti terror-law part . 
  the problem is after the recent events the free visa travel deal basically closed by eu . 
  normally we were given more time to decide whether to change anti-terror laws or not . 
  also there is the money part where we still did n't get what were promised . 
  eu essentially stop doing their end of the bargain why do you expect us to continue ? 
   do n't play dumb hence he making another retarded speech like that was banned no ? 
  also he never said those to german turks . 
   well , this is exactly why an independent kurdistan would be so great , we had a more reliable partner . 
  the only thing that stops us from doing this is turkey . 
  you got krg and rojava is pretty much independent and willing to let you use their airbases sense they just collect dusts because terrorist are n't smart enough to use aircrafts . 
  the only reason why usa led coalition does not move there is because you government and nato still prefer turkey over them to store their nukes an jets . 
  i am atheist as well but violent verses in quran can so easily interpreted differently or they generally just talk about one specific battle . 
  the hadith however is different . 
  if you attempt to run a nation based on hadith you 'll get suadi arabia . 
   do you know what ditib is ? 
  that is the islamic organisation under whose wings the biggest group of dschihadists in germany radicalized and went to syria right then why there is n't a single instance of terrorist attack by a turkish german ? 
  why is there are barely any turks in isis ?
