  he shat on israel then they made up . 
  he shat on russia then they made up it is always the same story . 
  i love how you just responded to last part because you know you fucked up at your first 2 statements . 
  this might come as a suprise to you but genocide is not the only atrocity that exists and genocide was not the only bad thing nazis did . 
  if we are comparing countries to nazi germany what dutch did in indenosia was pretty nazi like and again you once more show that you history is terrible did n't now swedish had such a shit history education . 
  anyway claiming that dutch had anything to with the current state of indonesia is a serious insult to indonesians . 
  here at least read [ this ] ( http://ihcproject.weebly.com/impact.html ) so you might learn something . 
  dutch stole their resources and massacred anyone who were stood up to the occupation . 
  japanese and dutch were what soviets and germany was to poland . 
   do n't just look for whatever moral transgression in the past of countries that criticize turkey and think it equates to or justifies genocide . 
  own up to your history stop being a child . 
  point out where exactly i denied any history nor justified a genocide . 
  not gon na lie you talk like a child who want to desperately sound superior . 
  just admit that your comparison was stupid instead of pulling this discussion to somewhere else . 
  apart from mhp there is no party who want to annex any parts of our neighbors not even akp . 
  they just trying to appeal to nationalist crowd for the upcoming referendum . 
  are you serious ? 
  do you seriously not see what chp is doing ? 
  he is calling the akp bullshit genius . 
  they keep bitching about islands and he is telling why not do something about if they care that much . 
  he is showing to people that akp is just talking out of their asses to sound like they are doing something . 
  there is reason why akp brought up that stupid island dispute it is all for the upcoming referendum . 
  i swear ... 
  confirmation bias really makes some people like you blind it is so obvious that i feel wierd that i had to explain this . 
   `` i will go the islands and raise the turkish flag . 
  then i will fold the greek flag and send it to the greek government via courier service '' , turkish republican people 's party ( chp ) mp , tanzu ozkhan and this is just an irrelevant quote from a mp your freaking defense minister actually did something like this at least ours is just for talk . 
  i guess according to you we should be careful because your `` defense '' minister is bat shit insane . 
   not really , turkey has much more in common with the nazis than the dutch i thought we were comparing ops post to someone else post not turkey and netherlands ' similarity to nazis but whatever floats your boat man . 
   not really , turkey has much more in common with the nazis than the dutch because dutch totally entered the war by their own volition . 
  dutch were neutral in ww1 and continued to be neutral when nazis rose up in germany . 
  they were forced in to the war by nazi invasion otherwise they would stay neutral because that was their national policy until they got invaded . 
  get a history book before making comments starting with `` not really '' bro . 
   and there is one more thing in particular that turkey has in common with the nazis : genocide tell that to indonesians . 
  honestly so is the ops post . 
  both should n't be taken seriously . 
  that 's it i am out of social media and reddit for the next 3 days . 
  i can not handle this cringe . 
  because mhp is torn right now . 
  many mhp guys see current leader of mhp as a puppet furthermore there are many mhp members who are pro-no . 
  which is why it is important to appeal to mhp voters they are the only ones who do not fully agree with the stance of their party . 
  nationalist dudes are are very anti-eu so statements like this makes them happy . 
  erdogan is not nationalist enough for them and they also remember how he negotiated with pkk in peace process . 
  why ? 
  what is the argument here ? 
  that turkish goverment are assholes ? 
  tensions between nato members are quite common there was literally talks of banning president trump from uk . 
  nato would break apart if a member was kicked in a slightest of dispute . 
  turkey has been a member for a long than and we craved a place in nato that can not be filled easily . 
  as long as a nato member upholds their obligations kicking them out would be ludicrous especially because of stupid disputes like this . 
  if yo gon na make democracy or human rights argument portugal and greece was a member when they were literal dictatorships . 
  i wrote an explanation read it again then . 
  someone does n't know how politics work lmao why am i not surprised you are that guy who made silly statements about history . 
  by making this simple statement chp completely avoided this event to be used against them . 
  now erdogan ca n't call chp `` traitors '' or something along those lines as a propaganda . 
  chp did the same back when hdp mps ' immunity was being lifted . 
  as a main advocate of no vote in upcoming referendum chp can not handle being villainized at the moment . 
  we can not win this referendum without getting some votes from the nationalist folk . 
   `` now , i am issuing a clear call to the government . 
  if they do not allow turkey 's minister to enter the netherlands or they can not go to the embassy , please suspend our relationship with the netherlands . 
  we will lend any support , '' k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu told a rally in the southern province of adana on march 12 . 
  good move now akp can not use this shitstorm against chp and it is also call for erdogan 's bluff . 
  i should leave the internet and close the tv for a few days or else i am gon na lose my mind . 
  except that cyprus has a turkish minority while turks in aegean islands came to turkey in population exchange . 
  bro i would take entire population of texas in exchange of these idiots . 
  wilder must be dancing in his home . 
  sitting on the table does not mean you agree to give anything . 
  i just want a level headed discussion instead of pissing contest we are having right now . 
  eh not really . 
  who owns which island is not really properly defined in the old treaties . 
  if for one second we stopped being such babies we would both sit down on the table reach to an agreement and be done with it . 
  we are talking about uninhibited islands here everybody knows who owns the islands with population . 
  do n't , we are the assholes . 
  eh it somewhat bothers me i would n't type anything down if it did n't bother me so i 'll admit . 
  it is one of the downsides of liking history . 
  it makes you real annoyed when people spew bullshit . 
   first of all , source it . 
  i honestly think even they are n't dumb enough to say that , and they really dumb . 
  they said it many times . 
  just because you do n't follow news does n't mean it does n't exist my friend . 
  here is an random article from google there are plenty google it if you want more . 
  http://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/news.aspx/156687  secondly i think you coming from turkey do n't understand what condemnation is . 
  allow me to explain . 
  here is a little tip if you want to be taken seriously act a bit more mature . 
  these random insults only harm your credibility . 
   opinions are n't illegal in greece , so people can here can say whatever they please print their newspapers and hold rallies . 
  that does n't mean that the government is sympathetic to them or does n't condemn them . 
  well that is ironic because the newspaper in the article is s\u00f6zc\u00fc a very anti-goverment leftist one and it criticizes the goverment for not doing anything about greece supposedly invading a turkish island . 
  so they basically do the same thing greek goverment did so what the problem here ? 
  you have to pay otherwise they 'll take you in the moment you enter the country does n't matter if you 're just visiting . 
  because monies . 
  you know you fucked up when even someone like geert wilders was more reasonable than you . 
  it is easier to like someone when you do n't live under him . 
  for example many westerners these days seem to love putin . 
  granted he is not obnoxious and stupid like erdogan but also not someone you should like . 
  so you admit it was n't `` turks renaming their state '' nor it was just `` armenians and greeks taking back their lands '' why were you making misleading comments then ? 
  oh the horrors turks did n't accept a treaty that 's even worse that what germany get ? 
  how dare they !, 
  i know your history knowledge is not piss poor . 
  you are saying this stuff on purpose . 
  we both know that greece was literally going for ankara you were not `` taking back your lands '' you were working as an agent for allies to force their unreasonable treaty .
