  i should just more to ireland ... 
  politically and culturally ? 
  sure but geographically anatolia was never in europe . 
  at least they did n't claim it was g\u00fclen with his earthquake machine . 
  nobody really claims that but after 43 years you kinda stop caring about legality . 
  you can not simply make people who were apart for 43 years to just rejoin again without both agreeing on some treaty even if technically occupation is illegal at that point even if turkish army left cyprus greeks would literally need to reconquer the half of the island . 
  spoken like a true serb . 
  i guess stereotypes come from somewhere . 
  depends on the subreddit . 
  i know it is even taught in iran which literally has islamic law also any scientist who comes from turkey probably filled his/her education gaps from foreign sources . 
  title is a bit misleading tbh . 
  yes evolution is indeed is taken out however there is nothing really wrong with adding the jihad to the religion class i mean just google jihad , it has a whole different definition in normal islam it really does n't mean holy war . 
  they are not teaching kids to be jihadist terrorists is what i mean also the religion class is probably the most useless class in curriculum nobody in my class used to give a shit about it since we had stuff like math and shit to worry about . 
  and when it comes to evolution while it is very alarming that they actually removed it from the curriculum turkey always had terrible evolution acceptance even when it was taught . 
  so it wo n't really have any significant effect because % 90 of people 's understanding of evolution in turkey is `` humans came from monkeys '' . 
   defending yourself and families against a genocidal , imperialist turkey is reason enough for greeks to fight when the time comes lmao dude do n't drink and reddit . 
   and as usual greeks will be on the right side of history fighting for justice , liberty and freedom you realize people laughing their asses to you right ? 
  i would totally wear a kilt if it was socially acceptable here . 
  you realize everybody is laughing their asses of to you right ? 
  how much are you being paid to embarrass yourself like this ? 
  lmao wtf . 
  erdogan would orgasm in thought of turkey having more kurds because the erdogan supporting kurds tend to have 20 kids genocide claims are simply ridiclous . 
  how about they turn their attention to actual genocide of ezidi kurds by isis ? 
  two are very different things as i said you can be tolerant to gay people but you can bet that pope will not approve of gay marriage or christians engaging in homosexual acts because it is simply forbidden in their religion . 
  there is no way to rationalize it from a theological standpoint . 
  last time i chekced it was still a big no in christianity . 
  look i am an atheist but growing up in an muslim majority country means i know my shit and homosexuality is simply big no in islam . 
  you can not spin it any other way islam can be reformed to be tolerant to lgbt folk just like some christians did hell i know a lot of muslims who will not give a shit if you are gay but they themselves simply can not delve in to homosexual acts without sinning . 
  anyway just putting it out there they can do whatever they want of course but i simply do n't understand people who cling to religion despite wanting to break it 's rules . 
  you do not need to fool yourself in to believing that what you are doing is okay in your religion just let it go ... and to people who will point out ottoman empire 's stance in homosexuality , there is a reason why ottoman caliphate had no authority over arabs . 
  14:53 is my favorite part . 
  he might be a scumbag but at least he got that swag . 
   who gave their all for portugal . 
  i do n't see how that prevents him from being a scumbag ... 
  not sure if i would call him pioneer of modern genocide his methods was not really any more `` modern '' that previous genocides in the history . 
  who thought this was a good idea ? 
  what is the definition of night here ? 
  10-11pm or 2-3am ? 
  because the difference is quite big i would feel totally safe before midnight but after that even a massive city like istanbul feels like ghost town and you feel like every guy you see gon na shank you . 
  then again i have no idea where the feeling comes from i mean i have never got attacked at night neither someone i knew did nor i ever heard of anybody being attacked around my neighborhood but you still feel unsafe . 
  hey now western organization being hypocrites is exactly same with us it is a proof of turkey having lot of common grounds with west do n't you think ? 
  no but atheism is n't a religion in the first place it is simply lack of belief in a deity so even if you are part of some religion that does n't have a deity you are still an atheist just as how you are theist if you are muslim , christian etc. . . 
  wow we actually have more atheists than some european countries . 
  very well fair enough in turkey we do not have some official list of recognized genocides like eu does or laws that criminalize denying genocides so a recognition of such things is always though the statements of the officials . 
  anyway i personally do not really believe that genocide denial should be censored but i believed what he said broke the rules . 
  thank you for taking the time to respond . 
   generally speaking , genocide does not necessarily mean the immediate destruction of a nation , except when accomplished by mass killings of all members of a nation . 
  it is intended rather to signify a coordinated plan of different actions aiming at the destruction of essential foundations of the life of national groups , with the aim of annihilating the groups themselves . 
  the objectives of such a plan would be the disintegration of the political and social institutions , of culture , language , national feelings , religion , and the economic existence of national groups , and the destruction of the personal security , liberty , health , dignity , and even the lives of the individuals belonging to such groups https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide the akritas plan was basically that . 
  well here 's the [ statements ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.yenicaggazetesi.com.tr%2fmobi%2fsoykirimi-11044yy.htm ) of [ rauf denkta\u015f ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rauf_denkta%c5%9f ) the first president of northern cyprus . 
  he himself openly acknowledge what happened to his people as genocide and turkey holds the same stance . 
  i could n't find anything from our own goverment because this issue is generally not brought up however it was always taught as a genocide in school books . 
  and that somehow disputes my statement of eu being hypocritical at this ? 
  or was that the admission of you guys being same with turkish goverment in this behalf ? 
  bloody christmas is a specific term because it is the day that everything started . 
  when we say genocide we are talking about everything the compilation of all massacres and expulsions . 
  it is seen as a genocide because it was planned out [ attempt to remove turkish minority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/index.php?q=ahr0chm6ly9lbi53awtpcgvkaweub3jnl3dpa2kvqwtyaxrhc19wbgfu ) it is fully recognized as a genocide in turkey and when you check the facts you can see it fits to the label as well . 
  anyway it is your decision i do n't know what you guys base what is genocide and what is not since the rule is pretty vague . 
  i know the hypocrisy of eu has no bounds but i am hoping that at least subreddit mods are decent and fair people . 
  hahaha dude go take a cold one you are insane if you think people are brigading and there are comars on reddit . 
  also i love how your argument is completely same with main argument of armenian genocide denial . 
  totally coincidence i guess . 
  there is enough proof of cypriot goverment attempting to completely remove turkish minority . 
  nobody is taking you seriously even cypriots telling you to shut up . 
  go bother someone else please it is clear that you barely know what you are talking about . 
  also here 's tip if your source is wikipedia do n't even bother posting it becuase you just look dumb since even a 5 year old can go and check the wikipedia . 
  reported you for genocide denial . 
  as the cypriot said go take your alternative reality elsewhere . 
  you are n't helping them at all . 
  ofc they do the two things both sides want things that will never happen . 
  there is no way turkey will remove the troops and there is no way cyprus will accept the turkish settlers . 
  for years it is always this two things that stops the deal . 
  our great leader said dutch are nazis not us and his word is always the truth you nazi scum . 
  and how you propose ataturk to do such a thing ? 
  are you even able to comprehend the situation in 1915 ? 
  you think there was a list of people involved in genocide with thier full names and locations ? 
  please just stop your pointless slander . 
  all you are causing is making your own credibility to fall apart . 
  ataturk was pretty vocal about his displeasure of the treatment the christian minority faced . 
  fucking gulenists and their artificial shadows that slander our great leader . 
  idk cut his way it 's not like he 's gon na ram to the ships . 
  shooting just gives a bad impression and it seems like it 's what the captain wanted to happen in he first place so he can go back and say greeks shoot at his ship . 
  the captain was a idiot he was clearly provoking greek coast guard then again i doubt they actually had to hit the ship to stop him . 
   i do n't know why the turks in this thread get so upset . 
  because people who claim turkey gon na use these to invade europe is actually getting upvotes which really upsets us . 
   nobody assumes that turkey is about to invade greece . 
  dude check the comments they absolutely do . 
   but to say that `` nobody in turkey cares about greece '' is plain stupid . 
  it is a hyperbole but people generally do n't care erdogan and mps say some shit time to time but that 's it . 
  it is just internal propaganda . 
   erdogan and the people around him dream about reviving the ottoman empire . 
  that 's also an hyperbole neo-ottomanism is about turkey becoming center of middle-eastern politics just like back in ottoman days not literally reviving the ottoman empire . 
  it has nothing to do with greece it is about turkey getting in to middle-east bullshit we stayed away from since the foundation of turkey . 
  well if reality worry you you should n't leave your room pal . 
  nobody is gon na start a war out of bunch of islands but the claim is still somewhat legit . 
  greece broke the treaty of lausanne by annexing them . 
  however nobody sane disputes at that it is too late to do anything about it borders are drawn already and it worked out fine thus far no reason to start something . 
  it is no different that greeks claiming istanbul it is valid claim but ultimately ridiclous . 
   no one in greece actually gives a fuck about what you turks think , joke of the century . 
  one look at greek news is enough to dispute that come on bro have some pride do n't embarrass yourself like this i saw your comments inhere you are losing your shit arguing with everyone and now you claim you do n't care ?
