  isis is dying we secured the boder they are circled and losing ground since forever however pkk threat is very real with how big and strong ypg got . 
  unless ypg expels pkk we will never sleep free because pkk will keep attacking turkey though the syrian border . 
  turkey and syria was ready to go to war years back when syria allowed pkk residency but we reached to a common ground and they were expelled however rojava does not agree to the same terms . 
   okay i bite . 
  first of i think we should agree that kurdish people need rights as a minority both in syria and turkey . 
  you are kinda late more than 10 years for turkey . 
  we already passed that point . 
   secondly i would say that the ypg is really good fighting with isis , so maybe leave them to fight ? 
  isis is crumbling and it 'll crumble even if we leave it to saa and russia there is no reason to tolerate ypg 's presence anymore . 
  nobody denies they are effective with us airforce aiding them even fsa would with help of us intel and fighters . 
   it was also negotiating peace and had a ceasefire with turkey before the military started to bomb kurds in syria . 
  false . 
  turkey did n't bomb syrian kurds until pkk declared that the peace process has ended and declared a new insurgency . 
  what happened was turkey refused to aid kobane 's defense and isis blew up bunch of pro-pkk leftist youth in suruc which pkk blamed turkey for it with no evidence and literally murdered police officers in their sleep . 
  you can criticize erdogan all you want but even he was more enthusiastic with peace process than pkk and upheld the ceasefire till the end while pkk constantly broke it with standalone attacks . 
  which is understandable who would n't want to be to go down in to turkish history as a man who fixed kurdish problem . 
   so i think there is no wonder why turkey is criticised over these issues . 
  sure how about do some empathy and critize ypg-pkk too then ? 
  you guys are just selfish pricks you know pkk will not harm you but isis will so you only care about isis . 
  your entire argument rests on `` but they fight isis my live is more important than yours so leave them alone '' . 
  his reasoning is irrelevant ofc he wo n't find fault on himself it 's freaking erdogan . 
   `` if they 're not acting sincerely we have to find a way out . 
  why should we wait any longer ? 
  we 're talking about 54 years , '' he said , referring to the 1963 ankara agreement which acknowledged the long-term goal of turkish membership of a united europe . 
   if necessary , he said , turkey could hold a vote similar to britain 's on eu membership . 
  he said brexit had given britain `` peace of mind '' and that it was `` walking towards a new future '' please tell me what does he mean here if not what i stated ? 
  expected a detailed breakdown on which articles of the new constitution was deal breakers because turkey was already a pretty shitty democracy beforehand . 
  europeans need someone to distract them from their own problems oldest population control trick in the book . 
  the goal is to make europeans glad that their goverment is at least not as shitty as erdogan 's goverment . 
  lol it 's you again everybody check this guy 's profile before taking him seriously it 's just a propaganda alt his points does n't even worth addressing to as well for example if you ask a turk why ypg is a threat first thing he will say it is because ypg is an affiliate of pkk and collaborates with them not something retarded like kurds in turkey would start demanding stuff . 
  this shill 's job is to push the narrative of turkey being against existence of kurds altogether instead of just pkk and their affiliates . 
  thankfully he 's pretty piss poor at his job i would fire him if i was his boss . 
  i bet he 's a european kurd who 's at college age and needs some easy cash . 
  what a shitty title it does n't even tell you what the article is about . 
  comments are the proof of how shitty the title is erdogan is saying we should stop aiming for eu membership which is what people in this sub want in the first place . 
  he is voluntarily saying we should stop bothering eu is n't that what you guys always wanted ? 
  that 's because it is still fairly easy to find uncensored media in turkish if you look for it . 
  such a sad map imo only few countries are in lightest color . 
  too bad i do n't have a violent mind like you i was thinking something like giving independence to kurds so that they could not take over turkey or creating an education - development camping in southeast so that it would be more expensive and undesirable to have many children to drop birthrates . 
  i think you should get help you sound like someone who can not stop thinking about death and murder . 
  not gon na lie it is pathetic how some kurds here try to use the suffering of armenians for propaganda . 
  the event has nothing to do with armenians or armenian remembrance day yet look at the title also nice alt account there op i can already guess who are you . 
   the ybs is an all yazidi group affiliated to the kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) ...  kom news sources have said the airstrikes could not have been conducted without the knowledge of international governments . 
  from the article so everything seems in order . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  anything that 's not a mosque . 
  ottoman architecture is mostly remembered by it 's grand mosques which is why he specifically mentioned it was an good example of `` non-religious ottoman architecture '' . 
  could you please read the thread before spreading misinformation ? 
  greywolf_turk is a known idiot ... 
  lmao says the spanish . 
  how many genocides your people committed while colonizing again ? 
  lol go away with your bullshit please . 
  comparing situation of kurds to armenian genocide is insult to armenains . 
  go take that to r/kurdistan nobody will take you seriously here . 
  accepting armenian genocide does not mean we forgot our own dead . 
  hell because of you guys we can not seek justice for own dead because nobody takes us seriously when we do n't even recognize our own crimes . 
  please google what young turks is then . 
  the group who perpetrated the genocide was cup ( committee of union and progress ) . 
  there is n't anything wrong with calling your show or yourself young turk people who are offended by it are simply ignorant . 
  if a liberal party commits a genocide calling yourself liberal will not mean you support genocide . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_turks  that 's like going up to a jew and asking how many jewish people were killed in the holocaust and going `` well , you say 6 million i said none , let 's just split the difference and say 3 million . '', 
  that 's a ridiculous hyperbole and you know it . 
  there is nothing wrong with people arguing about the numbers of the death . 
  1.5 million given by armenia is basically the highest point . 
  many unbiased historians agree that number is most likely between 600.00-1 .500.000 . 
   why is turkey so reluctant to recognize the genocide ? 
  it was performed by administrative and military personnel in the ottoman empire . 
  because armenia wants dem monies more than apology . 
  there is areason why turkey accepts armenians were killed but refuses to call it a genocide if it was a matter of pride the massacres would have denied instead of just label `` genocide '' . 
  not sure if you are serious but it is stupid to separate same event to 3 . 
  you do n't see people separating holocaust to genocide of jews and genocide of gays . 
  man i feel bad for armenians even in a day they are supposed to remember their death what people care is turkey 's stance in the issue . 
   all i 'm saying is that most countries do n't share so called western values regarding homosexuality . 
  values change all the time there is nothing wrong with replacing backwards values with progressive ones otherwise we would have never got equality between sexes . 
   why should the russian state overrule what the majority of the population think to satisfy other countries ? 
  because being one of the first countries to do the right thing is not a bad thing ? 
  that 's what we call tyranny of the majority my friend minorities deserve protection regardless of popular opinion and do it for your own gay citizens not for other countries . 
   its not like homosexuals are killed or end up in prison , all they get is a fine which is in line with what russians want . 
  this is literally mind blowing for me . 
  how can someone argue that people getting fined for their sexuality is not a big deal ? 
  turkey is a homophobic country but even we do not fine people for being gay . 
   i think you as a turk should be proud of your own values and culture and not try to change it to please outsiders , the europeans will never respect your country anyway . 
  this is what we russians understand . 
  so are you saying gay russians are not russians themselves ? 
  why are so obsessed with europeans ? 
  goal here is to please your own gay population . 
  man you must have really low standards for your country if `` at least we do n't systematically murder them '' is enough for you . 
  that 's just sad instead of aspiring to be like those select western countries you argue that most of the world is shitty so it should be okay to be shitty . 
  yes because fraud was done from countryside . 
  otherwise no way erdogan would lose ankara and istanbul . 
  proud of my hometown eskisehir ( the province near ankara ) for voting no . 
  the article does a poor job explaining why is he arrested in the first place . 
  was he illegally ( ? ), 
  passing to syria ? 
  this is more about equality , polygamy is a different matter entirely . 
  right now many countries allow marrying just one person but dictating that person 's gender is simply a discrimination . 
  i agree but what else can be done ? 
  are we gon na wait this guy do die ? 
  please france you have 3 examples of voting going wrong in the recent history i hope you will do the right thing . 
  man i really like k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu but we need someone else to lead the opposition .
