  this is basically advertisement for the guy 's restaurant behind the veil of news . 
  was n't it you guys who said that not even half of the `` refugees '' in europe were not syrians but actually were economic immigrants from middle-east and africa ? 
  change of heart now ? 
  suddenly they 're refugees from syria ? 
  they want to go europe it 's not our shit we 're just a transit country just like east european nations . 
  you seem confused what this deputy saying is they would return the migrates [ that were sent to turkey ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/04/first-moves-to-deport-refugees-from-greece-to-turkey-underway ) from europe not the ones that were always in turkey . 
  however be mind that this guy a massive retard so current turkish goverment might not have any plans like this at all but knowing erdogan if the deal crumbles he probably would do this . 
  good we should n't have let europe use us as a dumpster in the first place . 
  i knew erdogan was gon na blow this deal up at least he wo n't known as the guy that got us free-visa travel to schengen . 
  dude does n't know how to freaking negotiate ... visa-free travel was going to be nice but if we 're not getting that there is no point taking care of europe 's shit . 
  edit : lol europeans are mad that they ca n't use other countries as their dumpster this shit is funny yo . 
  hey i have a great idea let 's pay europe 3 billion and give them our refugees . 
  well it 's kinda diffrent with japanese you can write everything with hiragana but you ca n't write everything with kanji . 
   if you are n't willing to deport illegals , because the other country do n't want to accept them , then start pressuring them . 
  you 'll quickly become an isolated union then because refugees are coming to eu from all directions and believe me no country is stupid enough to take them back . 
  you do n't make friends with threats ...  there is nothing we can do if turkey refuses to comply after taking the money you 're not giving turkey 3 billion and saying do whatever you like . 
  eu will make sure that the money gave will only spent on refugees and the money was not going to be paid at one go . 
   if they came to eu via turkey they should go back to turkey too bad the world does n't work in the same way with your dreams . 
  you can only send them back to their homeland we have no obligation to take anybody unless they 're turkish citizens . 
   if they came to eu via turkey it means turkey allowed ( or even pushed ) them to travel to eu . 
  and your proof is what ? 
  your ass ? 
  you can even pass to greece with a shitty fishing boat what do you want authorities to do ? 
  ban all boats from sailing to aegean sea ? 
  if refugees want to leave they can leave it 's not our problem in fact it 's a good thing . 
  it forces eu to do something about the refugee crises . 
  sadly the modern humanist eu only starts to care when it hits to their doorstep . 
   it is the same rule that applies to airlines : if an airline brings a person without visum to an airport , it will have to take this person back to the port of departure at its own cost . 
  which is irrelevant because these people are passing to europe by themselves nobody is flying them there . 
  you can do whatever you want with these people according to nation 's laws but no nation has obligation to take someone that 's not their citizen . 
  your government and eu knows this which is why we made a deal in the first place so you can deport the troublesome refugees . 
  the world is n't your playground it works with give and take not with just your wishes . 
  i mean i get that the churches that are turned to mosques are the ones that are empty and are not in use anymore . 
  but ffs everywhere in turkey is filled with mosques just let them stay as museums even if it does n't bring tourists it 's still a historical place . 
  not everything has to be usable ... 
  i have no idea wtf is he talking about anymore . 
  did n't he say `` we go to our own way you to your own eu '', 
  that 's obviously false since i see single digit pkk deaths almost everyday also most of those 55 isis terrorists were neutorilized by artillery strikes . 
  the `` reconnaissance mission '' was probably to count the bodies and completely stop the daily attacks on kilis . 
  we 'll see if they actually did something if kilis does n't get bombed by isis in coming days . 
  i 'm really sick of erdogan 's dumb remarks . 
  you ca n't escape from this guy everyday when i 'm looking for news i stumble upon to this fucker 's speeches and each time he pisses me of . 
  if you want more answers why do you want answers from europeans only ? 
  i still ca n't see it apprently there is also a country that 's trying to learn itallian . 
  some people do n't really know what islamaphobe means and since they dislike or disprove of islam they identify as one . 
  if you do n't start running away when you see a muslim or do n't feel unsafe around them you 're not an islamphobe . 
  so uh ... 
  which countries are learning turkish and italian ? 
  and ? 
  what does that mean exactly ? 
  there are not many muslims in germany 40 percent of them having muslim friends is quite high as it is . 
  that 's so retarded . 
  tbh everybody should shun facebook ... 
  no it 's not . 
  religious circumcision should be banned worldwide ... tbh i do n't even know where the fuck circumcision entered to islamic culture here is no mention in the quran or hadith ... 
  i do n't his goons only check youtube , facebook and twitter . 
  so what ? 
  you did all those 67 benchmarks out of 72 just for show ? 
  how retarded are you erdogan ? 
  i 'll call all of you gypsies because you did n't include turkey in that yurop !, 
  actually it 's a valid question considering the fact that drinking is not a massive taboo as eating pork is . 
  i heard pork is sold in big super markets but i never saw it myself to be honest ... 
  good no minor should be allowed to wear niqab or even hijab they 're kids . 
  there is no way a kid would wear that stuff by their own volition . 
  8 fucking million views . 
  just kill me ... 
  surprised how good the article was . 
  well done guardian . 
  it is because turkey was occupied after ww1 . 
  the `` european control '' here is the modern colonialism we know . 
  dude you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  like you do not even know the basics just go and get a bit informed . 
  if all you got from my comments is `` jailing someone you disagree '' you do n't even worth talking to . 
  those people financed pkk with our own fucking taxes . 
  your country 's democracy must be pretty fucked up if you think that 's okay . 
  the problem is they are not seeking autonomy for the right reasons . 
  their ultimate goal is independence . 
  they only seek autonomy to leech of turkey 's resources until they are self-sustaining and will attempt to secede after basically robbing us which is why i am against it i would support if they directly seek independence though . 
  it is natural as you said however people act like hdp is some pro-all good stuff party while they have only one goal which is autonomy . 
  they are not interested in making turkey a better place . 
  sure if you want autonomy the correct method of achieving this is bringing it to parliament however if you are going with the political way why are you keep associating with the guys who are trying to achieve that with terroristic methods ? 
  that just ruins your credibility do n't you think ? 
  because of this hdp lost the trust of the people and erdogan quickly disposed them . 
  half of kurds vote for erdogan . 
  without kurdish support akp ca n't form a goverment without a coalition . 
  erdogan always sought kurdish support . 
  he just targets certain kurds just like he targets certain turks . 
  kurds are nobody 's enemy in turkey . 
  not true . 
  it is a lot harder for someone to do a suicide attack if they do not believe in afterlife . 
  there is a reason why `` other justifications '' are a lot rarer . 
  then that 's just your opinion because there are many examples of the contrary in the european countries that has problems with islamists . 
  good thing you 're not the prime minister huh ? 
  sure keep telling that to yourself i am sure a mp can totally organize a rally with islamist flags and faces of known terrorists without any repercussions . 
  when was the last time you left your room exactly ? 
  nice way to hide the hypocrisy . 
  pray tell why was n't it `` equiparable '' ? 
  the situation i presented was exactly the same just geared towards the current problems of europeans . 
  either the context of the `` civic protest '' does n't matter or it does so either both are okay or neither is . 
  erdogan only managed to lift their immunity with the help of mhp and chp and because of hdp 's actions they had no choice to vote in favor to lift the immunities because if they refused they would look like they were protecting pkk financiers and spokesmen .
