  however it 's nice to see europe has the same amount of retards as our own country . 
  this thread was an eye opener for me . 
  sad to see the liberal western world so willingly eating up such obivious propaganda attempts . 
  can you show me one woman who wears bukinis who would support your assumption ? 
   weird how akp government was all nice and friendly with the cemaat until the latter started exposing their corruption . 
  then suddenly , they 're a terrorist organization . 
  and we are cracking down on extremist islamist organizations who incite violence and hate speech , as opposed to muslim organizations . 
  exactly . 
  so why are you acting like these fuckers being arrested is a bad thing ? 
  you 're so focused on erdogan that you failed to see other evils . 
  before erdogan there was gulenists before him there was nurcus . 
  these people have been pain in the butt for years and finally they 're getting what 's coming for them . 
  what 's wrong with being okay with this ? 
  erdogan crimes is well known to all of us and he will pay for it eventually . 
  however that does n't mean i 'm gon na start agreeing with every crazy who opposes him . 
   if you do n't understand the difference between islamists and muslims , no wonder you support erdogan . 
  i have never in my life supported erdogan did n't vote for him , hate him and his guts and would throw a party if he died tomorrow but i also hate cemaat . 
  gulen and erdogan those fuckers are the biggest threat this country ever faced . 
  their alliennce did too much damage to this nation but now their infighting is  and if we 're going to discus terrorist organizations : i do n't see erdogan cracking down as much on isis . 
  and just when i thought you knew some stuff you return to your ignorant self . 
  for the last few years everyday isis supporters and members are getting arrested . 
  literally one google search will prove it but ofc research and reading is hard for people like you . 
   even worse , he arrested and punished turkish journalists who revealed that turkey send isis arm deliveries in a secret trial . . oh my god how ignorant can you be ? 
  what the flying fuck ? 
  the deliveries were going to syrian rebels not fucking isis can d\u00fcndar never claimed that it was going to isis and locations the trucks were caught was in hatay . 
  google it if you do n't know where that it . 
  it 's kilometers far from turkey-isis border . 
  also you do n't even know that the court sided with can d\u00fcndar and erdem g\u00fcl got no sentence . 
  it 's sad to see that you 're an enemy of reading ... 
  the human race does n't advance fast enough because of the likes of you . 
  you guys talk first read later and spew your ignorance to everywhere . 
   hell , today even germany , turkey 's closest european ally , condoned erdogan for actively supporting islamist terrorist organizations . 
  again you 're spewing your ignorance because you only read the title and not the article . 
  i really feel sad for you because you do n't seem to be someone stupid ... 
  nothing is fucking leaked what the germany interior minister published was common knowledge or outdated that erdogan himself does n't even deny . 
  now let 's see what that report said : it starts with saying that turkey supports muslim brotherhood which is n't recognized as a terrorist organization anywhere except russia and some middle-eastern countries . 
  muslim brotherhood was an islamist party in egypt and it was democratically elected until they were overthrown by a coup . 
  i guess siding with democratically elected government is wrong huh just because they 're islamists ... 
  when does west stops supporting suadi arabia again ? 
  let 's see what else got in this report . 
  hamas ... hamas had a fucking office is turkey it was no secret that turkey supported hamas until turkey and israel made up now . 
  now [ hamas is expelled from turkey ] ( http://eajc.org/page32/news53438.html ) . 
  sad to see germany interior minister is this incompetent that he ca n't even validate his report properly . 
  and lastly the report said we support islamist organizations in syria . 
  well no fucking shit erdogan makes speeches about it all the time how assad is crazy dictator and how opposition is right . 
  everybody knows that the rebels are islamists and we 're not alone in this support . 
  usa and france supports them as well do n't see anybody accusing them of supporting terrorism however ... 
  curious huh ? 
  however there is rumors of a flip because of the recent dealings of erdogan and putin so let 's hope it 's true . 
   please tell me how the fuck an air hostess or a university student are responsible for a coup which only lasted one day ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  no university student or air hostess is arrested . 
  also how slow are you ? 
  did you not read that this was a crackdown towards cemaat not just coup plotters ? 
  you do not need to be directly involved with the coup . 
  after the terrorist attacks in europe did those countries just arrested the guys who did the attack ? 
  wow look at france . 
  they are done with all their problems and what 's left is banning a clothing that 's only worn in beaches by a minority in the country . 
  you aware that cemaat is declared a terrorist organization in turkey since 2015 right ? 
  why is west arresting islamists then ? 
  why is islamist mosques are being raided ? 
  is n't that also religious discrimination by your logic ? 
  i never claim only coup plotters were being arrested what i claimed is only cemaat members are being arrested not gulenist supporters or erdogan 's political opponents . 
  huh ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  erdogan did have prior knowledge of it ... that 's why the coup has failed . 
  it was going to happen in 3 am where everybody is sleeping but mit discovered it early so it had to be rushed otherwise they would get arrested in the morning and doing a coup at the most busy hour in turkey is a bad idea unless you ready to massacre the entire population . 
  congratulations france you stopped islamic terorrism . 
  the burkinis were the culprit !, 
  except that you have no idea what the fuck are you talking about . 
  ever heard of zaman ? 
  zaman was the biggest news media in turkey until it was taken over by government for being gulenist . 
  by your logic millions of people should be arrested for subscribing to an known gulenist media . 
  then there is gulenists charter schools . 
  even i went to one . 
  it both gave you normal education and promoted gulenism by giving special islamic lessons they even made you read gulen 's books . 
  millions of people went to these . 
  there is also bank asya the gulen 's bank that mainly used by gulen 's supporters . 
  as you can see there are millions of gulenist supporters in this country . 
  yet only 38k people arrested why ? 
  because we 're arresting the members of cemaat not everybody who supports gulenism . 
  second part of your comment is even worse you 're ignorant about what 's going on and gulen movement that you obliviously claim that arrested judges and academicians are innocent . 
  gulenist judges is pretty fucking well known . 
  they fabricated evidence and convicted our kemalist officers in balyoz and ergenekon trials . 
  gulenist academicians are also known . 
  you seem to not even aware how cemaat operates . 
  cemaat is not some isis like organization . 
  they give actual education to their people so they could infiltrate to critical parts of country and gulenist academicians are crucial for the organization because their goal is to make sure that their fellow gulenist youth is getting good grades . 
  they even stole the answers of general university entrance exam . 
  you do n't know how big cemaat is do you ? 
  yes and now the number is down to 38,000 and only 17,000 them is facing trial . 
  here 's a tip kid reading will save you from future embarrassments like this one . 
   well , gulen and gulenists are erdogan 's major political and ( reputedly ) ideological opponents . 
  no they 're not both have the same ideology which is why they used to be allies against kemalists back in the day . 
  the diffrent is erdogan and his party is elected gulenists on the other hand tried to take over by force . 
   even though there 's barely any evidence gulen was behind the coup there are so many evidence that 85 boxes of evidence is being sent to usa . 
  thousands of testimonies , proves of coup plotters being part of cemaat , confessions ... etc. . . 
  it 's basically confirmed that it was gulenists who orchestrated the coup but i guess what you guys want gulen himself coming and saying he did ... do you guys think he 's an moron or something ? 
   erdogan was quick to blame it on him and his followers , setting off the largest purge the country has ever seen in the most direct and authoritarian way possible quick ? 
  for days we thought it was an kemalist coup just like the one against adnan menderes it took days for it to be confirmed that gulen was behind it .
