  at least in social pressure you can learn to ignore it but when something is banned officially there is nothing you can do about it . 
  also you seem to not aware what reason the guy you support gave . 
   `` we are not talking about banning the wearing of religious symbols on the beach ... but ostentatious clothing which refers to an allegiance to terrorist movements which are at war with us , '' he said . 
  he basically says that everybody who wears burkinis are supporting terrorists ... 
  it does n't have anything to do with your internal misogyny argument . 
   although you do seem to think that internalising misogyny is somehow impossible , which is sad . 
  it is not however you 're supporting the ban of this type of swimsuit by implying everybody who wear it are being oppressed . 
  you 're ignoring the rights of women who are not part of this internal misogyny . 
   and to call that out does not make me a `` sexist asshole '' ( in your own words ) . 
  you 're not calling out anything you 're just making an baseless assumption because your own cultural background describes women not being half naked at the beach as wrong which leads you to believe people only wold wear those if they 're being forced to . 
  you 're just making the situation worse instead of giving the women the free will of choice you 're forcing your own cultural view by saying `` you ca n't wear this that 's oppressive you can only wear theses '' just like how someone from an backwards muslim background would say `` you ca n't wear this it 's not modest enough '' . 
  the only thing that changes are the words you use the mentality is the same . 
  do you know any women who wears bukini willing to support your assumption ? 
  or are you one of those sexist assholes who believe that women are unable to see whether they 're being oppressed or not because they have been indoctrinated ? 
  did n't know being naked was a piece of clothing . 
  you guys really try way too hard to try to support facist assholes, 
  halal swimsuit . 
  integration does n't mean assimilation . 
  you 're just proving his point . 
  you ca n't claim to be a multicultural society and bring all these fascist laws and i want you to explain how is burkini is any threat to french way of life and secular society . 
  i mean if you 're muslim and poor the rich folk has to donate you money at ramadan . 
  it 's one of the pillars of islam so there is that attraction for poor folk . 
   laws to govern the clothes you wear just seem very wrong . 
  for good reason because they are . 
  forcing a dress code in a public beach is what suadis do . 
  it should absolutely not exist in an liberal society . 
  how is a clothing islamist symbol ? 
  if you ask me you need to be pretty retarded to even manage to associate them . 
  [ black standard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_standard ) is banned or will bring the cops on your door in the europe which is understandable because it is literally the symbol of islamist extremism in today 's world however a mere clothing or swimsuit absolutely not . 
  that 's even worse much worse ... 
  but we 're talking about beaches here . 
  beaches do n't have regulations like this at least they should n't have ... 
  why do you assume all women want to be half naked in a beach ? 
  what if they want to hide their bodies by their own volition ? 
  maybe they do n't have confidence or maybe they 're just uncomfortable being half naked near strangers . 
  maybe they just do n't want to get sunburn while swimming or maybe they just want to wear it for the sake of wearing it . 
  why are you in favor of denying their freedom of choice ? 
  also are you seriously asking about differences between them ? 
  you got no eyes or something ? 
  firstly one does not cover your face which is the main reason why burka is banned in france secondly burka is only a one set of clothing . 
  it 's a big black piece of cloth while burkini has colors different variations and patterns . 
  for example you may ban a specific t-shirt for being offensive or provocative it would still be wrong but at least you can make some sound arguments about why you banned it but banning all t-shirts would be both retarded and incredibly oppressive which is what banning burkini is . 
  explain how [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/women/2016/03/22/burkini_1683808a-large_trans++qvzuuqpflyliwib6ntmjwfnlcwathis1v_3ckt3mgay.jpg ) supresses women in any way . 
  we 're not talking about burkas here read the article next time . 
  burkas are already banned in france and everybody is fine with it . 
  burkini is basically a more casual wet suit i wonder what retarded reason he has for such a stupid decision . 
  burqas are banned because they cover your face . 
  burkini on the other hand does not cover your face ... 
  sad day for france and liberty ... 
  yes [ we 're manufacturing our own drones ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_aerospace_industries#unmanned_aerial_vehicles ) however we 're very much depended on nato tech . 
  one hour a day ? 
  damn that 's way too much waste of time . 
  in turkey it 's one hour a week and even that causes some debate . 
  that 's not an ultimatum . 
  for it to be one erdogan needs to back up his demand with a threat . 
  i 'm guessing most people shitting confuse it with hijab . 
  there is no logical reason to not ban burqa . 
  islam does not require you to wear that shit only hijab . 
  women who wear it most of the tame made to wear by their husbands . 
  however if you gon na ban burqa i hope you 're ready to help the muslim women who 'll get the backlash for it . 
  only if you remove bahceli somehow . 
  if turkey can switch sides this easily nato should really really try to keep turkey . 
  depends on how will usa react to gulen 's formal extradition request . 
  i 'm someone who does n't care much about history . 
  i only care about what happened in my own lifetime and russia did n't do anything bad to turkey but there is no point in seeing usa as an ally when they harbor the coup mastermind . 
  most of us do n't give two shits about syria even akp supporters realize that we fucked up at syria and no other country expect our brother nations are popular in turkey we hate everyone so whether russia is popular or not in turkey does n't mean much . 
  click bait article . 
  there is no significant friendship yet we just returned back to the state we were before the jet crises . 
  and r/worldnews loses their minds . 
  if you knew anything about history of nato members you would realize how ridiclous what you said sounds like . 
  those are all talk nato is an defensive military alliance they do n't give two shits about democracy or all those good stuff . 
  cancer, 
  i love how people still are jerking over some mp 's comments about secularism that everybody and their mothers disagreed with it . 
  although i find this conspiracy shit bullshit . 
  it is kinda weird to find 1 dollar bills on several gulenists like why are they carrying 1 dollar bills ? 
  it is totally useless in turkey and if you exchange your money to usd you would n't get 1 dollar bills unless you request specifically . 
  anyway the title actually makes some sense when you read the article but the reasoning behind it is like something out of a movie . 
  thank you for giving me second hand embarrassment . 
  anyway no [ the ones that does not say right wing in this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_turkey ) . 
  mainly s\u00f6zc\u00fc and h\u00fcrriyet, 
   there wasnt intercommunal violence when you invaded yeah and turkish cypriots are all liars and photographic evidence are fake . 
   just a coup i hope you 're joking `` just a coup '' lol ... 
  i guessw when you are too high on propaganda you utter sentences like this . 
  just a coup no biggie ... you remind me of armenian genocide deniers `` there was n't a genocide just deportation '', 
  i just responded your armenian genocide comparison . 
  i did n't play the victim card i fully accept that we never got qualified to join eu and it 's our fault however i 'm also realistic . 
  europeans are so clearly racist against turks even if we were fully qualified your governments would be reluctant to allow us in . 
  just look at arguments your fellow europeans give why turkey should n't be in eu here 's a few i hear constantly : 1 . 
  turkey is n't in europe . 
  turks are not european . 
  turks are muslims . 
  if we let them in eu would border war-torn middle-eastern countries . 
  if we let them in millions of uneducated turks will swarm our glorious cities . 
  turks will bring their racial conflicts to the europe . 
  etc. . . etc. . . and considering we 're the most unpopular eu candidate even more unpopular than morroco a literal kingdom do you really think your politicians would be okay with committing political suicide to let turkey in if we were qualified ? 
  which is what i am talking about . 
  turkish government does even bother with those chapters at all . 
  they do n't care about entering eu they just want to stay candidate forever to rally ignorant folks . 
  ah the return of ignorant westerners who ca n't make a point without bringing back armenian genocide . 
  it 's always funny to see you guys fidgeting like pigs to try to find some similarity with and action modern turkey took and with armenian genocide .
