  gulen being behind the coup is not some crazy `` jews did it '' theory ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%bclen_movement, 
  you do n't know how to read ? 
  it 's your own damn citizen bro . 
  he 's an swiss citizen he is n't coming from somewhere else . 
  it 's scarry that you 're asking someone to be punished without even his crime proved . 
  that 's literally isis mentality . 
  you do n't even know what you 're talking about do you ? 
  islamic burial is not banned . 
  only thing that 's banned is you ca n't get an actual imam do the funeral for you . 
  you need to do everything yourself ... also what kind of strawman argument is that ? 
  where did i even claimed what you 're saying . 
  i said you would n't get investigated for wanting to bury your son to a proper cemetery and you 're talking about ban of islamic burial and shit . 
  i do n't think suspect is enough to revoke someone 's citizenship a firm connection should be made first . 
  here is a huge jump between investigating , detaining and literally revoking someone citizenship . 
  kinda like a mayor of an neighborhood in a city . 
  soldiers tried to take over the telecom to cut down the internet he tried to stop them and a lieutenant shot him . 
  it 's all recorded as well ... 
  yeah but that does n't mean you ca n't bury your son to a proper cemetery . 
  we are allowing bodies of pkk terrorists to be claimed for years . 
  this is not that much different from that as well . 
  you 'll not get investigated because you just want to bury your son that 's just silly . 
  erdogan and gulen has been best bros few years ago anyway he already knows key gulenist figures since they gave them positions around bureaucracy and army together so basically lists are already ready . 
  there is a reason why he was able to purge 50k people in a few days . 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  erdogan is n't purging everybody he ca n't even if he wants to . 
  dead pkk terrorists being claimed by their parents all the time yet i do n't see them getting arrested yet . 
  if someone 's kids body buried despite they requesting the body . 
  some journalists bound to pick that story up that has not happened yet . 
  what do you mean exactly . 
  if your son was for example part of the coup and got killed you can still claim his body and give him a proper burial if you do n't however he 'll be buried in there . 
  the guy i mentioned the one who murdered the muhtar 's father disowned him and refused to take his body for example . 
  it 's only for unclaimed bodies by the way . 
  however this is just a proof of how low we fell now . 
  one of the guys who 's buried there murdered my home towns muhtar . 
  he was a murderer but still dead is dead . 
  finally europe is taking action . 
  this is the main problem fix your mosques ... you should worry more about the homegrown terrorists than foreigners . 
  europeans do not know how to handle islam . 
  imams hold a great influence over muslims when a muslim is conflicted about a religious matter they go and ask an imam generally to their local imam . 
  germany or europe in general did n't even extradite pkk terrorists but erdogan thinks they 'll for gulen followers ? 
  lol ... 
  that makes two of us france . 
  yeah ofc terrorists are totally normal human beings . 
  who would n't want to murder people for their god ? 
  totally normal human behavior if you ask me ... / s i really do n't understand this new logic ... 
  suicidal people almost always have some mental problems but when someone decides to commit suicide by blowing themselves near a crowd ? 
  suddenly he is not mentally ill ? 
  really ... 
  article completely fails to realize that late ottoman caliphate was not accepted by extremists and whatever he said or done would n't have influenced them in the first place . 
  there is a reason why wahhabists sided with british against ottoman caliphate because according to them it was choice between two infidels but one was offering them freedom . 
  lol someone should post this as an example on wikipedia 's strawman article . 
   but tell me , when someone kills 80 + people , the readers will want to find out who that person was . 
  i 'm a reader and i never wanted to learn how a shooter looked or what was their name was but i would want to know the shooters motive . 
   if the french media does n't provide the info , someone else will . 
  not being the one to do that is still something . 
  obviously because a non-pure european would only shoot people because of islam . 
  it 's funny that countries that are extremely anti-immigrant are countries that immigrants do n't want to stay in the first place . 
  man we really have a renaming fetish . 
  putin and erdogan can actually become pals but idk about trump . 
  lol what kind of logic is that ? 
  we did n't ? 
  i guess aegean migrant route closed by itself and the migrant boats from greek islands were returned to china . 
  as far as i know we did what was asked us of ... ofc as i said visa-free travel is a different matter because we did n't fulfil the eu 's criteria . 
  to be perfectly honest if you 're shooting up people because some sky daddy says so there is a good chance that mental illness is also involved . 
   terrorism is , in its broadest sense , the use or threatened use of violence ( terror ) in order to achieve a political , religious , or ideological aim . 
  what you want is a dictionary definition of terrorism bro i do n't know what you 're smoking . 
  erdogan 's actions are irrelevant here otherwise by your logic if someone where to shoot george bush he would n't have been a terorrist . 
  you have no difference than erdogan if your solution is assasinating people you hate in fact you would be worse than him because at least erdogan locks up his enemies not kills them . 
  he is not exactly wrong . 
  we were promised 3 billion and did n't get all of it yet . 
  the visa free travel however is a diffrent matter that erdogan fucked up . 
  either for victims or they shouted that meaning `` what about us '' . 
  this phase normally meant for soldiers who died fighting terrorism mainly pkk terrorism but these days it 's used for literally anything so you can interpret it in quite a different ways . 
  but if they were congratulating terrorists they would n't say this phrase . 
  which is why it 's used as a propaganda and changed to `` allahu akbar '' to fuel the anti-turkism in europe . 
  spoken like a true terrorist . 
  isis would be proud . 
  they shouted `` martyrs do not die , our country wont be divided '' . 
  you should remember being a decent human being before lying on the internet for your own fucked up agenda . 
  2016 sucks but at least it shows the true face of scumbags in europe . 
  also you think that 's bad ? 
  how about the pkk tents in brussels ? 
  we do n't even need to use football hooligans as an example to show how less europe cares about terrorist attacks in turkey . 
  so know your place . 
  free visa travel was pretty much gon na happen this year but erdogan changed his mind at the last minute . 
  i do n't know how willing eu is anymore but 20 years is overboard . 
  basically eu gave us an list of stuff we need to do get free visa travel one of them was revising our anti-terrorism laws . 
  erdogan refused to do that one . 
  he never wanted to join . 
  he just keeps to door open to sometimes use it in his speeches . 
  if erdogan blocked stuff because of memes . 
  the sites where turkey 's dankest memes are created the `` eksi s\u00f6zl\u00fck '' and the '' \u0130nci s\u00f6zl\u00fck '' would have been blocked . 
  why would it be blocked ? 
  welcome to our world ... 
  lol that 's so obvious exaggeration that i question the mental health of anybody who believes that . 
  do you also believe that women get scammed in the shops because they ca n't / would n't `` argue '' with the shopkeeper in middle-east ? 
  i guess the airspace violations will skyrocket in coming days . 
  if death penalty ever returns ( which is unlikely erdogan did n't give a positive answer to this ) the leaders of the coup are the ones who 'll be executed not soldiers however soldiers are emotinally tortured according to leaked photos by the police like being forced to stare a picture of erdogan for hours , etc but in the end [ the ones who have not fired on civilians are let go of ] ( http://www.panarmenian.net/eng/news/217580/ ) . 
   but as we know as long as some people do n't find fault in something done in turkey then everybody else should accept it as well , right ? 
  lol someone does n't know how to debate without putting words to the mouth of the opposition .
