  it is n't about what they can do . 
  what they want matters to us . 
  not this jelly hair again please do n't take him seriously also i highly doubt northern cyprus would be okay with this . 
   how many classes do you need to become islamist and pedophile ? 
  this is a ridiculous assumption pedophilia is an mental illness you do n't suddenly get attracted to children and islamism is a political ideology not every muslim is islamist . 
  people become islamist because they believe that ruling with god 's law is more pious and correct than rule of men . 
   how many lessons is needed to learn you to hate jews lots of propaganda . 
  hatred of jews by arabs is because israel is constantly demonized and used as a tool to blame everything on . 
  for example it seems like you have been subjugated to similar propaganda because you assume all of them are are pedophiles and despise women and non-muslims ? 
  how many classes did you take ? 
   why do you assume that opposite way is easier or even ... possible ? 
  why do n't you ? 
  you are a human , i am a human and they are humans . 
  the only reason you do n't hold those backwards values like they do is because you did n't born and raised in a backwards society . 
  if someone can learn how to read as an adult they can learn about modern values as an adult as well . 
  sure there will be some people who will refuse to let go of their ways but you can be sure that if someone traveled all the way from syria to europe they would at least try to adapt . 
  what is wrong with giving them a chance ? 
  call it whatever you want some ideas are more right and there is nothing wrong with imposing them on people just like how we teach kids democracy , freedom of speech , equality , secularism etc. . . 
  if you want peace there has to be some popular `` right '' ideas so that the country is n't in a constant ideological warfare . 
   at least they did n't originally maybe after 5 years they would be content with either side winning as long as the war ends . 
  i wrote this part for a reason . 
  that is why you create mandatory classes to impose modern values on them . 
   they are mercenaries and jihadist from elsewhere source ? 
  and where is `` elsewhere '' ? 
  call them whatever you want but % 90 of them are syrians . 
   but i can not accept inviting in millions of people who despise women 's rights , homosexuals ' rights , jewish rights , the rights of those who leave islam or become atheists , and of secular democracy generally . 
  even though most refugees hold unfavorable opinions about these issues majority of them have far more pressing problems to care about any of those . 
  your own country already has a great method for filtering the good , bad and ugly . 
  as far as i know immigrants needs to prove that they are able and willing to integrate in switzerland . 
  not sure if you are aware but most of syrian refugees are actully pro-rebel and blame assad for the destruction of syria ... people who support the govement mostly still live in goverment held areas . 
  so most syrian refugees do not hold your opinion at all at least they did n't originally maybe after 5 years they would be content with either side winning as long as the war ends . 
  and there comes the flip-flop . 
  holy shit how are we not at the top ? 
  turkish drivers are crazy ... 
  sure but they also include public transport . 
  if i ca n't cover my face say on a bus then there is no point really . 
  because i want to ? 
  because i am sick and do n't want people to catch my sickness or maybe because there is something on my face that i want to hide a burn scar for example . 
  why would someone cover their face is irrelevant freedom dictates that everybody should have the right to cover their faces if they so desire . 
  if you think this ban will prevent rioters or bank robbers to not cover their faces then you 're fool . 
  could someone make a convincing argument on why people should be prohibited to cover their faces outside ? 
  it would be much better if they specifically banned burqa . 
  does n't matter much turkey already has a self sustaining small arms industry . 
  lol says the greek it is a lot mote likely that europe would just throw you under the bus . 
  so you also want turks alongside syrians ? 
  suit yourself mate ...  if the economy tanks , his supporters will no longer stand behind him . 
  you underestimate the akptards . 
  dollar is like 3.50 turkish lira right now and they do n't even care . 
  more bluffs ? 
  just do it retard ... 
  lmao austria has weapons ? 
  also everybody knows this is because of upcoming elections it is always fun when europeans use turkey to collect votes from ignorant masses . 
  why is european countries tolerating these sharia courts ? 
  like are these sharia courts even exist in europe ? 
  because i find it hard to believe but keep hearing about it ... 
  leverage ? 
  this is about getting rid of refugees i do n't care about whether it will help or not and the fact that you guys were each other 's throats over a few thousand brown men shows that it is still a big leverage . 
  good fucking job erdogan ... at least the refugee deal is off so we can open the floodgates . 
  not really that is just way of not acknowledging that you fucked up . 
  the gulen institute donated crazy amount of money to hillary 's campaign and trump 's advisers shown support for turkey 's request to extradite fetullah gulen . 
  http://europe.newsweek.com/us-should-extradite-coup-suspect-fethullah-gulen-turkey-says-trump-adviser-519534?rm=eu so trump might actually give what erdogan wants . 
  trump actually was one of the only world leaders that praised erdogan 's way of handling the coup attempt . 
  there is no bad blood between them . 
  god emperor trump and sultan erdogan 's forbidden love . 
  clear example of the general train of thought in your government , and that something is definetly wrong somewhere along the chain . . how was this not laughed out of your parliment ? 
  um it was ... 
  it never passed in the parliament and the akp was constantly ridiculed by all opposition parties . 
  they were literally forced to withdraw it before the next voting . 
   thats the point of it . 
  not to be a dick , but i 'd hate it if turkey joined the eu . 
  not because i 'm racist , not because i dislike muslims , but its way too risky especially with the retard at your helm . 
  like european governments are all great and there never was a outrageous draft submitted by them . 
  it has n't even been been too long since poland literally attempted to ban abortion . 
   but not for rapist of young girls because they can be forced to marry their attacker . 
  erdogan had nothing to do with that though ... 
  lol you just declared to the entire reddit that you do n't read jack shit . 
  i at least hope you would read this and learn something . 
  firstly that was just a draft and the law did not apply if rape was involved . 
  the problem with the law was it gave the kids bellow the age of consent a power to consent . 
  which could easily be exploited because kids can be tricked to consent and agree to marry . 
  secondly the draft was withdrawn it is literally on the front page come the fuck on mate . 
  you 're correct . 
  honestly i am not sure if his degree was fabricated or not people were saying it was but i assume if it indeed was opposition would n't have dropped the accusation . 
  i can not wrap my head around that . 
  how does a country function without keeping track of her citizens ? 
  that is simply not true you can easily find a newspaper shitting on erdogan in every single shop . 
  sozc\u00fc is one of them . 
  people are just idiots a good example of is brexit vote . 
  having free access to any information does not mean people will not be swayed by propaganda but that does n't mean brexit vote was not democratic was it ? 
  also you are forgetting that erdogan is also elected several times before his media crackdown . 
  making voting mandatory and declaring the voting day a federal holiday would easily lead to usa having high turnout rate as well . 
  usa is quite nationalist and politically active country reaching to 85 % turnout should n't be that hard for you guys . 
   so you 're saying we should consider negotiating with someone who `` is n't pro-europe anymore '' to welcome him in our ranks ? 
  are you high ? 
  erdogan is the leader of this country since 2002 you negotiated with him for 14 years . 
  you do not need to consider anything you already sat on the same table with him and his goons numerous times . 
  erdogan did n't sop his pro-europe narrative yesterday . 
   i 'm not even going to refute your diatribe point by point because you seem to have a very poor grasp of reality and what the eu should stand for . 
  if you do n't have a rebuttal you should n't even bother responding because you 're not adding anything to discussion with those condescending remarks . 
   also , you seem to be very bitter against europeans so why are you even trying to argue that we should not stop negotiations because turkey is a member of eu customs union and is eligible to a privileged partnership with eu .
