  really did you just wrote that analogy without thinking ? 
  of course you 're the same . 
  seeing an uncovered ankle disturbs them while covering hair disturbs you . 
  both of you are disturbed when a women decides to wear something you do n't approve yourself . 
  except that this ban is unacceptable in a secular country so you 're not `` militantly secular '' at all if you agree with this ban . 
  secularism does n't just guarantee freedom from religion it also guarantees freedom of religion and you just took away muslim women 's right to both enjoy at the beach and freely believe in their religion . 
  oh also here 's a [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority ) that might interest you since you believe the approval of majority is worth to ban something . 
  same i am also got downvoted to hell . 
  the r/europe mainly populated with teenagers that believe muslims are always wrong and they 're always right so they defended this ban even if they embarrassed to shit out of themselves in the process but fortunatly some of them have brains and understood how stupid and un-european it was in practice . 
  really ... did you seriously type this ? 
  how dumb are you kid ? 
  except that we 're talking about burkinis you goddamn moran not burka also stop calling yourself liberal you 're not a liberal with those views because you literally support banning someone from being worn seven if it 's worn by free will . 
  problem with burka is it covers your face not because it 's some ridiculous symbol of oppression your conjured out of your filthy ass . 
  also how retarded are you that you seriously think banning this stuff will bring equality ... when you ban women from wearing these clothes they are forced to wear . 
  men will totally say `` welp i guess i 'll let my wife to dress normally now that it 's illegal this sucks man ... '' what will happen is women wo n't be allowed to leave their houses . 
  so congratulations you put every women who had the misfortune to be born in a crazy muslim family in an house arrest . 
  hope you 're happy with your illusion of equality . 
  nazi uniforms are not banned in france and in germany as far as i know the problem is the symbols take a nazi uniform strip the symbols on them and you can wear is whenever you want . 
  however there are no religious , ideological symbols on a burkini it 's just a fucking full body swimsuit . 
  really why you guys embarrass yourselves trying to justify this ridiclous law that i can only imagine somewhere like suadi arabia would have ? 
  does n't make it any less ridiclous . 
  if seeing someone cover their hair disturbs you . 
  you should consider moving to suadi arabia because you would fit right in . 
  what r/europe is an unreasonable place ? 
  easy for you to say when half of your family does not live in another country . 
  i bet you would love to get a visa everytime you wan na see your mom . 
  it is extremely naive to think that disallowing dual citizenship will affect loyalty . 
   but what if they have to arrest a male suspect ? 
  are they okay with conducting a body search ? 
  rules in islam are not absolute if you have no choice any rule can be broken without it being counted as a sin . 
  like you can eat pork if there is no other food available if you have a male patrolman with you he should be the one to conduct the search but if you 're alone you can do it . 
   can you run wearing a hijab ? 
  yes hijabs can be worn both tightly and loosely it 's easier to run with an hijab than a cap ... 
  lol are you serious ? 
  hijab is a headscarf bro . . did you just seriously claim a clothing as common as headscarf is only worn by muslims ? 
  seems reasonable enough . 
  i 'm not look how many countries have a moral police that make you respect to a dress code in a public place . 
  if that 's where you draw the line no wonder these stuff happen without public outrage . 
  not accident sdf will be targeted if they do n't retreat past the euphrates . 
  congratulations france you 're suadi arabia now . 
  ca n't believe france has moral police now ... 
  tolerating does not mean supporting . 
  you know full well we could n't have dealt with isis in jarabulus before because of russia and usa did n't accept our safe zone offer ... 
  we indeed did but doing coups back in the day was easier . 
  civilians had no way to organize ... you saw yourself how many people were outside protesting it reminds you of the massive protests against assad pre-civil war and if the coup where to succeed i highly doubt they would return back to their homes without force ... 
  huh they 're not ? 
  what did the turkish rooted residents did that would make people think that they 're not royal to germany ? 
  being attached to turkish culture and politics does not make you unroyal . 
  the lack of understanding by europeans in mind-boggling . 
  a coup attempt has happened the country was saved from being syria v2 at the last minute . 
  stop acting like european turks are walking around with turkish flags everyday . 
   so , what you are saying is that turkey will invade syria no rojava is at our border we can hit entirety or rojava without taking a single step in to syria . 
   to help assad crush the kurds ? 
  more like force them to accept our terms . 
  rojava ca n't fight for independence against assad when we are hitting from the back . 
  they 'll eventually accept our terms for a fighting chance against assad . 
   not sure if assad wants to destroy the kurds he absolutely wants right now ypg forces are attacking hasakah tearing his posters killing his men and assad is not idiot enough to leave oil reserves to the pyd . 
  for assad ypg is also part of rebel terrorists ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_al-hasakah_ ( 2016 )  and the kurds are an ally of the us ... so any large-scale attack on them will get turkey in trouble internationally . 
  us support for ypg is just to fight isis when isis is gone nobody will care about them . 
  which is why i said `` that control is temporary when isis is gone ypg will get crushed by almost 3 fronts . '', 
  that control is temporary when isis is gone ypg will get crushed by almost 3 fronts . 
  the actual rojava will either be really small or will be an autonomous region in syria . 
  ban clothes that cover your face and the problem is solved . 
  what is the alternative exactly ? 
  hijabs and crosses should be not allowed in schools too . 
  children should n't be made to wear religious clothing or symbols they can wear it when they 're adults if they want . 
  these are pretty universal stuff majority of the muslims are not salafists there 's a reason why they hated by the rest of the muslim community or even declared heretics and vice-versa ... 
  i grow up with [ hanefi school ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanafi ) but most muslims would agree with things i typed down . 
  careful with that edge . 
  i love the random bits in china and europe ... 
  you do n't know anything about islam do you ? 
  islam is an flexible religion . 
  every rule can be broken if a life is at stake or if you got a valid reason . 
  you can eat pork if it 's the only thing available , you can lie to save your own life , you can refuse to fast if you supposed to take medicine , you can pray laying down or while sitting if you legs are no good etc. . . 
  here 's a tip from me kid reading about the stuff you 're `` interested '' as you put it would save you from a lot of future embarrassments like this one . 
   honor killings are a thing here . 
  dont pretend like a girl can leave islam whenever she wants even if her family is against it . 
  and ? 
  start a campaign then ... tell muslim women to go to the police if they want to leave islam and divorce from their abusive husbands . 
  are you implying you police is so incapable that they would be unable to protect women from crazed men ? 
  this is my problem you guys do n't give two shits about muslim women you 're just trying to hide the problem . 
  if you ban burkini you take away the only way those muslim women with abusive families way to enjoy sweet time in beach . 
  instead of helping them you punish them ... 
  is that your comeback ? 
  absolutely pathetic ... 
  i wo n't even attempt to educate you about the topic because i 'm just baffled how idiotic your answer was . 
  well could you ask them why do they wear it willingly ? 
  i mean i can understand wearing hijab because it 's just like any other clothing there are billions of color variations and patterns and you can cover your body with billions of diffrent clothing . 
  but burka ? 
  there is just one variation with few different colors ... that 's your only choice of clothing when going outside for the rest of your life does n't matter how hot or cold it is . 
  i just do n't understand why would anyone willingly be okay with it . 
  absolutely nothing if something actually happens it means your police force failed to protect her . 
  your argument is so retarded that it 's like banning women from going outside at nights because something might happen if they go out ... if your goal is helping the women who 're forced to cover up congratulations by banning burkini you just taken their only way of enjoying time in a beach . 
  instead of tackling the problem head on you just went for easy route and punished them for having abusive husband or family as long as there are no women wearing burkini in plain sight means the problem is gone amiright ? 
  except that this is western world there is no sharia there ... 
  so wearing burkini is voluntary as well . 
  the answer is simple it is because they believe in the religion of islam and islam says women should cover their body in presence of foreign men . 
  so your point is ? 
  are you implying that grown women are unable to make their own decisions about what religion they want to believe in ? 
  i have an honest question for you have you ever had a conversation with a muslim woman ?
