  lol did you seriously just went all the way back to wwii era just so you can make today 's muslims the bad guys ? 
  really dude that 's just painfully pathetic . 
  what 's next ? 
  now you gon na claim that today 's germans deserve persecution because of nazi crimes ? 
  what 's with the ridiclous hats ... 
  idk about turks in germany but in turkey or any country with muslim majority the support for isis is quite low . 
  german muslims hold turkey more dear than us for some reason . 
  they would n't support isis who murders our soldiers . 
  you can never have enough schools and hospitals if you ask me . 
  massive cathedrals are waste of space and resources a place to worship does not need to be that pompus . 
  it just ruins the point of religion . 
  there is nothing can be done about this . 
  i recommend just tagging people who you think they 're shills so you can skip their posts . 
  why built schools when you can build massive religious buildings . 
  you must be have a very shitty life to even bother doing something like this . 
  it is not even a funny joke just stupid . 
   that was her breaking point . 
  the beheadings , the sex slaves , the oppression of infidels were , although unpleasant , apparently absolutely halal . 
  but burning , that 's a no no . 
  that has no supporting hadith . 
  actually you 're right for a crazy extremist muslim you can somehow make an argument supportive of all of these by either using hadith or quran however burning someone to death is reserved as a divine punishment in islam even the most crazy muslim ca n't twist that . 
   time , money and happiness is wasted trying to police , coax and ` manage ' a supremacist ideology currently suffering from an inferiority complex . 
  and then we get blamed when we fail to integrate people who believe in this tripe . 
  you 're not supposed to integrate these people you 're supposed to integrate normal muslims . 
  it is your own fault for not carefully choosing who to allow residency in your country . 
  there is a reason why switzerland kicks foreign men who refuse to shake hands with women the hints are too damn obvious but sadly there are billions of examples of sweden being tolerant to these people . 
  it turns out letting people from undeveloped countries without a system to make sure they can adapt to your country is a bad idea after all . 
   it 's funny in a way that will make you cry , but go back a few years and check out the american media 's obsession with the question : ` why does europe have problems with muslims that we do n't ? ', 
  along with the condescending answers . 
  well you do n't see those articles much anymore . 
  the only reason you do n't see them much now because it would not bring many clicks . 
  nothing has really changed europe got the shitty muslims while usa and canada has the better ones . 
  the reason for this is so obivous that i do n't think i need to type it out . 
  muslims are quite diverse if you have time check the polls about muslims from region to region they can have very diffrent values . 
   we have not failed muslims . 
  they have failed us , in almost every country . 
  if you want exceptions , be exceptional . 
  the only reason you 're saying this is because of your bias . 
  almost every country has different experience with muslims . 
   but this demanding of concessions that were not granted ( nor requested by ) hindus or buddhists , while offering little of value in return is a scandal . 
  come back when your country hosts millions of buddhists from myanmar for example . 
  wow what a high number that is so let me get this straight out of 3 million only 225 them joined isis certainly this is the proof of turkish muslims being jihadists . 
  what part of `` they committed a lot of war crimes '' you do not understand ? 
  torturing people to death is also not okay but assad regime 's brutal treatment for protesters and pows is a fact yet no one is calling them terrorists . 
  i was just pointing out the hypocrisy . 
  normal = / = okay it just mean it is a common occurrence . 
  you aware there is a brutal war in syria right ? 
  this might come as a suprise to you but murder is pretty darn normal in a war whether by headchopping or shooting . 
  but have you tried ottomans ? 
  * wink wink nudge nudge *, 
  eh i absolutely not support islamists however ahrar al-sham does not blow up bombs across the globe in the name of islam . 
  they only fight in syria sure they committed a lot of war crimes but so did every side in syrian civil war so i do not see what makes them terrorists at least in germany . 
  they are absolutely terrorists from syrian regime standpoint . 
  i mean you can claim their connection with al-qaeda is enough to qualify them as terrorists but we got ypg that 's literally supported by germany and they 're connected to pkk which is recognized as terrorist organization in germany so it sounds kinda hypocritical but meh i do n't care about islamists anyway just annoyed by the favoritism . 
   that is a big claim , any proof ? 
  backed is a strong word basically gulen is very useful asset to usa so they let him do whatever he pleases while offering protection to him . 
  dude that 's just false . 
  gulenists are as secularist as isis is christian . 
  do erdogan also purge secularists ? 
  sorta if you get his attention but gulenists are just as worse as him so could we please stop this gulenists not being real bullshit ? 
  do n't assume stuff if you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  there is a reason why before erdogan gulenists were also purged an arrested while gulen himself ran away from turkey . 
  that number has n't incresed for quite some time why is articles about same thing is posted over and over again ? 
  it creates an illusion of another 10k something people getting purged . 
  ah melih g\u00f6k\u00e7ek is at it again someone just respect his robot and dinosaur so he shuts up . 
  i thought they were eu citizens why would they need to use migration routes ? 
  great now you need to declare erdogan the sultan almighty to become a fucking teacher if it was n't state of emergency i 'm pretty sure you can carry this to the court erdogan is taking advantage of the state of emergency to fill the teachers with akptards . 
  at least the questions are so bizarre that the `` correct '' answer is pretty damn obvious . 
  good these people needs to be pioneers of the new syria if everybody educated leaves for europe syria will never be reborn . 
  lol i do n't know about him but the fact that turkey is this relevant in european politics makes me believe the contrary . 
  like holy shit what is with random european politicians talking about turkey all the time ? 
  not sure why we care in the first place . 
  why do i even own this dlc ... 
  well his great-grandfather was [ ali kemal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ali_kemal ) . 
  we have made the laws so that you show your full face and hair and if people find that unfair , they should try and get the laws changed . 
  until then , they have to abide by the same laws as us . 
  fair enough but that does n't explain your opinion about this subject . 
   they can wear hijab if they want . 
  but when the law says that they ca n't wear anything on their head , then that is just how it is . 
  i did n't imply that the law should be broken i just voiced my opinion that it was a stupid unnecessary law i 'm from turkey and we give permission for women to wear a hijab on the id , passport , driving license etc. . . and it works out fine everybody is happy . 
  it 's not like they remove it outside so identification is no problem . 
  laws should always be questioned `` it is the law period '' is not a good argument . 
  this law 's goal is not to prevent people from freely expressing their religious beliefs but this one unintentionally causes that . 
  should n't technically since you need to cover your hair not ears . 
   no one else can wear something that covers their hair on passport photos . 
  and you did n't thought of allowing everybody to wear whatever they want as long as their face is visible huh ? 
   i 'm tired of special treatment like that . 
  it should never have been allowed in the first place . 
  what 's wrong with special treatment ? 
  you and your family will get sick and die in a car crash if muslim women wear hijabs on the passport picture ? 
  why do you care ? 
  why does it even matter ? 
  is n't that illegal in germany ? 
  take a look at the map at the side . 
  if the country is in it you can post news about it in r/europe . 
  if you read the article you would see that this association is trying to get 33 pkk members who 're being prosecuted in belgium right now to be freed . 
  so he 's not exactly wrong they are support pkk quite openly . 
   there is absolutely no valid reason to ban a kurdistan culture week aside from turkish state pressure . 
  hence why the belgian authorities lost the appeal and the culture week was allowed to happen . 
  also my reason is not valid but somehow a foreign state 's pressure that 's not even mentioned in the article and basically non existent is ?
