  not really istanbul is massive and highly populated . 
  lost of it 's residents are originally from somewhere else it 's impossible to generalize such a broad population . 
   a lot of turkish posters will confirm that istanbul is n't as liberal as many of us used to think ( that 's actually izmir ) , but some people still cling to that idea . 
  depends on how liberal is enough for you istanbul has liberal parts and regressive parts the jump is huge imo . . anyway istanbul is liberal enough for me stuff like this is not common at all . 
   i 'm not saying it 's a common occurence in istanbul , but the fact that it even happens is quite notable . 
  would this kind of thing happen in brutal attack on a woman for wearing shorts happen in rome or in tokyo ? 
  eh if you look hard enough you would probably find a similar event or you might not after all it is a stupid comparison since this is clearly an isolated incident at least this severe version of is because i see women wearing shorts everyday it 's hot as fuck outside they would n't if stuff like this constantly happened . 
   i wonder if it would have happened , say , 20 years ago . 
  would have happened even more . 
  in fact good luck convincing your dad or husband to allow you to wear shorts 20 years ago in the first place . 
  the concept of dressing moderate is not just from islam in turkey it is also part of the culture there are many non religious folk that are not okay with women showing cleavage or wearing shorts or skirts . 
  anyway the the actual problem about this incident is not the criminal since the fucker is already arrested it 's the passengers and the driver who did n't help the poor woman . 
   `` erdogan warriors '' . 
  oh my god the cringe ... 
  i do n't see much difference on the street the big chance is you can wear a hijab in universities and etc which is n't a bad thing imo ... our [ white turks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_turks_and_black_turks ) would praise these hijab bans but they 're the reason why erdogan is so revered by the simple anatolian folk . 
  it is . 
  in pilgrimage of hajj you got ta [ stone the devil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stoning_of_the_devil ) and they even sell the freaking stones with cash that you throw to some pillar . 
  making tobacco illegal is a great way to open up a new massive underground market and fund criminals . 
  man i wish i knew you in real life . 
  you seem like a easy person to make fun of . 
  did n't realize r/europe literally fell to the / pol / level . 
  uk starts the ninja police project . 
  no smyrna has the best girls we ca n't gib her, 
  gib islands . 
  free syrian army and lots of different rebel groups some are islamist . 
  turkey supports most of them . 
  there are no tanks or helicopters in cities though but sure believe whatever you want . 
  [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/combatfootage/comments/5138wm/turkish_tanks_and_fsa_assault_a_village_near/ ), 
  first those police officers were killed after a bomb killed a couple of dozens of kurds that were demonstrating in support of the kurds in kobani , some sources say that they were ready to cross the border even and support the kurds in kobani . 
  i know that the turkish government blame isis for the attack but pkk blame the turkey for the attack and they retaliated by killing the two police officers and ? 
  you just proved the opposite of what you said . 
  by reading this anybody who 's sane would reach to the conclusion that pkk broke the truce by using suruc bombing as an excuse . 
   if two police officers are killed you do n't start a civil war in which probability until now hundreds had died already , you try to isolated the incident to contain the hole situation please take your retarded logic elsewhere . 
  firstly there is no civil war only cleaning operations against pkk terrorists secondly are you seriously saying that we should let pkk execute whoever they want ? 
  they execute 2 police officers publicly claim they did it and when we retaliate we 're the truce breakers ? 
  right ... do you even know what `` truce '' means ? 
   nobody said that here , we 're all pointing out the fact that the current attacks mostly go for kurds except that majority of the land occupied in the operation is from isis so you 're wrong . 
   there were many suspicious activities between isis and erdogans turkey , including weapons deliveries and oil tankers there is barely anything . 
  after the jet crises with russia suddenly thousands of `` evidence '' surfaced that turkey support isis buys oil from them bla bla bla ... and all submitted by rt and sputnik . 
  totally coincidence and all of it stopped suddenly after turkey and russia mended ties . 
  again totally coincidence . 
   self explanatory sorry i 'm dumb i guess i do not understand what you mean . 
  you are correct however that does n't change the fact that we 're fighting isis right now . 
  removing isis also helps us to cut of ypg from reaching afrin as you said so it is 2 birds with one stone . 
  huh ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  2 police officers that were off duty get executed by pkk in their own damn homes . 
  how the hell that 's an made up reason ? 
  how the fuck you manage to claim that turkey broke the truce when they themselves said that they executed the 2 police officers ? 
  you forgot the other variables mate like russia and negations with usa . 
  next time try to get a bit more informed this operation was first submitted in 2013 but usa blocked it then russia declared they will fire on any turkish military force that enters to syria ( jet crisis ) . 
  after 3 years finally we got agreement of the both hence the operation can commence . 
  i really do n't understand you . 
  how are you able to talk so firm when you 're so ignorant about the subject at hand ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/safe_zone_ ( syria ), 
  that map is so outdated that i do n't even know why you 're showing me that . 
  you look at [ this ] ( http://syria.liveuamap.com/en ) . 
  the offense against ypg terrorists is stopped for the last few days we 're fighting isis right now . 
  the new front in al-rai ( the one close to azaz pocket ) is fully agaist isis . 
  also what do you mean by `` kurdish exclave that is getting cut by the turks '' there is fucking isis between them are you saying nobody except ypg can liberate those parts ? 
  we gon na sit for months and wait for ypg to remove isis from our borders ? 
  are you serious ? 
  you think we 're retarded or something ? 
  if you looked to a map just once you would see how stupid you sound right now . 
  there are no kurds in the al-rai front genius . 
   this is a general purge . 
  no way tens of thousands of judges , academics et are all g\u00fclen supporters . 
  some are , many are not . 
  what counts is their opposition to erdo and his gang . 
  untrue it 's theorized that around 5-10 % of turks are gulen supporters and there are at least 2 million people who 're in gulen cemaat globally . 
  nobody is claiming that this is n't a purge what we 're claiming is political opponents are not arrested . 
  erdogan is not taking over the goverment and removing all the opposition i do n't know how the fuck you guys reach to that concussion when after all this time not one big name from erdogan 's political opponents is purged . 
   remember what the goal of erdogan was before the coup exploded in his face ( or was allowed to proceed ) : consolidation of presidential powers . 
  and the purge does n't help him to achieve it one bit ... 
  right now he 's weaker than he was pre-coup . 
  he literally backstepped for the first time since the last 10 years out of fear . 
  he realized how powerless and alone he is thanks to this coup . 
   until he gets them , he will not finish with the purges , which is the perfect excuse for him to remove any institutional barriers for total discretionary control over the affairs of the state without any other influence . 
  except that erdogan does n't have the men to put in place of the gulenists to get total control over the affairs of the state . 
  this was one of the main reasons why erdogan sought the help of gulen in the first place . 
  cemaat organization is not like other islamists they all have high education , they have their while erdogan 's pups are mostly uneducated folk . 
   just install the loyalists in place and crush any internal opposition . 
  anyone who opposes the agenda is `` g\u00fclenist '' . 
  right ... 
  except that there is no instance of someone who 's against erdogan 's presidency system being branded gulenist and arrested or kicked out of their jobs . 
  however it is true that if you publicy give support to the coup attempt you would probably get fired . 
  you guys base all your arguments on the numbers because you do n't know shit about gulen and cemaat . 
  turkey has overwhelming amount of teachers waiting to be hired . 
  every year only a small portion of them manages to get hired by the goverment . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are more than 28k people who 're still in line to become a teacher . 
  do refugees accepted in eu as a currency ? 
  3 million would suffice no ? 
  lol with solutions like those no wonder you guys resort to getting our help . 
  who 's gon na pay for this wall along the aegean sea ? 
  greece ? 
  i 'm sure you can convince the rest of eu to fund your crazy megaproject . 
  you play that dumb american persona well . 
  not that common you 'll see them here and there sometimes . 
  it could be more common in the east however no women in my home village wears it . 
  it is illegal however how do you intend to solve this problem ?
