  we are talking about people who compare him with hitler and literally call him a dictator without fear now they suddenly become pro-akp out of fear ? 
  after years of shitting on him ? 
  how high on propaganda are you think think like this ? 
   erdogan is an egotistical cult leader who has dreams of turning turkey into a dictatorship with him as a head . 
  correct however he 's only a dictator . 
  while gulen is literally salafi islamist cult leader . 
  he 's like a pope of his cult i would take psudo-dictator over actual theocracy . 
   regardless , it 's clear that you 're an erdogan shill , so do n't be surprised if i stop replying to you now . 
  i was waiting for this line . 
  it 's funny that thanks to this line it 's so easy to know who knows what he 's talking about and who does n't . 
  i never voted for erdogan never will and hate him with passion . 
  he 's a traitor and needs to be judged on high court one day when he does n't have immunity anymore . 
  but that does n't mean i 'll support fucking salafi islamists to turn this nation to isis just to remove him . 
  if erdogan did n't turn this nation to theocracy in the last 14 years he probably does n't plan to . 
  lol say whatever you want bro . 
  it 's i who is going to live in this gulenist theocracy you want if the coup succeeded not you . 
  what was his point exactly ? 
  that every citizen has to be willing to give their life for any war their country involved ? 
  that they ca n't have free will to choose sides or not fight at all ? 
  i am saying he did n't do it democratically . 
  i 'm a kemalist and what i was saying is some undemocratic measures can be taken to keep the secularism and democracy in the country intact just as ataturk did . 
  eh ... turkey was very backwards then . 
  we were too proud since ottoman empire was seen as world leader we never accepted that europe has passed us at every angle until the utter defeat at ww1 . 
  ataturk wanted to modernize the country that would naturally take a decade to happen in a few years . 
  hence he had to be a bit radical ... 
  actually we do n't really know what happened between erdogan and gulen . 
  it 's unclear which one betrayed which . 
  i would n't trust erdogan in any circumstance but i do not think he 's planning to pick a bone with secularists any time soon yet which is why he 's doing all this to show us that he 's only out to get gulenists . 
   wait , what ? 
  the purpose of the coup was top stop turkey becoming a theocracy under erdogan . 
  similar in purpose to all military coups in turkey since the 1960 's . 
  and there is why you have no idea what you 're talking about the coup was a gulenist coup we tought it was like that at first as well but nope it 's now confirmed that it was in fact done by gulenists . 
   do n't tell me you 're actually buying erdogan 's post-coup propaganda ? 
  anti-government newspapers and chp , hdp , mhp is doing pro erdogan propaganda now ? 
  and why is erdogan arresting gulenists instead of those secularists who made this coup to stop this `` theocracy under erdogan '' is he that retarded ? 
  gulen is an islamic cult leader who have dreams of turning turkey to theocracy with him as a head . 
  maybe erdogan has same ideas as well but at least he tries to play by the book ... 
  i do n't even know what you 're talking about right now . 
  you seem to having trouble understanding my points so i 'll spell it out for you . 
  and . 
  not . 
  support . 
  or agree . 
  with . 
  him . 
  got it ? 
  why are listing me his crimes ? 
  i already believe he 's a traitor we 're talking about gulenist coup here . 
  i would take authoritative anti-democratic erdogan over salafi cult leader gulen . 
  nothing is worse than an islamic government . 
  just google gulen bro and read about him all your questions will be answered . 
  you 'll understand why we know who 's gulenist and who 's not . 
  it 's not because `` we know '' . 
  gulenism was not something perceived as wrong years ago . 
  people and institutions were open about it . 
  my point is this is an understandable action and not an agression against usa . 
   but full disclosure , i really wish that coup had succeeded . 
  why do you want turkey to become a theocracy ? 
  maybe ... our forefather ataturk did n't bring secularism and democracy to this country with democratic means . 
  do n't change the subject . 
  does it warrant an investigation or not ? 
  you ca n't throw erdogan in to everything make it sound wrong . 
  it 's true that gulen and erdogan together purged secularists out of military with fake evidence but now their positions is given back to them and erdogan seems to looking for new allies against gulenists and he chosen the secularists . 
  i wo n't deny it yeah . 
  it 's kinda hard to side with these people when the supported arrests of our proud kemalist officers by gulen an erdogan with fabricated evidence . 
  one of them once said `` all the wives of sledgehammer wives are blonde and open it 's hard to differentiated who is wife of who but now they 're wearing t-shirts with their husbands pictures so it makes it bit more easier '' . 
  context = https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sledgehammer_ ( coup_plan ), 
   everybody ? 
  `` everybody '' in this case means i mean literally everybody . 
  chp , hdp , mhp all parties , all anti-goverment newspapers s\u00f6zc\u00fc and h\u00fcrriyet etc. . .  this is now on # 10 in / r/worldnews : written by [ mahir zeynalov ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mahir_zeynalov ) ... now lets see what wikipedia page is saying . 
   is a correspondent for the today 's zaman daily oh look he 's a correspondent on the main gulenist mouthpiece that was seized by the government . 
  totally an independent reporter ...  says who ? 
  you and other turks apologizing for erdogan ? 
  logical thinking ? 
  what kind of secularist coup does not rally secular population in turkey ? 
  what kind of pro-democracy coup literally bombs the country 's national assembly ? 
  what kind of secular coup does not get support from secular pro-democracy institutions and parties in turkey ? 
   because erdogan can call any secularist anything he likes . 
  or do you think those lists with tens of thousands of dissidents and political opponents he 's currently purging and eliminating were are carefully investigated and meticulously researched after the coup attempt ? 
  dude we know who 's gulenist and who 's not it 's no secret which organizations are gulenist or which newspapers are . 
  if any secularist got arrested we would have known but it 's all gulenists . 
  erdogan and gulen used to be buddies they put all those gulenist officers to positions together . 
  he does n't even needs to investigate he already have lists ready years ago . 
  your sources are about soldiers not generals soldiers are beaten as a punishment and released . 
  they 're not expected to know anything . 
  the generals are not beaten ...  as opposed to the glorious proto-islamist dictatorship ruling now , which is slowly but surely eating away at secularist rules and traditions , the free press , freedom of expression , academia and the judiciary ? 
  yes ... you think erdogan is bad ? 
  you do n't know gulen erdogan at least tries to play by the book . 
  this is n't about which one is better it 's about which one is worse . 
  gulen is a leader in a cult . 
  he 's literally pope of his own islamic cult and think of this guy being the president of your country . 
   of course , if history provides a blueprint for this sort of behaviour you 're displaying , you 'll be dismissing all evidence except from the purged and scripted turkish `` media '' i do n't remember the last time i read or watched an pro-erdogan media . 
   brush aside newspapers , news channels , magazines , independent journalists and documentary makers from  50 countries as `` heavily biased '' in your escalating delusional dictator-worshiping zealotry . 
  yet all your sources are from guardian lol ... 
  i am following western media for years and they always get lots of stuff wrong . 
  here 's a list of [ news media in turkey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_turkey ) you see s\u00f6zc\u00fc and h\u00fcrriyet ? 
  if those two say it 's gulen you can bet your ass it is him . 
  they write nothing but anti-erdogan stuff yet for the first time they agree with him . 
  just look at [ this ] ( http://www.umutoran.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/s%c3%b6zc%c3%bc.jpg ) s\u00f6zc\u00fc comparing erdogan literally with hitler or sarcastically declaring [ him sultan ] ( http://img6.mynet.com/ha8/gazeteler/images/sozcu-gazetesi/14082014/sozcu-gazetesi-manset-14082014-middle.jpg?t=14082014 ) do you honestly believe these people who wrote these papers would change sides in whim ? 
   there is plenty of reason to believe that erdogan eagerly exploited if not allowed portions of this coup to occur precisely because it could be thusly exploited .
