  politics . 
  why do you think muslims countries deny holocoust ? 
  it 's not like they 're the ones who did the genocide yet they do why ? 
  simple because they hate israel . 
  they do n't have any interest in history it 's just a form of way to denounce israel . 
  armenian genocide is entirely different matter . 
  turkey is directly linked to that event and the government denies it because it always denied it . 
  recognizing it would basically be a political suicide so nobody will even bother if it does n't help turkey in a significant way . 
  terrorists gon na be terrorists ... 
   treating women as humans actually they treat women as fodder soldiers . 
  there is n't a single female leader in kck only soldiers just as how al-qaeda uses women as suicide bombers but you 're correct about beliefs . 
  turkey does if you can count us muslim ofc ... 
   we will uphold our end of the bargain , turkey wo n't . 
  what a fucking bullshit you guys are the ones that did n't uphold their end of the bargain get off your fucking high horse . 
  when does our 3 billion your guys promised comes exactly ? 
  lol you wish . 
  no way we 're taking anybody back . 
  how it does n't exactly ? 
  he claims that turkish cypriots were n't being murdered until the turkey 's intervention yet they were which is what he pointed out . 
   yeah , so simple solution , do n't genocide 1m people , impose them higher taxes for being christians , and send settlers , then no one has to be worried about anything ... what the hell are you talking about here ? 
  are you saying it 's was okay to kill millions of turkish civilians and burn down hundreds of mosques because the ottoman empire imposed high taxes ? 
  you 're completely sick in mind if you think [ these people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) deserved anything . 
   no it 's not . 
  eoka-b did terrible things . 
  i 'm just sick to my stomach of how brainwashed turks ( from turkey ) are . 
  furthermore , to use your arguments against you , what happened in 1974 has nothing to do with what 's happening now , so why don ' you remove your illegal military , your illegal settlers , and let us live in peace . 
  this is not 1974 anymore , things have changed , people want to get along and want to financially benefit . 
  strawman argument . 
  where did i said that i supported the illegal military and the illegal settlers being in cyprus ? 
  you 're absolutely right the things has changes and we should have left years ago but sadly i 'm not the prime minister and our government has no intention of leaving until the island agrees to unify . 
   turkish nationalists encouraged turkish cypriots to separate themselves from greek cypriots , and the british government 's policy of divide and conquer pit them against each other . 
  before this , there were no issues between the majority greek , minority turkish populations . 
  you talk like greece was n't trying to annex the island and encouraged the greeks to kick out the turks from the island . 
   plus , turkey were eyeing the island up from the 1950 's . 
  you never abandoned cyprus ambitions . 
  so was greece the 1974 cypriot coup d'\u00e9tat did n't happen all by itself . 
   what turks did during the 20 's to greeks was still fresh in everyone 's minds . 
  and what happened to turks that used to live in greece before the greek war of independence was also fresh in their minds you think the turkish cypriots were not scared ? 
  you think thousands of them left their homes because there was nothing wrong ? 
   you think greek-cypriots were not scared that turkey was going to take all of cyprus ? 
  they were n't scared of anything when they were rounding up turks and massacring them . 
  your logic is ridiculously one sided ... 
  yes ofc because something that 's happened in 1915 is totally relevant with cyprus events . 
  your credibility is really on the floors and note that the same can be said for the greek millitary . 
   because the invaders did n't massacre women and children ? 
  whataboutism ... we 're not denying the civilian deaths that 's caused by turkish intervention it 's that greek guy at top that 's denying stuff . 
   also if you want to follow the chain of causation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom yes because that was committed by turkish army with the government as sponsor right ? 
  this kind of stuff was happening to turkish cypriots daily . 
  `` after the events , 3,151 people were immediately arrested , the number of arrested later rose to 5,104 . 
  on 7 september , the menderes government closed the `` cyprus is turkish '' association ( cta ) and arrested its executives . 
  34 trade unions were dissolved . 
  the minister of internal affairs nam\u0131k gedik resigned on september 10 . '', 
   which followed : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide did you confuse the dates or something or are you so ignorant about what you 're talking about that you feel the need to send random stuff the turkey did that includes greeks ? 
   they were not cleansing the turks as you imply . 
  those murders happened after the invasion . 
  biggest lie of the century everybody who is even remotely researched cyprus knows that there was a ethnic conflict there before turkey 's intervention . 
  entire turkish villages were burned down while people living in it . 
  bloody christmas was just one of the them more than 16.000 turkish cypriots had to run away from their homes to save their lives yet you claim everything was okay before turkey 's intervention ? 
  just laughable ... 
  oh wow it seems like netherlands is very close to using the erdogan solution and just outright ban twitter until the things calm down . 
  hey now in turkey a tv spot was never cancelled for a reason like this and although homophobia is strong here we also have openly gay and trans celebrities here like b\u00fclent ersoy . 
   and what region does he want to use ? 
  the region where the kurds live . 
  i wonder what would happen what ? 
  that 's complately false the proposed region of the safe zone is [ here ] ( https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2015/07/2300syria-isis-7-27-15.jpg&amp;w=1484 ) while kurds live in [ these regions ] ( http://www.rigzone.com/images/news/kurdistan_region.jpg )  apparently they already profit from it with blackmailing the eu for a visa program . 
  and is it our neighbor ?? 
  visa exemptionis would only help erdogan for votes in elections he wo n't make much profit from that . 
   i wrote before that there are more players in the field . 
  turkey and the us managed it nicely to drag the eu in to it . . thanks a lot / s nobody put a gun to your head and made you get in . 
  you did it in your own account you can only blame yourselves if you think it was a mistake to get involved with syria . 
   as if it would stay at 3 billion $ . 
  i guess that would go still directly in to financing rebels in that area . 
  the visa program you can \u00b4 t weight in money ... eu is hardly agreeing to bay the 3 billion they wo n't give more that easily if there wo n't be any significant results . 
   it is benefiting turkey . 
  it \u00b4 s not like turkey asked europes help because you can \u00b4 t scope with refugees ??!, 
  we can but we have no reason to stop ungrateful refugees who want to go to europe if eu does n't want to help us . 
   you just let smugglers do whatever they want and opened the borders . 
  and then offer your help with demands for a visa program , money and political support . 
  i call that a classic blackmailing situation . 
  we 're not obligated to protect eu 's borders we 're not your gatekeepers . 
  learn to protect your own borders and national waters if you claim to be a sovereign nation . 
  smuggling will happen no matter what we do because it allows anybody with a shitty boat to become rich . 
  you arrest one and another one will take his place it 's unwinnable battle ... 
   how about he cares about his own border preventing masses of refugees to come to europe . 
  he does erdogan wants to create a buffer zone in syria to put the refugees there but usa does n't agree with that plan . 
   at some point you can get the feeling they let all these people intentionally cross the border to get money from the eu . 
  you 're delusional if you 're serious with that accusation the amount of money eu offered to turkey is n't even close to half of the money turkey spent to house refugees . 
  turkey wo n't get any profit from doing this ...  syria is turkeys neighbor so they should handle the outcome of there own power play against assad . 
  do n't act like turkey is the only one that 's trying to topple assad eu and usa are in the same bandwagon as well . 
   europe should not finance erdogans fantasy claims to great power status in this region . 
  period . 
  with the money eu offered you ca n't even house 2 million refugees for a year how the fuck such a small amount of cash would help erdogan 's fantasies to become reality ? 
  not everything is a conspiracy we all know you guys are having problems with refugees so we 're giving you a solution that 'll benefit us both it 's simple as that . 
  because pkk is active in europe as well and turkey is europe 's neighbor so what happens there affects europe in some extend . 
   `` disappointed immigrants '' ftfy ... actual refugees would n't say that also the guy literally admitted he 's from iran how is he allowed to get a refugee status in europe ? 
  there is no war in iran ... 
   the `` peshmerga '' are n't a unified group i had the impression of peshmarga being the unified army of iraqi kurdistan . 
  erdogan stop using bots . 
  yeah they probably do . 
  there is shit load of money in smuggling business there always will be people willing to risk their whole career for that kind of money .
