   you hold barely any territory in europe how much land we hold in continent of europe is irrelevant . 
  cyprus is % 100 asia and no one will act like it is not european also % 20 of the country 's population lives in european side so how small the size compared to the rest of the nation is again irrelevant . 
   your capital is n't in europe . 
  lol like that even matters . 
  as if you would accept turkey in to europe if the capital was istanbul . 
   why even bother to pretend to be european ? 
  be proud of what you are . 
  i wo n't deny who i am simply to fit to your worldview . 
  is it that hard to understand that turkey is a eurasian country ? 
  that has both asian and european parts and roots ? 
  our history is linked with europe and it 'll continue to be that way deny it all you want we 'll be always relevant in europe good or bad like any other european nation . 
  lol here comes the butthurt muh european continent guy . 
  look at the tree on the side turkey is it which means posts from turkey is allowed . 
  if you 're displeased i suggest you to create your own sub something like r/realeurope and hang out there . 
   nor are any politicians even the most extreme right-wing demanding any more land . 
  looks like you 're a bit out of touch with politics of your own country . 
  golden dawn managed to get like around 15 something mps in to your parliment and they are pretty vocal about `` taking back '' istanbul and izmir . 
   in turkey it is near-universal to youth that they believe they want more greek land , and that is a not a good sign for the future . 
  look at that idiot ashihna in this thread who is openly admitting that turkey should invade cyprus and take it all and even thinking that other nations would be afraid to intervene because `` turkiye stronk '' . 
  did you just really generalize the entire turkish youth over a turkish redditor ? 
  dude what kind of news are you reading ? 
  turkish youth does n't even care enough to know that greece is our neighbor . 
  you 're literally less relevant to us than say tajikistan . 
  hell last time i heard anything greece ignoring erdogan 's remarks was in history class and erdogan talked about greece to shit on ataturk and kemalists not because he wants greek land . 
   or it could simply mean any variation of : act dumb all you want . 
  it does n't take a genius to see that it is a clear attempt to glorify the massacres . 
  there is a thing called context . 
  this comment was n't under a article about cyprus it was under a picture of dead turkish cypriots . 
  what you doing is like claiming the guy who wrote allahu akbar under a picture of dead christians was praying for their soul . 
   you 're being supportive of operation ring , the maraga massacre , and the baku , sumgait , kirovabad pogroms and the ethnic cleansing of armenians in azerbaijan in general ? 
  i have never seen an upvoted comment supportive of any of the things you have listed in r/turkey . 
  can you post an example ? 
  just because our people also have blood in their hands does n't mean we ca n't feel bad and talk about the atrocities committed against our people . 
  this is why i said you to look at the mirror you 're so one sided . 
   that 's not even getting into the fact that i do n't agree with what he 's saying anyway . 
  he might think the way you 'd presume he does anyway ofc you do otherwise you would n't have made comments like this . 
  thank you for at least being honest ...  and i think what he said is mightily unconstructive if this were a normal thread , but all things considered it fits in pretty well with the mountain-load of melodramatic self-pitying jingoism that the / r/turkey brigade brought in . 
  and you 're doing the same thing once again using all those buzzwords and sarcasm while the message behind all that rubble is just shit . 
  also if you gon na make an accusation bring evidence . 
  this is not the first time i 'm talking to you and you always bring this mythical r/turkey brigade that does n't exist . 
  we all browse r/europe and saw this on our own account . 
   it 's best not to post a thread in / r/europe promoting your narrative of past events there is no narrative pushing in the post . 
  every time when it is anniversary of some atrocity concerning europe a picture or information about it is posted . 
  the only difference this time was the victims were turks and you people have difficulty seeing them as victims . 
  was it agenda pushing when people posted pictures of armenian genocide on it 's anniversary ? 
  like come on buddy i know you already admitted that turkish deaths means nothing to you but at least realize the the logical fallacies in your comments . 
   and then proceeding to shit it up with a dozen comments about how everyone hates you , how hateful europeans are , how glorious turkiy\u00eb 's ethnic cleansing was etc. 
  if you do that you 're going to receive crude comments of the same level in turn and you 'll be deserving of them . 
  try sorting the comment section it is the literal second oldest comment on the entire thread . 
  yeah man we 're the ones who started this it is always us but do n't mind me i just have a victim complex . 
   i 'd advise you to take that comment and save it for the next time you guys on / r/turkey have a thread moaning about pkk terrorism , ` armenian terrorism ' , ` armenian fascists ' or ` armenian whining ' , a megathread about ` persecution of ottoman muslims ' or whatever . 
  i swear dude you really seem to be obsessed with r/turkey and armenians are you alright ? 
  ca n't you make your point across without talking about armenains ? 
  we were talking about an comment in here and you wrote an entire rant about r/turkey . 
  `` no u '' is not a good argument especially after when you literally instigated a coup to annex the island when all our politicians do is just circlejerk . 
  maybe if that comment was under some article i would have agreed but context is everything it does n't take a genius to see that under a picture of dead bodies it clearly glorifies what 's happening in it . 
  not really no goverment was installed by turkish goverment on cpyrus they elect and govern themselves in fact many policies of the current goverment of northern cyprus fully clash with ours . 
  they are only dependent on turkey because nobody recognize them it is out of necessity not force . 
   maybe greece could get the island back too . 
  and this is why the army is still there . 
  i feel bad for the cypriots even people who 're supposedly at `` their side '' do not recognize their independence or self-rule . 
  it 's just a piece island to add to the collection for greece . 
   there 's a guy justifying and glorifying the armenian genocide here right now . 
  ` cyprus will never be turkish ' seems like an attempt at a genuine dialogue in comparison with all this self-pitying and jingoism . 
  dude it is literally under a picture of dead bodies . 
  `` cyprus will never be turkish '' please tell me what that implies huh ? 
  if it is not glorifying the massacres i do n't know what is but fuck that !, 
  look at that guy who denies the armenian genocide which is not even relevant even if he 's downvoted to hell which means is opinion is unpopular i am sure it is a lot more important than the most upvoted comment that glorifies murder . 
  i swear do you guys ever look at the mirror ? 
  just do it once ... trust me a self evaluation will always make you a better person . 
  oh and using bunch of buzzwords and sarcasm really does n't make you look any smart when the actual message behind your comment is worthless . 
  yeah man i 'm sure 40 years of self governing is same with an oppressive islamic goverment and a puppet goverment that 's recently installed . 
  you can deny it all you want . 
  half of cyprus is independent from the current cypriot goverment and that 's a fact . 
  your or my opinion about whether it is a country or not does n't change that . 
  yes . 
  just to make sure i am not misunderstood facebook , twitter , youtube and whatsapp are not blocked right now however basically whenever some incident happens like the recent assassination all will be blocked for a day to prevent the spread of information . 
  for some reason they do n't even fully block them they just reeaaaally slow the connection to those sites down . 
  are they trying to give the impression that it is not intentional ? 
  i do n't know ... 
  yes ofc . 
  in fact i would go so far and say that recent assassination of ambassador is because of akp 's media . 
  http://www.anfenglish.com/features/erdogan-has-officially-started-a-civil-war an article that is basically trying to get people to fight turkish goverment based on some cherry picked quotes . 
  dude please just go and look at the site you 're defending like come on i 'm not even joking ... 
  it is not a quote i read the tak 's statement before posting that . 
  maybe you should check stuff out like i do before commeting huh ? 
  i swear i think you 're either trolling or have some agenda . 
  even if you randomly pick an anf article you 'll find statements like this . 
  like come on dude they do n't even hide it themselves ... 
  https://anfenglish.com/news/tak-claims-responsibility-for-the-recent-istanbul-and-kayseri-bombings  according to the statement , the action of self-sacrifice that targeted kayseri mountain commando brigade soldiers at 08:30 on december 17 was carried out by their militant \u00c7ekdar xebat in the name of martyr \u015eervan-andok vengeance team . 
  it took me two seconds to find this . 
  i am sure you would be fine with it if i described the christmas market attack in germany an act of self-sacrifice . 
  certainly not supporting terrorism not at all nope ... or how about this one ? 
  https://anfenglish.com/news/13-soldiers-killed-and-55-others-wounded-in-kayseri-update  the commandos targeted in the action are reported to be serving at kayseri 1st commando brigade and to have participated in the genocidal operations carried out in northern kurdistan during the past one year . 
  wow great journalism you got there ... 
  anf is pkk mouthpiece though calling them journalists is basically insult to journalism . 
  go read some of their articles they are literally calling terrorists martyrs and encourage lone wolf attacks . 
  it is good that reddit is not popular in turkey . 
  i do n't want it entering the goverment 's block list like facebook , twitter , youtube and whatsapp . 
  so when are they leaving ?
