   [ \u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8\u04d8 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41j03a/names_of_european_countries_in_turkish/cz2w4ow ) totally not childish . 
  that does n't make remotely any sense why would turkey demand aid her internal matters ? 
  if you gon na criticize turkey at least make sure it makes sense in context . 
  blackmail or not we have no reason to house unwilling refugees without some kind of compensation from eu . 
  this is no joke or a small matter depending on eu 's stance on this the refugees in eu can literally triple . 
  found the european trump . 
  do that then and see how good it works . 
  aegean sea is n't the only smuggling route whatever you do refugees will manage to reach to europe in someway and we wo n't take them back when they do with that attitude . 
  lol refugees would suck erdogan 's dick . 
   why the hell is that common sense ? 
  because they want to go europe but we 're holding them . 
  if we 're not going to get the money we were promised why the hell would we keep preventing them from going ? 
  only around % 20 of refugees are in the camps the rest are trying to make enough money so they can pay to smugglers to carry them to europe . 
  sure % 99 of them are islamist but not all of them are jihadists that out there to kill all non-muslims or `` fake '' muslims like isis . 
  you got ta side with lesser evil if you gon na take a side . 
  bombing all of them equally is n't an solution . 
   that 's what the $ 3bn is for . 
  at least it 'll give turkey the resources to host them and boost their coastguard to stop them from crossing into europe . 
  $ 3bn does n't even cover the expenses of refugees for a whole year . 
  turkey already spent more than $ 10bn on refugees . 
  if eu backs down on their word even with such a small amount davutoglu would seriously release them all to the eu . 
  which is why davutoglu is making remarks like this . 
  like this ... 
  do n't mind him it 's understandable turkish . 
  there is nothing wrong with first sentence but in second sentence you used wrong tenses . 
   why should a majority muslim country that has 97 % because in that % 3 area more than 15 million people live . 
  anyway i do n't normally claim turkey being a european country but when the trio i mentioned plus cyprus gets counted as one i find not counting turkey kinda stupid . 
  lol like we ever getting in to the eu . 
  if we ever do half of the eu 's population would die from butthurt . 
  so do we but god forbid calling turkey a european country is a like a crime in europe . 
  well this map seems to be biased about that too . 
  armenia , azerbaijan and georgia generally not counted part of europe and that small part of kazakhstan is europe as well . 
  do n't make me [ angry ] ( http://www.joesdump.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/herbert_h_turkey_guns.jpg ) . 
   european turkey please tell me this is joke . 
  well turks mostly just swear in turkish on mic instead of giving instructions or trying to communicate . 
  russians on the other hand actually trying to communicate using russian for some reason ... 
  this explains why i hear so much russian in online games . 
  there is no way this is true . 
  every country has people that believes in god young or old ... 
  vlad was insane it was n't just turks that he enjoyed torturing and he was very feared by his subjects as well for example there is a story of vlad putting a golden cup in the middle of his town and telling the townsmen that if anyone steals it they 'll be punished and the cup stays there for years since everybody is too scared to even touch it despite it being extremely easy to steal it without anyone seeing . 
   the article does n't say anything about what rights have been given to the kurdish population , it only talks about pkk . 
  the turkish one has a list of everything as i said the wikipedia page is incomplete but from the top of my head : kurds got their own offical tv channel trt kurdi , they got kurdish lessons in state schools , universities and private schools that give kurdish education also got increased . 
  there are probably more but i really ca n't be bothered the check the whole timeline and make a list it 's 2am here . 
   no one is stupid enought to dissarm his forces . 
  do n't disarm them then just send them to syria where the real fight is . 
   speaking of democracy , the threshold in turkey is very high at 10 which is clearly undemocratic . 
  i agree every single party except akp wants to lower it and i am pretty sure it 'll we lowered till the next election . 
  hdp already passed the threshold they 're safe for 4 years but since the obviously support pkk they 'll get themselves banned again for their idiocy . 
  all the previous kurdish parties made the same mistake they talk about peace and shit at fist but they quickly turn to violence when they ca n't reach to an proper agreement . 
   there will be no political or social rights for kurds without pkk.no one is gon na force you to accept something that you do n't want if they do n't have the power to inflict damage to you . 
  why ? 
  it 's not like kurds getting rights affect us in anyway . 
  we 're not oppresors anymore we just want peace but kurds do n't tell us what they exactly want properly all they say is `` we want autonomy so we can do what we want ourselves if you do n't give us that pkk will keep killing . '', 
  give us a proper argument why you want autonomy ? 
  is there something you ca n't get without autonomy ? 
  i ca n't see a single right i have over the kurds what makes us unequal ? 
  tell us !, 
  we want to learn what the fuck the problem is . 
  racism can be handled every country did we can do it as well . 
  you want education in your own language ? 
  fine that can be arranged chp is already not against it and the rest would come around if pkk agrees to cease terrorism . 
  segregating each-other with autonomy si n't a solution it 's the last destination of the problem . 
   alright , gim me an official source on this `` solution '' and what rights it has given to the kurds . 
  i mean there is a wikipedia page but it 's very much incomplete these are internal matters of turkey so the rest of the world does n't really bother with details so english sources are hard to find but here it is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solution_process  it is something that the kurds apparently want though and are willing to fight for it.so maybe if you care about the families of the policemen you should give them the autonomy they want and deserve.if not , their blood is on your hands too . 
  that 's what hdp is for if kurds really want it get it on the parliament we 're not barbarians we wo n't object to something that 's democratically discussed and accepted but pkk has to go for those to happen . 
  hdp played their cards terribly if they just denounced pkk and pursued more political and social rights for kurds themselves everything would have been alright now . 
  the sources the article gives are at least 6 years old . 
  the solution process started in 2009 obviously these stuff was new back then . 
  it 's been 7 years since then the stuff got expended . 
  it 's true that you ca n't get your entire education in kurdish in state schools but that 's not something i claimed . 
  now there are several universities and private schools that give education in full kurdish and you can get kurdish language lessons in state schools . 
  if you can read turkish here is a source of the kurdish language lessons in state schools starting at 2012 : http://www.sabah.com.tr/egitim/2012/10/03/kurtce-secmeli-ders-egitimi-basladi, 
   lol , no one cares if their existence is recognized verbally.the imporant thing for them is to be recognized politically and have their rights protected . 
  their rights is already protected . 
  you can literally get jailed for using a racial slur on kurds if you have the money for a lawyer ofc and verbally recognizing something in your speeches is political recognition like if you call armenian genocide a genocide formally you politically recognize this event . 
   there 's no reason why 50 million turks are able to learn their language at school while at the same time that right is denied to 20 million citizens of turkey . 
  i think you have n't read what i wrote . 
  kurdish langauge lesson is already given to the kurds what i say is n't human right is having your entire education in kurdish . 
   alright , gim me the source . 
  i do n't really know what can i give you as a source the government verbally recognizes kurds all the time . 
  in turkish citizenship ids there is no ethnicity box . 
  i can give you hundreds of videos of erdogan calling kurds . 
  `` do\u011fudaki k\u00fcrt karde\u015flerim '' which means my kurdish brothers in east . 
  calling kurds mountain turks is a very very outdated thing . 
   but surely even you understand the difference?the middle eastern people in germany are of hundreds nationalities and all of them are immigrants.meanwhile kurds are natives in the lands they live in . 
  irrelevant it does n't matter how long you lived somewhere it 's still not a human right you ca n't use that argument . 
   self-determination and being able to learn your native language at school are basic human rights . 
  there are already kurdish lessons for kurds what we 're talking about it taking all lessons in kurdish like history , math etc. . .  pkk can claim that they target turkish soldiers/policemen and civilian deaths are collateral damage . 
  that they purposefully disguise themselves as civilians is easy to understand even if you 're not a military genius . 
  pkk targeted numerous hospitals and schools those are not where soldiers and policemen reside in so they clearly target civilians as well . 
  my point was that even thought it pains me to try to justify it accidental killings happen because of the disguises . 
  there is really nothing turkish government can do about it . 
  the curfew helps but sometimes civilians have to leave their homes in the middle of curfew which leads them to getting shot down by snipers . 
  there was a very sad story of a baby getting injured and the ambulance not being able to reach their home because of pkk 's trenches so the civilians had to take the baby to ambulance on foot but got caught in the crossfire . 
   according to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minorities_in_turkey kurds are n't recognized as a minority outdated kurds are officially recognized for more than 10 years in fact whoever wrote that they did n't put a single citation for that claim . 
  the alevis are not recognized though which is a shame . 
   no , cause those are not universal human rights.being able to learn your native language at school though is . 
  nope getting education is human right having education in your own language is n't . 
  there are 2 million turks in germany are you saying those people can demand to have their education in turkish ?
