  i ran out of popcorn ages ago ... 
   he was an agent of a foreign secret service . 
  you are free to contact the judge in this case  . 
  and you 're basing that on the supposed evidence illegally ( i guess legally in free france ) collected by the secret service . 
  nice loop you got there ...  oh i 'm sure you 're doing much better on terrorism than us . 
  right ? 
  we do n't but you 're the only one praising your sorry `` professionals '' and nobody ever sent us reports about known terrorists unlike a certain country that literally gave you full names . 
  they tortured people . 
  once democracy started again , there was no more torture , right ? 
   any tragic event after the coup goverment in the diyarbak\u0131r prison was carried to european court of human rights and we abided to your courts decision . 
  unlike you we know when we 're wrong . 
   darn what a beautiful democratic country you 've got . 
  again you 're the only one who 's saying that . 
  seriously how old are you ? 
  this is n't a piss contest how hard it is you to understand that even i have higher expectations of france but after seeing their actions i am rightly disappointed ? 
  nobody is saying that turkey is not a fucking mess . 
  all i 'm saying is harboring terrorist is wrong . 
  i do n't care how high you 're on nationalism when your country is at wrong you need to accept it . 
  i swear i do n't even know why i 'm still taking you seriously ...  i 'm amazed you can use reddit . 
  probably by vpn  lol vpn is n't even needed just using google dns is enough to bypass all blocks which everyone in turkey already knows . 
  last time any blocks affected me was when they tried to ban google dns and i just switched to open dns . 
  reddit is not subject to any blocks btw ... , 
   maybe you do n't understand because you live in a 3rd world countrystan where ambassadors get killed at museums , but lem me explain it to you slowly . 
  starting with insults and you expect to be taken seriously . 
  how old are you again ? 
  unlike you i am able to see the wrongdoings of my country . 
   in france , phone recordings are made by the secret services . 
  and the secret services do not release recordings on the internet . 
  ooo you use those buzzwords look at you . 
  so you just admitted that your secret service spied on a man 's private phone conversions prior before he committed any crime . 
  what a nice free country you got there erdogan would be proud . 
  i see why you still have state of emergency now ...  because they 're professionals . 
  you should learn a thing or two about a professional secret service and a professional justice system . 
  not the kangaroo courts you have over there . 
  ooo professionals yes yes indeed professionals who ca n't even catch terrorists [ when we literally gave their names ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-warned-france-on-paris-attack-suspect-official-------------------.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=91206&amp;newscatid=351 ) . 
  the professionals who let 130 people die because of their incompetence . 
   once you tortured your prisoners you can no longer claim you are carrying out justice . 
  again , i do n't blame you , your country is a joke . 
  i do n't blame you for not understanding english properly after all you 're french but i guess you missed the part where it was a coup goverment that was installed by cia right ? 
   yes , but once the members can no longer judged fairly in their country , they can ask for asylum and that asylum can be given . 
  except that she had a red notice from interpol and she was the leader of european branch of pkk you did n't just give her asylum you let her recruit , fund terrorism in turkey from europe . 
  i do n't care about extradition french jail was enough as long as she stopped her operations we would have been fine but no your courts let her go in 40 days and she resumed killing our citizens with her actions . 
   google translate . 
  and it 's evidence for the court buddy . 
  maybe you should google how a proper justice system works because living in turkey has skewed your opinion . 
  if you do n't have anything to show do n't expect to be taken seriously . 
  a recording of 2 mit agents and the accused happened to exist yet it is not on the internet ? 
  how convenient ... did french agents follow him and recorded all his conversations ? 
  illegally listened to his phone ? 
  and there was apparently a project to bail him out by mit ? 
  how did they learn this ? 
  did france spy on mit ? 
  if you believe all these stuff without a single shred of evidence might as well believe that mit killed him with brain power to shut him up too . 
  oh and now that he 's dead and his trial wo n't happen we 'll never hear of this supposed evidence how convenient ... oh and my understanding of proper justice system is not harboring terrorists . 
  unlike you i have the gall to criticize my country for doing that . 
  your courts must be great indeed for letting a known co-founder of a terrorist organization walk free . 
  i thought france was part of eu you know the union that also formally sees [ pkk as a terrorist organization ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:32016d1136&amp;qid=1474969819578&amp;from=en ) . 
  great justice system you got there pal pakistan would be proud . 
   did turkey torture her ? 
  she was jailed in diyarbakir prison so guess yourself ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diyarbak%c4%b1r_prison, 
  triggered, 
  well that sucks you can bet that he 's not in germany anymore, 
   the guy had numerous made numerous visits to turkey and there was a voice recording between him and two agents of mit . 
  also there was a project to help him escape with the help of an mit agent . 
  post the recording not an article that i ca n't even read and him making trips to turkey does n't mean shit many european turks have families in turkey or they like spent their holidays back home as well . 
   once you start torturing the accused , you any right to claim you are better . 
  i did n't claim such thing . 
  she 's the co-founder of original pkk you know the one who called the genocide of the turks , blew up bombs everyday . 
  today 's pkk is different they try to hold positive public image these days . 
  back in the day when internet was not a big thing they were brutal try reading a bit if you 're interested . 
  isis would look like puppies near the original pkk . 
  calling her a activist is both stupid and factually wrong and do n't blame us for the coup governments actions that we did n't vote for . 
  1980 coup was brutal they oppressed everyone torture and execution of political prisoners were common . 
  we all suffered from it not just kurds . 
  simple they are being funded by russia . 
  nice conspiracy theory . 
  the guy died from a brain ilness as far as i know mit does not have the power to fuck up someone 's brain . 
  he was most likely some grey wolf or a lone wolf who 's dissatisfied how france was harboring literal founders of pkk not even just militants . 
  also since when being a co-founder of a terrorist organization makes you an activist ? 
  might as well call baghdadi a muslim activist then . 
  i see i see but it is now your bedtime . 
  lol you 're that kid who were n't even able to respond to my comment . 
  poor poor you ... 
  well there is not much ramadan celebration though ... you just fast and your lessons will most likely be over before you eat . 
  european media 's propaganda campaign on turkey is at it again . 
  dutch and german media is worst offenders unsurprisingly ... 
  the damage is already done it was spread on facebook in all christian groups nobody gon na see these `` fixes '' . 
  wtf we had an assassination today and now this ? 
  fuck this day !, 
  he 's shot dead but he claimed the life of the ambassador ... 
  fuck the guy who did this . 
  i am so not looking forward the shitstorm this will cause . 
  lol look at this history illiterate . 
  janniseries and devsirme was abolished years before your sorry balkan league and devsirme was long dead even before that because janniseries were going out of control and sultan did n't want it to get any bigger . 
   turkey bought oil from isis no it did n't all allegations were debunked even cia formally declared that they did n't believe the allegations but ofc since you heard the part you want the rest is irrelevant . 
   gave the refuge and treated them in turkish hospitals . 
  any injured person have right to get medical help . 
  isis millitants were arrested after getting medical help from hospitals but ofc since you do n't read articles you only know the first part . 
  oh please learn what nato is . 
  erdogan is not forming a pro-russia military .
