  i just do n't understand the point . 
  what does uk gain from this that you 're supportive of such unfair and arbitrary law ? 
   it 's more difficult to throw them out , when they do n't learn english in the set amount of time . 
  explain what 's difficult about deporting them . 
   and the fact that there are people who have n't bothered to learn english in years proves that people like that should n't be let in i do n't understand your logic so just because some bad apples everybody should be punished ? 
  learning a new language is hard but with some pressure they will eventually learn it . 
   the us , canada etc. 
  all need a type of visa to bring in a spouse and these can be rejected and have been . 
  yeah but not for not knowing english . 
  that 's just silly . 
  because those people are uk citizens wifes and husbands not random immigrants . 
  what kind of country refuses to let their citizens spouses in ? 
  marrying a foreigner and your new spouse moving to your country to live with you is pretty darn common thing . 
  even the most anti-immigrant countries do n't do something like this . 
  that 's a pretty stupid decision . 
  the best way to learn english is living in a country that it 's used in daily life . 
  why not give mandatory english lessons to immigrants that fail to pass language test ? 
  if they fail to pass the test several times you can deport them back ... 
  you do n't need to hide it when you control all the media in the country and have a millions of idiots that 'll vote for you no matter what . 
  you mean he knows how to be a politician . 
  letting ypg to control all border points is a horrible horrible idea that could easily put turkey in the spot . 
  also turkey is n't just not letting ypg to take the border . 
  they 're firing plastic bullets also that 's not military it 's police . 
  only if eu seriously needs turkey for something . 
  otherwise just reaching to eu standards in everything wo n't be enough . 
  no i 'm just able to understand politics . 
  turkey is too big to let in to eu in a whim . 
  turkey would ruin the power balance of eu so if germany agrees to let turkey in france would n't if france does germany would n't since it would ruin the power balance between them . 
  no way you can make all eu states to let turkey in since it will be bad for some of them no matter what . 
  eu would never accept turkey even if we were the most secular and progressive country on earth . 
  ah and who might you be ? 
  president of the united western countries ? 
  damn the trolling never ends ... 
  i freaking hate how you guys talk like we actually had a chance of getting in but because of this now we do n't . 
   20 % of turks support the slaughter of charlie hebdo staffers and cartoonists . 
  that 's an editorized title . 
  % 20 basically just said `` good riddance '' . 
  no need to try to make it sound worse even though it 's still disgusting . 
  also this poll was just made to akp voters so it 's actually % 10 proably even less than that since when this poll was made the akp voters consisted of % 40 . 
  today 's zaman lol and the link does n't even work . 
  i guess 60 people in glorious `` civilized eu '' does n't even click to links to form opinions and here i thought the key to enlightenment was reading . 
   turkey had a major role in creating and supplying isis supplying maybe but creating ? 
  that 's just a bullshit you just made . 
  a lot ocelan himself admitted that greece were literally their sponsor . 
  our relations were quite bad back in the day so ... 
  you killed a 59 yo woman . 
  a 29 yo woman and a 26 yo one . 
  headshots . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  shooting women is wrong ? 
  shooting people is wrong ? 
  these women were innocent ? 
  shooting on the head is wrong ? 
  i do n't understand what are you implying ... 
  i do n't agree with executing neither torture i find it barbaric but we 're talking about the co-founder of a terrorist group here . 
  she should have been locked up for life instead . 
  being old does n't mean you run away from your crimes literally most known terrorist groups in the world had old people in command . 
  do they deserve any mercy ? 
  did osama bin ladin deserved to pardoned because of his age ? 
  it 's mixed some people are saying that while another group is booing . 
  this is really getting old ... we turks are n't the most smartest and tolarent people but please do n't assume we support terrorists because you heard a group of hooligans not respecting the dead . 
  these guys do n't even respect their own dead ... 
  turkish football fans are fucking awful . 
  they even did the same thing for [ ankara bombings ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/10/13/watch-turkish-soccer-fans-boo-minute-of-silence-for-ankara-terror-victims/ ) . 
  your countrymen died there you sick fucks . 
  this is why you hear us turks on the internet ranting about how fucking retarded half of the country are . 
  these people literally think western countries deserve the the attacks because of what they did in wwi to turkey and to muslims in colonial era . 
  yesterday i literally saw someone on facebook saying french deserve the attacks because of what they did in algeria . 
   we should n't consider them european anymore . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if you have eu citizenship you 're european end of discussion . 
   the french who joined the ranks of the ss in the charlemagne division were executed . 
  that 's how you deal with those who join an organization that has declared itself an enemy of your country , i do n't see why it 's not that simple . 
  are you seriously asking for death penalty to return ? 
   the land belongs to the one who lives on it , so it stops being an occupation when the majority people in a region either get the independence they crave , or stop craving for independence . 
  you talk like % 90 of the people live there are kurds it 's around 60-40 and kurds recently become the majority less than 100 years back turks were the majority in the region but the most of them migrated to cities like istanbul . 
   the kurds wo n't be occupied when the turkish state either makes them wish to be part of turkey and have zero desire for independence majority of kurds do n't want independence so you 're saying as long as 10k terrorists that want independence exists it 'll be count as occupation ? 
   there 's no such thing as `` x ammount of years make this land mine '' , or else anatolia would be by right greek and armenian , not turkish . 
  no there is . 
  after everybody who had allegiance with the old nation dies ( btw that 's not even case with kurds since there was never a nation named kurdistan , which happens generally around 100-200 years ) that land is yours now . 
  only right the residents of that land have is getting equal treatment in the country . 
   what 's it up to turkey to decide on the kurds of syria ? 
  so if i was allied with the terrorists in your country and tried to found a new nation that 's bordering yours you would just sit and do nothing ? 
  pyd is part of kck which is basically a pkk led coalition against turkey . 
  a syrian kurdistan that 's founded by pyd would basically be a safe heaven for pkk . 
  turkey has all the reasons to be against the independence of pyd . 
  if they did n't pose and threat and were n't allied with pkk turkey would n't have been against an independent syrian kurdistan . 
  for example turkey supports the independence of iraqi kurdistan because they actually accept that pkk are terrorists and even helped turkish government to fight with terrorists few times . 
   not enough it occupies the majority of their land when does it stop being `` occupation '' exactly is 900 years not enough ? 
  guess again apparently you your most used word is [ erdogan ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3t0san/paris_attacks_turkey_told_france_twice_about/cx2clcu?context=3 ) . 
  did n't know you had hots for him but sadly [ obama ] ( http://imgur.com/s1v0mo9 ) approached him first . 
  sorry dude ... 
  turkey only shelled ypg twice . 
  davutoglu warned them to not to try to create a kurdish corridor bordering turkey . 
  they tried advancing twice and both times turkey opened fire but there was n't any casualties . 
  i 'm not saying turkey is not hostile to pyg but there is n't an active bombing campaign against them . 
  turkey bombs pkk but since pkk is allies with ypg it probably affects them too . 
   my guess would be that erdogan 's milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs regime in turkey also reported every ethnic kurdish woman who owns a miniskirt lol you 'll never cease to impress me will you ? 
  man i really wonder if your most used words on reddit is `` progressive ethnic kurdish women '' . 
  this fucking cat gang is going too far .
