  it 's europe 's job to prevent people they do n't want from entering their country not us . 
  as far as turkey is concerned they 're leaving willingly which is a good thing . 
  amnesty international is reporting in kurdish regions and heavily criticizing the turkish government yet i have n't heard their offices in istanbul getting raided yet . 
  vice was just doing pro-pkk propaganda i would n't even call them journalists they were basically pkk 's pr team just like how pkk hired some serbian snipers they hired vice 's propaganda team . 
   turkey 's number 1 priority is to destroy the syrian kurd pkk *  while the whole world , including russia itself , loves them . 
  they love them so much that they did n't even invite them to geneva . 
   it 's pretty easy to see why everyone is kinda pissed at turkey . 
  only one that 's pissed is russia and that 's because someone finally refused to play catch with his planes . 
  i can easily image the kind of government we would get if they get a citizenship . 
  not really russia left isis to anti-isis coalition because isis does n't pose a threat to the assad anymore . 
  west would prefer rebels over assad any-day but once the rebels are dealt with the only option would be the assad 's government since nobody wants isis they 'll be destroyed by someone eventually russia only did few attacks on isis as a revenge for their plane and left them alone . 
  lol the fear mongering is real . 
  if muslims ever become the majority in uk you would be already dead and even your grand children would be dead . 
  3 million turning to 60 million takes long ass time even if they populate like rabbits . 
  well i mean it 's been quite a while since the last time turkey invaded a country but erdogan certainly got more popular when he started hammering pkk and to be honest this like one of his first actions i approve of since his 14 year old goverment . 
  the new batch of refugees leave their homes because of russian airstrikes not isis . 
  russia is literally carpet bombing the rebels not that i have any love for the rebels but it 's the civilians that take the most damage . 
  but they did n't pay for that . 
  well when europe or us wants something things change . 
  our government generally take foreign countries ' requests more seriously than their own citizens . 
  finally ... now let 's see how will our government act now . 
  muslims can only marry with other muslims and if your daughter loves the man enough to change her religion i doubt you have anything to say in the matter . 
  do you even know who turkmens are ? 
  i recommend you to google them because you 're looking like a complete fool right now . 
  but your comment history indicates that you 're a bad troll so i guess that 's what you intended from the get go . 
   turkmen terrorists i want one example of turkmen brigades doing anything terroristic . 
  just one is enough ... 
  the worst they did was shooting a pilot and that was unintentional . 
  not true nato is built in trust they would never abandon an ally if they do nato would just disband and if they do n't send enough force it would just make nato look weak . 
   dude , first of all , no eu member has a border with the war zone named syria , and according to international law , countries bordering war conflicts have the obligation to accept refugees and also according to that international law you ca n't refuse the refugees that comes to your doorstep . 
  you also signed the 1951 refugee convention . 
   second , many of these so cold `` refugees '' that actually crossed turkish-greek or turkish-bulgarian border are actually non-syrian asylum seekers as it became clear those come from africa and use the itally route to reach europe the ones that come from turkey are % 80 syrian % 20 afghan . 
   third , turkey claims to be regional power , very proud if the new status , so how come the so called `` regional power '' can not get its shit together and tries to blackmail the eu . 
  wtf does that mean you 're hurting from crises , we 're hurting from crises we 're gon na solve this problem together or not at all . 
  turkish government never claimed they would send 3 million refugees on europe if eu does n't help them . 
  i do n't understand you guys do you want a solution or not ? 
   fourth why on earth , turkey was so active against iraqi kurdistan even sending land forces on several occasions some years ago , but was silently watching what was happening in syria ? 
  what do you mean here ? 
  iraqi kurdistan and turkey are regional allies . 
  barzani does not want pkk camps on his soil neither we do so he allowed turkish millitary to conduct operations to clear them out . 
  while in syria we do n't have a permission like that . 
  the moment a turkish aircraft or soldier sets foot in syria is the moment assad will go full force on turkey . 
  which is why we use artillery to support anti-isis coalition . 
   fifth , as your own propaganda describes you as `` regional power '' , do not fall into that trap , connections with russia are pretty bad and now you are on the verge to do the same with the eu . 
  your points getting ridiculous with your each number you sure you 're keeping up with the recent events ? 
  relations with eu is not worsening at all you might not agree with it but your leaders think that turkey is the one who could solve this . 
  merkel and erdogan is like meeting once every week and also if you know anything about geopolitics you would know that the moment eu cuts relations with turkey is the moment russia and turkey becomes best pals . 
   sixth , instead of funneling migrants to europe , with the silent approve of your authorities , start hunting down all these illegal smugglers leaving turkish coastline with turkish boats towards eu external borders , last time i checked - smuggling is described as crime !, 
  smuggling is indeed a crime and smugglers are already getting arrested but it is n't a priority because in the end it 's a win-win situation . 
  you only care about your agenda try to do some empathy we host 3 million refugees % 42 of syrian refugees in whole world these people are leaving on their own account . 
  if your country , hungary hosted millions of refugees would hungarian authorities stop the refugees that are illegally passing to germany ? 
  how about ukrainian ones ? 
  that 's not an easy thing . 
  everybody has different plans for syria . 
   thousands have perished already ( mostly women and children ) . 
  are you going to tell me that about a million people departed from your country and your government did n't know about it and could n't prevent it ? 
  what do you expect us to do ? 
  the coastguard doing everything they can do to prevent deaths 35 refugees was saved from drowning yesterday alone . 
  no matter how many of them die the refugees keep trying to pass to europe with shitty boats . 
  you ca n't fight with smuggling everybody with a shitty boat can carry them to greece you arrest one the new smugger will born next day . 
  these people are n't seasoned criminals they 're normal people like fishermen and there are lots of them . 
  edit : we started giving [ these ] ( http://imgur.com/a/8e63c ) to refugees to prevent them from trying to pass the aegean see but it still happen . 
   by the way , your government is supporting rebels in syria so part of the mess over there is on your country . 
  so does eu and usa it 's not like it 's just us who 's guilty . 
   the only reason your government is behaving like that is because the eu is incompetent and unwilling to do what 's necessary to stop this nonsense . 
  if they ever wake up , i predict that you 're not going to like it . 
  i disagree we had an open door policy like you guys and accepted everybody without even a single investigation now bombs are going on all around the country and we spent too much money on them . 
  just do the math we spent 13 billion on refugees yet we agreed eu 's deal with 3 billion ( trying to raise it to 5 now i guess ) how do we gain anything from this ? 
  we all know the restart of turkey 's ascension process is just a sham . 
  eu did n't exist back then and turkey under the ataturk was more progressive than european nations . 
  for example turkey gave women right to vote on elections before many european countries . 
  turkey had a plan like this but usa and eu denied that too . 
  the plan was to create a safe zone in syria where refugees could rebuild their country under the protection of anti-isis coalition . 
  the ones that come from africa go directly to the europe in the first place . 
  i 'm taking about syrian refugees the actual refugees i mean not economic immigrants from africa . 
  you did not eu . 
  refugees do n't even pass though hungary in the first place they always passed though croatia and bosnia . 
  your wall is basically useless the countries that are actual refugee hotspots or the countries that refugees arrive to europe ( italy , greece and spain ) are the ones that needs to close the borders to make any difference . 
  that 's because we did n't get the 3 billion yet so the deal can still be altered and turkey feels like 3 billion wo n't be enough for what eu 's asking . 
  i highly doubt that turkish government would back out the deal if the amount wo n't get raised to 5 billion . 
   however , no money has yet been paid amid wrangling within the eu , with italy so far refusing to pay its share . 
  we did n't even got that yet . 
  if you were able to do that you would have done it by now . 
  really ? 
  are you really saying that eu that has 28 member states ca n't pay 5 billion ? 
  obviously turkey wo n't keep asking for money constantly it 's a one time thing . 
  where is the squashing ? 
  according to you guys we 're doing it since 2009 . 
   turkey will never get into the eu we wanted to get in to the old strong eu that would help us to grow economically not the today 's eu that 's about to break because of few refugees . 
  so we wanted 5 billion instead of 3 ? 
  big deal it 's still too low ... we spent 13 billion on them all by themselves yet the entire eu that 's screaming `` refugee crisis '' for the last 2 years with less than half the amount of what we got have a better solution ? 
  what is it then ? 
  let 's hear it . 
  the only way to solve this crises is to invest on [ turkey , lebanon and jordan ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/0,,18762226_403,00.png ) so these nations can improve the conditions of the refugees hence they would n't need to go to europe for a better life and we would n't need to spent ridiculous amounts of cash like we do right now it 's a win-win situation . 
  also some of you call this blackmail but if eu refuses to help us in we have no reason to prevent the refugees who 's trying to pass to europe . 
  a reminder for some of you who 're not aware we did n't even get that 3 billion we were promised so good job eu . 
   however , no money has yet been paid amid wrangling within the eu , with italy so far refusing to pay its share . 
  apart from seeing more beggars on the street nothing changed in my personal life . 
  why do n't you take these kids then ? 
  no but they do care about ottoman empire .
