  they do not know how it is to live under him because they firmly believe it is all western propaganda to paint turkey as bad . 
  lmao this is just hilarious . 
  i fully support a ban like this however i am fairly sure that there is barely anyone in bavaria who wears full-face veil and even if they do you can be sure they do n't drive or work for government or schools . 
  this sounds like a way to look like they are actually doing something against islamic radicalism while in reality they are just banning something that do not affect anyone . 
  germany should already be spending more money for military according to nato since they are way below 2 % threshold . 
  for security ofc . 
  there is nothing wrong with having a large strong army to protect yourself and your allies . 
  in turkey we have 410,000 active personal with 2.000.000 less population from germany for example . 
  you never know what might happen and it would also stop usa 's complaints about freeloaders in nato . 
  might as well cap it then . 
  nobody sees germany as a threat anymore so it should be no problem . 
  should be higher germany is a big country with large population . 
  i mean what is the harm in letting him ride a camel ? 
  if you are visiting a country as a tourist i agree but diplomats and politicians should not be subjugated to the customs of the country they visit . 
  they are not there for sight seeing . 
  what makes you think they do n't wan na be there ? 
  not wanting to be german and not wanting to live there are two separate things . 
  in average germany has better living conditions than turkey . 
  if i had to opportunity live and work in germany i would go but will i ever want to become german ? 
  not really ... 
  anyway if you claim to have a rule of law you ca n't deport people simply becuase they idetify as turks and still retain their turkish passport . 
  you being dissatisfied is irrelevant they did n't commit any crimes . 
  people would rather pay more for their own bills than pay someone else 's bill because that 's too socialist and socialism is bad . 
  can confirm i am this guy 's overlord . 
  free fezzes to everyone in sweden . 
  apart from healthcare the rest seems roughly the same . 
  as an engineering graduate this map makes me sad at least we are not the last ... 
  and ? 
  i fail to see your point . 
  ataturk had nothing to do with massacres like literally nothing he did n't even had the power to do the calls . 
  i do not understand what is your beef with him . 
  salty because he stopped greece 's invasion of anatolia or something ? 
  he quite openly criticized previous goverment aka young turks to death . 
  like just go and read a bit about the guy and come back you might have some argument that he was n't kind to kurds and conservative muslims but saying he was responsible for any genocide is both laughable and factually incorrect . 
  i will admit i did n't read every book we were assigned . 
  some of them were most boring shit i have read but questions about books were in exams so kids must of read at least some of it . 
  i mean i do not know what can be done to make kids read books we simply do n't like reading books . 
  for example i am not a book reader as well the last non-fantasy book i read was like 3-2 years ago . 
  most likely excluded because they force you to read books in school . 
  sure but you assume people read it . 
  they do n't ... and the ones who read it do it in arabic without knowing what the fuck they are reading . 
  that 's not true . 
  every school in turkey makes kids read some books . 
  it is literally part of offical curriculum from the top of my head i read \u015eu \u00c7\u0131lg\u0131n t\u00fcrkler , nutuk and miserables in middle-school . 
  i have no love for iran but seriously what iran did to be seen as even bigger threat than russia in north america ? 
  did n't play victim just do n't see it as big deal . 
  as you said stuff like this happens regularly and has been going on for years . 
  so articles like this got old already . 
  i admit it we are dicks but it is good practice for greeks no ? 
  if we were n't here they would slack off . 
  a greece - turkey war is impossible unless things change drastically in the near future which is why i really do n't take stuff like this seriously and neiter does greeks otherwise they would have shot down some of our shit by now . 
  oh so you admit that turkish cypriots faced similar hardships and massacres like armenains ? 
  i can do whataboutism too my friend . 
  oh wow we fired some bullets to empty seas that we said we would . 
  damn look at evil fascist turkey out to invade poor poor greece . 
  i feel bad for the greek water molecules ... 
  because it would n't . 
  we do n't claim an entire oceans as ours . 
  lol there are barely any soldiers in syria and their job is mostly to organize and guide fsa . 
  the al-bab operation is slow because goal is to capture the city intact with the least amount of casualties . 
  i guess you watched too many war movies but in reality retreating to keep more lives for the next day is better than holding your ground and dying . 
  we are not on a timer here al-bab will fall eventually and most likely in this month or the next so maybe next time check your facts sir armchair general . 
  so does turkey . 
  what turkey denies calling the massacres and deportions genocide . 
  i personally could n't care less what you call an 100 year old event . 
  as long as we 're not paying shit call it genocide or massacre or great catastrophe does n't really matter . 
  i would leave that to historians not politicians . 
  can you even read ? 
  please point out where he implied that anything should be denied . 
   that 's the turkey that slaughtered over a million christians . 
  in this part he told that the turkey who slaughtered christians and the turkey who made the population swap are the same while that 's factually incorrect since the administrations were different and even polar opposites . 
  if you want to tell someone how something works at least learn basic reading and understanding . 
  nobody even talked about genocide denial here apart from you . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about do you ? 
  genocide denial is about the accusation of `` genocide '' not the deaths . 
  nobody deny the deaths by the hands of ottoman empire . 
  numbers vary a bit turkey say 600.000 some historians say 1 million some historians go as far as 2 million but that 's another debate entirely . 
  go read turkey 's offical viewpoint of the event [ here ] ( http://www.mfa.gov.tr/the-events-of-1915-and-the-turkish-armenian-controversy-over-history_-an-overview.en.mfa ) so you would at least be informed before making any new stupid statements . 
  i do not personally agree with the offical viewpoint of turkish goverment but it is not what you 're claiming . 
  that was ottoman empire . 
  turkey preferred the population swap and it was smoother than you think . 
  it was a great way to solve most of the border disputes at the time . 
  an good friend of my family 's ancestors was from rumelia for example they came to anatolia in population swap . 
  we had some trans artists who got popular that made people change their ideas about them . 
  also gays and trans are seen a bit differently . 
  people simply do not understand how someone who 's attracted to guys can still claim to be a dude . 
  for most it makes more sense for them to identify as a woman . 
  also as other guy said the way questions worded are diffrent . 
  most people have no problem with gays and transgenders having equal rights but marriage is different . 
  while in turkey marriage is mostly secular and ceremonies are performed by a marriage officiant not an imam . 
  people still think marriage is between a man and a woman . 
  also the tolerance does not extend to family members . 
  if you are gay there is % 80 chance of your dad not approving of it . 
  japanese culture is very patriarchal and it is still quite strong . 
  however i agree it is quite low for youth who generally tends to reject backwards traditions . 
  but police would still enter those areas if you call them right ? 
  as far as i know no go zones means the areas the police will not come to enforce law . 
  man as a non-smoker in turkey i sometimes feel like an alien . 
  they would if looking after a child was not that expensive . 
  apparently we do .
