   turkey has finally stopped posing as a western nation and is slowly we were not posing we were please stop trying to downplay erdogan 's actions . 
   nor shall their amendment be proposed . 
  proposing to amend the article 4 would mean that you intend to change the first 3 articles so 4 . ca n't be amended as well . 
  it does n't just ban amending it also bans * proposing * to amend for a reason . 
  however i agree that it could be worded more clearly . 
  he ca n't do it normally the first 4 articles of the constitution can not be changed . 
  form of the state  article 1 - the state of turkey is a republic . 
  characteristics of the republic  article 2 - the republic of turkey is a democratic , secular and social state governed by rule of law , within the notions of public peace , national solidarity and justice , respecting human rights , loyal to the nationalism of atat\u00fcrk , and based on the fundamental tenets set forth in the preamble . 
   iii . 
  integrity , official language , flag , national anthem , and capital of the state  article 3 - the state of turkey , with its territory and nation , is an indivisible entity . 
  its language is turkish . 
  its flag , the form of which is prescribed by the relevant law , is composed of a white crescent and star on a red background . 
  its national anthem is the `` independence march '' . 
  its capital is ankara . 
  irrevocable provisions  article 4 - the provision of article 1 regarding the form of the state being a republic , the characteristics of the republic in article 2 , and the provisions of article 3 shall not be amended , nor shall their amendment be proposed . 
  he needs to do something like iranian revolution and completely abolish the goverment and replace it with islamic republic . 
  kazakhstan is a dictatorship as well always been . 
  islam is not the only problem you know majority of our problems in turkey has nothing to do with islam as well it 's about erdogan 's personal greed . 
  yes but they are dictatorship for years so they are not in a good state either . 
  erdogan and aliyev are exactly the same the only difference is turks are more religious than azeris so aliyev does n't need to play the pious muslim like erdogan . 
   turkey is already starting to look worse than iran try going to iran for a day and you 'll eat your words . 
  turkey is nothing like iran the fact that you do n't even elobrate after making such a ridiclous claim makes me believe you are just spewing bullshit because stuff that 's unimaginable in turkey happens in iran . 
  theocracy and authoritarian goverments are not exactly the same . 
  there is no mortality police in turkey , there is no enfoced dress code in turkey , nobody will force you to pray in praying hours in turkey , there is not even capital punishment in turkey or punishment for being gay while iran executes people for being gay . 
  in turkey we are quickly losing our access to information by media and internet censorship but no we are not even close being like iran . 
  might be because of isp then because i am sure i have no vpn on . 
  is it because of isp i wonder ? 
  i can access with dns change . 
  i am positive that i have no vpn on because i ca n't enter sites that require vpn . 
  huh strange do you use google dns or something else ? 
  well erdogan always used islam so he might actually go for religious police to completely remove opposition one day . 
  i mean locking up someone undesirable by using the fact that he drinks as a excuse is pretty powerful tool for a dictator . 
   turkey will be somewhere along the lines of pakistan in the next 20 years . 
  no it wo n't that 's rather poor comparison . 
  pakistan has entirely different problems than turkey . 
  we 'll most likely end up like some 20 . century dictatorship . 
  our goverment gets more controlling with eachday while it is the opposite in pakistan . 
  their goverment is too weak to do anything and tribes have huge influence there . 
  lol i have been using custom dns for the last 10 years maybe even longer than that . 
  if they did n't touch it to this date i doubt they 'll ever . 
  yeah you can basically ignore % 90 of the blocks by just changing your dns which everybody done already . 
  however some websites actually require vpn but majority of them are porn sites which you do n't need a paid vpn for cuz i assume nobody watches porn 7/24 so you can just use opera vpn if you really need . 
  however when erdogan temporally blocks social media you also need vpn some g\u00fclenist and pkk news sites also require vpn like turkishminute and anf but why would you want to access those in the first place . 
  i assume ban will be lifted in a few days bans because of retarded reasons generally do n't stick for long . 
  accessible with google dns so it does n't worth shit . 
  there is no internet user in turkey who does n't use custom dns anyway . 
  he is not you are the one who 's overplaying it . 
  the guy said more outrageous shit before he is irrelevant attention whore just because you are ignorant about the subject at hand does n't mean you are right . 
  `` advisor '' is a nice way to say bootlicker . 
  he makes propaganda for erdogan since he 's a `` journalist '' and erdogan leaves him be . 
  i can not understand why someone would eat shit but some people have fetish for that . 
  your argument is pretty bad this needs to be banned because there are a lot of women who forced to wear this garb but unable to speak out because of their family/husband . 
  otherwise if you wan na cover you face you can do it as long as the buldings you enter allows it . 
   democratic dictators that 's the best description of turkey i have seen . 
  is there anything wrong with that ? 
  be honest if you were refugee would you just stop at the first safe country ? 
  i certainly would aim for western europe if i can . 
  it is simply human nature to settle for the best place you can . 
  italy was supposed to give them back to turkey though . 
  they were n't given to italy they occupied and annexed them and instead of us they gave them to greece . 
  the islands have a greek speaking majority so it makes sense of greece to own them but the dispute does not come out of nowhere . 
   the main provisions of the treaty , often also called treaty of ouchy to distinguish it from the 1923 treaty of lausanne , were as follows :  the ottomans would withdraw all military personnel from trablus and benghazi vilayets ( libya ) but in return , italy would return rhodes and the other aegean islands it held back to the turks . 
  greek airforce would get bored if we 're not here . 
  not true us directly acknowledged ypg as pkk 's syrian wing however they changed this story after they started to support them because they still see pkk as a terrorist organization . 
  https://archive ( . 
  ) is/arwly look at this archived page from 2016 version of offical us counterterrorism center report . 
  r/europe does not allow archive links so just remove the brackets . 
   kgk 's syrian affiliate , the democratic union party ( pyd ) , has increased its presence in northern syria along the border with turkey by establishing control in kurdish areas , resulting in concerns of a heightened threat to turkey and increased tensions along the border . 
  see this part ? 
  it directly says pyd is syrian wing of pkk and ypg is millitary wing of pyd just like how hpg is military wing of pkk . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people%27s_protection_units  the ypg was formed in 2004 as the armed wing of the kurdish leftist democratic union party . 
  it expanded rapidly in the syrian civil war and came to predominate over other armed kurdish groups . 
  now let 's see what has changed in the new version of the nctc report . 
  https://www.dni.gov/nctc/groups/turkey_domestic_terrorism.html how interesting all references to pyd is completely removed . 
  oh please tell me what does the `` remove kebab '' part refer to ? 
  how does that song has anything to do with removing anything ? 
  the meme did not start in 1995 it is irrelevant when the song was performed . 
   oh please . 
  `` remove kebab '' is aimed mostly against turks , which are not considered european by those who joke about it . 
  i doubt anyone is joking about this massacre . 
  it is aimed at muslims most of the time not just turks and everybody know it 's origin is the srebrenica massacre . 
  we really do n't find it offensive but it is sad that what people remember of this part of the history is how a meme was born from it . 
   also , i seriously despise your attempt at trying to depict your country as a victim in a thread such as this one . 
  turkey alongside with austria and to a lesser extent hungary is the very reason the balkan is fucked up as it is today . 
  nobody is depicting turkey as a victim anywhere he did n't even mention turkey you are just going on about yourself just get out of here lay down and think for a moment before typing such bullshit . 
   isis was there since 2014 at the turkish-syrian border . 
  did turkey do anything then ? 
  why not ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_occupation_of_northern_syria#2013-14_proposals_for_safe_zone safe zone proposals started in 2013 . 
  syria is still a foreign country it is not that simple as to just waltz in and invade without preparation . 
  russia always objected to turkish invasion and it only got worse with jet crises in 2015 us on the other hand did not allow the creation of safe zone until 2016 because they demanded that ypg should also be allowed in to the safe zone . 
  so yeah we were n't sitting around the disagreements between the great powers delayed the operation till 2016 till then isis was also shelled many times while they kept shooting rockets at border towns in turkey . 
   i called them a terrorist organisation . 
  do i need to further criticise them ? 
  do i have to hold turkey to the same standard as a terrorist organisation ? 
  you called pkk a terrorist organization you did not criticize ypg for associating with pkk and letting them free reign in rojava . 
   do you have any evidence that the pkk leadership ordered those attacks ? 
  yes they claimed it . 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/07/kurdish-group-claims-revenge-murder-turkish-police-150722132945249.html  nope . 
  isis kills more turks than europeans last i checked .
