  it 's generally the only requirement of being turk instead of being a muslim . 
  i mean i find it odd that someone would identify as turkish cypriot just becuase he chaged his religion . 
  and there is the comment i was looking for . 
  he 's basically trying to recuit young horny guys akp 's youth wing . 
  religious people mostly prefer arranged marriage . 
  when the elections are n't fair and your nation is n't democratic anymore . 
  your goverment does n't listen to you ? 
  then you show them that people do n't agree with their policies in the next elections if they still win that means you 're in the minority and obligated to respect the wishes of your countrymen . 
  majority of them are not but because of the rich etnic background of the region you can proably find some white passing kurds . 
  being anti-immigrant does not mean you need to support terrorism . 
  people should blame their goverment not the refugees . 
  protest , do n't fucking burn stuff ... 
  depends of what you mean by win . 
  akp will certainly get the most votes but no way they 're forming a goverment themselves this time . 
  it 's always so much fun to read your comments . 
  i have never seen a such a dedicated troll like you . 
  by the way there is a kurdish flair in this subreddit . 
  you do n't need to taint your glorious nickname with dirty turkish flag . 
  they do n't leave them in a warzone they leave them in camps in jordan , turkey or lebanon . 
  it 's been said numerous times that the reason for such a gap in gender is , it 's generally the men who apply for the asylum and bring their family later if they granted one . 
  you do n't need to drag your whole family country by country ... 
  based on the pictures the rally was filled with palestinian flags . 
  so it should be self explanatory . 
  so is n't that hate speech ? 
  how do they get away with that ? 
  not really the next goverment will proably be a akp-chp coalition so chp is pretty relevant . 
  chp wants to improve our reletions with our neighbors . 
  becuase eu is 4th reich . 
   they ca n't even hold their border shut . 
  says the european the irony is strong on this one . 
  i bet we also willingly let pkk pass the border for the last 20 years . 
   a lot of those people who travel are very well known by secret services and still allowed to pass through . 
  do n't know about your country but in turkey we still have n't managed to invent mind readers . 
  if you guys invented one why do you let them fly to turkey to join to isis in the first place ? 
  donnow maybe because turkey shares the biggest border to the war zone ( iraq/syria ) which makes it easier to pass the border . 
   yeah ... turkey cleans it up . 
  every friggin european that joins isis goes through turkey . 
  but hey you 're helping apparently . 
  damn you 're right why 're they not passing from japan or indonesia ?!, 
  it 's much closer right ? 
  those european jihadists must be crazy !, 
   continues destroying cultural heritage in the north in isis-like fashion . 
  what ? 
   i say this as a cypriot who wants a fair and equal cyprus for all citizens , regardless of their background . 
  no one was expecting them to do it . 
  turkey wo n't get in to eu ever . 
  even if one day we have a spotless human right 's record and a proper pro-eu goverment . 
   in 1960 , a partnership state between turkish and greek cypriots was set up in accordance with the international agreements signed by the turkish cypriot and greek cypriot sides , as well as the turkish , greek and british governments . 
  however , in 1963 , only three years later , the turkish cypriots were ousted by force from all organs of the new republic by their greek cypriot partners in clear breach of the founding agreements and the constitution . 
  the claim put forth thereafter by the greek cypriots to represent the `` republic of cyprus '' has been illegal , and has not been recognized by turkey . 
  the 1974 attempt by greece to annex the island , through a coup attempt , was resisted by turkey in accordance with the 1960 treaty of guarantee . 
  consequently , turkish cypriots set up their own republic , while continuing the search for reconciliation . 
   `` accidentally '' flying jets in greek airspace and whining when a russian goes over their border . 
  greek and turkish jets play catch all the time you ca n't blame neither side both of us are guilty of it . 
  also do n't lie if russian aircrafts invaded your country 's airspace , your goverment would lose their shit as well just look at the russia 's neighbors . 
  there is a reason why turkey is in the nato . 
   turkey 's been 100 % unreliable as a partner in the past years lol you serious ? 
  all turkey does is what west tells us to . 
  you think turkey did all those shit to topple assad for self interests ? 
   why should we believe a single word they have to say ? 
  lmao, 
  bosnia and albania is n't europe ? 
  i hope you 're not a frequent on youtube so you 're no aware that how bad youtube comments are otherwise you need to be really dumb to take any youtube comment seriously . 
  i mean we are talking about a site that you can easily find comments that call for genocides . 
  it 's also really sad if you serious about your last sentence ... 
  we were n't talking about that he said that alcohol being forbidden is fundamental in islam . 
  i just pointed out there are lots of muslims who do n't think it that way . 
  a lot actually the family was exiled not executed . 
  here is the [ line of succession ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/line_of_succession_to_the_former_ottoman_throne#current_line_of_succession ) . 
  it looks like some poles still think they 're hussars ... 
  lmao good luck finding a one non-suadi muslim that likes sa . 
  that 's because sa is rich as fuck . 
  come to turkey and see if it 's fundamental as you think it is . 
  i know more than 20 people that identify as muslims and drink without giving a shit . 
  pork being forbidden is fundamental not alcohol . 
  that 's a very short-term solution what 's stopping them to come back and how are you planning to send them back against their own will ? 
  you do n't take refugees for benefits you do it to help fellow human beings that are not as lucky as you but ofc whether they 're actually refugees is up for debate ... 
  isis or other islamist organizations most likely since this bombing does n't help both pkk and erdogan . 
  ok thanks for proving you were talking out of your ass . 
  i do n't know if it 's hilarious or tragic that people actually take that subreddit serioualy . 
  also if you bothered to actually check the subreddit the literal last submission is a deleted comment that people strongly disagree under it . 
  find me one comment in turkey subreddit that is barbaric and not downvoted to hell or ignored by readers . 
  you 're just talking out of your ass . 
  country : turkey favourite neighbour : azerbaijan least favourite neighbour : syria, 
  and how about the muslims that share the same view point with you ? 
  why do you talk like the things you 're listed are requirements of islam ? 
  be agaist sexism and inequality , be against fgm and discrimination of lgbt people lots of muslims also agree with you . 
  islam is n't a united religion half of the stuff you listed are only exclusive to shitiest parts of the islamic world . 
  people should really stop forming their opinions about islam by just looking at suadi arabia ... 
  only the ones that target pkk . 
  ofc they 'll , russia supports assad . 
  why limit bombing to just isis when you can bomb your friend 's enemies ? 
  let 's hope they can make progress but i highly doubt it is possible at this point . 
  because of the events leading up to cyprus intervention . 
  turkey does not recognize current cyprus goverment as a legitimate one . 
  this is the guy who said we gave the islands to greece with treaty of lausanne his history knowledge is below average ... 
  really ca n't be helped the bad parts of ottoman history is either whitewashed or ignored in history classes however this phenomenon happens in every country that used to be an empire . 
  well to be fair we do n't exactly recognize cyprus . 
  look dude i get what you mean but you need to do some empathy obiviously germans will care about a crime organization that 's operating inside their own country than a foreign terrorist organization . 
  diaspora turks are just wierd .
