  did people really thought some rebels would be able to get and use anti-aircraft weapons ? 
  those are not aks you do n't just pull the trigger and fire them ... 
  lol are you implying istanbul is n't in europe ? 
  compared to russia 's reaction to the jet crisis erdogan is acting a lot more rationally . 
  we had higher expectations of russia in turkey but instead they turned their anger to turks in russia and started doing retarded provocations . 
  i see russia is still going full retard . 
  he is n't someone that should be taken seriously . 
  no the legit one is 6 nmi for both sides . 
  we 're too close to each other increasing the airspace more will always lead to complications . 
  you can literally throw a rock to the greece 's territorial waters form turkey . 
  damn ... 
  i understand violating greece 's 10 nmi rejected airspace but literally flying over the island is too far . 
  they do n't . 
  they actually support it . 
  lots of people in turkey believe that you have no right to insult president of turkey just as how you ca n't insult prophet mohammed and ataturk . 
  freedom of expression is n't really valued here probably because we never had it so people got used to it . 
   this is what baffles me so much about turkey . 
  so many turkish people seem to be level-headed decent people , there are also a lot of turks on reddit . 
  you probably only interacted with turks that know english which is why you get that impression . 
  literally % 90 of turks that know foreign language are anti-akp . 
  sadly there is literally laws in turkey that criminalize this kind of stuff . 
  if you have money to for an army of lawyers like erdogan you can lock up people who make memes of you as well . 
  it 's not exclusive to him ... 
  for the 10.000 time akp government is n't pro-eu so since 2002 turkey does n't bother trying to join eu . 
  i 'm really struggling to understand how is islam related to this . 
  only if you post it on twitter and if you have thousands of followers . 
  you know that post was satire right ? 
  everybody knows ashihna is turk . 
  he was mocking the fake accounts in r/worldnews that created a week ago claiming they 're turk and hate everything about their country . 
  i thought it was quite clear he literally talks turkish in the post he made in r/turkey, 
   now , remember that according to islamic toilet etiquette i lived my whole life in turkey and had religion lessons before but i only heard this in reddit . 
  i do n't know if there is something like that in islamic toilet etiquette but in turkey nobody does it . 
  it 's always first you wash your butt then wipe it with toilet paper no touching directly with your hand . 
   left hand instead of toilet paper ? 
  wait people use their hands to wipe ? 
  wtf i would rather not wipe instead of using my hands ... 
  i do n't remember a day i did n't wash my hands after going it to the bathroom ... that 's just nasty ... 
   it got 3 billion $ , visa-free travel in near future and restart of the membership talks . 
  we already spent 9b $ so 3b is nothing really . 
  visa-free travel is n't certain and you would n't believe how many times eu said that membership talks will restart if we do something they want . 
  turkey was not in the coalition back in that time . 
  if you fear that people might be making terrorism plans on ps4 might as well monitor your citizens 's whole life . 
  is n't french already part of anti-isis coalition ? 
  i thought everybody who is in the coalition can use incilik airbase to bomb isis . 
  no need to literally write an article about it to make it sound surprising it 's not like we allowed russia to use our airspace . 
   barzani is a dictator such as erdogan i thought it was clear that i was talking about people instead of government . 
  hope that 's right . 
  damn i love krg can we exchange our kurds with theirs ? 
  they 're anti-pkk , friendly , not ridiculously religious and have a bad-ass army . 
   yeah , it 's on liveleak if you change your mind ... 
  they did the full isis display of shooting the unarmed guy , then beheading him and then dancing around his body and screaming allahu akbar . 
  lol wtf are you talking about that was fsa and they did that to helicopter pilot not the jet pilot . 
  the jet pilot was shot on parachute and died before reaching to the ground . 
  you might be too high on russia propaganda mate ... alparslan \u00c7elik tried to stop his men from shooting the parachuting pilots . 
  here is the [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5g60o_o08u ) he 's screaming `` atmay\u0131n esir alal\u0131m '' which means do n't shoot let 's take them prisoners and other militants scream `` atma atma '' or `` atmay\u0131n '' to stop the ones that are still firing . 
  go translate these sentences if you do n't believe me . 
  that was davutoglu and he meant that he was the one who changed the roe . 
  people did n't call him and asked if they should shoot or not . 
   fsa are n't any better than isis lol i did n't know fsa declared the whole world crusader and started shooting and blowing up everything . 
  seriously since russia got in to the conflict people are really trying to compare fsa with isis please explain me how are they not any better . 
  i 'm not saying fsa is moderate but they 're clearly better than isis even al-nusra is better than isis . 
  because in r/europe people are more interested in facts and `` let 's nuke the shit out of syria and be done with it '' is n't a popular opinion here like in r/worldnews . 
  it 's also because r/worldnews is completely invaded by russia 's troll squad i have seen more than 10 users that are created 2 days ago to exclusively say pro-russian stuff . 
  sorry i just ca n't call a group that 's doing ethnic cleansing moderate . 
  there are already shit load of factions that fight isis and most them are n't really good guys as well . 
  erdogan made netanyahu apologize to turkey i was referencing to that, 
  i was n't aware there was war in morocco and algeria . 
  lol he sounds like erdogan of russia . 
  erdogan for fucks sake could you stop escalating this ? 
  you shot the russian jet and nato supported your decision enough . 
  ypg is n't really much moderate either . 
  only actual moderate kurdish faction is peshmarga and that 's because it 's a professional army . 
  tbh russia has been bombing the shit out of them for the last few weeks . 
  so they are probably quite furious to russians in general . 
  let 's hope it 's really for isis then since russia is generally [ not really interested ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qzxri2u.jpg ) in bombing isis . 
  but crusader kings taught me orthodoxs ca n't crusade ... 
  damn erdogan really think he 's dealing with netanyahu instead of putin . 
  polan stronk ? 
  chill osman this is n't israel we 're dealing with . 
   close the bosporus to the russian ships . 
  lol we 're not allowed to do that . 
  they did once in 1996 . 
  anyway turkey 's roe in syria side of the airspace is special normaly the intruder plane is just escorted out but after the shooting down of turkish jet by syria . 
  the rules were changed as a response . 
  good job putin ... why ca n't you two handle this by yelling insults to each other instead of destroying businesses ? 
  i mean putin is at the wrong here but come on erdogan you do n't need to act like jackass . 
  yes just the name was just turkified hagia sophia --  ayasofya . 
  well the last time you asked nicely they were n't even going to give you izmir ... 
  yeah it was turned to a mosque when the istanbul was conqured but now it 's a museum . 
  what ? 
  everybody knows beard = isis, 
  i 'll never understand the logic in jailing someone just because of words . 
  people should be able to say whatever they want expect ofc the things that can cause people to get injured or even killed like making a bomb joke in an bus for example . 
  what ? 
  when did ever anyone here defended turkish ultra nationalists ? 
  trust me we hate them more than you do . 
  at least they managed to hit the right embassy unlike our nationalists ... 
   is n't the turkish military part of the turkish government ? 
  what i 'm saying is turkish military is n't akp they are n't politicians they have no reason to lie or shoot an aircraft without provocations . 
  turkish military is a professional force they are not stupid .
