  because that 's the conclusion you 'll reach with that argument . 
  you said it yourself if religion requires you to do something it means you 're not doing it by free will hence you 're being forced . 
  christianity orders you to pray at churches by your logic they 're being forced to pray so churches needs to be closed to prevent it . 
  also burkinis somehow did something bad to community ? 
  i am mad because you guys are supporting taking away the rights of muslim women who both want to freely believe in their religion and have fun in a beach . 
  not only that you 're supporting an incredibly sexist ban because apprently [ this ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/318xtju8gil.jpg ) is okay but [ this ] ( http://g02.a.alicdn.com/kf/htb1.ql_ifxxxxarxfxxq6xxfxxxm/new-fashion-high-quality-muslim-swimwear-font-b-full-b-font-font-b-body-b-font.jpg ) is not, 
  have you seriously just forgot the picture the guy at the top showed ? 
  i can not comprehend how do you not see the massive fallacy in your argument as well . 
  so if following the society 's religion means you 're forced to why do n't you guys demolish your churches ? 
  by your argument the religion forces people to go in and pray . 
  they 're not going to the church by their free will . 
  and pray tell what punishment are you talking about ? 
  that their husband/father/brother will beat them if they attempt to wear something other than burkini ? 
  really ? 
  is western nations so pathetic that your solution to end domestic abuse is banning a piece of clothing ? 
  have a single interaction with an actual muslim woman then we can talk again and also i think you need to re-read allegory of the cave because this is a very different situation than scenario plato gives . 
  burkini does not cover your face . 
  there is no model of it that it does if it exists i 'm sure it 's on the internet so you can attempt to prove me wrong ... and again you show your lack of understand of the situation recent burkini bans include the swimsuits like in my example those do n't cover your face it 's still banned so no bans has nothing to do with face being covered ... 
  except that 's burka [ not burkini ] ( http://ep00.epimg.net/elpais/imagenes/2016/03/23/estilo/1458745542_742927_1458748403_noticia_normal.jpg ) try again next time ... burka is already banned in france and everybody is fine with it . 
  it 's mind boggling that you did n't even understand what was the main topic was . 
  wow is this your understanding of freedom from religion ? 
  absolutely pathetic ... 
  can someone remind me when was the last time a woman in a burkini blew something that was not a c major ? 
  god you guys sure are stupid ... 
  do you have any proof of women wearing burkinis are forced to ? 
  lol you 're that kid i tagged as `` racist greek '' just look at your comments ...  lol remember when we slaughtered your entire cities in 1821 ? 
  that will happen again bro . 
  no turk will remain alive . 
  they will either be gassed immediately or have their houses bombed by the incredibly superior hellenic air force . 
  the hellenic army will march in constantinople while the hagia sophia bells will be ringing in an orthodox way . 
  we will burn the quran inside of the hagia sophia and sing the akathistos ymnos while the turkish corps start surrendering to our supperior armed forces . 
  i remember your [ this ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/4ximw1/turkey_should_be_thrown_out_of_nato/d6fv7sg ) post as well get out of here you filthy genocide supporter ... 
  i have no problem with apologizing for the crimes of my nation and would be fine with it if the government did to however do n't act like your hands clean in fact you yourself seem to be proud of the atrocities your people committed . 
  absolutly disgusting ... and this is what i was talking about when i said it was extremely rare to see anybody apologizing crimes against turks . 
  forget apologizing you guys are proud of it ... 
  no my problem is it 's generally forced to wear . 
  i 'm sure you saw the news of women who 're liberated from isis burning their burkas . 
  hijab on the other hand is worn willingly most of the time ... 
  maybe however you really need to twist islam quite a bit to claim islam only allows women to wear burka in presence of outsiders . 
  5 more kod adi k.o.z. 
  incoming . 
  time to reserve the last 5 in imdb . 
   `` i have always felt this way . 
  today i have the ability , now that i am fully independent , to express my opinion , '' markoullis told the cyprus mail . 
  interesting how she was unable to express this when she was in office . 
  still i applaud her for expressing it ... 
  it 's extremely rare to see anybody apologizing for crimes against turks cypriot or not . 
  burka/nikab are fully cultural clothes that 's not religious at all . 
  banning it does not make you religiously intolerant . 
  nowhere in islamic scripture it 's written that women need to cover their entire body , face included in a pitch black robe . 
  a hijab with normal non-revaling clothing is enough by islamic standards . 
  according to wikipedia south korea criminalized it in 2013 . 
  if you ask me it 's kinda silly and retarded to claim that you were able to rape your wife/husband until 2013 in korea . 
  obviously the law not existing specifically for marital rape does not mean it was legal . 
  wow really ? 
  that 's some deep racism there ... 
  it being legal did n't mean you were able to rape your wife there was just not a specific law for it till 2005 . 
  you were just charged of domestic abuse ... 
  swedish foreign minister said some stupid shit accusing turkey of allowing sex with kids bellow 15 years old and austrian airport had similar adverts saying `` vacation to turkey would only support erdogan '' and `` turkey allows 13 years old to get raped '' or something along these lines . 
  and this is our childish remark as an `` revenge '' i guess ... 
  sad to see we 're answering the childish remarks of europeans with more childish remarks . 
  i never seen anybody wear a burkini at a beach in turkey and i just returned from vacation . 
  burqas and burkinis exist in turkey but are very uncommon to see anybody wearing it . 
  i mean my grand mother wears a full body swimsuit but her hair is n't covered does that count as burkini ? 
  it 's propaganda and it 's everywhere ... all the court ruling did is giving judges more freedom over the sentence they can give to under age sex crimes . 
  age of consent is still 18 ... 
  firstly you got ta fuck up your freedom of speech and press . 
  he still not done with this 2023 crap ? 
  i remember his `` the target is 2023 '' posters all around the istanbul back in 2006 ... 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  retardness is one hell of a drug man really feel bad for you . 
  must be sad not being able to think logically ... 
  ikr and it 's sad that r/europe is falling for it . 
  stop calling yourself liberal with those opinions . 
  what you want directly contradicts with core values of liberalism . 
  so you 're just assuming . 
  banning something based on assumption is what dictatorships does . 
   more secular , and provably so in its schools outside turkey , than president for life erdogan . 
  here 's another proof of you not knowing shit . 
  gulen ran away from turkey because his plans of taking over government and abolishing secularism surfaced . 
  his entire goal is turning turkey to an islamic republic with him ruling it . 
  his followers has been trying to kill kemalism in turkey for years longer than erdogan 's presidency . 
  in fact gulen is the second generation before him there was nurcu movement . 
  if you love islamists that much try moving suadi arabia because we do n't want that shit here . 
   you seriously see erdogan 's actions as secular movements in line with mustafa kemal 's vision ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  of course not however even with someone with half brain can see that gulen is worse . 
  erdogan to this day has never attempted to abolish secularism . 
  he 's an corrupt asshole and a criminal but he will not damage this country to the moment that it 's unfixable but gulen would . 
   come back in five years , or ten , when he 's still in power and tell me how you feel . 
  lol you do n't even know that erdogan is rulling this country for the last 14 years do you ? 
  come back after you read about some history and what 's happening in turkey the fact that you called cemaat secular islamic movement is enough for me to see that you barely know anything . 
  tell that to greece . 
  it 's not austria you 'll throw under the wagon it 's greece . 
  which does n't matter at all because turkey is part of r/europe . 
  the countries on the map at side are news r/europe accepts from . 
  you should edit your comment this is r/europe . 
  even if it was not your intention majority of people will think what you said is the truth, 
  lol look at this kid who does n't even know that coup ploters are islamists . 
  i did .
