  i mean if not wanting to murder them counts as a pro-lgbt sure he is but he would never bring same-sex marriage or protective rights to them . 
  look i am against death penalty but could europe stop using the eu accession card ? 
  we are not getting in regardless whether we have death penalty or not . 
   `` freedom for ocalan '' , referring to abdullah ocalan , the jailed leader of the militant kurdistan workers party ( pkk ) , with many waving flags featuring ocalan 's face . 
  i though apo 's face was banned in germany was that fake news ? 
  it is also stupid to call this an `` protest against erdogan '' when they are asking for the release of a terrorist leader . 
  this is just an obvious generic pkk rally hidden in guise of being against erdogan 's authoritarianism ... 
  they are taking advantage of current anti-erdogan stance europe has to push their agenda . 
  but the biggest group of people is furthest away from the stop . 
  man this is bizarre . 
  where does even bus stop ? 
  well just checked and you are right . 
  they still have legal problems though . 
  g\u00fclen not being behind it does not mean it is not gulenists who did it also calling gulenists a `` civil organisation '' is enough to not take someone seriously imo . 
  they are basically scientology on steroids and germany banned scientology but gulenists are fine for some reason ? 
   `` leader of the free world '' could we stop that . 
  i did n't realize we were talking about decent people here . 
  do n't see erdogan saying people to attack anyone as well . 
  the goal it to make your opponent use violence not you . 
  it is basic right-wing populist stuff . 
  i swear those tv dating shows are awful . 
  the fact that they are so popular really makes me cringe . 
  none actually . 
  satirists have it a lot better than journalists however they still get sued time to time . 
  they get hit time to time mainly for insulting religion but just pay a fine and continue doing it . 
  they are careful about not making comics that 'll land them in jail . 
  they used to get in by entering as independent candidates . 
  independents does not need to pass a threshold so as long as they won somewhere in the country they 'll get in to parliment . 
  kurds roughly make of % 15 of the county so they barely managed to squeeze in with % 10,7 of the votes in the last elections . 
  it was the first time kurds managed to enter the parliament as a party . 
  erdogan was right all along . 
  actually that 's because of the ridiclous threshold we got here which is % 10 for parties . 
  ldp would still get some votes if people believed that their votes will not go to waste . 
  he probably does n't want the lose the support of turkish goverment . 
  when your voters consists of people who support erdogan it is not a good idea to publicly condemn his statements . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_constitutional_referendum,_2017#opinion_polls sadly just after he started that dispute with netherlands polls started favoring him again ... 
  eh not really he is the guy who started peace process not too long ago % 90 kurds in turkey was voting for him . 
  he only dropped it because hdp came along and stole his kurdish voters . 
  erdogan is not a nationalist he is an islamist he does n't mind giving kurds what they wants . 
  you are correct ofc but we know moralism only goes so far otherwise western countries would n't keep dealing with suadi arabia . 
  assad being a ruthless dictator certainly makes harder for eu to back them but they would if sdf did n't exist to fight isis . 
  another atrocity from nazi dutch . 
  as a warrior of justice president erdogan will stop these fiends . 
  here 's my [ reasoning ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zcte0/turkey_vows_to_mobilize_islamic_world_against/dex8hw0/ ) . 
  there are 2 major parties in iraqi kurdistan . 
  puk and kdp . 
  kdp is the party that 's currently in power however in 1994 there was civil war between the two parties and pkk decided to back puk which lead to turkey intervening and siding with kdp . 
  because of this kdp is thankful to turkey and ally of us while being against pkk . 
  because of their stance to pkk . 
  basically pkk is a kurdish separatist terrorist organization from turkey . 
  they aided to syrian kurds agaist their fight with isis and basically allies with each other which is very bad for turkey because this means pkk can build camps in syrian kurdistan and conduct attacks on turkey without the fear of prosecution so turkey attacks syrian kurds to force them to abandon pkk while iraqi kurdistan 's current goverment is anti-pkk and even aids turkey 's fight against pkk . 
  no turkey is attacking syrian kurds . 
  iraqi kurdistan is quite close to turkey . 
  i swear i am answering this question for 3 . time . 
  i believe he should be prosecuted but putting him to jail would be pointless . 
  you are correct however it is kdp that holds the most power so in the end we can basically say turkey is an ally of iraqi kurdistan otherwise turkey also has several opposition parties that essentially make up half of the parliament that are not friend of say suadi arabia . 
  btw gorran is not exactly anti-turkey they are mix of both puk and kdp . 
  hard to predict but based on the [ current situation ] ( http://syriancivilwarmap.com/ ) syrian goverment will most likely get back all the parts of syria that 's currently occupied by isis . 
  kurds will keep most of the yellow area they however might leave some part to syrian goverment . 
  the rebels can not advance anymore however i highly doubt they 'll lose idlib . 
  the rebel pockets will most likely closed though by negotiations inexcheange of their safe passage to idlib . 
  and lastly the turkish occupied area will most likely stay under occupation for quite sime time . 
  they never would . 
  assad is too close to russia to get any support from eu . 
  i think he stopped caring about public image long ago as long as he can secure his place as dictator in turkey he 'll be fine . 
  no barzani and erdogan are literally best bros. . kurds are not united . 
  iraqi kurdistan is ally of turkey . 
  syrian kurdistan is not . 
  i mean by facebook standards just including the n word in your comment will get your post deleted regardless of context . 
  i experienced it first hand so saying i hate jews would certainly get your post removed if is reported . 
  no turkey is attacking [ ypg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people's_protection_units ) . 
  iraqi kurdistan goverment is close allies of akp . 
  [ peshmarga ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peshmerga ) is army of iraqi kurds not syrian kurds turkey is not fighting them . 
  well it is unlikely for rebels to win however it is also unlikely for syrian goverment to be able to take remaining rebel strongholds like idlib . 
  syria will most likely split in to three . 
  referendum is coming the polls show `` no '' is winning . 
  erdogan is desperate he is trying to provoke europe so they would make public statements supportive of no voters which then he 'll use it as propaganda by saying `` europeans does n't want the referendum pass because they do n't want a strong turkey ! '' . 
  and it is already working we started getting articles from western media about referendum very heavily favoring no vote that was basically nonexistent 2 days ago despite the referendum date being declared months ago . 
  anyway erdogan always makes up with countries he starts dispute with someway like he did with russia and isreal i suspect he thinks he can to do it with dutch as well . 
  currently suadi arabia , iraqi kurdistan , qatar , palastine , kuwait , pakistan and lebanon . 
  syria might become one too if rebels win the civil war . 
  basically every middle-eastern country that 's not iran 's allies plus egypt . 
  if you think it is only erdogan supporters who hate pkk terrorists you are severely mistaken or very uninformed . 
  well at least this one is more logical than calling the dutch nazis . 
  i think erdogan just found out about google . 
  it was hard to take nazi comments seriously but dutch will certainly will be offended this time . 
  yes but they still exist as he just listed . 
  dude people are whining about us all the time not sure what you are talking about and french president is not like erdogan . 
  if they ever elect a maniac like us they would be all around news too . 
  because they do . 
  you guys overestimate erdogan 's power . 
  he is doing the referandum to get power without using loopholes all the time in the first place . 
  if he did not care about the result he would n't lose his shit over polls favoring no and would n't have made up a stupid dispute with dutch . 
  while elections in turkey are not fair since erdogan has control over media and prevents the opposition from campaigning as much as possible the elections itself are real . 
  if it indeed turns out to be no his hands will be basically tied and it 'll give the confidence the opposition parties desperately needs . 
  please nazis have [ types ] ( https://i.redd.it/e8lm5jocm8ly.jpg ) . 
  with this simple retarded logic . 
  `` pkk , europe etc wants the referendum to not pass so if it passes it must be good for us ! '', 
  this is what happens when politics turn from trying to improve your nation to showing the opposition who 's boss . 
  i would n't worry much knowing erdogan this stupid crises will end in a few days .
