  cutting electricity of cites , rigging elections and now stealing the spot at g20 ? 
  dude i do n't remember france deciding to invade syria yet hold on your conspiracy theories . 
  it 's nice to hear some good news these days . 
  when facebook and twitter were banned the traffic was significantly decreased . 
  so apparently it does work despite it being so easy to bypass . 
   watching atrocities like suruc and doing nothing is not a viable option for the pkk if they just waited the end of the elections instead of taking innocent cops life as a retaliation all of this would be over now . 
  this is n't a fucking game pkk 's pride is the reason that we going the re-live this 30 year old brutal war . 
  why do n't pkk target erdogan himself and actually do some good ? 
  instead of killing innocent people ? 
  half of their victims are kurds mind you . 
  my friends big brother got killed by pkk and he was kurdish . 
   it is ironic how erdogan got so many turkish nationalists vote for his policies that are destroying everything they love and value before everyone 's eyes . 
  nationalists are stupid . 
  these are the people who celebrate when the bombs go on . 
  they are so high on pan-turkism that they literally believe the whole world is decedent of turks and people who deny it are `` bastards '' ( i literally saw a graffiti yesterday that say `` you 're either a turk or a bastard '' ) . 
  these people would watch the turkey burn if it 's going to destroy pkk . 
   i am not much interested in kurds . 
  i am interested in modernisation and secularisation of the middle east . 
  you 're doing it wrong then . 
  pkk is the reason why turkey is yet again at the mercy of erdogan and his lackeys . 
  if pkk was smart enough to not to take the akp 's bait . 
  he would n't be able to stop the peace process and restart the war hence he would n't be able to take votes from nationalist turks for the war against pkk . 
  without the nationalists ' votes turkey would have forced to coalition government and it would probably be a akp-chp one and chp would have halted the islamization of turkey but sadly pkk ruined everything and now they 're going to both destroy themselves and drag turkey with them . 
  i forgot you were delusional . 
  my mistake ... also i did n't say you were getting hammered i said ypg/pkk . 
  go in to twitter and check major accounts of kurdish terrorists and their sympathizers . 
  all of them are trying to divert to world 's attention to them so the rest of the world might do something about it also i know you live in germany and basically sit on your pc writing crap and think you 're helping to kurds . 
  i really feel bad for the kurds they 're playing with fire , erdogan is crazy . 
  he does n't even feel remorse when he orders the murder of his own citizens if he goes on a full assault to ypg there would be nothing left . 
  the military is already at his control and his opposition sucks . 
   in silvan the turkish military for the first time was unable to take a town defended only by local youth . 
  by the way silvan is cleared yesterday all the terrorists has been either killed or arrested and the curfew got lifted . 
  pkk wo n't be able to ruin the citizens of silvan 's life anymore . 
  lol chill mate . 
  rojava 's fault was siding with pkk . 
  if they had the same attitude with iraqi kurdistan towards pkk turkey would have even supported them . 
  just like how they support peshmarga . 
  apparently screaming on twitter that you 're being hammered by turkey does n't really make the world leaders to help you . 
  if you know anybody from ypg tell them next time they should n't side with terrorists when they 're the weaker side . 
  if they look at the history they 'll see that only super powers can support terrorists and get away with it, 
  ah you must be part of the `` i only read titles '' squad . 
  go do some proper research about the region before making a fool of yourself . 
  politics change faster than you can imagine . 
  it 's also quite ironic an englishmen is saying this . 
  a guy from the country that did absolutely nothing against isis yet . 
  uk 's role in combined joint task force is a joke . 
  at least tony blair admitted they helped the creation and rise of isis with their war . 
  i was already called raider in gezi protests might as well become a terrorist now . 
  i might even get a code name ... 
  lol no we just do n't enter wars in a whim anymore . 
  the last time we entered was a disaster ( wwi ) . 
  every major power can destroy isis all by themselves but why do they not do it ? 
  i think the reason is quite apparent ... 
  they are and they 're even allied with pkk which is why turkey is hostile towards them but ypg is a bit more different it consists of various ethnicities there are even americans in their ranks and these people mostly joined to protect their homes , families etc from isis not to fight for some pan-kurdish dream so i 'm more sympathetic towards them . 
  not really . 
  i 'm pretty sure most turks hate both them both equally but which one being the biggest threat is still up for debate . 
  also please stop referring pkk as just kurds . 
  it 's offensive to hundreds of kurdish soldiers in tsk ( turkish armed forces ) that lost their lives to pkk terrorism . 
  bypassing the ban is n't an criminal act as far as i know . 
  it 's just there to prevent technologically illiterate folk from accessing it . 
  hey guys i 'm a criminal now . 
  it 's not that simple turkish military is strictly for defense . 
  calling an invasion on syria without nato is basically a political suicide . 
  we 're also a bit scared since isis are terrorists the moment we go in every major city in turkey will get a suicide bomber . 
  if nato decides to invade he does n't have much choice we 're the only nato member that 's bordering isis he has to co-operate even if he rather let isis destroy rojava . 
   what do you think about the fact that isis is being supplied from across the turkish border , and isis soldiers go to turkish hospitals for help ? 
  all of these are old news now . 
  after the suruc bombing all support to isis was cut off , the borders were tightened , isis started getting bombed alongside pkk and the incirlik airbase was opened to anti-isis coalition . 
  akp might be assholes and have blood on their hands but they 're not retarded enough to support a group that openly hostile to them . 
   but the border between turkey and is-controlled syria is open for jihadists to go shopping in turkey , smuggle weapons , and freely sell oil . 
  according to many , ( passive ) support to is is turkey 's way of fighting the kurds and assad . 
  again outdated information . 
  akp is sponsoring the [ turkmen groups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_turkmen_brigades ) in civil war now but mind you akp is still hostile towards pyd . 
  yes we 're literally bordering isis and they wo n't go away by themselves . 
  the longer they stay the more they 're going to spread their sick ideology to the world . 
  if nato decides for a military campaign we 're sure to join in . 
  there is no point in kidding ourselves . 
  akp might have rigged the elections but no way they can cheat % 10 of the votes without getting detected . 
  akp played the pkk terrorism card masterfully and managed to snag shit load of votes from mhp . 
  sadly we turks get very emotional when pkk is involved and ca n't think straight . 
  pff people who use reddit in turkey already use dns all the time . 
   they are secular and progressive , ethnic kurdish or worst off all secular , progressive and ethnic kurdisch at the same time . 
  lol this is n't r/worldnews mate you ca n't make people believe to your bullshit claims here . 
  you really think eu cares if we deny it or not ? 
  our candidacy existed years before erdogan came to power and yet we still did n't get in so it would be untrue to blame erdogan for turkey not being in eu . 
  eu already bordered several warring countries before and still do ( ukraine ) so i do n't think this is such a big problem also despite turkey not being in eu we 're treated as eu 's gatekeeper anyway . 
   no , turkey is a muslim country that had a secular dictatorship imposed on it by europeans for a long time . 
  do n't fucking touch my raki . 
  turkey does n't have death penalty since 2004 and no executions were carried since 1984 . 
  they passed and settled to germany no ? 
  even if % 100 eu population wanted turkey to be in eu we still would n't get in . 
  the reasons are much much deeper . 
  and here you 're doing the same thing that those articles does . 
  you 're trying to make it sound like akp bombs them because they 're secular . 
  what you do is basically like calling isis religious syrians . 
  need a better source to see what 's exactly going on in silvan . 
  the title is basically click bait right now . 
  this article is no different that `` turkey bombs kurds '' articles . 
  why do n't you make that call to the both sides reuters ? 
  that still means quite popular .
