  another proof of reddit making stuff sound much worse than it really is . 
  wish turkey was included as well there are some highschools with saint on their name . 
  this is just horrible i really do n't know what to say ... 
  this one is more like a mentally ill crazy person instead of someone who 's too high on jihadism in fact she apparently took hard drugs as well . 
  yeah ... 
  i mean they say it 's 4.5 g but do n't know if it really is . 
  someone please kill me . 
  what have we done to deserve this ... ? 
  your ignorance is speaking once again . 
  planes land inside to a country they do n't stop at the borders for paper check . 
  so the required documents has to be confirmed before to avoid complications and for security reasons . 
  now try driving towards to border of a country and see if anybody stops you to ask if you got the right to pass to the neighboring country . 
  let me answer for you nobody will stop you until you reach the border and it 's where you 'll need to show your authorization for entry . 
   oh , so you will be ok , if we build a massive multi-lane slide on greek side if you were able to do something like this you would have done it dozens of times by now . 
  tell your smart plan to greece and let 's see what happens . 
  i would n't even be mad ...  and starting pushing migrants to turkey ? 
  and there your ignorance speaking once again . 
  if you do that turkey would be forced to take action . 
  the migrants in turkey pass to europe on their own account . 
  turkey does n't put them on boats or buses and drives them to europe they pay with their own money , risk their own life and make this decision by themselves . 
  yours would be forced displacement which could be easily carried to an international court . 
  it would be a good way to acquire the money we were seeking from eu actually so good plan you got there mate . 
   because that 's what turkey has done . 
  just the slide is replaced by protected smugglers operation . 
  nice lie there pal do you have any source on that ? 
  ofc not because it 's bullshit . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/german-turkish-police-arrest-15-in-migrant-smuggler-raids-1453304959 https://euobserver.com/migration/131321 http://www.eubusiness.com/news-eu/europe-migrants.15z9 http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-europe-migrants-germany-turkey-idukkcn0uy26f http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/istanbul-court-arrests-16-over-human-smuggling-into-europe.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=91682&amp;newscatid=509 http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2016-01-20/germany-turkey-arrest-35-in-raids-against-traffickers https://www.europol.europa.eu/content/newsletter-eighteen-arrested-smuggling-and-abusing-migrants-dominican-republic, 
  that 's got ta be satire . 
  do n't bother with him the guy has no idea what the hell he 's talking about . 
  it 's also very odd how he 's getting upvoted because people who 're in this sub debate about refugees all the time yet it seems like there are scary amount of people here who do n't even know how the most basic stuff works . 
  damn in turkey i keep seeing ads about how 4.5 g is coming soon but i did n't know it was that fast ... 
   if turkey knows that they are economic migrants it has the obligation to stop them . 
  that makes zero sense . 
  i really wonder what were you thinking when you wrote this . 
   no one should pass to eu without proper visa . 
  that 's your job ... are we supposed do your own border controls now ? 
   if turkey can not control its borders , maybe it is time to invite external military force and give authority to them ... hm ? 
  good idea , or not very much ? 
  you 're either extremely confused or have no idea what the hell are you talking about . 
  this is simply the must ridiclous thing i have read in the entire day . 
  it 's europe who needs to control their borders you dum-dum . 
  you 're the ones who 're complaining about these people . 
  if you did n't want them why did you take them in then ? 
  if it was intentional then deal with them , if it was not well then i guess `` it is time to invite external military force and give authority to them ... 
  good luck with that . 
   good thing is that eu can undertake management , unlike in the turkish camps . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's a satire or not but the refugee camps in turkey are light-years better than european camps . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/16/magazine/how-to-build-a-perfect-refugee-camp.html the problem is there is not enough room for all refugees in the camps and expanding them are very expensive ... 
  oh so they 're refugees now . 
  i thought they were economic migrants ? 
  what changed ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's merely business . 
  refugees want to go europe yet we 're holding them and you do n't want refugees . 
  we need help with refugees and this is the only way europe will come around to help us . 
  also i do n't understand how could we blackmail europe in the first place even if turkey puts the refugees on buses and drives them to the eu 's border . 
  whether you take them is still up to you it 's not like turkey can force them in to your nation . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  what you gon na do when they pile up on your borders eventually ? 
  you want to close the borders ? 
  alright but you got ta at least help the countries that are not closing their borders . 
  instead of everybody freaking blaming eachother or trying to dump the refugees to eachother maybe if we get together we can reach to a solution . 
  i really wonder what kind of music was he listening ... 
  i thought isis only allowed hymns . 
  every country . 
  they 're your citizens you either gon na strip their citizenship after confirming they were involved in with a terrorist group which is against human rights or you 'll take them in and prosecute them according to your nation 's laws . 
  immunity . 
  glad to see he 's standing up to erdogan . 
  he was seen as a weak opposition for the last 10 years ... 
  someone should have told the germans that mein kampf is boring as fuck ... 
  why ? 
  the article clearly states that % 60 of these 800 are german nationals and they know they 're heading for isis so if you already know they are going to join isis why leave it to us ? 
  [ also hundreds of people arrested everyday already ] ( http://en.mehrnews.com/news/114680/turkey-arrests-259-isil-members-in-syrian-border ) i just asked why europe letting these people knowingly leave . 
  what 's stopping them to return as a terrorist to blow up berlin ? 
  the recent attack on ankara happened with this logic the guy went to syria and returned as a refugee then made his terrorist attack in ankara . 
  nah he 's just someone who would say or do anything to get the power he wants . 
  he was pro-eu back in that day which is why he was supportive of lgbt rights but now he embraced neo-ottomanism . 
  if they 're aware of those people going to join isis why are they not stopped ? 
  europe blames us for not stopping these people yet why are they not taking care of their own citizens ? 
  man why you got ta post this here ? 
  :( i already cringed to this several times already . 
  so true ... erdogan doing the same mistake the pakistan did ... let 's hope we get out of this mess with the least damage . 
  damn that sucks ... rip innocent victims ... 
  i mean they ransomed prisoners before ... 
  when kurds and turks immigrated to netherlands there were no conflict . 
  because westerners never do stuff like this ... / s some idiot just broke the windows of the cultural center calm your tits down there is n't a all-out ethnic war . 
  who said terrorism was not a brilliant tactic ? 
  you could beat a larger enemy with terrorism that 's the whole point . 
   this is just typically hypocritical . 
  by that logic all kurds should hate turkey for all the things that the turks have done to them oh and still do ... 
  they should hold that grudge just like you do . 
  what we still do exactly ? 
  if you want to hate turks for the past events go ahead just do n't mix it with present ...  the kurds have no reason to join the pkk right ? 
  oh right !, 
  not anymore they do n't . 
  i do n't see a single valid reason for pkk to exist in 2016 . 
  turks and kurds have full equal rights pkk is only fueling racism ...  turks are very secular and democratic why do n't you help us at that ? 
  in eastern turkey the main secular and democratic opposition chp does n't get any votes only hdp and akp gets over threshold which leads to akp getting shit load of ministers from there . 
  maybe if kurds cooperated with the rest of us we would could halt the islamization of turkey . 
  also do n't act like most kurds are not conservative muslims , they 're .
