  an unsourced statement from wikipedia is no diffrent than a reddit comment . 
  not saying you 're wrong or anything i 'm not really informed about this topic but wikipedia is never a good source for an argument . 
  they do n't have to be eye witnesses just 4 men who would say that you would n't have sex without marriage or supports your story in court would be enough even your brothers etc is fine as far as i know . 
  otherwise this rule would be not just be horrible it would be silly since in what instance 4 men witness a rape while they 're not involved ? 
  nobody says islamic law is n't backwards and patriarchal but by that logic it would be impossible to convict anybody of rape . 
  i do n't know how law works in qatar but in islamic law you would n't get jailed for getting raped in fact the rapist would get executed however i think you need male witnesses to prove that you infact got raped . 
  still fucked up though ... 
  i still think bah\u00e7eli is more retarded and crazy than erdogan he 's is basically senile ... back then he was in favor of nationalist youth beating anybody who 's `` chinese looking '' because apparently it 's hard to differentiate asians . 
   a new kurdistan is inevitable . 
  why ? 
  i can think of like 100 diffrent scenarios with no kurdistan and even if kurdistan really happens it 'll be a landlocked nation who pissed everybody around themselves and will eventually forced to cooperate with their neighbors to survive . 
   and after that turkey will be split . 
  kurdistan being founded in turkey is almost impossible . 
  there is only one scenario where kurds get independence in turkey and that 's if russia comes and invades turkey which would most likely lead to liberation of turkish kurdistan . 
  no respectable person reads g\u00fcne\u015f though ... akp 's main newspaper is sabah . 
  i 'm scared of going in to r/europe these days ... 
  damn i do n't know how we manage to figure out these elaborate ways of embarrassing ourselves . 
  however you should consider the fact that in schools it 's taught as not genocide . 
  there are many people who really hate erdogan but deny the genocide . 
  most people just do n't care and if asked they 'll just repeat what they were taught in school which is `` it was a deportion that turned to tragedy not genocide '' . 
   the difference is that he turkish side dont acknowledge the armenian genocide because of some kind of ` pride ' , the german side simply does n't want to pay compensations . 
  ummm ... that 's the reason armenian genocide denied in the first place . 
  you seem to not aware but turkey actually were to first to recognize the genocide . 
  the young turks were charged with genocide and treason and they were sentenced to death . 
  the denial started after and becuase of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_territorial_claims_against_turkey ) . 
  i do n't know who told you that that we deny the genocide because of pride or some retarded shit at least not at the national scale . 
  lol says the georgian . 
  that did n't stop us years ago and it 'll not stop us now . 
  do n't worry i 'll pay you a visit , 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about free-visa acess will only allowed with biometric passports which are almost impossible to fake . 
  so no life of smugglers wo n't change and maybe you should worry about islamists that are actually eu citizens before worrying about foreign ones . 
  did n't they already do that ? 
  i 'm really confused what is erdogan trying to do ? 
  man this comic always makes me laugh . 
  exactly so could we please stop caring about it ? 
  erdogan would be proud . 
  well hurriyet at least did n't write an article with a retarded tu quoque argument . 
  hurriyet is the opposition 's newspaper btw ... 
   sozcu takes a very solid place against recognising the genocide . 
  i know but that logical fallacy is massive . 
  you do n't have to sound like a massive retard to deny the genocide . 
  like drawing merkel like hitler is just childish ... 
  5 of them are pro-akp newspapers that i expected titles like this but i would have expected more from s\u00f6zc\u00fc and h\u00fcrriyet . 
  like wtf is that logical fallacy ? 
  i have never seen a tu quoque this bad ... 
  islam is n't but according to some middle east is . 
  basically akp 's supporters believe that we could create an ottoman style union in middle east . 
  not sure how would we do that without going full ussr since erdogan made entire middle east except suadi arabia hate us . 
  there 's also the ones who want a turkic union which sounds more plausible to me since we already have a [ turkic council ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_council ) it could evolve to something like eu if we tried . 
  lol akp government is the most hypocritical son of bitches you can encounter on this planet . 
  if they accuse someone of doing something chances are they already done that at least 100 of times . 
  wtf does that even mean ? 
   i 've read about turks demonstrating in germany against this decision . 
  those two are very different the main problem here is his argument is embarrassingly ridiclous compared to protesters where they just claim there was no genocide . 
  this retard on the other hand making the worst tu quoque possible . 
  i 'm we 're talking about germany here ... 
  you underestimate how easy we get offended . 
  it was n't closed down in the end article 301 of the turkish penal code is applied to more extreme cases not something like this . 
  that 's not true . 
  correct but our government did n't went up on stage and shit talked europeans back in the day like this . 
  i do n't have much love for most european countries as well but there was n't a campaign to make them dislike them before . 
  which was all a ruse . 
  after 2002 we stopped electing pro-eu governments . 
  anybody who thinks this is a pride matter has no idea how this denial started in the first place . 
  because the ankara government was outlawed by the sultan himself . 
  young turks were secular as well though ... 
  it was n't the caliph that did the genocide . 
  lol wtf it 's not russia who recognized the genocide it 's fucking germany they 're like one of the few countries in the world that own up most of their crimes . 
  seriously we have no argument just shut the fuck it 's been more than 100 years . 
  a recognition after 100 years does n't mean shit . 
   do the turks really think that we will ever allow turkey into the eu with this kind of incendiary and insulting behavior coming from the top of their country ? 
  do europeans not aware that turkey 's attempts to enter eu has ended in freaking 2002 ? 
  thanks for pointing out that you 're racist beforehand so i do n't need to waste my time answering to your comment at the top, 
  i 'm butthurt for wanting it to recognized sooner and want it done as a gesture to the descendants of the victims not for political reasons ? 
  dude does n't even recognize it as a genocide what he said was deportation was an ordinary even in war not genocide . 
  tbh recognizing after more than 100 years does n't really mean much and when a country turns anti-turkey armenian genocide is suddenly recognized when turkey had better relations with european nations nobody was trying to recognize the genocide yet in a few years dozens of european nations recognized it so this makes me believe that these people do this to piss of turkey not because they give any fucks about the descendants of the victims . 
  really hate the politicization of historical atrocities but anyway good for your germany . 
  edit : lol i 'm getting downvoted for telling the truth . 
  yeah all those countries that recognized the genocide in 2015-2016 just did n't have the time to do it for the last 100 years . 
  deterioration of the relations with turkey has nothing to do with it at all . 
  i 'm an single atheist . 
  however my mother wears it and i have never seen my father force her to wear it . 
  in turkey headscarves were banned in government buildings and universities back in the day and because of this my mother was unable to come to my graduation ceremony because she was n't confortable without her headscarf is that the type of freedom you want ? 
  i know many women who wear it and if they were forced to they would just remove it when they 're away from the sight of their father/husband . 
   i am really surprised that i even have to type it out to so many people , but do you realize that these kind of head-wears are not voluntary fashion choices ? 
  yes they are i lived in a country that banned headscarves for years i have more experience about this then you women expressed millions of times that they want to wear it . 
  some wear it because it makes them not worry about their hair , some wear it for religious reasons and some wear it for cultural reasons and some wear it because why the fuck not but in the end the ones who wear it by choice override the ones who 're forced to . 
   they are there to signal that the wearers are not full-righted members of the society and to also hide certain facial features to make them less attractive . 
  headscarves does not cover your face and you sound so freaking self righteous . 
  who the hell you think you 're that you know what 's better for women then themselves ? 
  and apparently you have master degree in attractiveness . 
  some might find it more attractive hell some women might wear to be less attractive not everybody likes attention of the opposite sex otherwise all women would go out with skimpy outfits . 
   do you really think that it does not harm the equality of women ? 
  only one who 's harming the equality is you . 
  you 're in favor of banning women from wearing a certain clothing simply because of your opinions you ca n't get more orwellian than that . 
  what 's next ? 
  banning saying `` allahu akbar '' because it 's the phase used in terrorism ? 
   damn , if blonde men would be obliged that they would need to dye their hair black from tomorrow because they are deemed too attractive , i would say the same thing . 
  but they are n't are they ? 
  and neither are the muslim women .
