   the same goes for russia and most other countries , it 's not like the russian military is any more trustworthy than the russian government . 
  russian military has no way of knowing if the plane actually violated the turkey 's airspace or not . 
  they just have the alive pilot 's testimony . 
   or does the turkish military act independently of the turkish government ? 
  mostly yeah . 
  i highly doubt davutoglu gave the order to shoot the jet himself . 
   ahh , bombing the kurds ( those who fight is ) it 's not a freaking rocket science israel bombs hezbollah while they 're fighting isis . 
  usa bombs al-qaeda while they 're fighting isis . 
  russia bombs syrian rebels while they 're fighting isis , nato bombs assad while they 're fighting isis . 
  fighting isis does not make you a good guy everybody does that . 
  syria is welcome to shoot turkish jets in fact they already did once . 
  turkey has agreement with iraqi government to bomb pkk camps there so they are n't violating iraq 's airspace . 
  greece is an entirely different matter turkey has their own version of airspace borders and territorial waters . 
  google aegean dispute . 
   so the many many times the turkish government it is n't turkish government that says jet violated the airspace and they warned it 10 times it 's the turkish armed forces ( tsk ) report . 
  they have no reason to lie and have lots of hard evidence and witnesses like dutch and american pilots that heard the warnings . 
  you can only argue about if it was necessary to shoot it since 17 seconds does n't sound that much . 
   just , please , do n't hide your face . 
  read the article the nikab and burka are singled out . 
  they learned from our ultra-nationalists well i see . 
  no but saying west has nothing to do with it is basically a lie . 
  i was checking the authors other articles to see how reliable he is and i was not impressed . 
  his articles is like comments in r/worldnews . 
  the shot down jet was not even heading to bomb jihadists . 
  man this article is so shit that just mentioning the facts is enough to see it 's some conspiracy bullshit . 
  edit : lol just checked the author 's other articles and found this little [ gem ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/blame-iraq-not-america-for-sectarian-civil-war-8533134.html ) . 
  lol guess what apparently the russians on that video are different and one of the pilots has been rescued . 
  guess who is talking out of his ass now ? 
   by that logic , germany has no responsibility for the nazis . 
  lol no ottoman empire was a monarchy that modern turkish government was against and expelled them in the end both ottoman empire and mordern turkey existed for brief amount of time as well while nazi germany was an elected government . 
  if erdogan does something crazy for example turkey would be responsible we 're not responsible for an coup + monarchy government that ruled this land 100 years ago . 
   playing the devils advocate - pkk is fighting state that has been responsible for genocide of more than million of people . 
  so it 's basically justified to fight any major country in the world since all of them committed some sort of genocide right ? 
  that 's a special case google aegean dispute the airspaces in the aegean sea is not that clear . 
  also for some reason the person who created that graph intentionally excluded greece 's airspace violations . 
   you have an active occupation of european territory going . 
  cyprus was not in eu when turkey invaded her so the occupied part was never an eu territory . 
   if you expect europeans to give a shit about your welfare , you 're barking up the wrong tree . 
  we generally do n't like occupiers . 
  yeah that 's why half of european 's i have seen are cheering for russia in syrian civil war . 
  putinjerk is a thing now . 
  russia shot down plenty of us aircraft that violated their airspace in cold war . 
  in turkey ? 
  sure ... 
  you do n't need an equal force to win a defensive warfare . 
  as long as there is no nukes involved turkey can very well hold on . 
  turkish military is n't that bad ... 
  do you know how many bombings you can make in 17 seconds with a jet ? 
  let me give you a hint a lot . 
  2 turkish civilians literally got injured from the pieces that fell from the aircraft . 
  claiming that it was in syria 's airspace is non-factual also pretty stupid . 
  i was n't defending i was informing people . 
  since the graph is one sided . 
   the `` alliance '' is just a product of their mutual distrust so ? 
  we 're still allies that 's all that matters neither side going to attack each other in any circumstance while russia has been bullying their neighbors for ages so they 're always a threat especially if you let them run over you by not even giving shit about your airspace . 
  they 're militants do n't expect them to play by rules especially in a war where war crimes are everywhere . 
  you 're right it 's shitty thing to do and also a war crime which is why it would have been better if they captured them . 
  no one is saying syria ca n't shoot down turkish jets . 
  they can certainly try hell they even shoot one before but that was before the civil war erupted . 
  we do have democracy but not a working one since the population is filled with idiots . 
  i 'm sure you 're smart enough to see the difference . 
  turkish jets that violate greece 's airspace are n't going to bomb anywhere and both countries are allies . 
  they also leave in instant compared to russian jet that violated turkey 's airspace 10 times in 5 minutes . 
  you must have played too much civ5 mate . 
  welp thanks for correction i was n't aware of this . 
  i still fail to see your point please explain how is this related to airspace violations also cyprus dispute is a lot more complicated than `` turkey just invaded '' . 
  dude there is a new pro-pkk post here in every week while still compared to r/worldnews it 's a bit more moderate . 
  poeple here mostly think ypg and pkk are diffrent entities so ypg is good guys while pkk is bad . 
   clear cut war crime . 
  will turkey be arresting the terrorists that were responsible so that they can be brought before the hague ? 
  i think you 're a bit confused this happened in syria and the ones who supposedly shoot the pilots were syrian turkmens . 
  why the hell should we arrest them ? 
  also russians has been bombing turkmens for a week now while the syrian government advances towards their position so they 're already fighting . 
  turkmens had all the right to be hostile to russian soldiers in fact the plane was heading towards the turkmen mountains so it was probably going to bomb them . 
  still they should have captured the pilots instead of shooting them . 
   it 's pretty sad that the turks ( as well as the rest of us ) are backing terror groups that commit just as many atrocities as assad 's regime . 
  we 're talking about turkmen brigade here what atrocities they have committed exactly ? 
  do n't try to paint everyone with a same color there are at least 100 different rebel groups in syria . 
  it 's not confirmed turkmen commander said they fired towards the pilots but no body has been found yet . 
  and your point is ? 
  also cyprus was not an eu territory when turkey invaded her . 
  now post the greece 's violations and you 'll see that it 's same in average . 
  the airspace violations between us is so common that it 's literally how jets practice for years . 
   yea , in all 15 seconds it got the warnings . 
  15 seconds ? 
  tsk offically claimed that they have waited 5 minutes before shooting the russian jet and apparently in these 5 minutes the russian plane entered the airspace 10 times . 
  it 's obvious the russians were circulating the area and did n't care the warnings of tsk . 
  us plane would n't have refused to answer the warnings and explain it 's business . 
  what did pornography do to religious people that all of them hate it ? 
  hate on pornography is like one of the only things that all major religions agree on . 
  this is troubling i was n't aware the terror threat was this bad in belgium . 
  and you guys wonder why erdogan keeps wining the election ... 
   ypg is a militant force ofc they would accept . 
  peshmerga is basically a nation 's military . 
  sorry i forgot the the dot i meant ypg would ofc accept people coming to join them while peshmarga would n't since they are a professional millitary force . 
  ypg is a militant force ofc they would accept . 
  peshmerga on the other hand is basically a nation 's military . 
  money . 
  they fund their cause by [ drug smuggling ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/diplomacy_pkk-dominates-european-drug-trafficking-report-says_279118.html ) . 
  peshmerga is a professional military force i do n't think they accept people outside of citizens of iraqi kurdistan .
