  yeah sure mate ... 
  there is not even one instance of majority of population staying and fighting the invaders in the entire history of humankind . 
  cool of that patriotism a bit and get real . 
  turkey is one of the most nationalist countries in the world the millitary service is literally seen as passage to manhood and even i can safely say that most of the population would ran away in an occupation . 
  lol calm down alexander . 
  i really do n't care about but you overestimate your own countrymen . 
  in a hypothetical scenario where turkey invades the greek islands % 90 of the inhabitants would just ran to mainland greece . 
  why would we even take greece [ neo-ottomanism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neo-ottomanism ) is all about middle-east . 
  there is literally no point in invading greece it is also an impossible scenario without a world war . 
  it is though ... lausanne was a great victory for turks but islamist fuck heads shit on it because they do n't want to praise ataturk who secularized turkey . 
  i believe this is mostly a cultural thing . 
  always found it funny that in paradox games orthodox church ca n't call for crusade . 
  no thank you i want to stay far far away from religion . 
  because we did n't have enough jihad already . 
  man it is sad to hear stuff like this from our only decent neighbor ... 
  and ofc they are the students of theology . 
  fucking assholes go to pakistan or suadi arabia if you want that bullshit . 
  i already feel bad for the children of these people . 
  that implies like every overweight person will eventually become obese ... 
  bullshit article i 'm looking everywhere but i ca n't find when or where he said that . 
  it is freedom of speech but the bad part of it there is reason why many european countries ban nazi symbols and gestures . 
  sweden is also included so it is kinda hypocritical . 
  i can understand making normal shahada flag legal but isis flag is too specific that only reason someone would fly it is because they support isis . 
  lol a brit is saying this . 
  the irony meter is of the charts . 
  yeah man we 're funding the folks that we are currently fighting even after numerous terrorists attacks . 
  amazing logic dude keep that up . 
  also here 's a tip next time read your sources a bit to not get yourself emberessed this much . 
   `` the many expressions of solidarity and support actions for the egyptian mb [ muslim brotherhood ] , hamas and the armed islamist opposition groups in syria by the ruling ak party and president erdo\u011fan emphasize the ideological affinity with the muslim brotherhood , '' the ministry statement said . 
  nowhere in the report isis is mentioned and turkey 's support for rest of the groups are no secret and if you knew anyting you would know that we 're not alone in this there is a good list of western countries who are supporting islamist rebels in syria alongside us . 
  polls are not a good way to judge turks . 
  we 're not honest . 
  eeven if the polling is anonymous we turks will almost always say the things that are socially accepted as right even if we do n't agree personally for example look at [ this ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/a-study-reveals-how-many-europeans-wash-their-hands-with-soap/ ) 94 % of turks absolutely does not wash their hands leaving the bathroom especially not with soap . 
  people just say they do because that 's the right thing and homosexuality is socially not accepted in turkey hence you should say you do n't accept it either . 
  anyway i agree this video is not representative of all turkey about this topic because if this was done in another part of country you would get a lot different answers . 
  i would say the reality is the middle ground of both . 
  most people wo n't care if you 're gay or not as long as you do n't hit on them however most people also not accept that their son or daughter being gay . 
  highly doubt it . 
  these days we fight though proxies ... 
  west wo n't care one bit in fact most of the west will be okay with it since it 'll allow europe a place to send refugees back to . 
  european squabbles led to biggest wars though ... 
  implying there is any faction that seriously tries to defeat isis without an ulterior motive except maybe assad . 
  everybody has their own goal and reason to fight them i 'm baffled why people single out turkey . 
  i hope you know that ypg does not fight isis because they are evil jihadists they do it to secure enough land so that they can force assad to give them autonomy or independence when the time comes . 
  there is a reason why they refuse to go for raqqa . 
   and officialy give pkk safe heaven and some out-of-papers financial and military funding . 
  they already do though not the military funding part but pkk presence in iraq is not a new thing . 
   it has been already proposed by multiple iraqi shia politicians and its not unpopular idea in baghdad . 
  much less in basra , najaf or karbala . 
  highly doubt it . 
  the last time a neighboring country tried to sponsor pkk we almost went to war ( syria ) . 
  you underestimate how emotional turks get when it comes down to pkk . 
  i do not think iraq would want to rally the turkish population against them . 
  so there is not much iraq can do other than trying to liberate mosul themselves as fast as possible erdogan knows this which is why they acts extra douchy towards them . 
  this is legit the ugliest building i have seen . 
  it obviously is . 
  op wanted to see how many people he can trigger . 
   last month a warsaw university lecturer was beaten on a tram for speaking german . 
  damn did n't know this also happened . 
  hoping it is just a stupid joke . 
  lmao i wrote it wrong . 
  i 'm pretty sure antalya and mugla does n't count europe . 
  why specifically mention those two propaganda is everywhere these days and i would say isis and russian propaganda are the least harmful of them because most people in the west at least are already biased against those two and reluctant to believe anything they say . 
  there are unofficial kurdish names of some provinces . 
  well at least you 're honest about pkk being terrorists . 
  i always had my suspicions but i guess terrorists really does n't care one bit about their comrades since you seem to be totally okay with suicide attacks . 
  considering how much erdogan has been fucking up lately not really . 
  we turks change our opinions quite fast when shit starts to get inconvenient for us . 
  for example the jet crises caused a lot of people in tourism sector to never vote for erdogan again and literally forced erdogan to change the current prime minister . 
  considering how long this has been going on i doubt nato cares . 
  it is open for me and i live in turkey however i use google dns . 
  google drive is open now the rest will get unblocked soon as well . 
  this is n't social media business owners will be pissed an can only tolerate this for few days at most . 
  we 're truly a bizzare country like i understand that erdogan trying to conceal the leaks but why the flying fuck they got ta block the entire site ? 
  i mean they blocked youtube once because of a 1 video and they blocked imgur because of 1 picture . 
  also bypassing the bans is extremely easy and if anyone cares about leaks they already know how to bypass and access it like i do n't even see the point . 
  they just block it in turkey they do n't actually remove the posts . 
  honestly i do n't blame twitter why bother with erdogan and his shit brothers anybody who uses internet in turkey is expert to bypass bans anyway . 
   actually , not really . 
  china may not be a democracy but it is more socially liberal than countries like iraq that are democracies on paper . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  how is a country that does n't even let you access to google is even close to be called liberal ? 
  and i 'm not claiming that we 're any better but i genuinely not see how china is more socially liberal than anywhere . 
  talking about mainland china ofc ...  you 're getting the worst of both worlds : less democracy and less social freedoms . 
  even if we assume the two go together , they do n't always . 
  actually i do not think we 're so bad democratically . 
  our left-wing likes to claim that erdogan or akp cheats at elections but that 's just not true . 
  people like erdogan and akp our goverment is elected democratically and majority seem to be fine with akp . 
  remember it was people who asked for the death penalty for the putschists not erdogan . 
  the democracy is working as it intended we are just too darn stupid to elect a proper human being and the opposition also makes no attempt to appeal half of the country so they all vote for akp . 
  yes but most of the time even dns is enough . 
   it also does n't pretend it 's some kind of civilized well nice to see you express your opinion the most civilized way possible . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  declining democracy and freedoms does not mean we 're about to get religious law . 
  a better comparision would be russia/china or if you wan na go over board north korea . 
  welcome to the club . 
   name one country where muslim imigrants lived peacefully with natives ( no terror attackts , no radicalization ) il be surprised if you can genuinely name one especially a western country eastern europe like bulgaria , albania , bosnia and herzegovina , romania etc. . . 
  if you seriously unable to name these countries from the top of your head you really need to stay away from propaganda machine a bit . 
   this is how the situation in myanmar started . 
  when the muslim population tried to eradicate the non muslim population .
