  i 'm bi for fuck sake ... 
  so we can call greeks , gayreeks without being offensive now ? 
  no shit . 
  it does n't even say that . 
  it just says women should modestly dress and according to arab culture modesty also includes covering the hair . 
  contrary to popular belief most muslims generally do n't see drinking as a huge deal . 
  for example one of my best friends is a freaking alcoholic and dude claims he 's an muslim even after working at bars and shit . 
  but you ca n't make them eat pork unless they 're literally dying out of hunger . 
  i mean they should n't be treated like shit but they should n't live comfortably in prison as well . 
  those prisons in scandinavia better than my house wtf ? 
  i know prison sentences are for rehabilitation but they should also be punished for the discomfort they caused in the society . 
  i mean if someone were to murder my loved one for example i do n't think i could accept the murderer getting locked up in 3 star hotel room as justice ... 
  noooo we 're gon na get beaten by serbia ... 
  do n't see anything out of the ordinary here these things happen and warning shots are the way to alert the nearing boat to prevent the collision . 
  now if they were to actually shoot the fishing boat that would be a different story . 
  someone still thinks russia is the soviet union . 
  war is not just about who has the bigger army . 
  yeah because while publicly denying it erdogan would totally use his son 's ships for oil trade . 
  even the dumbest smuggler would n't smuggle with vehicles that are directly registered to himself or his family members . 
  russia 's allegations get stupider with each day . 
  erdogan is most likely profiting from the syrian civil war in various ways but it 's certainly not this way . 
   there is no proof of the veracity of that video or of the allegations . 
  we need to prove the proofs now ? 
  testimony supports it , video supports it , the boat 's condition when the turkish coast guard found it support it . 
   turkey has such history btw example ? 
  turkish coast guard never sank an civilian boat . 
  solitary confinement is against human rights . 
  separating extremists would be a better solution if the situation is that dire . 
  two ethnic group are fighting killing each other but wait . 
  let 's just focus on one group and call it a genocide . 
  all the turks in balkans just disappeared right ? 
  greece occupation of izmir was completely peaceful right ? 
  in the population exchange at the end of the greco-turkish war . 
  millions of greeks were sent to their homeland while only handful of turks were left in greece to send back to anatolia . 
  despite millions of turks being used to live in ottoman greece . 
  i do n't deny armenian or assyrian genocides but i can firmly say that this `` greek genocide '' is purely bullshit . 
  both sides fought without remorse and both sides had enormous casualties . 
  why not just say hate speech is bullshit ? 
  spain pls no ... 
  ofc turkish government does n't have anything better to do than randomly accuse greek coast guard . 
  do you have any sources to back up your claim at least ? 
  because the refugees were interviewed and they claimed that greek coast guard sank their boat and left without taking them onboard . 
  the video might be edited but the contents is there you clearly see that greek coastguard sinking the boat and they being rescued by turkish coastguard later on when their boat is almost sank . 
  even if greek coastguard was not intentionally trying to sink the boat they did and left them there . 
  edit : i also love how without a single source to back up your claim you still get upvotes . 
  r/europe is really losing it these days . 
  nah it 's just that despite denying it when asked directly people here mostly dislike turkey and want nothing to do with it and when they asked why , they 'll just spew some random bullshit about aegean and cyprus disputes that they did n't even read a single article about . 
  greece coast guard attemted to sank refugee boats [ before ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/video-appears-to-show-greek-coast-guard-attempting-to-sink-boat-of-syrian-refugees_5651e71ce4b0879a5b0b5ed2 ) , turkey does n't have a history like that so what is your point exactly ? 
  lol that 's like overwhelmingly more than what turkey wants . 
  orospu means bitch in turkish and yav\u015fak ... well tbh i do n't know how to translate it . 
  basically both are swear words leatra added plural morpheme to make them sound like ethnicities . 
  eu should n't come asking for turkey 's help with refugees if they are n't even going to trust turkey enough to form joint patrols ... 
  i did n't know there were refugees that were actively trying to pass to turkey from eu and turkey asked eu to stop them from coming and made a deal . 
  you 're making an observation without counting the context . 
  did you even read the title of the article ? 
  you see the word `` joint '' right ? . 
  two coastguards will just form joint patrols to counter the refugees more efficiently . 
  you talk like the proposal was to hand over greece 's coast security to turkish coast guard . 
  turkey made a deal with eu . 
  we 'll stop the refugees that tries to go to europe from on . 
  there is n't anything malicious here . 
  too bad that 's not enough to stop refugees from coming . 
  lol that first comment under the article . 
  maybe because it is ? 
  30 year old conflict has restarted ofc we 'll see pkk as a bigger threat than isis . 
  also pkk is n't even proper kurdish nationalists . 
  a nationalist would want to improve their people 's lives . 
  pkk only brought misery to the kurds . 
  lol just lol ... 
  shoot one down and they 'll stop . 
  we 're a living example . 
   but `` estonian authorities '' are a good enough source ? 
   yes ? 
  unlike russia , estonian authorities has no history of lying about this sorta thing . 
  hungary was turkey back then . 
  his whole body was not buried in there only his organs probably because those would rot until they carry the body to istanbul . 
  ah melih g\u00f6k\u00e7ek the embarrassment of ankara . 
  seriouly fuck this guy he 's even worse than erdogan . 
  he 's an huge asshole and a troll ( he 's the guy that put a giant gundam robot on the city center and demanded residents to `` respect the robot '' ) . 
  his [ twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/06melihgokcek?lang=tr ) posts are like an 14 year olds he even types in all caps . 
  man i hate defending erdogan but people should stop taking his words out of context . 
  erdogan said numerous times that men and women should be equal before the law and neither gender is superior what he 's talking about here is gender roles . 
  he 's endorsing motherhood and claims feminists are rejecting their motherhood and nature . 
  still bigotry ofc but not the hurr durr men are superior to women so they should obey their husbands and live as slaves kinda bigotry . 
  just look at his example :  `` in the workplace , you can not treat a man and a pregnant woman in the same way . '', 
  good parliamentary system is a lot more democratic that presidential system . 
   except one is a megalomaniac with ability to turn the world into ash russia is n't soviet union . 
  only one that have the ability to do that now is usa . 
   another is just a delusional megalomaniac hiding behind nato skirt . 
  erdogan is clearly delusional that 's a fact but you also seem to forget that turkish army is the second most powerful armed force in nato . 
  backing of usa would be enough for turkey to handle russia . 
  turkey is n't hiding behind nato skirt turkey is a main part of nato . . 
  it 's not as if we 're talking about iceland here . 
  he 's already compared to putin . 
  both are quite similar at a lot of things . 
  is polygamy really legal in britain ? 
  why is there a sharia court in britain in the first place ? 
   australian media had reported that ashley dyball was detained in germany after travelling to europe for a break from working with a kurdish militia group known as ypg . 
  this explains it ypg is affiliated with pkk which mostly known as drug smugglers in germany . 
  everybody who is informed about the incident knows this already it 's old news now .
