  lol what kind of fairy tale are you living in exactly ? 
  erdogan is dangerous take a mad man with power seriously . 
  if he says turkey wo n't leave cyprus they seriously wo n't neither cyprus nor greece has any power to remove them . 
  i swear erdogan still around because of fools like you both in turkey and outside . 
  you think your insults were clever or something ? 
  what is up with people not taking mad man men on high positions seriously ? 
  did you not learn anything from us elections ? 
  meaning of terrorist is lost in turkey . 
  which is why there are universally accepted interpretations of quran . 
  `` kill all non muslims '' is n't in it . 
  hadiths is were it gets confusing there are pretty fucked up hadiths . 
  most infamous hadith is the one orders the execution of apostates . 
  because people are dumb being minority does n't make you any smarter . 
  [ europe barely even has muslims ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/datablog/2016/dec/13/europeans-massively-overestimate-muslim-population-poll-shows ) if you vote for far-right because you fear muslims gon na do something to you might as well never leave the house because you have higher chance of getting hit by a car . 
  it is also hilarious how people post percentages about opinions of muslims about gay people . 
  why does that even matter ? 
  if even % 100 of them think being gay is unacceptable that 's like % 5 nationwide . 
  every european country already has around % 5 homophones in the first place yet i do n't see anyone caring about them . 
  i swear europe is totally same with turkey . 
  politicians can just exaggerate threats to collect votes and people will fall like sheep . 
  that 's retarded . 
  there are whole sections in quran explaining how non-muslims should be treated how the fuck muslims think every non-muslim should be killed ? 
  you guys seem to be obsessed with muslims yet you barely know anything about them . 
  oh piss off this caused a massive controversy in turkey . 
  majority of people on facebook and twitter also disagree with this . 
  this caused a massive controversy in turkey but still baffled that it exists and a municipality attempted to distribute this shit . 
  absolutely disgraceful ... 
  this is a terrible solution people will start smoking simply because they are now not allowed to buy . 
  smokers are already declining worldwide any intervention will have a negative effect . 
  there is a reason why most smokers start smoking at early age when they 're prohibited . 
  that sounds insanely stupid . 
  i die a little every time i hear people who raise their kids like this managed to become swiss or eu citizens . 
  i swear if europe 's standards is this low i should just immigrate ... 
  you ca n't annex cyprus without guns when turkish minority still exists . 
  let 's hope a mutual agreement can be reached this time . 
  cyprus is owned by cypriots not turkey nor greece . 
  they have right to decide their own fate ... 
  what is your point ? 
  that they are not independent ? 
  you do realize current northern cyprus is only dependent on turkey because they are not internationally recognized right ? 
  even their goverment is very anti-akp . 
  sure but you also have no right to send them back if their home country does n't take them . 
  that 's why you made a deal with turkey in the first place . 
  if it was just simple as `` sending them back '' none of these would be needed . 
  they can easily say no and it 'll cause even more migrants to come to germany . 
  it is double edged sword not a leverage . 
  third world politics are all about making people you hate more miserable than making your country better . 
  goverments really should do something about this ... 
  in turkey we have the same problem hell my own mother and father 's marriage was arranged ... 
  honestly this is more cultural than because of islam . 
  nothing would have changed if they were atheists or tengrists . 
   it 's the traditional way and the family would benefit from the dowry , but m\u00fcmine resists , holding on to being a teenager while dreaming of completing school and leaving the tobacco fields behind . 
  it is when your parents care more about themselves then you and basically sell you for money . 
  we idiots should form an empire again :3, 
  you 're making shit up he was kicked because of a cartoon he made about sarkozy 's son converting to judasim . 
  he has no cartoons involving killing of anyone and he was one of the founders of hara-kiri not some random cartoonist . 
  he even sued charlie hebdo and won 40,000 euros because of his wrongful termination . 
  it was tragic what happened to charlie hebdo but no they are not bastion of freedom of speech . 
  this map is bullshit . . 
  here is a map of [ ottoman empire ] ( https://tr-static.eodev.com/files/dc8/ad4cc5574a56c89ecfa1e715574ba751.jpg ) . 
  did n't charlie hebdo kicked a cartoonist for an anti-semitic cartoon ? 
  freedom of speech indeed . 
   countries such as china , russia and iran have been using domestic search engines and email service providers competing foreign providers like google and gmail which are mostly blocked by the authorities . 
  what a nice list of countries . 
  yes . 
  * facepalm * yeah man let 's judge a country over the city at the fucking corner of the nation . 
  i said we had cold regions not istanbul was cold . 
  lol it is like -10 right now and i live in istanbul everywhere is filled with snow and it still keep going . 
  apparently it will snow until late night . 
  generally once a year . 
  at least in istanbul ... 
  turkey has parts that is regularly -30 and it even dropped to -40 a few times how is that not cold ? 
  is that satire ? 
  turkey has no deserts and has pretty balanced climate . 
  snow is not a rare sight at all ... 
  you ca n't call yourself great power if you did n't invade poland once . 
  these three articles from claire berlinski is all you need to get an idea on who he is . 
  first one is quite detailed about who he is , second one is a comparison between erdogan and g\u00fclen third is about the recent coup attempt . 
  tl ; dr he is a muslim cleric who 's leader of a scientology like cult who has been trying to take control of turkey for years . 
  he is a billionaire and lives in pennsylvania in his [ massive compound ] ( http://s1.ibtimes.com/sites/www.ibtimes.com/files/styles/embed/public/2014/01/16/gulen.jpg ) and recruits people to his cult via his religious and educational institutions . 
  his teachings are similar to salafism but with a twist he actually values education which makes them more dangerous than any islamist terrorist organization . 
  his cult is not made of donkey fuckers from villages they are doctors , teachers , politicians , journalists all successful people . 
  instead of using terrorism they use infiltration and without even you knowing they take control . 
  g\u00fclen and erdogan used to be bros together they cleaned the secular officers from the turkish military with fake evidence and put their own men but later they split and the recent coup attempt was this two asshole 's battle to decide who rules turkey . 
  http://www.city-journal.org/html/who-fethullah-g%c3%bclen-13504.html http://www.city-journal.org/html/turkey%e2%80%99s-two-thugs-11480.html http://www.city-journal.org/html/who-planned-turkeys-coup-14656.html, 
  it is mostly people not believing him being as bad as erdogan . 
  how can a mosque be salafist ? 
  why not just arrest the salafist imams and put some decent ones in . 
   yenis\u00f6z -- bat\u0131 ter\u00f6r \u00d6rg\u00fct\u00fc \u00e7ocuklara dadand\u0131 ( western terrorist organization has begun to pick on children ) referring to western media 's publications on sexual orientation where children are the main topic wat, 
  why the fuck they would feel unsafe ? 
  you wan na feel unsafe ? 
  come to turkey ... 
  what is your point ? 
  you want a more recent example ? 
  here :  on 10 august 2015 , two women from the dhkp-c staged an attack on the u.s. consulate in istanbul ; one of the attackers , identified as hatice asik , was captured along with her rifle . 
  this was one of four of staged attacks across istanbul , occurring , with two others targeting police stations and one targeting a military helicopter . 
  a car-bomb was set off near the police station in the sultanbeyli district , injuring 10 , and about five hours afterwards , gunman opened fire upon security forces , killing one and wounding another 10 . 
  a police patrol was also targeted by a remotely-detonated ied in the sinark region , killing four and wounding one you guesssed perpetrators being pkk based on the method of the attack and i just proved that they use car bombs as well . 
  it was just a guess calm the fuck down . 
  dkpc has been bitching about berkin since his death and yesterday was his birthday ofc i 'm gon na think they might be the perpetrators .
