  you think they will go to the police ? 
  i understand hijab but no one can convince me that women wear burka fully willingly . 
  now ofc banning them wo n't solve the problem because the men who force women to wear those will lock their women to the houses . 
  it 's kinda lose-lose situation sadly ... 
  i would assume it would be easier in usa than in europe right now . 
  for the first time i 'm happy we 're not in this ... turks do n't read much . 
  also portugal ? 
  pls ... 
  nobody suggested headscarf should represent france tolerance is enough . 
  uhh ... just watched the vid on bbc and what 's that guy hitting to with a belt i presume ? 
  yet their fight was about to destroy this country . 
  hundreds of people died and countless lives were ruined because for their idiotic power struggle . 
  i do not know what happened behind the bars between but these two clowns however harmed turkey more than all the terrrorist organizations we faced at to this day . 
   and now he tried to bring him down ? 
  i 'm sorry but it 's a bit hard to believe this all for an outsider , do n't you agree ? 
  it is which is the main problem . 
  gulenist movement and their history is not that well-known outside of turkey which is why people reach ridiclous conclusions about the recent coup attempt . 
  erdogan forging a coup to gain power sounds more plausible than a cleric in pennsylvania attempts to overthrow him when you lack the critical details . 
  the situation is too complicated but i 'll try to give a short summary . 
  basically gulen and erdogan forged an alliance to remove the kemalist secular opposition and they were very successful about it . 
  anybody who go against them ended up arrested here 's an example :  questions have arisen about the g\u00fclen movement 's possible involvement in the ongoing ergenekon investigation , which critics have characterized as `` a pretext '' by the government `` to neutralize dissidents '' in turkey . 
  in march 2011 , seven turkish journalists were arrested , including ahmet \u015e\u0131k , who had been writing a book , `` imamin ordusu '' ( the imam 's army ) , which alleges that the g\u00fclen movement has infiltrated the country 's security forces . 
  as \u015e\u0131k was taken into police custody , he shouted , `` whoever touches it [ the movement ] gets burned ! '' . 
  upon his arrest , drafts of the book were confiscated and its possession was banned . 
  \u015e\u0131k has also been charged with being part of the alleged ergenekon plot , despite being an investigator of the plot before his arrest . 
  but at late 2013 something happened and they and they split the gulenists suddenly become extremely anti-akp and publicized all the dirt they had on them hence [ the 2013 corruption scandal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_corruption_scandal_in_turkey ) happened after that erdogan declared gulenists a terrorist organization and gulenist journalists , media executives , police officers etc. . . started to get arrested and not so long ago even the top selling newspaper in turkey zaman the gulenist mouthpiece was seized by the goverment . 
  the latest coup attempt was the last desperate struggle of gulenists in turkey to prevent their removal from turkey . 
  btw this is just a short summary from the top of my head it can still sound ludicrous to outsiders i really recommend you to read about this stuff more if you 're interested . 
   dont think that 's a problem on reddit . 
  sure but you get used to it . 
   people liked turkey before erdo\u011fan came to power , that 's why nobody cares about the g\u00fclen movement or what they have done . 
  but that does n't make any sense gulen was main endorser of erdogan . 
  he helped him get to power ... 
  it 's stupid to single out erdogan for your hatred we the people who support the opposition parties hate them both i do not understand why you guys so inclined to single out erdogan for your hatred . 
  everything you hate erdogan for was also caused by gulenists ... turkey is not a kingdom one man ca n't fuck up a country that much ...  btw , why you have a turkish flair when you ca n't even spell erdo\u011fan en g\u00fclen correctly ? 
  i can but when i type in english i prefer to use only english letters . 
  some sites used to not recognize turkish characters properly so i got used to changing \u011e to g \u00dc to u \u00c7 to c. . . 
  for people who do n't know gulenist judges fabricated evidence and convicted our secular kemalist officer , journalists and lawmakers so they can put people of their own to their place . 
  they destroyed the lives countless people for political gain . 
  you might hate erdogan but the biggest mistake you 'll make is siding with all of his current opponents because erdogan let all of these happen . 
  if you wan na read more here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ergenekon_trials https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sledgehammer_ ( coup_plan ) here 's an example [ \u0130lker ba\u015fbu\u011f ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%b0lker_ba%c5%9fbu%c4%9f ) 26th chief of the general staff of turkey was sentenced for life imprisonment by them for `` forming an terrorist organization against turkish goverment '' with fake evidence only after gulen and erdogan split his conviction was overturned by the constitutional court . 
  did n't know i should have been dead since i 'm an ex-muslim atheist . 
  there are thousands of instances christian families disowning their children for becoming atheist . 
  religious people are crazy everywhere only difference is tyrannical islamic governments still exist compared the rest of main religious in the world where they are brutally chained . 
  now that 's what i liked to hear . 
  surprised how `` does n't make much difference '' option is not predominant anywhere ... 
  i mean that 's the most american hat there is ... 
  damn i should move to norway if they really do n't mind us much . 
  sick of the hot whether here ... 
  except that you just proved yourself wrong ... let 's see if you gon na manage to find the part that proves you wrong ... 
  here 's a tip manbij and their surroundings are the only areas that turkey is taking from ypg . 
  it 's always funny to see ignorant dudes trying to paint me an erdogan troll or a nationalist when i 'm literally neither . 
  i hate erdogan and nationalist turks always call me a traitor when i expose my political views here 's a tip if facts disturb you i recommend you to move to an circlejerk subreddit . 
   because reality is the exact opposite . 
  the kurds were there the whole time . 
  long before any war started . 
  oh so you 're saying they were with isis ? 
  why did n't they struggle agaist isis if they were always there ? 
  before the usa-led offense against manbij with ypg from the east of euphrates ? 
  you do n't know shit about demographics of syria do you ? 
  west of euphrates is mostly arab land minus afrin ofc ...  the turks are the ones who are invading and try to steal land from the kurds . 
  the rheotric of pkk/ypg is manbij arab tribes are supporting them and joined them willingly to expel isis . 
  even they 're acting like they do n't own the place yet you do n't even know that . 
  also all what we 're doing is giving support to fsa we 're not stealing land from anybody it 's still syrians that 'll keep those lands we 're just cleaning it from ypg and isis terrorists . 
  we 're not there for a stay like in cyprus . 
   every single place in this region has a long tradition of kurdish people living there . 
  lol the joke of the century . 
  dude here 's a tip if you know how to read a map try searching the places kurds are the majority and then look at a map of syrian civil war . 
  that way you 'll refute yourself and might actually learn something . 
   so please keep your stupid erdogan propaganda for yourself . 
  nobody outside your little dictatorship is buying this crap . 
  was expecting this line to pop up eventually you ignorant folk generally say everything is erdogan propaganda when they fail to refute anything with evidence . 
  here 's another tip from me so you wo n't embarrass yourself more . 
  turks in r/europe , r/turkey and r/worldnews are predominately anti-erdogan . 
  i would believe your word more than i would belive erdogan 's . 
  these are the just basic facts ... 
  wow did n't know the brexit propaganda was that effective ... 
  what he 's gon na do ? 
  arm ypg more ? 
  if we 're in syria that means usa is approved the operation hence there is nothing anybody else can do to stop it at this point . 
  usa told ypg to leave manbij to the turkish backed rebels and go for raqqa they decided to stay ... another proof of ypg fighting isis for land not because they care to destroy them . 
  `` russian weapon '' lol implying there is a country who does n't use it ... 
   kurdish territories the seized territories are arab majority however that title implies that turkey occupied kurdish lands . 
  btw some seem to think that we said we were gon na attack isis but deceived the rest of the world and went for kurds again . 
  that 's wrong from the first day was ypg was a main target like isis in fact the operation name is euphrates shield and it 's not isis that 's around the euphrates so it implies we 're threatened by ypg more than isis . 
  ypg and isis are both targets and the operation goal is [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/middleeasteyes/status/769883446978179072 ) as you can see on the picture there are 3 goals first securing the border by removing isis , second is taking control of manbij and banishing ypg to the east of euphrates and the last goal is taking al-bab from isis . 
  you might think this operation is wrong turkey is evil bla bla bla ... 
  but please do n't twist the facts claiming we 're not also going after isis and we 're helping them or some retarded shit . 
  too late lol nationalist turks and apoist kurds has been beating eachother and doing demonstration in germany since 70s ... 
   not again with that . 
  god almighty . 
  go read the news and get back to us . 
  i know it 's gone but the fact that people seriously supported it and it was enforced was crazy as it is and an actual legal court approved it before all the backlash also ...  a court ruling on friday overturned france 's controversial burkini ban on civil liberties grounds , but some local authorities have vowed to keep it in place . 
  some even told that they will defy the court ruling so some frenchmen really gone mad if you ask me and these are not street hooligans they are `` local authorities '' . 
   yes . 
  one crazy restaurant out of how many in france ? 
  i do n't know we have a lot . 
  eh the burkini ban was also a few municipalities it 's not about the amount it 's that those stuff actually happened is my problem . 
  i did n't claim france went to shit i said they went full retard . 
  i suspect we gon na keep hearing stuff like this as long as terrorist attacks keep happening in france ...  yeah i wo n't argue with ignorant people mainly cuz there 's waaay too many of you guys on the internet and fuck me , who has time for that , right ?
