( i 'll be replying to the other comments shortly , but this one took the cake , i 'm seething ), 
  i think that 's an unfair generalization of students . 
  i 've seen helpers from all age groups and vocations doing hours of unpaid work . 
  i could n't believe it either , but what incentive to lie should a high-ranking executive of a well-known aid organization have ? 
  apparently this should n't be public knowledge yet , i 'm also not finding any reports from this region . 
  i 'm not mad if you do n't believe me - if i did n't have a personal connection to the source , i 'd certainly have a lot of doubts too . 
  i see people who can choose between assad 's bombs and the scourge that is the is , if they stay in syria . 
  it 's not about getting a * hand out * it 's about a life where one does n't have to live in permanent fear of getting killed dead . 
  and , yes , i do see european values in people who break the bread they get from us in half , because they do n't want to take more than necessary . 
  i see european values in refugees helping out in the shelter , even if they 're only there for one night themselves . 
  do n't misrepresent our population . 
  there 's an incredible wave of helpfulness going throughout the whole country right now . 
  yesterday about a thousand refugees arrived unexpectedly in a small village , not far from me . 
  one very experienced colleague of mine ( about 20 years in medical and catastrophe aid ) went there with a huge emergency response team and later reported that he 'd never seen anything like that in all his years . 
  almost all refugees were dehydrated and malnourished , a large number was beaten black and blue ( men , women , children - did n't matter ) guess , who did the beating ? 
  hungarian police . 
  these actions ca n't be sugar-coated anymore . 
  you know what ? 
  in the past week i 've actually seen many , many refugee children . 
  basically , i 'm working directly in a place providing care to refugees , while you get to hand-pick photos off the internet that suit your narrative . 
  do you want to know one more juicy thing ? 
  many of these children have pretty severe wounds on their feet because they had to walk for so long . 
  many also arrive severely beaten by hungarian police . 
  well , no , i have n't heard anything concerning ethnic cleansing here yet . 
  still , for me there 's no denying that a whole boatload of people here are massively anti-immigration , viewing muslims as aforementioned `` mohammed freaks '' and as an inherent threat . 
  furthermore , the huge number of orban-apologists around here really amazes me . 
  treating refugees like cattle gets justified with `` but he 's just upholding eu law '' . 
  oh , and then there 's the constant belittling of austrian and german policies , simply because we 're not buying into the `` omg !, 
  they 're invading , let 's build a biiiiiiig wall '' - craze and because our politicians finally decided to grow a spine and show some much-needed human decency . 
  concerning your english teacher : let me just say i 'm glad that this guy is n't serving in any military anymore . 
  that guy does n't seem to value human life very much . 
  this conversation sadly somewhat feels like the general mood on r/europe lately . 
  with the recent events unfolding , i 'll take every official statement from hungary with a huge grain of salt . 
  malnourished , weak families are not an `` army '' . 
  i actually work with refugees in a temporary residence ( they sleep here for the night if they miss the last train of the day headed to germany ) and most of them are extremely humble , grateful people . 
  many of them ca n't even believe that they do n't have to pay for the food we give them , many of them have open wounds on their feet because they had to wander for so long . 
  you know , there 's this saying around here : `` one of the biggest austrian achievements is making the world believe that hitler was german and beethoven austrian '', 
  you 've got quite a fair , balanced , and * totally not racist * view there . 
  equating refugees with bloodthirsty head-choppers really does not provide a solid , neutral foundation for your argument . 
  i , as a layman , really believe that a `` good enough '' effort makes the most sense . 
  we ca n't help everyone ( nobody can ) but we can help a lot of people . 
  and those who can be helped should get the best care possible . 
  those haters , naysayers and fear-mongers need to be shut down instead of being encouraged by a riled-up mob, 
  yep . 
  we * choose * to aid those weaker than us . 
  that 's something every decent human/should o , is n't it ? 
   i guess the gabcikovo camp will be managed by the same company ( or tightly-related one ) , so it will be also good for business . 
  but it 's not even an austrian company . 
  it 's called ors and has its hq in switzerland . 
  as an austrian , i ca n't apologize enough for my government 's handling of immigration . 
  there 's enough space here , there are heaps of ngos and volunteer organizations that want to organize housing and aid for refugees - but our interior ministry rarely works together with them to tackle these issues . 
  instead of distributing refugees evenly over the country , they rather send a lot of them to traiskirchen , which is managed by a totally incompetent private company . 
  the living conditions there are appalling , due to the camp currently housing about 4000 refugees , instead of the ~ 500 it was designed for . 
  we would n't need to send anyone to gab\u010d\u00edkovo . 
  if members of the eu want to get all sorts of economic benefits , they have to conform to eu policy . 
  since the current issues require a united effort to be * anything * close to solvable , quotas are direly needed . 
  with the current situation , some countries completely fail to show any solidarity towards the rest of the eu , as well as to the often vilified immigrants . 
  as a result , the countries that * do * conform are left alone and struggling , all because of a few obnoxious fear-mongers . 
  wait , you equal inhumane treatment with `` doing it right '' ? 
  that ca n't ever be a solution unless we , as humans , want to lose all the conscience that defines us so very much . 
  i can somehow understand the notion that immigrants are a somewhat of a strain on the economy . 
  still , how would they qualify as a `` cultural , or political disaster '' ? 
  some parties goad their voters with xenophobic fear-mongering , scapegoating immigrants as all sorts of evil ( one of those parties is becoming a huge problem here in austria right now ) , but the immigrants themselves do not participate a lot in the political process , as far as i know . 
  they are not safe enough . 
  they often just do n't have the money and resiliency required to undertake such a dangerous journey . 
  no , that 's not at all what i was saying . 
  these women were victims of heinous crimes and had every right to defend themselves . 
  also , it would have been incredibly brave if more people had stepped in and helped . 
  what i do n't condone is idiots with baseball bats who take the law into their own hands and beat up completely innocent people . 
  there can be no excuse for that . 
  arrest these criminals and give them a fair trial . 
  do n't try to exact revenge on them by assaulting them . 
  that 's not how the law works here . 
  i do n't have an exit strategy but then again , i am neither a politician nor someone with military power . 
  in my opinion these are the positions that have access to enough of the big picture to devise exit strategies . 
  i 'm just a student and i sometimes volunteer with the red cross , which is why i have spent quite a bit of time with refugees . 
  i 've heard first-hand accounts of assad 's methods . 
  i 've seen footage of isil soldiers occupying cities , and i know that i would run away as far as i could if similar things went down in the country i 'm living in . 
  not every refugee is a saint and i also am in favour of strict checks concerning the eligibility of the refugee status but the thing that pisses me off most is the complete egoism of a few eu states who simply refuse to accept their quota , leaving a few states to deal with the brunt of the surge . 
  ah yep , here 's the old right-wing doctrine again , according to which people who just want to help are regarded as naive . 
  maybe we are - but it 's infinitely better than this bleak and disillusioned perspective that permeates every discussion about refugees . 
  the cynicism here in / r/europe is getting worse every day . 
  sitting in front of your computers and churning out rant after rant is not going to help anybody . 
  i blame the people carrying out the violence . 
  politicians generally do n't step up to a microphone and order people to beat up other people . 
  no , i think the people feeling `` unsafe '' are to blame . 
  i 'm rather left-wing but no matter your belief , you are not going to feel any `` safer '' by beating up unarmed , harmless people . 
  can confirm , am austrian . 
  the greens ( who did this ) are not far left though , that spot falls to the communist party . 
  i think one simply ca n't collectively balance out `` good '' and `` bad '' actions like that . 
  i 'm gon na invoke godwin 's law now but please bear with me : let 's use your counting system on austrians for a minute . 
  i 'm austrian , you seem to be austrian too . 
  hitler was austrian as well and did a whole lot of absolutely atrocious things . 
  how many good deeds by `` decent '' austrians would it take to counter-balance hitler 's crimes ? 
  if we counted like that , i 'd figure we were still pretty bad guys overall . 
  how ? 
  refugees stopped a would-be terrorist and thus * precisely * acted against the narrative propagated by anti-immigrant fear-mongers . 
  oh please . 
  look at the default sentiment in the comments of about every post dealing with migrants in this sub . 
  / u/supernahta might have worded it a bit crudely but i concur with his observation .
