  yeah , i agree with you . 
  i 've never heard of europeans squatting over a toilet , and i can safely say that where i work , there are more men pissing on the toilet rim than women . 
  not in my experience . 
  the mens toilet where i work always has piss on the floor and fucking bogeys smeared on the wall tiles ( you 're stood/sat right next to the toilet roll dispenser ffs ! ), 
  source : clean fucking toilets for a living, 
   down from ~ 28kg per person per year in 1999 to ~ 19kg in 2015 that 's a pretty impressive drop !, 
  i never thought about sugar cane ; always presumed it was grown in more southerly locations . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i completely agree !, 
  any idea why the us does n't grow sugarbeet ? 
  edit : i just looked it up and the us is one of the top 5 sugarbeet producers . 
  surely you can just grow more and have fewer import tariffs !, 
  it is awesome , if it 's made with no added sugar . 
  unfortunately , the one brand sold at my local supermarket is skippy :(, 
  exactly this . 
  i met some ( well-travelled ) brazilians earlier this year who said they had trouble understanding modern european portuguese . 
  i got the impression that brazilian portuguese is ` old ' portuguese ? 
  i live in france and the only swear word heard regularly ( and on film dubs ) is putain . 
  means : whore , but it seems the french use to it to mean anything from fuck to c ** t to whatever you like . 
  ( only other word i 've heard is merde = shit ) . 
  if the floors are clean , bare feet . 
  if not , flipflops , 
  thanks for the info . 
  ` clay pigeons ' in english , 
  not quite the same thing , but ownership of second homes that are never rented out , and that the owner stays at approx 2-4 weeks a year , is a big problem where i live ( french alps ) . 
  in fact , i used to live next door to a house that the owner 's dad built in the 1960s . 
  they came in august for 2 weeks ; the rest of the year it was vacant . 
  given that rents here are so high , saisonieres ( ie . 
  a lot of the people working in the tourist industry ) have trouble finding somewhere to live where they 're either ( a ) not crammed 4 to apartment better suited for 2 people , or ( b ) spending an immoderate amount on rent , or ( c ) both !, 
  it 's infuriating to see so many vacant properties ... 
  thanks , i will !, 
  it almost sounds to me like a ` little golfer ' :p, 
  though i understood the spanish and french ( and italian apart from zanzara ) , french is closer to the english !, 
  my younger brother had a ` biting phase ' . 
  once when he bit me , my mum bit him ... he did n't do it again . 
  he was 2-ish . 
  was born in the 70s . 
  only times my mum ` hit ' me was when i was biting my fingernails . 
  tbh , not a hit , more of a swiping my hands out of my mouth . 
  i can hear them , but it does n't bother me since i live just over 5 minutes walk away . 
  i 've got some friends who live right next-door to the church and the bells are loud as fuck !, 
  the bells chime the hour starting at 7am and finishing at 8pm , as well as the half-hour . 
  at 7.05 and midday there 's also a carillon . 
  he 'd better be careful with that !, 
  i 've got a british friend living in france ( with french plates ) , and she got banned from driving in switzerland for 6 months because of the amount of times she was caught speeding . 
  she paid all of the fines though . 
  i was really surprised ( coming from the uk ) that the sun set in andalucia at about 7pm in june . 
  i was used to ( in the middle of summer ) the sun rising at 4am and setting at 10pm ( ish ) . 
  as a peasant , we just lump all 75 and 90-somethings as the same ... bloody parisians , 
  i 've only ever skied the french alps and , despite what other commenters have said , it is all about the powder . 
  i live in chamonix though , so it may be a bit different from more family-oriented resorts . 
  in the uk , the dudley earthquake of 2002 ( about a 5 i believe ) - i was asleep with my window open and it ( being a sash window ) juddered closed and woke me up . 
  in france , an earthquake that happened one afternoon about 2006-ish ? 
  my office chair was shaking - i think that was a 4 . something . 
  still in france - had a couple of noticeable quakes last year . 
  atlantic salmon , as far as i 'm aware . 
  i 'll eat it any way : smoked , baked in foil , made into fishcakes . 
  had n't had salmon for about 4 years until last week , when i tried the thai salmon fishcake special at the restaurant where i work - bloody delicious !, 
  my so liked it as well , even though he * does n't like salmon * lol, 
  i did an erasmus year at trier university about 20 years ago and the town still holds a special place in my heart . 
  i 'm sure that the landesmuseum place will be great ( so , good luck ! ), 
  not sure what type of summer job you 're looking for , but your english is excellent - can you get some kind of tour guide job ? 
  roast chicken with crunchy roast potatoes , yorkshire pudding , plenty of veggies and a tasty gravy . 
  ( cooked this for a frenchman , dutchman , quebecoise and a swedish woman once and they were impressed and * surprised * ) worst dish : toad-in-the-hole :( edit : am actually english , despite my flair, 
  please do n't tar us all with the same brush !, 
  i 've lived in france for over a decade now and i 'm still shit at french . 
  does n't help that i 'm as deaf as a post and have trouble understanding english speakers , never mind french speakers , if i 'm in a place with background noise . 
  this basically includes every place that 's not my home ... 
  if ther e was one thing i would n't eat from my childhood , it 's bloody toad in the hole . 
  boring as fuck and pretty tasteless too . 
  i hope your mum had some decent gravy to go with it ; mine did n't !, 
  i once had an * english breakfast * in a french cafe that promised black pudding and i got french black pudding ( blood sausage ) - completely different taste :(, 
  pea soup looks okay . 
  casserole - what kind of liver ? 
  i reckon i 'd eat that , 
  your girlfriend is weird ... 
  i 'm british and there 's no way i 'd put ketchup on pasta ( ketchup only goes on sausage sandwiches ! ), 
  black pudding is not weird !, 
  having said that , i 've never tried squid ink but i do n't really consider it weird , just hard to get hold of . 
  i 'd eat anything with chorizo in it , to be honest !, 
  does n't look that bad . 
  had vegetarian shepherds pie for dinner this evening , which was basically lentils , beans , tomatoes , herbs with a mashed potato/cheese topping ... yummy !, 
  looks quite nice , though i have never eaten tripe !, 
  i always imagine it would taste a bit tough ? 
  looks pretty good to me !, 
  yeah , tradeoffs ... where i live now , french alps , it 's completely light by 8am , but the sun does n't hit the valley until 11.30 am :( i 'm longing for summer !, 
  grew up in the north of england and loved it when the summer days got light at 3-4am . 
  first time i ever went to spain and it was getting dark at 7pm * in the summer * , i was like wtf ? 
  same here ( france ) ; come tourist season there 's dogshit everywhere , and i think it 's mainly french tourists :(, 
  only reason to go to mcdonalds ... sausage and egg mcmuffin on the breakfast menu . 
  do we get them where i live ( or in any part of france ) ? 
  nope :(, 
  huh , i wondered why we call them rawlplugs !, 
  til, 
  and ski resorts ... 
  yes , a friend of my mum 's , who 's retired , lives in a trailer on the coast and another friend of mine has a trailer permanently sited in wales for holidays . 
  not * very * usual to have them as permanent homes , but a friend-of-a-friend lived in a double-wide in a lovely park back in the 1990s . 
  caravans are n't as popular as , say , 20-30 years ago , but still a regular sight during the summer holiday season . 
  mobile homes/rvs are very popular these days , varying from the size of a van to the size of a bus ( bigger ones not seen as much cos fuel costs would be huge ! ) . 
  all are mostly used for holidays .
