just looked it up - sounds gorgeous !, 
  never seen it , tbh . 
  ( i know , i know ! ), 
  first one that came to mind , for me , was letter to brezhnev . 
  showing my age there ... , 
  should have included / r/straya ... 
  i do n't know about these days , but way back when i was at school , my re teacher was a church of england vicar , 
  not so many these days , but where i live they all closed for 3 hours at lunchtime until about 6 years ago . 
  bah , same in france . 
  took a while to get used to it . 
  and , on the other hand , you have british people moving to france for the better weather ... 
  this , from the same country where you call your mates ` cunts ' ... 
  i dunno , i 'll never ` get ' australians , 
  missed that one , but you 're spot on !, 
  i 've heard ` it 's a bit of an ask ' , but very rarely . 
  i think the english will ask a favour in a way that lets other english people say ` no ' without actually having to say no !, 
  for example , ` if you 've got time , could you ... ' or ' i would n't normally ask , but ... ' and this allows a person to say ` well , ... i ca n't because i 'm doing x or y , etc , etc , without actually saying a straight ` no ', 
  i think that british people are more likely to be guessers . 
  yes , i gathered that . 
  tracing german ancestors is n't easy when they 're called muller :(, 
  i know !!, 
  you schmidts , mullers , schulzts und schumachers get everywhere  but what 's odd is that even though my anglicised surname is more common in the us , there are only 2 families with that surname in the uk ( where i 'm from ; ignore the french flag , that 's just where i live ) . 
  one family is mine ; the other is a lithuanian family that anglicised their name also . 
  but , can i find my german ancestors in germany ? 
  of course i bloody ca n't ... 
  and rembrandt . 
  when i saw the night watch at the rijksmuseum a few years ago i was blown away . 
  never thought much of him as an artist until i was confronted with this massive * wall * of art !, 
  oh yes !, 
  german bier is outstanding ... at university in germany , um , 20 years ago , drinking bitburger pils . 
  a friend and i used to buy a crate of the stuff to carry home . 
  i 've always felt an affinity towards germans : lived there for 5 years as a young child , learned german at school , studied for a year at university there . 
  then i found out last year that my paternal great-grandparents were actually german ( from kiel and hamburg ) and that my grandfather was born sidney hermann [ german surname ] and not sidney henry [ anglicised german surname ] ... 
  on a completely ( kinda ) unrelated note : did you ever read das boot ? 
  i 'm not really into * sea-type * stuff , but that book ( translated into english ) blew my mind . 
  yep , it must be rum !!, 
  interesting the way you say hey ha , but we say hey ho . . and i learned that song ( when i was a child ) with the pronunciation * earl-eye * ( in the morning ) , not * early-lee * as you would normally say in english , 
  haha , thanks for that !, 
  even though i did n't understand a word of it , a great tune . 
  what i did notice : the second line of the chorus sounded like * hey ha the inquisition * ... !, 
  what can i say , but ... bizarre !, 
  lol, 
  how the hell does a pole know that song ? 
  yeah , i noticed in switzerland that the ( regular ) train conductors look at your ticket , and depending on where you started from ( in my case france ) then speak that language . 
  i 've heard them speak english , french , german and italian , but never chinese !, 
  i was in grindelwald ( near interlaken ) a couple of weeks ago and saw loads of se asian groups . 
  where i live in the alps , we also get lots of tour groups , and i assumed that they were either japanese or south koreans . 
  maybe i should actually ask where they 're from !, 
   i remember that i was really excited about the new currency that i could use in my neighboring countries oh wait , i lived in england ... 
  great explanation , thanks !, 
   this is now one of my favourite german ( i know , austrian ! ), 
  words , alongside * zwiebeln * , which really does roll off the tongue ... 
  haha !, 
  any idea what it means ? 
  haha , love it !, 
  plenty of snow here in the mountains ( french alps ) ; snowed all day yesterday , and today has been a mix of rain and snow at 1250m altitude . 
  ah thanks , so we 're talking about everything after the moisturiser ? 
  but does ` cosmetics ' include moisturiser , cos i 'm i 'm fucked if i 'm going outdoors in -10 without it ?!, 
  or , for that matter , lip balm !, 
  yeah , i 've been , and would n't quibble if they did invade . 
  bit of a shithole , imo . 
  i only say that because i tried to get xmas dinner ( or any kinda lunch ) about 2pm on xmas day and everything was closed . 
  ended up having a ( plastic ) cheese and tomato sarnie ( thanks to a kind chef who was just about to go home !, 
  ) , but wtf ? 
  nice bit of british understatement you 've got going there ... 
  blimey luv , take a pill  not that i 'm contradicting what you 're saying ; last year i found out that my g-g-parents ( ` from ' scotland ) were bloody germans , for christ 's sake ... 
  i 'd say ` miniscule ' compared to the us . 
  and did you ? 
  i had n't noticed , not being a cricket fan ... now , hurling ( which my irish house-mate recently explained to me ) - there 's a sport for fecking lunatics !, 
   such a small population in comparison to the us have an upvote for understatement of the week ... , 
  the lake district , surely ?? 
  i lived in northern germany for 5 years as a kid , then studied for a year at university in trier . 
  love germany/germans . 
  found out a couple of years ago that my paternal great grandparents were german ; no wonder i feel the love , 
  bugger that !, 
  i 'd be heading for the warmer climes of france , italy or spain , 
  maybe a slightly different approach : what do you know about helsinki/turin/any other random european city ? 
   interesting tasty , more like , 
  i know :( and i live in a small ( but touristy ) village with only two main streets . 
  you 'd think people would like to not have to avoid the messes on the pavement ... 
  loads of my friends have dogs and clean up after them . 
  the winter holidays are the worst - as soon as the snow arrives the french tourists seem to let their dogs shit anywhere . 
  no , we 're just a small place so there 's no police patrolling . 
  yeah , i live in the french alps and when the holidays come round there 's dogshit everywhere on the pavements :(, 
  uk here , but living in france for years . 
  i seriously worry about whether the uk will leave the eu and what effect that will have on my status !, 
  the only thing i do n't love about france is the bureaucracy , 
  to be honest , i 'm not a massive fan of baguettes !, 
  i prefer * pain du mais * or a * moisson * loaf . 
  i do miss the sonnenblumenkornbrot that i used to buy in germany . 
  i 'm just amazed that in a country that loves bread so much , there are no bread rolls !, 
  when i lived in germany , i 'd pop into the bakery and buy a couple of rolls for lunch . 
  here , in france , the smallest thing i can buy is a demi-baguette :(, 
  not op , but i would theoretically be able to apply for a scottish passport and would be able to continue living in the eu . 
  that 's not to say i would n't be able to anyway , but no-one knows for sure . 
  if it all goes to shit i may have to move back to the uk :(, 
  just my experience . 
  maybe the french have more decorum than other countries ... j/k !, 
  i work in a bar/restaurant in a ski resort , so * definitely * comparable . 
  tbh the bogeys are worse than the vomit :(,
