  right . 
  so if the southern region has no use for the name as a state , no one should object on its behalf . 
  do you really think greece is defending southern macediona 's right to statehood ? 
  well it 's the official name of the country anyway , and potentially implied claims are not enough to deny them the right to decide their name . 
  if the issue is just to distinguish the country from the region , `` republic of macedonia '' should be fine . 
  wondering about that too - if this leads to new elections , which kind of parties are likely to emerge ? 
  perhaps too seriously ? 
  i mean , the-country-that-mustn ` t-be-named may harbor some silly irredentist claims , but insisting that everyone should prefix its name with `` former something '' is rather silly , no ? 
  and it did n't pay the judges ? 
  not that the eiffel tower is `` best '' of course , but they seem to be aiming for the `` most ridiculous award '' award . 
  eventually yes , over time , but that will involve catalonia negociating with spain and reaching an agreement . 
  if some catalans believe they would be promptly welcomed with open arms as a new member of the eu after a * unilateral * secession , i 'm afraid they would be sorely disappointed . 
  a secession agreed to by both parties would of course be a completely different matter . 
  so you 're saying spain will come around and accept to sign off some kind of accelerated accession after a unilateral declaration of independence ? 
  maybe it will but this is n't a given . 
  possibly a compromise would be found , maybe through efta , but expecting spain to allow swift full membership under such conditions seems optimistic . 
  * merely * a disagreement about what 's good or bad for humanity , or even what it means to be good for humanity ? 
  seems like a significant detail . 
  as to your question , if asked as in the poll i.e. 
  `` what 's good for the most successful corporations is always , ultimately , good for all of us '' i answered no . 
  it might be good for those successful corporations to be granted the right to tax , edict laws , and imprison people breaking them , but that would hardly be good for all of us . 
  but association , notably in the form of limited liability corporations , is a huge boost to human capacity , and in this sense yes , corporations are good for humanity . 
  that pragmatic interest would override any other consideration in most circumstances . 
  does spain agree with that ? 
  the eu can ( and likely will ) be pragmatic and work around its treaties to allow a new nation in without a normal accession process in such a case , but this requires unanimity . 
  i do n't understand your scenario . 
  higher fertility rates wo n't make a few percent become a large part . 
  and are you saying europe needs an older population ? 
  let 's get a deal with assad - for every ten civilians he kills , he takes out one isis fighter . 
  yes but not one supporting assad , which is what russia does . 
  that sounds very dramatic . 
  a couple million people coming in each year for say 10 years would end up as a few percent of the population , hardly a new phase in history . 
  i do n't know what kind of evidence they must produce , but given that only one third are granted asylum it 's clearly not automatic whereas for syria it almost is - the claim of fleeing war can hardly be disputed . 
  as to paperless immigrants presumably they must find some other way to convince authorities of their claims - if they ca n't i imagine they 're not granted asylum , but they ca n't be deported either , or at least not easily . 
  pakistan is the 5th country of origin of asylum seekers though in this data , and one third get accepted . 
  which does n't mean they 're trying to emigrate illegally . 
  i do n't know i had seen similar data in unhcr tables before but i find this presentation much more readable - pretty good visualization as far as i 'm concerned . 
  yep looks like they mixed up accepted and rejected from eritrea in the last column . 
  yeah others suggested that too and it seems a reasonable explanation . 
  if those trying are very poor to start with , this can make trying rational regardless of whether success is a realistic possibility . 
  it really depends how gradual it is . 
  cities can move over time , 22m people relocating over many years is nothing . 
  if the process is slow enough there need not be a huge loss of capital either as new investments are made in safe areas while obsolete ones are abandonned to the sea . 
  humanity adapts , it 's very good at that . 
  quick change is another matter of course , not that we would n't adapt but yes the cost could be high . 
  definitely , but the question was about the effectiveness of aid that is not humanitarian - admittedly in this program the two are tied up so the distinction is n't easy to make . 
  yes sorry was confusing the two scenarios . 
  hopefully we wo n't see the 60m before a long time . 
  i do n't know the reason but serbia is not at war , nor are they threatened with torture or imprisonment . 
  this is a venture with 99 % failure rate , desperation does n't fit as an explanation . 
  we 're still talking about asylum seekers from serbia ? 
  yes it 's not like doing nothing helps much either . 
  but maybe the key is elsewhere . 
  with russia arming the regime and gulf states or iran supporting various factions . 
  whether that tie can be unknot i do n't know , but with it present a solution is hard to picture . 
  edit : and maybe the aid program is working and will help a lot , or at least play a role . 
  that would be great . 
  probably too early to tell though . 
  it 's been going on for several years , they must see those who try and fail come back all the time . 
  unless they stay illegally , perhaps . 
  that was not about the criteria , but about going now , knowing from experience that the vast majority of applications are rejected . 
  how can such a trip be worthwhile ? 
  i do n't know , the title says 22 million total , so your figures seem a bit high . 
  still , a lot of people and how manageable it is depends on how gradual the change is . 
  well you 're right , aid is multifaceted , and some programs do work . 
  i agree it seems impressive , though it 's as much humanitarian aid as development aid . 
  i am sure it is making changes at the humanitarian level , but does it also succeed in furthering peace ? 
  the paragraph `` where britain 's aid money goes '' in the article leaves some doubt that it applies to all aid , but these may be just exceptions . 
  rather , the question is , how much of a difference to growth do succesful , well selected programs do ? 
  why do they go and apply , knowing that they are highly unlikely to be accepted ? 
  question of numbers and quality . 
  at times the new posts are flooded with agenda-based low quality posts ( and reposts ) from poor sources . 
  `` armed intervention '' is not just boots on the ground ; in this case is was primarily air forces - but there were some ground operations too . 
  in any case it was a foreign military intervention successful in enforcing regime change - and whether the result is better than if there had been no intervention is debatable . 
   europe as we know it today would be drasticall changed . 
  indeed this map is more impressive . 
  still , we 'll adapt to that if need be ( danish refugees notwithstanding  ), 
  if there was a credible way to install a law abiding regime there this would be useful if only for stopping the eritrean refugee issue . 
  in the meantime the eu is working with the eritrean dictatorial government . 
  do we actually have examples of successful regime change brought about by foreign armed intervention ? 
  right - and also there 's no law saying the sea must stop at 5m , 
  interesting that the impact is quite small - seems quite manageable at that 5m level if the rise happens over decades . 
  however unless the project leaves an autonomous and durable benefit after it is over , it will not have an impact on development . 
  surely some do , and probably more do today than 10 years ago since the ineffectiveness of aid has been widely questionned in the meantime . 
  still , is that a majority ? 
  no - the lawyer can try anything for his client , but is n't the one handing out the sentence . 
  what seems shitty from the very limited information here ( not reading norwegian ) is that the court followed this seemingly absurd reasoning . 
  there must be something missing , it 's hard to imagine why a gang rape lasting several hours should be judged better than one done more quickly . 
  well , i tend to see poor governance as the main hindrance to economic development . 
  africa is notable for this and it and development aid tends to reinforce the parasitic cliques running those countries . 
  in theory it sounds great to help build roads and hospitals and send advisors to help these countries strengthen their institutions / legal system , but how much of that reaches its goals ? 
  economic development is pretty much home grown , and there is n't a lot foreign states can do ( though they can easily do a lot of harm and have done so in the past ) . 
  agreed , emergency aid is less subject to `` leakage '' , the issue is with public development aid - for which doing nothing else than fully opening our markets to products from that country ( and removing direct or indirect subsidies to our exporters selling in that country ) should be worth pondering . 
  given the level of involvement of the state in managing agriculture here ( including in some cases administrative authorization required to farm , subject to the farm being in line with the preset plan established by various committees ) , and the labour taxes and regulations they face , they are actually doing not that bad . 
  it is high time france 's agricultural entrepreneurs are left to their own devices , they will adapt soon enough . 
  yes . 
  i believe it reflects the norwegian system were rape is lightly punished , irrespective of the perpetrator . 
  but is it effective ? 
  dunno how uk handles it , but a lot of international aid brings very little benefits to anyone except some well connected people or corporations in both countries , supporting exporters from the donor country and corrupt elites in the recipient country . 
  +5 left right , -5 libertarian ( or did i mix up the signs ?
