very , very bad article . 
  what is currently happening is that the government is quietly letting go of its plans to reduce nuclear power , which it had adopted a few years ago for electoral reasons as it was allied with an ecologist party . 
  the whole plan was silly , the ecologists have thoroughly self destroyed now , and the tilting is towards * not * phasing out nuclear . 
  huh ? 
  that definition works if you 're either a fundamentalist or vehemently anti-religion ( an atheist fundamentalist i.guess ) yourself , but most people participating in religions are not . 
  and it 's not even religion taken at face value , it 's just one very limited understanding of religion - or perhaps it is religion minus understanding ? 
  some believe in free speech , some do n't . 
  yes religious muslims may tend to be more socially conservative than the current average non-muslim european , though moderate muslim positions are very similar to mainstream catholic doctrine , which not long ago was n't considered incompatible with european values . 
  i agree it would be sad to go backward to religious conservative values , be they catholic or muslim - it 's important to keep religions at bay - and respect for secular values is perfectly compatible with islam . 
  being tolerant in no way contradicts being muslim . 
  wrong . 
  former muslims in europe are not executed , nor are they in most muslim countries , backward as they may be . 
  you ca n't just take whatever sentence from the qur ` an , spin your interpretation , and declare it is universal . 
  in any case , freedom of religion is a core european value , and if someone wants to follow islam it is their right . 
  islam does n't clash with secularism and you are ignoring the many muslim citizens who live , work , and participate in society here . 
  it is true that the fundamentalist disease affects islam more than christianity today , but accusing all muslims because some of them are radicals is just wrong . 
   already the case in france for ages . 
  are you sure ? 
  the french labour regulation is extremely complex and convoluted but from http://www.infoprudhommes.fr/node/516 it seems such time is explicitly excluded ( though if it exceeds the time it would take to go to the company the excess is compensated , while not counting as working time at least for some purposes . 
  exceptions may apply . 
  subject to case law and additional interpretations . ), 
  or , more likely , `` employers will promptly get rid of employees living far from where they work '', 
  so you 're seriously saying saudia arabia is planning for - nay , embarked on already , the genocide of shia muslims . 
  agreed on the economics of it , but what i was wondering is the legal status : where does that decision come from and how to undo it , through legislative or judicial process ? 
  still nothing to do with an eradication plan . 
  i like the idea , a few brothels would be nice . 
  got ta give them a call so they can adjust their plans . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  is there any evidence of such actions ? 
  that they fight by proxy against shia states and milicias is one thing , but to extrapolate from that a plan to eradicate shias seems at best very speculative . 
  what do you mean , are you saying saudi arabia 's goal is to physically eliminate all shia muslims ? 
  or to forcibly convert them to sunni islam ? 
  i doubt shia muslims will frequent a wahhabi mosque . 
  crazy and very destructive decision , could cost many thousand jobs and at the very least huge aggravation for those working from home , especially in countries with strict hourly wage and working hours regulations - in france it would be a nightmare . 
  is there a possible appeal ? 
  does this reflect a bad law that needs to be changed urgently or is it just a bad decision ? 
  perhaps , foreign workers come under temporary contracts and must leave at the end of their job , and i 'm sure they do n't hesitate to put someone on a plane back home if they overstay . 
  interesting , i thought they were an equal-opportunity mistreater of foreign workers . 
  do n't they get lots of pakistani muslims ? 
  indeed that 's a concern . 
  not just their religious conflicts either , that region hosts many conflicts , religion is just part of it . 
  heh , you should n't have conquered the roman empire  but no , europe is n't about christiandom , though of course it 's a huge cultural influence . 
  but there are tens of millions of muslims among european citizens - as well other religions , and lots of people unaffiliated to any religion . 
  sure , i was only objecting to the generalisation . 
  intersting how stating such an obvious fact about islam in europe brings the downvotes . 
  it 's not a new thing , it started in the 70s . 
  they 're not trying to spread muslims among non muslims , but to spread their version of islam everywhere muslims are . 
  there are close to 2 bn muslims in the world , they 're not going to bring them in - financing mosques and other institutions abroad is much more effective . 
  that 's silly , islam is part of europe too . 
  it 's not to spread islam , but to spread fundamentalism among muslims . 
  i 'll still have fried eggs and crispy bacon with a cooked tomato and perhaps some black sausage any day . 
  beans optional though . 
   that you will house in certain parts of the country , thus ghettoisation . 
  not necessarily . 
  the best way is probably to house small numbers in a large number of cities including small ones . 
  usually works well for integration . 
   you just need a few nuts to ruin everything . 
  yeah we need to deal with the nuts and spit them out somehow , the vast majority of migrants ( refugees or not ) are probably regular people trying to make a life for themselves and their family , but obviously some are trouble . 
  so now you 've stopped screaming incoherently and switched to condescension . 
  how nice of you . 
  wahhabi mosques , just what we need . 
  yeah well i m probably lying and stupid , no point discussing this with you . 
   i dont agree that the whole europe should be responsible for insane immigratin politics of germany and sweden . 
  i would n't call german policy crazy , it is pragmatic and reasonable in my view - sweden is another matter and they 'll have to change . 
  but this is the point of a global solution . 
  we can not have a system where some country offers permanent residency to anyone showing up from syria and asks others to keep them from entering , it 's just crazy - if sweden wants to do that it should arrange direct flights from greece or even turkey to back its offer , or at least ask other countries such as denmark to let them through . 
  different countries can have different policies but these must be coordinated sensibly , and some combinations , such as the current one , are just unviable . 
  as to the moral and legal duty it concerns refugees and asylum seekers , not all migrants - and it does not come from the eu but from un conventions . 
  but all countries in europe need to tackle this issue jointly , not as a battle of national interests or preferences - sweden must adapt and other countries too . 
  as part of such a solution , the burden of handling asylum applications should be shared , though mandatory quotas based on a mathematical formula are probably not the way to do it . 
  you 're talking about permanent quotas scaled up from existing proposals , not the current plan then . 
  i do n't think this makes sense , europe needs to come up with an actual sensible policy , not just a repartition formula . 
  but to get there we need to consider the issue globally , not on a narrow national basis . 
  the commission unfortunately is losing its credibility as a key source of proposals and facilitation towards a solution , dublin is dead , and there 's no common policy . 
  well i do n't see how or why others would go to that length , nor why any country would decide to leave the union rather than accept a few thousand refugees . 
  this is being blown out of proportion - yes it 's an important issue , and yes europe 's response so far ( including the current plan ) is inadequate and a sensible policy is needed , but until such is proposed and agreed we 'll all have to live with the temporary measures designed to deal with immediate issues . 
  no `` they '' could n't , such legislation would change treaties and require approval of all , not just majority . 
  juncker is not that relevant though , and this charade of a state of the union address is pretty silly . 
  my bet is , not much will come of it . 
  like the cice it will end with a big complex machinery with little effect . 
  mostly he is breaking a taboo and laying the ground for real reform by his successor . 
  that 's also 81 years after the death of marc-antoine charpentier . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the high points of british cuisine are breakfast and tea though . 
  thankfully the brits know it and have plenty of indian/french/italian / ... restaurants to chose from . 
  what is this about though , a nonbinding resolution by the general assembly ? 
  if so , even if it did pass it would have no effect , a declaration does n't change laws . 
  this is a danger but only if they are subsidized to switch , which can lead to overproduction for organic food just the same as for any product . 
  what would be the purpose of annexing lichtenstein , who would want to do it , and why would other countries tolerate it ? 
  lacking a purpose , a motive , and means to do it successfully , it 's hard to see this happening . 
  it is precisely this strategy of trying to plan production instead of letting agricultural entrepreneurs work it out that leads to the current problems . 
  it results in a less efficient agriculture that struggles to adapt to changing market conditions , because a bureaucratic plan is needed each time some aspect needs to adapt . 
  small farms can compete with big ones when and where they offer additional value - which they do , as a complement to large farms . 
  they definitely have their place in a market based agriculture . 
  if there 's too much milk production in europe , some production capacity needs to close - and a good way to do that is indeed for the less profitable farms to be shut down / converted to more useful purposes . 
  and wine too , 
  fair enough , i guess that 's what we disagree on then . 
  oh well , i thought you were saying this is a valid argument . 
   which is pretty valid considering that the region macedonia is shared between the two country and none can appropriate it as a state name , only internally the only reason none can appropriate it is if both claim it . 
  which is n't the case here .
