iceland ?!, 
  how is that possible ? 
  is that what you say to your cattle denmark ? 
  how about no danskj\u00c4vel !, 
  you should propably slap a nsfw on that . 
  cheers, 
  do whatever you want , just dont want people getting ill information !, 
  just to make it clear !, 
  this is not the sub they 're currently looking for in stockholm , these pictures were sent in when news started coming in about the underwater activity . 
  people had been taking photos a few days before during the joint excerice and sent those in thinking it was the russian one . 
  what they 're confirming is that all these pictures are of the dutch submarines, 
  just to make it clear !, 
  this is not the sub they 're currently looking for in stockholm , these pictures were sent in when news started coming in about the underwater activity . 
  people had been taking photos a few days before during the joint excerice and sent those in thinking it was the russian one . 
  what they 're confirming is that all these pictures are of the dutch submarines, 
  it 's not us , we 're in on it . 
  the extreme lefts are whining about it but eeeh, 
  yes , i agree . 
  swedes work in norway to earn more money and then buy stuff back home in sweden because it 's much cheaper . 
  we have 2 different systems you guys earn more and pay more for stuff . 
  we earn less but stuff is cheaper . 
  going where you earn more and buying where things are cheaper only makes sense . 
  the other way doesnt . 
  all i 'm saying is that if you 're poor , you might have a harder time in norway because of the simple fact that stuff is generally more expensive . 
  did i ever say it was like that ? 
  last time i checked norway was still on that graph , you need to work on your reading you dirty oljetomte, 
  that just means you dont have a figure of it . 
  leaves some of you poor , 
  dat taxation on everything, 
  heathen you do n't like pancakes ? 
  you are a danskj\u00e4vel but i guess you 're okay , 
  lol . 
  remove p\u00f6lse from premises, 
  got an article on the hostile takeover ? 
  seems really interesting !, 
  it 's not really that wierd , say a retailer wants a truckload of class 1 bananas . 
  then it 's way easier to have actual regulations in place so that there 's no confusion about what or how those look like to the grower, 
  there 's a lot of charging places that are n't directly affiliated with tesla . 
  i know that c4 in kristianstad has a solar powered one for example !, 
  swede here , everyone and their fucking nan is watching it . 
  i swear it 's the only thing that has hit the headlines of traditional media for the whole week . 
  so yeah , generally everyone watches it and then either complain about the voting if we do n't win , or humble brag our asses of if we win !, 
  it 's fantastic !, 
  haha no you will not run into any guns i can assure you !, 
  as i said , stay out of gangs and you should be just fine . 
  and yes , your train will most certainly stop at malm\u00f6 c before continuing on towards lund, 
  bloody women and their wanting some peace in life to care for their offspring and to recover after literally shitting out another human ... 
  before the raise we were at about 1.24 % of gdp in 2015 with 48.451 billion kronor ( 5.77 billion dollars ) . 
  this raises it by 2.5 billion per year . 
  making it about 51 billion kronor for 2015 . 
  i do n't have a calculator at hand atm and i 'm really lazy but say about 1.26-1 .28 and we 're probably in the ballpark, 
  yes , people should know that this was a full week after the hunt was called off . 
  atleast in sweden people are very naive of a war hitting swedish soil ( `` we 're neural duh '' ) . 
  people feel there are more important things to spend money on than defence 3 . 
  people feel like we shouldnt get dragged into nato 's problems military wise, 
  that is one very large police hat, 
  literally goebbels, 
  a serious comment stepping trough , this is gang related shit which is once again on the rise . 
  gang related criminality was a very big thing among the bike gangs years ago but that 's been largely disbanded by now . 
  this gang warfare is , like americas , based in poor and secluded areas that we have our politicians to thank for . 
  in our case a majority of these gang members are 2nd or more generation immigrants, 
  that girl tells you when to laugh for maximum efficiency . 
  it is german after all . 
  `` just reach out and feel the love '' ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the authorities they try not to . 
  the mainstream media will however . 
  edit : for the downvoters . 
  why ? 
  it 's a pretty well known fact that mainstream media over here `` conveniently '' does n't give out name nor ethnicity when it comes to crimes a `` non-swedish '' swedish person commits . 
  i dare you to go to any of the major swedish newspaper sites and find a single article that will write out `` osman abdel salam , a swedish citizen , of arab origin '' [ source ] ( https://translate.googleusercontent.com/translate_c?depth=1&amp;hl=sv&amp;nv=1&amp;rurl=translate.google.com&amp;sl=bs&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://m.klix.ba/vijesti/bih/u-akciji-sipa-e-uhapseni-enver-dzanko-adis-ramic-amar-sljivo-i-osman-abdel-selam/150313110&amp;usg=alkjrhij5d3ypnrvqpsqirnwcmqhiymdbq ), 
  right , never worked in an office so i didnt factor in lunch ... 
  highly dependant on where you work but 8 to 16/17 ( depending on lunch ) is most common for sure, 
  so that 's why there was a pile of those on the reception counter . 
  they 're not at all mandatory and at the end of the day maybe 5 books were gone and most of those were turned into planes or went into the garbage , 
  do you seriously expect me spoon feed you peer reviewed medical reports for a medical fact ? 
  you 're arguing countrary to accepted medicine , you should be the one ponying up evidence against it . 
  do you know of the phrase `` incredible claims require incredible evidence '' , it 's very applicable here . 
  so far i 've seen exactely 0 from you , whilst the actual article we 're discussing might aswell be one of my sources . 
  now stop pathetically downvoting posts you do n't agree with and grow up . 
  once again arguing facts with anecdotal bullshit , fuck off, 
  you have been changed for worse , your situation is medically worse . 
  there 's no point denying that with anecdotal bullshit , it 's a fact . 
  not to mention that the `` why are we talking about x when y is happening '' is a fallacy in itself ... 
  cutting something off with a knife is violent 2 . 
  see my other comment for `` disfiguring '' 3 . 
  i 'm increasingly feeling like you 're a troll so i 'll just stop responding , have a nice night !, 
  you are disfigured from the norm . 
  i do n't care how many pointless examples you throw at me , it 's an artificial disfigurement of the human penis . 
  the norm is a penis with the foreskin intact , if no other factors are at play and the child is healthy it will keep it 's foreskin naturally . 
  surgically having it removed is disfiguring the penis , that 's that . 
  and no , you 're right , but you 're arguing against the notion of having it banned , which is what we 're discussing . 
  i agree that reddit gets heated about this topic but do n't fight fire with fire dude that 's like negotiating 101 ... 
  that 's not in the definition of mutilation and yes , sometimes , on all three . 
  moving along, 
  but dude , it 's just a word and you literally ( dictionary definition ) are . 
  now move along , it 's nothing to get so worked up over . 
  i understand that you feel personally attacked but there 's really no reason to , you had no choice in the matter and obviously you prefer the only thing you know , so just chill out !, 
  what we 're arguing against is harming an innocent child for no medical benefit . 
  you might feel otherwise but that doesnt change the fact that 29000 doctors and millions of medical professionals do n't agree and are seeking having it banned . 
  they know a lot more about this than you and i do , and it goes beyond `` makes me last longer and i do n't have to clean it every day '' .
