russian redditors are a drop in an ocean . 
  i do n't see any consequences to be had for any russian mentioned in the leaked documents neither from legal side nor from public . 
  the main one is fear . 
  they can lose their job or even freedom . 
  suicide by cop is almost impossible thing in russia . 
  paradox , but in police state police officers prefer not using weapons due to a reason . 
  death penalty is n't applied in russia nowadays , and must not be applied to any women according to the current laws even if we cancel moratorium . 
  my mom is a nurse in the infectional section of hospital . 
  when i see people who do n't wash their hands at least 10 times a day i worry . 
  it explains a lot . 
  but i do n't understand why you should speak the language you do n't know , ca n't you just use your mother tongue and allow interpreters doing their work ? 
  i found on mfaos site that he speaks english and russian . 
  but conditionals , infinitive and gerund , idioms and phrasal verbs , and some other stuff i even ca n't remember . 
  english is pretty easy before b1 level though . 
  gayrope ( gay + europe if it is n't clear ) is pretty common word among russian patriots . 
  every russian knows that only gays tie the knot in europe and try to adopt russian children in order to sodomize them . 
  it is also applicable to slavery , feodalism , and socialism , is n't it ? 
  any economic system is about factors of production and distribution of the product . 
  i know about katyn mostly from the film by andrjey wajda but we had no such topic neither at school nor at unversity . 
  yes , there was an article in criminal code for violating the rules of foreign currency operations . 
  some people were even [ sentenced to death ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rokotov%e2%80%93faibishenko_case ) . 
  let me explain . 
  imagine that you have a lot of stores in uk but there are almost no goods ( like [ here ] ( http://chrisniedenthal.com/en/works/sklep-miesny-1980 ) ) . 
  and there is a store where you can buy many things for euros but you ca n't exchange your pounds to euros because you 're just a citizen . 
  the latter is foreign currency store . 
  soviet communism : when the people are equal but some of them more equal than others . 
  plus , you could n't just go and buy foreign currency so the products in those stores were for insignificant amount of foreigners or the party 's chairmen . 
  i wonder why there is a crowd on that photo . 
  the first stocks appeared in the very end of ussr . 
  i think you speak about bonds . 
  khm . 
  in my country they use another methods to estimate amount of poor people . 
  there is calculated value called living wage ( something about 11000 rub / ~ 150eur ) . 
  if you earn lesser , you 're poor according to the government opinion and ca n't afford even basic life conditions ( the minimum wage is below , lol ) . 
  as per this method roughly 20 mil ( 13-14 % ) of russians are poor . 
  another method is based on average salary ( not median ! ) . 
  nowadays it 's about 32600rub ( ~ 445 eur ) . 
  according to this , 70 % of russians are poor . 
  using strict values gives more clear picture i think . 
  what about the cost of life ? 
  is it enough to survive ? 
  it still will be a big swamp . 
  this is the reason to grab more power for erdogan, 
  one of the main goals in internal affairs for current government ( since 2000 ) was terrorism fightning . 
  since then we got a number of stupid laws ` against terrorism ' : some elections has been canceled , separation of powers is now only a principle from the constitution and does n't work , we got stop-list for sites , have almost no free media . 
  just a couple of weeks ago has been passed one more law giving more power to police/national guard and binding isp to keep more information about users . 
  and yet we still have at least two hot zones in the country . 
  they are the same . 
  trust me . 
  i think it can be applied to any language . 
  it 's so stupid that even our propaganda is n't so bad . 
  `` they have deserved it '' , `` he did n't know , it 's local authorities forged orders '' , `` he won the war and get soviet economy boosted '' . 
  try to argue with fanatics . 
  no , it is n't so silly . 
  political views and ideology do n't depend on nationality . 
  being nazi means believing that your race/nation/tribe is superior , so basically russian nazis hate every non-slavic nations . 
  well , the only opposite candidate just got 5 years suspended sentence in replacement of 5 years suspended sentence cancelled by echr . 
  i wonder why russia step into others elections whilst we do n't have ours . 
  there is a correlation between alcohol cosumption and life expectancy indeed , but shall we also consider that food quality and severe weather conditions also make an impact on the life length . 
  i 've read a story when braille sign was under the glass in the bus or tram . 
  when a person noticed it 's not possible to read this one they got an answer that the one who needs will see it . 
  do you have the same for poland ? 
  well , if you have anything serious like cancer you will probably die . 
  it is hard to get to qualified doctor . 
  diagnostic works only in newspapers , many people can live with chronic disease and do n't know about it . 
  some hospitals have modern foreign medical facilities but staff is n't educated properly . 
  others lack of staff and medicines . 
  you do n't want to get sick in russia . 
  especially if you live far from big city . 
  russia - 4.1 % compulsory insurance , paid by employer . 
  if you need something more than receiveng a sick note you have to go to private . 
  just look at the map . 
  we have poland-sized area between black sea and caspian sea . 
  this is almost the only place where you can grow anything , the rest of the country is high-risk agriculture zone . 
  then corruption . 
  one firm is affiliated with our minister of agriculture ( actually it was his firm ) and they squeezed out or took over many smaller companies in that region . 
  the other , according to rumors , is affiliated with our pm . 
  i do n't see how you can start such kind of business in the country because of government-affiliated companies which can get cheap loans and do n't face the red tape . 
  low salaries . 
  first grade wheat is sold to more developed countries whilst local bakeries have to use third grade grain to bake bread . 
  other products are also of bad quality , as people said already , a lot of palm oil and other substitutes are used in cheese , butter and sausages . 
  one of the most popular arguments for sanctions is that `` european ( polish mostly ) farmers suffer losses because they ca n't sell their apples to russia '' . 
  you see , people are happy because someone in other country suffers . 
  there are several republics ( regions , states ) that have their own languages . 
  now we need a pack of cigarettes to estimate their height . 
  1\u0421 is popular because they adapt their platform to frequent changes of russians laws and document changes . 
  is there any significant reason to use it in other countries ? 
  crimea is definitely not ours . 
  * bad map *, 
  it 's hard not to be the greatest if you 're the only . 
  does rurik sound russian ? 
  nice joke . 
  since kievian rus we had only ~ 25 years of res publica . 
  before modern russia there was no any method to influence on the state . 
  the world woud n't be the same in this conditions . 
  the heartland was a nemesis to marine countires like uk and without this counterforce the latter could become the only superpower in the world . 
  what is your focus on then ? 
  only 1/6 of people live in developed countries , others will face ( and face at the moment ) this problem . 
  the same reason why it hard to buy good cheese , butter , milk or sausage in russia . 
  the best goods go to the more developed markets .
