  as a result of this , the balkan countries expanded greatly into the highlands of bulgaria . 
  serbia in particular ended up with kosovo , a predominately albanian region , and much of ottoman macedonia , a predominately bulgarian region , which proved really hard to administer . 
  so after ww1 , during the yugoslav era ( which is what really fucked up the balkans ) new arrangements were made to consolidate power in this regions . 
  to prevent kosovo from seceding to albania , the yugoslavs incorporated it into serbia . 
  to prevent the vardarians from being split between albania and bulgaria and seceding both ways , they constructed the `` macedonian '' identity in the region ( really blatantly , too ) , later reinforced by communist rule in yugoslavia . 
  bulgaria was seen as a great looser at the time so some bulgarians bought into it , but albanians really did n't , and still reject that notion . 
  this is why at the end of the day why some people ( including myself ) feel extremely uneasy about calling this country macedonia . 
  it 's not just the geography . 
  i do n't think it 's appropriate to reinforce yugoslav fantasies . 
  this macedonian thing has split the bulgarian language ( probably the most important slavic language ) . 
  it creates conflict and perpetuates a situation where the major ethic group subjugates the minor one , preventing an honest power sharing deal with the albanians , essentially a new kosovo in the making . 
  all of that so that serbia could hold on on that piece of land it got in the prelude to the 1st world war . 
  i am really of the belief that the country should change its name to vardaria and make its two official language bulgarian and albanian , but since i do n't live in that country , at the end of the day , my opinion is irrelevant , and the only valid argument is the geographic one . 
  but still that 's how i feel about it . 
  same in greek . 
  by any definition , the country does n't consist of the entire geographic region of macedonia ( more like less than half ) , and by some definitions it consists of none or very little of macedonia proper . 
  so in any case you should at least identify which part of macedonia you are talking about : there are the greek macedonian regions , which consist of more land and are more populous than the vardar basin , there is a part of bulgaria called prin that you might want to include in your definition of macedonia , and there is fyr ( for lack of a better term ) macedonia . 
  some people also have legitimate concerns and are extremely uneasy about calling the predominant ethnic group of the vardar basin or their language macedonian . 
  when was the last time church really affected policy making though ? 
  i would argue the early day of christodoulos , correct me if i am wrong . 
  this time is long gone . 
  this comes from an atheist btw , someone who hates this institution : influence is not the same thing as power , the church of greece does have influence in greece , it 's only natural . 
  there are many believers so politicians would prefer to have it good with the church . 
  but it 's important to understand that that 's not the same as power . 
  it 's not the same as , for example britain , where church officials genuinely get appointed to parliament and vote on laws . 
  the church is granted rights by the constitution , not authority . 
  and although those rights are questionable to say the least , it 's still fine by my book , so long as they do n't tell me how to live my life . 
   and we slapped greece our brothers and now we expect them not to recognize kosovo bre !, 
  one has nothing to do with the other !, 
  greeces second article of the constitution effectively prevents the greek government from recognizing any disputed territory . 
  i think this goes for everyone ; call fyr macedonia whatever you want . 
  it 's really not insulting or offensive for us if you call it macedonia , it 's just ignorant , and people really ca n't be blamed for it . 
  you talked about drug addicts , this is exactly the case . 
  really the problem of drug addition is n't the drug itself or any substance , but the situation that leads to abuse . 
  a persons withdrawal from a drug has nothing to do with the drug itself , how much or little of it lies around , but it 's rather about connection with others and having opportunities , escape routes . 
  people , collectively as much as individually , can really only help themselves , change themselves . 
  the only requirement is wether they are able to , or not . 
  greece , under this climate is barely able to recover . 
  i do n't think it should be that way . 
  i do n't think we should celebrate what the government has been doing , or that we should throw more european taxpayers money into the black hole that is greek clientalism . 
  but if in europe of the 21st century a country is allowed into a great depression , i think that 's also an extreme . 
  you 're right , i just fail to see how that justifies anything . 
  this really is a problem that the greek government , and to some extent one that a part of the greek populace and their culture brought , but i still ca n't understand why greece should n't be left to recover because of that . 
  the crisis has actually reinforced the ethos of the entitled public employee , because they are now effectively the only ones that the tax authority does n't tax out of business . 
  the security of being the useless government subsidized worker , is now , due to the unfavorable economic climate , far more valuable , and thus incentive to maintain the current outlandish public sector and job benefits is now stronger than ever in the mind of politicians , and voters . 
  if you think that by starving the country out of money you 're helping with the ethos , i am afraid you 're gravely mistaken . 
  in fact the opposite is true . 
  unless a society is allowed to have an economic climate that allows for , and incenticivize entrepreneurship , the culture of dependency will always keep being reinforced . 
  if people have no choice but to depend , they will depend . 
  grexit is an established term . 
  in fact we started the whole thing , give us some credit / s, 
  no we do n't . 
  according to the interior ministry we have approximately 260.000 migrants from non european countries , and yes , that includes refugees and a rather inflated estimate on illegal immigrants . 
  japan can set interest rates and print their cash . 
  we ca n't . 
   because they were so freaking behind the requirements for a monetary union . 
  although in 2001 , that certainly was the case , by 2005-2006 the situation in greece was really on point , much more than many other countries in the eurozone at the time , and it was n't just on paper either . 
  greece would have been accepted in the currency sooner or later before 2009 . 
  plus by , let 's say 2007 , it was other countries that were breaking maastricht rules . 
  i think linking the currency with the debt crisis is a bit disingenuous . 
  the currency does n't create debt , policy does . 
  greece is in a great depression not thanks to a currency or a currency union , but thanks to really bad policy that persisted for decades . 
  and if the eurozone has managed to keep the greek crisis largely contained , there should n't even be rules for joining the currency . 
  all of these are n't irregular over time , so if you keep the data and apply corrections , it seems feasible to me . 
  plus , camera algorithms are n't so dumb . 
  you could still theoretically get a lot of accuracy this way , definitely not the kind of accuracy for this application , but still having a spacecraft orbiting for the sole purpose of being a clock would be a fun project . 
  wait ... that 's actually quite smart . 
  knowing the orbital speed , velocity and the position of the earth and the sun , that 's only a camera away from telling the time . 
  maybe not the same as atomic clocks , but close enough , especially if you take the speed of light into account , and correct over time . 
  please when it inevitably becomes kosovo 2.0 , just make a deal with albania and split it orderly without much fuzz . 
  we really do n't need another great war in the balkans , especially one right next to our borders . 
  same here , except espresso usually costs 1,50 and nobody gets it . 
  whatever is good costs at least 2 euro for a takeout coffee and 4 euros for a sitin coffee . 
  i think the very idea that we 're even talking about turkey joining the eu is a mistake . 
  it was always a mistake . 
  we were initially fine with it because we figured it would help improve the situation there and solve the cypriot thing . 
  and for a while it seemed to work , even . 
  we got the annan plan out of it and some genuinely good developments in turkey . 
  but it came at a cost . 
  turkey was n't ever particularly democratic , was n't ever particularly secular and is simply not built on the same concepts and principles as our countries . 
  and that matters . 
  in the beginnings of the eec , morocco sent a formal application to join . 
  the leaders of europe refused overnight . 
  `` to even talk about the prospect of a country like morocco joining our family will damage the fabric of our vision for europe beyond repair '' . 
  that 's how important the european vision was for the leaders back then . 
  they understood that even talking about countries outside the european sphere joining was poison to the union , the idea that we would either have to lower the bar for entry or if one of our own decended to dictatorship , we should just `` accept it because it 's not unlike another country in the european family '' , that idea gave them nightmares . 
  this idea should still give nightmares to our leaders . 
  a compromise with turkey and the very prospect of them joining the eu is by far the biggest threat to europe there is . 
  not really . 
  the french are just like us , being vocal and complaining about everything but not really doing stuff about it . 
   abomination of an illustration nope , i just traced the coastline [ on an estimate ] ( http://imgur.com/a/8xosk ) . 
  it 's pretty spot on . 
   greece and italy form one nation how so ? 
  if you would have a union of the germanic peoples , would n't it make sense to have the latin peoples rather than italy and greece , a hellenic nation ? 
  and why would the netherlands want to unite with germany in the first place ? 
  i just fail to see the logic in this . 
  and with bandiaterra too !, 
   tfw the pound will be weaker than the dollar by the end of the year with president trump ... who knows ? 
   that the countries were n't paying what they 're supposed to pay . 
  yes , and in retrospect we probably should n't have , either .
