  great britain as in ( \u039c\u03b5\u03b3\u03ac\u03bb\u03b7 \u0392\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03b1\u03bd\u03af\u03b1 - megali vretania ) was adopted at some point , but for the country , never for the island . 
  these are amazing names . 
  i hate guy who coined the term britain now . 
  wait he was greek ? 
  sorry for that . 
  this is only partly true . 
  see , the balkans were for the most part lucky . 
  being much less accessible and rebellious , they were slowly granted rights , even autonomy in some cases . 
  in greece many of the governments that are today greek peripheries ( and the territory of mount athos of course ) have centuries of government history before there was a greece as local governments or even in some cases autonomous regions of the ottoman empire , even going as far as having militias that ultimately led to revolt and independence . 
  but anatolia was n't that lucky . 
  since it was the heartland of the empire , it always ruled much more harshly and was seen for the most part and for the most time as the `` dominion of the turks '' . 
  many christian communities were either forcibly converted or executed or driven off the land during centuries of ottoman rule . 
  the reality of it is that by the 20th century most of the damage had already been done . 
  christian populations represented a tiny minority and were vulnerable , that 's when turkish nationalism appeared at the scene and finished the job . 
  but for the millions of removed , forcibly converted or dead christians in the middle east in the past 7 centuries and even to this day , nationalism is hardly to blame . 
  it 's islamism that did and still does the most damage to these communities . 
  do n't expect him to resign or run for reelection on a new platform when he looses though . 
  gym 's expensive y' all !, 
  one or two come to mind . 
  it 's turkey . 
  bi is literally in the term lgbt !, 
  i think we 're missing the bigger question here which is ; if i you 're not a queer , what 's up with that stick stick up your ass ? 
  i do n't see why , either tbh . 
  we 're basically fuckling you over and you 're rewarding us by forgiving our debt . 
  fuck that shit m i right ? 
  who does that ? 
  needless to say i will be expecting ww2 loans from germany that were previously forgiven to be repaid now . 
  do n't forget the interest on that too !, 
   genocidal fascist trump this is reality tv levels of drama queen . 
   encryption backdoors the fact that people still think this is possible is amazing . 
  edit : to all those commenting : it 's possible . 
  holy shit man , you guys do n't get it either . 
  surely the eu or any government can try to introduce sceemes to replace the current encryption systems in big apps with others . 
  they can even outlaw traditional encryption methods alltogether , and surely the big players will comply with this . 
  in theory all the apps you use will be accessible by master keys `` aka the backdoor '' . 
  which is troubling to say the least . 
  but since all that will never stop a guy in his basement from getting old code from github and making his own tottaly illegal but still perfectly encrypted apps , people with bad intentions will not be affected by this rulling at all . 
  you ca n't ban ideas . 
  its impossible !, 
  51 % of \u0394\u0395\u0397\u0394\u0395 ( the grid ) or \u0394\u0395\u0397 ( the state provider ) ? 
  dude you 're so lucky where you are . 
  but the energy market is now entirely privatized . 
  no thanks , we 're waiting for fusion . 
  fission is dangerous where there are earthquakes and nuclear waist is a bummer . 
  if klitiki counts as a separate clause then english should have 2 because it has it too . 
  it 's basically name calling : hey ____ !, 
   guerilla warfare is different . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's still warfare and in fact it 's the closest thing to modern warfare your country has done and you suck at it . 
  you suck hard . 
  do you honestly believe that turkey can withstand organized intelligence and cyber warfare from greek intelligence ? 
  do you think the eu gave us enisa ( the joint information and cyber agency ) for no reason ? 
  or do you honestly believe that the european intelligence community wont tear your communication and information networks to pieces ? 
  good luck commanding an army without those . 
   anyway no you have worse naval and air force and far far worse land army . 
  delusional . 
  if you 're the one advancing on a foreign country you would need to overwhelm the enemy and you ca n't even scratch us currently . 
   and dont expect your `` buddies in eu '' to help you . 
  we do n't even have to ask them . 
  [ they have to ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/summary/glossary/mutual_defence.html ) . 
  i know it 's a hard concept for a turk but some countries sign treaties and mean it . 
  in fact many eu navy ships are already here . 
  liberate western thrace and cyprus from what ? 
  pesky human rights and the rule of law ? 
   ca n't we just replace turkey in nato with israel this guy is onto something . 
  i for one welcome the secession of western turkey into a secular modern republic we can work with . 
   macedonians in greece not sure if actual hellenic macedonians or `` macedonian '' slavs . 
  it 's hard to say , turkey has a bigger military with better strike capability but they would be fighting against a better greek navy and airforce in our own backyard , meaning surrounded by greek airbases and naval installations . 
  btw : no they are n't . 
  greeks and turks can agree on that much : gyros ( or d\u00f6ner as the turks call it ) is a way of cooking the meat ( by spinning it ) and kebab a kind of meat mixture ( 50 % lamb and 50 % veal although there is no general agreement to that ) . 
  in turkey , almost all d\u00f6ner comes in kebab form , but in greece gyros with a kebab recipe is almost unheard of , rather , we traditionally spin pork and chicken instead . 
  tldr : gyros is the way meat is grilled ( by spinning constantly ) , kebab is the kind of meat . 
   i think tsirpas is capable enough to be commander in chief in an actual war against turkey said no one , ever . 
  pfff ... 
  although true in theory , turks ca n't defeat a couple thousand fucking gorilla-warrior kurds in their own country , now they 'll try to advance by air and sea on a country with 72 % of their striking capability with a better air-force and navy , and one with a shit ton more allies that are far more committed ? 
  apart from the fact that better armed is n't enough to win a war , especially when it 's one country moving in on another , alliances are n't taken into account . 
  i 'd like to see turkey go against the eu and maybe even the un security council ( turns out we have it better with every single one of the 5 big guys ) . 
   greece threatening turkey is a little like ireland threatening the uk . 
  actually in terms of strike capability we 're rather comparable to turkey . 
  it 's the resources department that turkey has us beat , but one can not honestly think that nato and the eu wo n't mobilize on our side . 
  just let the people do what they want . 
  most of them are n't even believers they just do it for the lolz . 
  if it 's bellow the age of consent of course it 's a crime . 
  but is this what he really said , now ? 
  a general stance in favor of gay relationships between young and older men is now pedo sympathizing ? 
  wow , just wow . 
  is it really about a war though ? 
  is n't it about the concept of liberty itself ? 
   we knew thee of old ,  oh , divinely restored ,  by the lights of thine eyes ,  and the light of thy sword . 
   from the graves of our slain ,  shall thy valour prevail ,  as we greet thee again ,  hail , oh liberty !, 
  this show is on every 2nd monday , so ... that 's probably why . 
  but do they use the same term as marriage or is it just a bumped up civil union ? 
   are n't we already paying you to do just that ? 
   the medi states need to handle their own bloody borders - i am embarassed for them . 
  absolutely ridiculous that even on this they 're trying to shift blame to the northerners . 
  i am embarrassed for the way my government is handling borders too , i hope we have a real government soon , a government that will stop my country turning into the biggest human smuggling organization in human history , but that does n't make what i said any less true . 
  it 's not just greeks and italians who can walk from the south to the north , it 's also the trespassers . 
  and it 's not unreasonable to ask for help from the north either . 
  just because you are n't surrounded by dipshit countries like turkey and egypt and you do n't have wars and migrant flows in your region does n't mean everyone is as lucky . 
  you dismantled any real borders you had long ago .
