  it 's in the same law . 
  it 's interesting because here in greece we do include slovenia and romanian in the balkans , but not ourselves most of the time . 
  i do n't know how that works . 
  probably it 's the east west thinking of the cold war coming though but it also could be that in many crucial aspects greece is very different than other balkan countries . 
  we 're more than 100 years older as a country , we were part of western alliances from the very beginning , even downright religiously were different , people here are ecumenists , and want union with rome . 
  and i mean geographically were all but completely cut off from the rest of you guys . 
  i think greek culture is unique in europe . 
  it 's not really shared with any other country , except cyprus . 
  it has common points with balkan , italian , and some turkish elements , but at the end of the day i think it 's bone of those . 
  it 's something by itself , and so i would n't include us into any balkan cultural zone . 
  maybe some areas in northern greece . 
  omg literally all the statements above !, 
  it 's the same in greece . 
  but i think the idea is to end that , so that people pay their taxes . 
  paywall !, 
   i do n't find it democratic . 
  why 4 and not 8 licences ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  money is the point . 
  the greek public will benefit enormously from this . 
  digia the company that runs the digital broadcast service right now , can support 12 hd nation wide channels in addition to all the regional stuff . 
  this is the upper limit . 
  remember , the greek public paid for that , and currently owns none of that . 
  in no other country is that the case . 
  with the governments plan to issue half as many licences as there are channels , they want to artificially inflate the price of a licence . 
  so that when the spectrum laws kick in and the government truly owns 8/12 of those frequencies , these frequencies will be more valuable as a result of this competition and this arbitrary limit . 
  so the whole idea of limiting the amount of channels is actually really smart . 
  it turns air from a liability to an asset . 
  the number 4 in particular is kind of shady . 
  the idea behind it comes from italy and it 's market oriented , at least at its surface . 
  the idea is to try to limit the amount of channels to the amount of ad revenue the market can generate at a given time . 
  by doing this , they try so that tv channels are healthy businesses who can afford to run themselves on adds and not on shady stuff like donations from politicians and interest groups . 
  so yeah , i see the logic , i just think it 's a bit retarded of a reason , i would rather have the number set to the point where the tv spectrum value would be the most profitable for the state . 
  i am sure nd will issue more licenses in the current system if they get elected , so it 's going to even out . 
   systematically , i 've observed that articles criticising syriza and its politics in greece are downvoted . 
  yes because most of them are cringeworhty for even me and i never even voted for syriza !, 
  criticism is one thing , screaming bullshit at any reform any government attempts to do is another . 
   i would like to see the link about that no station will close or other auctions will take place if its possible . 
  thanx [ here ] ( http://www.cnn.gr/news/ellada/story/44584/kretsos-akoloythoyn-oi-perifereiakes-adeies-akyri-i-syzitisi-gia-thematikes ) is the government discussing with channels which auctions to perform next . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.tovima.gr/files/1/2015/10/19/adeiestv.pdf ) is the final draft of the bill on providing licenses that made it into law in its entirety , it does n't disclose the amount of licenses , just a formula for estimating that amount given the advertising profits at the time , which any government is free to ignore and issue as many licenses . 
  obviously you can translate them to get an idea . 
  i can ` find any source for this anywhere but i saw in the news that 90 days after the official licences will be handed to those who paid for them , the state communications agency will request the rights to the spectrum be handed to the public from the numerous broadcasting firms . 
  and that 's it . 
  they wo n't be able to broadcast through the airwaves if they had n't rented the rights to do so first . 
  nothing else will change . 
  no channel will be cut from air suddenly , they will still have the right to broadcast online , on satellite and cable and everywhere else !, 
  if this is a law with the purpose of silencing the media , it 's a terrible one at that . 
  it 's totally untrue and that 's why it was removed . 
  the greek government passed a law requiring all spectrum providers like tv channels to acquire licenses . 
  4 of them are being licensed in the first auction . 
  there will be more auctions , and no channels are going to be forced shut downs until the last auction in like 2018 ? 
  this happens with all providers of spectrum in greece except the big news channels , who have ( of course ) turned it into a `` freedom of the press issue '' even though it is n't . 
  it 's about licensing spectrum . 
   wtf greece the situation is literally this : greek media : it 's fine operating without licenses and outside the spectrum laws other providers had to work by . 
  greek government : maybe we should pass a law to auction the first 4 licenses . 
  right guys ? 
  greek media : what a terrible precedent !, 
  omg save the press , we will be forced to pay to license spectrum like other companies , this will kill freedom of the press in greece , we will be controlled by the government like that tv channel in north korea , why only 4 licenses what will happen to the rest of us ? 
  : faints : it 's bs . 
  still ca n't into nordic though . 
  hard to even keep track of this shit anymore . 
  many see no difference between eastern european immigrants and people from the middle east . 
  people will usually tend to be the most displeased with the majority group of immigrants to greece at a given time . 
  this has changed a lot , from albanians , bulgarians , romanians , poles , ukrainians , russians , to now arabs , filipino and pakistanis , and will keep changing as immigration patterns change . 
  society here responds petty negatively to immigrants . 
  i think this is good , because i 've seen for a fact that this makes people actually assimilate . 
  next thing , greece and italy declare mare nostrum . 
  some of them actually are good ideas . 
  like ... fuck curved bananas !, 
   deliberately snubbed by the government for criticising them earlier on . 
  or maybe the government decided at the last minute to hold the presidential thing and she was already abroad . 
  it 's not unthinkable . 
  `` fellow ladies and gentlemen , meps of the european parliament , the `` european union fuck yeah initiative '' or eufyi has passed by majority . '', 
  `` it is now eu law that uk number plates be banned , as well as curved bananas , prawn cocktail crisps , double decker buses , and mushy peas . 
  it is also now eu law that all gardens in britain be dug up and any toys found be given to david cameron , he knows what to do with them . '', 
  you know ... to get the article 50 thing going ... 
  i am done with all this bs . 
  if anyone buys into the narrative that the greek parties have cultivated over the past 5 years that the greek political scene is in no way responsible for everything and that the imf and the eu are the ones responsible for the situation in greece , seek help at this point . 
  after 3 government lead by 3 different political parties , nothing has changed because of this `` we 're the victim '' mentality . 
  greece really is treated like lamb , by our own politicians you fucking morons !, 
  pokemon go is to blame for italy 's earthquake confirmed . 
  honest question : why is it so barren ? 
  where are all the trees in the mountains ? 
  these look like those in the aegean islands where there is no water , not something you would see in the balkan mainland . 
  thanks, 
  dude he is clearly joking . 
  i am hooked at this shit . 
  thank you guy who posted these here !, 
  this happened because the greek government has utterly failed to provide intensives for people who do n't want to live in peripheries other than attica . 
  it was bad planning for the get-go , the government was always really centralized and so business tended to be centralized too . 
  to the point where atticas population is about 4 million people now . 
  this is really hard to reverse . 
  there are little things to do nowadays outside the 2 major cities ( athens and salonica ) , and the government wont help you do things everywhere else . 
  [ this is a disaster . 
  i remember the big earthquake of 1999 , it was september before school had started and i was living with my grandfathers . 
  their apartment was at the 4rth floor of a 70s building . 
  i was playing with my gameboy at the time . 
  i still remember it . 
  it was only 5,9 richters but somehow it was the most violent shaking i 've ever experienced during an earthquake , i suppose it was really close , maybe even within the boundaries of greater athens . 
  my grandmother grabbed me and we run down the stairs .
