  you do n't have such a program . 
  it 's not about being prosecuted , it 's about whether or not they are likely to undergo inhumane or disproportional punishment . 
  please do n't confuse this for working visas the criteria there are entirely different and it 's never permanent . 
  the motive of escaping a country is irrelevant , what our constitution considers a protected person of foreign nationality has entirely to do with the treatment they will receive if they are returned . 
  i can only assume germany had a similar assessment . 
  it 's because it 's the best option for eu citizenship by investment right now . 
  in reality it 's probably the cheapest if opportunity costs are weight in , since no additional costs are required for citizenship and you do n't even have to live there , just wait for 6 years after you register . 
  the leadership of golden dawn and many prominent members are in prison and have been for years . 
  it 's not like they are tolerated and left to roam the streets . 
  their trial is one of the most complicated in greek judicial history and is talking place right now . 
  please do n't bring us into this ... 
  it 's very limited and like all regional rule , national law precedes it , except in that one case when one supreme court decided that it did n't , but i do n't really understand it . 
  the basics is that the muslims of thrace get some powers that they used to have in the ottoman empire , which the treaty refers to as powers from `` time immemorial '' . 
  it 's actually very common in greece , it 's basically the reason that mount athos exists . 
  as of cyprus , in the republic of cyprus ( southern cyprus ) turkish is a legit official language . 
  good question . 
  i actually wanted to elaborate more on that . 
  greek citizenship can be acquired in 6 ways : by birthright , nurture , relation , adoption , conscription , and a citizenship act . 
  assuming that the person who wants to acquire it is above the age of 18 , not of greek ancestry and not related or married to a greek citizen , the only 2 real options are conscription and the citizenship act . 
  conscription is basically the only way you can get greek citizenship though . 
  it is n't exactly mandatory , but citizenship acts are extremely rare , reserved for two purposes : either the president grants someone honorary citizenship , or a previously unincorporated territory of greece is incorporated into the republic and its people become greek citizens . 
  ( last time this happened was in 1947 when the dodecanese were incorporated into what was then the kingdom of greece ) . 
  but anyway , back to conscription : you have to join the military for 9 months , like other conscripts among the citizenry . 
  at the end , everyone takes their oath of citizenship . 
  this is literally my 1st footnote , but i tried to make it as simple as possible so i do n't go into much detail , and i wo n't go here either . 
  the information on the chart is accurate . 
  basically the eb-5 investor visa will apply to you if your initial investment is more than 1.000.000 dollars in real estate and you then want to reside in the us , regardless of you making an otherwise investment in business , stocks or the job market . 
  it 's not called a `` golden visa '' but if you meet that specific criteria it 's virtually indistinguishable from one , only it 's a bit more complicated than the european equivalents . 
  i know it 's technically a legal loophole , but it still remains a very real prospect , and it has the lowest requirement for citizenship of another country so i still felt the need to include it . 
  here you go , no joke . 
  http://www.telefonoamico.it/ as half italian i honestly think it 's necessary . 
  i can not stress this enough : greece is among the safest countries in the world for both residents and visitors . 
  there is a substantial lower terror threat in greece than in the vast majority of european countries ( which are still collectively among the lowest in the world ) , we have what is probably the most complete disaster prevention and assistance infrastructure in the world for stuff like earthquakes and disasters at sea , and a very low rate of crimes against life . 
  it does n't matter where you 're from . 
  while it 's true that pretty much all turkish speaking communities are in western thrace , turkish along with pomak are recognized official languages in the entire province of eastern macedonia and western thrace , in administration as well as in education . 
  [ eastern macedonia and thrace is a single province ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/place/east+macedonia+and+thrace/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x14addaf7f6ed864f:0x100bd2ce2b9c5b0?sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjiwphtkartahwnk1akhf2wa8iq8geigqewdw ), 
  this is referring to a particular kind of permit often called a `` golden visa '' , which is basically permanent residency in exchange for investment in some areas , mostly in real estate . 
  germany does n't have such a program . 
   unlike some other european countries germany does not offer a golden visa for investment . 
  however like the uk , france and belgium , germany does offer an entrepreneur visa to encourage investment in industry . 
  there is no minimum requirement but applicants must invest sufficient funds to establish a business and create jobs . 
  in return a visa is granted for 3 years which will lead to permanent residence ( pr ) and eventually citizenship after 5 years . 
  such entrepreneur visas are quite distinct from the passive real estate investment visas offered by the likes of portugal and spain that require minimum connection with the country . 
   / r/prequelmemes this is the kind of thing that i should give gold to . 
  thank you . 
  i was wondering how imvros and tenedos ( or g\u00f6k\u00e7eada and bozcaada ) voted . 
  they are blank on this image . 
  is there a way to know how they voted ? 
  ( percentages and all ), 
  this is basically our integration score . 
  we failed . 
  some more than others . 
  but we all failed to a degree . 
   250k euro in assets in greece will get you a ~ ~ greek citizenship ~ ~ golden visa . 
  which means you 'll be staying for as long as you please . 
  you will then be able to serve the armed forces if you 're under 30 , and become a greek citizen . 
  the septinisular republic was independent and a vassal of france and then britain longer than it was venetian . 
  the venetians are just cooler and left a bigger impact than the rest . 
  i for one never understood why the euro is remotely to blame for our systemic problems . 
  it 's not like the euro itself is perfect but there are many examples of countries that are thriving in the eurozone and our stupid government does its best to not emulate them . 
  that 's not europe 's problem . 
  for the most part the euro system is much better now , compared to the free-for-all that it was in 2008 . 
  with the banking union and the fiscal rules in place a debt crisis like this is extremely unlikely to reappear in the future in any eurozone economy , and seeing that every other country in europe is doing mostly fine , maybe now it 's time to blame the greek government and not the euro , do n't you think ? 
  i just want to observe that literally every tradition there is probably came about from a guy being thoroughly drunk and doing some stupid shit that the town found amusing somehow ... 
  probably because they were drunk themselves ... and possibly vaped . 
  i mean just look at all traditions : it 's either oops i broke this !, 
  or oops i set fire to the armory !, 
  or oops i accidentally fired freaking rockets at the church next door !, 
  what does that have to do wit my anything ? 
  the truth is n't different for serbs . 
  he did crown him , he just did n't pick him . 
  but the patriarch is n't above the ceasar . 
  the church does n't influence or control the government in the eastern orthodox tradition , the government does it to the church . 
  the ceasar appoints the patriarch . 
  not the opposite . 
  null move . 
  our earthquake policy is better than japan 's . 
  shorter buildings make evacuation easier . 
  well it strikes me cause it 's common here for bakeries and liquor stores to be open all days . 
  even at christmas and new years . 
  it 's polite to bring sweets and/or liquor with you when visiting family and it 's usually bought on the way there . 
  it 's a vital service . 
  yep . 
  nobody really does it but in good friday you are n't supposed to have any olive oil . 
  i mean ... 
  this is clearly the most logical after a dedicated utility room . 
  you undress in the bathroom to take a bath . 
  that 's where the basket for worn clothes is . 
  do people in other countries take trips with their dirty laundry around the house ? 
  you ca n't fucking buy alcohol on christmas ? 
  that 's so fucking wrong on so many levels . 
  actually i think us fasting even olive oil is stupider than that . 
  i mean think of a mediterranean food without olive oil . 
  that 's right , there is n't any , but you can drink to forget , i guess . 
  the orthodox church wants you to starve to death on good friday , which makes the no alcohol equivilant seem pretty pedestrian . 
  i think the saudis are extra dicks because they have a particular sect of islam , which by the looks of it asks of everything : how can we be completely fucking unenlightened ? 
  and then proceeds to do just that . 
  well it would probably be the same as in the eastern mediterranean . 
  ie : greek lingua franca and then other languages replace it and absorb much of its vocabulary . 
  hellinistic powers did n't force greek on their subjects quite the same way that the romans and the arabs did .
