  conservative in the sense of christy values people and liberal in the sense of ... a bit more open minded , more outgoing ... 
  i do n't know . 
  in my mind it 's not political at all . 
  they would n't want to be a micro-state . 
  the whole idea of mount athos is that the people who go there want nothing to do with the outside world , instead devoting themselves to jesus and whatnot . 
  so they historically had whatever strong or nearby country they could find , deal with the state stuff on their behalf , so that they wo n't have to . 
  pitogyro is souvlaki . 
  it 's been like that for the past 100 years where i live . 
  it 's a legit term . 
   because reasons . 
  mount athos is a part of greece only in the technical sense . 
  laws passed by the greek parliament do not apply in mount athos . 
  athonian citizens do n't vote on national elections , they have their own charter ( constitution ) and their own system of government , with their own citizenship rights and everything . 
  they are exempted from all eu taxes and regulations too . 
  is n't the very fact that a decree of a bishop in the 9th century takes precedent over the greek constitution 10 centuries later , allowing the existence of a territory in greece in which women are denounced and forbidden to enter , enough of a joke for ya ? 
  the real divisions are last . 
  it 's kalamaki . 
  fight me !, 
   it 's a really bad exaggeration . 
  because everything else is so accurate . 
  remember kids these are highly educational posts . 
  vast majority of goods consumed in greece are produced in greece too . 
   how does it benefit society to let someone like that walk around with absolutely no consequences it does n't . 
  which is why this is not what happens . 
  the person is regularly visited by social workers and phychologists . 
  his movements are restricted and he must report to the police about his actions , his mood and even who visits him or not . 
  local police knows about his residence and conduct frequent visits to his home . 
  if he is found doing anything without telling the police , abusing substances , being visited by people without informing the authorities , back to prison he goes . 
  he is not allowed to travel or leave the country at that time . 
  only criminals that the social workers consider to be at high risk of escaping are tracked with gps bracelets . 
  neighbors are always informed and given special priority to inform the police in case something goes wrong . 
  the system is actually pretty solid , although definitely not uneatable , and has a much greater correction track record than incarceration . 
  a girl died because a person killed her , and that 's all there is to it . 
  that person went to great extents to break greek laws , escape greek home custody , smuggle himself out of greece where he is wanted and lied constantly for the chance to rape and kill that girl . 
  even if he went to jail as his sentenced and was released 10 years later , it 's safe to assume that his resolve to commit crimes was such that nothing could have stopped him for doing something similar after he was freed . 
  but the same is not the case for dozens of kids who commit crimes and really need the social and psychological treatment instead of being thrown into a jail cell and forgotten about . 
  life sentences for people who at the time of their crime ( any crime ) could n't even sign a document or provide consent is utterly inhumane . 
   for attempted murder ? 
  even for committing murder this most often is the case . 
  getting imprisoned for 10-20 years at a young age wo n't teach a person anything , it will most likely fuck them up even more . 
  he was n't `` released '' . 
  he claimed to be juvenile and won his right to home restriction and psychological assistance over incarceration . 
  a practice that is common place for juvenile criminals in multiple european countries , including germany . 
  it could have easily happened the other way around , where he would have been arrested and prosecuted in germany , handed a prison sentence there which then would have gotten replaced with treatment for juveniles outside prison , and escaped to greece where our dumb authorities would n't take his fingerprints and would n't know that he was a wanted criminal before giving him residency . 
  governments are sovereign . 
  we could technically write new laws that say that we have no debt , and since it would be the law of the land , nobody could dispute that ( essentially defaulting ) . 
  doing so would result in being in worse financial shit than we are now . 
   that girls blood is on my fucking governments hands no it is n't . 
  a mistake that lead to the loss of a `` juvenile '' home inmate under supervision is n't the same as :  lying to the police  breaking multiple laws  smuggling oneself out of the country  lying to the next country over  raping a young girl  and killing her afterwards yes there is blame to go around , and if possible we should compensate the girls family and work with them to provide as much information as we have . 
  but it 's not like tsipras stabbed that girl with a sword on a state visit . 
  i am sure there are other countries in schengen where you can request home restriction and psychological assistance over imprisonment for juvenile criminals even for murder cases . 
  i think saying this is disingenuous . 
  this is not the only way for a juvenile to escape a prison sentence . 
  there probably have been juveniles that have committed murders that have been home sentenced . 
  please read again . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  well yeah , that 's a problem , but to be perfectly fair ( and kind of the devils advocate in this case ) , his crime in greece was n't substantial basis for him not to be detained at home instead of prison , especially considering his juvenile status . 
  i would have expected a suspended sentence with home detention and consulting of this kind if a greek kid robbed and pushed someone of a cliff and they survived . 
  in fact i have the feeling that if he was greek , his sentence would have been common sense , would n't it ? 
  we would all expect him to be detained at home , home-schooled for a period of time and his parents be responsible for his actions regularly reporting to the police and social workers for patterns in his behavior , as well as him receiving psychological assistance . 
  there have been murder cases where this was the sentence , and know what ? 
  i have no problem with this . 
  and i am sure most of you do n't either . 
  you know full well that if anything has a chance of preventing future criminal behavior of an adolescent , it 's this . 
   but that 's assuming whitey kid improves , afghans obviously wo n't , so he should jail and shit . 
  is that what you 're thinking ? 
  so yes , i understand that it is tragic that this girl in germany died , and there should be more oversight in our side when we apply home sentences ( because there objectively is n't much , the police kind of sucks in that regard , and they 've been bad like this for years ) . 
  but that 's all the fault there is from our part . 
  an oversight , the state is responsible for no more . 
  he broke sentencing law . 
  he smuggled himself out of the country . 
  he murdered that girl . 
  we did n't . 
   do you think this has anything to do with greece electing europe 's only far left government ? 
  greece is a democratic country with an independent judiciary . 
  the courts take no orders from the government . 
  which , to be fair , arrested this individual , and presented him to a court . 
  it was the justice system ( meaning the interpretation and application of the laws ) that set him effectively free ( he and his family committed a crime by not informing the police of his whereabouts as should ) . 
  turkeys capital is ankara so it sounds about right . 
  for greece the metropolitan area of athens has about 3.0 million people living there , so real number is about 29 % . 
  edit : fixed from 3.5 to 3.0 . 
  i genuinely do that . 
  it 's literally my second highest expense after rent . 
  i just ca n't stop . 
  to get the good kind of coffee at home it almost costs as much and i waste so much time that i do n't even bother . 
  pensioners get stuff because they actually vote . 
  they are a huge voting block that has a ton of power . 
  young people do n't vote in mass , do n't vote constantly , so governments do n't give 2 shits about us . 
  thats why we never get anything . 
  people who are indifferent to the game , are irrelevant to the fate of the game . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  this . 
  he should go somewhere where there are n't a lot of turks . 
  it would also help if he denounced your citizenship . 
  i fucking would in his place . 
  yay for even more military spending and longer conscriptions for greece and cyprus !, 
  a lot of people are idiots . 
  speaking what they think is not necessarily a good thing . 
  and with no oversight from greek or european taxpayers which is why we need a common debt . 
  historically , it 's because the navies of poros , psara and kithira liberated attica during the greek war of independence .
