  in the middle we create a kremlin like fortress , call it agenor ( if call it anything else they 'd fuck up ) and put everything in it . 
  there you go . 
  europe 's capital !, 
  i am not sold that something similar should happen for the olympics though . 
  maybe rebrand patras as new olympia ? 
  it 's fairly accessible and close to the ancient olympia . 
  and soon will be linked with high speed train to athens . 
  but yeah . 
  i am not really against the idea of new cities . 
  all cities were new at some point . 
  i know this may sound strange to people , especially those who have visited greece in the heat of the summer , but greece is a mountainous country and gets pretty reliable rain and snow in the winter months . 
  the reasons for us not hosting the winter olympics isnt a lack of ice but a lack of interest . 
  we have never gotten a single metal in the winter olympics . 
  it would be the biggest fuck you in the world for the nordic countries , austria and switzerland of we were to permanently host them . 
  implying that we would would also host the world cup forever ? 
  that sounds like a horrible idea . 
  the point is for our economy to get a boost , not fifa . 
  why does the opening ceremony need be about a country ? 
  our opening ceremony in 2004 was about the struggle of mankind to understand and to evolve . 
  sure it had many greek elements but it did n't have to . 
  the games are n't about greece anymore . 
  everyone should feel welcome participating in them and watching them !, 
  if the games come here for good , the style of the opening ceremonies would have to change . 
  we did the first olympics after 9/11 and everything went fine . 
  dozens of people tried to attack , and we caught every single terrorist suspect before they even stepped foot on greek soil . 
  we have done this at a time of worst craze and we certainly can do it again . 
  yes . 
  during the 1900s . 
  but now with everyone having tvs and the internet , do we really care where the olympics take place ? 
  the first modern olympiad took place in greece though . 
  you mean a classical stadium like [ this one ] ( http://guide2athens.gr/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/the-birthplace-of-the-olympic-games.jpg ) , except 3 times bigger ? 
  as much as i like the idea i think its highly impractical . 
   they could actually stop spending once they build everything they need to host games , as opposed to spending extra on showing how great the country is and so on . 
  i am not convinced on that . 
  first of all new sports are being introduced all the time , meaning new venues would need to be built when sports are introduced . 
  in addition , actually having to maintain the complexes is prohibitively expensive which is why most countries including us , do n't bother . 
  most of our stadiums are already made to be demolished when we find better uses for the land , most of london 's stadiums were made to be demolished as well , they just happen to have a housing crisis so it happened faster . 
  anyway , i am not convinced it is viable in the long run , unless the government becomes really smart about it and turns athens into an international athletics capital by bidding to perma-host all the international events in addition to the olympics . 
  actually it was athens , but that net benefit came 10 years later in 2014 after the olympic authority of athens broke even at the cost of abandoning half the stadiums and charging fortunes to use the others . 
  this is n't entirely false , but it 's misleading . 
  the olympic village , [ the facilities at hellenicon ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/160307151339-refugees-athens-baseball-stadium-exlarge-169.jpg ) and the beach volley stadium are the only ones that are abandoned but to be fair they were meant to be abandoned from the very beginning . 
  [ the tae kwo do stadium ] ( http://www.athensattica.gr/media/k2/items/cache/b9c35e3fcf0de846f7c39f9e365dc536_l.jpg ) is n't abandoned , neither are the venues on [ faliro ] ( http://static.in.gr/webstatic/906f76d69c152284b6a91e04f8048f1d.jpg ) , or the [ olympic stadium ] ( http://content-mcdn.sentragoal.gr/filesystem/images/20100321/low/pegasus_large_t_1041_13248482.jpg ) . 
  if a stadium can pay for itself then there is no good reason for the government to abandon it or sell the land around it . 
  the rugby and kayak stadiums are abandoned because nobody cares about those sports here anyway . 
  and maybe you have n't noticed , but in the last year the government has sold [ hellenicon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf5ujxvp_yq ) and the beach volley stadium is going down as we speak to be turned into a park , potentially putting an end to the fraudulent articles titled : `` lol greece ca n't afford to take care of their olympic stadiums '' by ignorant reporters who show up in athens for a day and think they know better . 
  if we get the olympics again , we 'd better do them anywhere but athens . 
  building more stuff here is the last thing we need . 
  if we get them for good , maybe we should make a new city altogether called new olympia and host them there . 
  thank you ~ ~ greek ministry of tourism ~ ~ op !, 
  it 's amazing that the state still ca n't collect taxes effectively , tbh . 
  the state is everywhere nowadays . 
  they use their surveying satellites to map the entire country and catch people before they can erect new buildings without a license . 
  so it 's impossible to avoid estate taxes . 
  they have a list of tax evaders so if you owe a single euro in taxes you are not eligible for any government programs except education and healthcare . 
  they have literal squads going around in cities and touristy zones looking for businesses that do n't pay vat or income tax . 
  the authorities that authorized purchasers during capital controls are sticking around to make sure that all transactions are checked and the money are n't from criminal activity or tax evasion . 
  on top of that they are slowlly introducing a credit rating score for individuals and businesses . 
  and yet people still feel they need to cheat ... 
  i am a software engineer , just turned 22 today , and i am absolutely not moving an inch , ever . 
  i like it here too much . 
  except one thing : ops mentality . 
   hey guys , we have a huge problem : our public sector is n't perfect . 
  boo hoo ; _ ; well it is the best it 's ever been , you moron !, 
  it 's not the 80s and pasok is dead , because tsipras killed it !, 
  i am not going to elaborate on numbers and stuff , just know that we live in 2016 when you can right now go to diavgeia.gov.gr and see the journey every single euro takes in the greek budget . 
  where it comes from and where it 's being spent !, 
  has any of you guys ever done this ? 
  has anyone ever written a letter to your mps or gone to a meeting of local government to actually complain for any issue ? 
  ** fuck no !, 
  ** frappe and complaining to my friends and to random people on the internet while at the same time throwing a dart at a map of europe to see where i am going to immigrate to is more important !, 
  you might as well leave . 
  i am sure that as soon as you show up in another european country they 'll give your ass a euro printer , so you can wipe your ass with money . 
  just know in advance that when i visit vienna next year and go to the local pops souvlaki store to get myself some foreign gyro : yes , indeed , i want fries with that . 
  this is the king of all keks !, 
  remember when the eu declared the `` right to ve forgotten '' ? 
  we do n't exactly have them :( our idea of a sweet is croissant , eclair , waffles , crepes , gelato , and our own syrup sweets , spoon sweets and mastic . 
  people here recoil in horror to the very idea of british and scandinavian food . 
  koine literally translates to the `` common language '' . 
  it was called like that not because it was the language of common folk , but because in the aftermath of phillips conquest of the greek mainland , one of his reforms was that he promoted the dialect of greek of his homeland as the `` common language '' of the greek speaking world . 
  for more than 2 millennia , koine greek had served as the common language for the greek speaking world , and it was greece 's only official language until the 1970s . 
  3 countries actually invested in the european project !, 
  how terrifying !, 
  and english is an official language in greece in all but name . 
  the greek government requires all public signs be in both greek and english , all public announcements must also be in english in addition to greek . 
  greek channels also must broadcast english subtitles for everything they show that is n't in english already ( although many simply do n't do that as it 's cheaper to pay the fine than to have translators , so only ert pretty much does ) . 
  in addition to that , english is now taught in schools in all grades . 
  i do n't know how more proficient and familiar you need to be with a language until it becomes official . 
  sure , i get that we 're a touristy place and that people from other countries even if they do n't speak english , probably have a much better time reading latin than greek signs ... 
  but at this point ** it feels ** as though we 're some ex-british colony or something . 
  you know what would get us out of debt ? 
  getting 1 euro for every time someone mentions our debt . 
  we ... dont really care where the money comes from at this point . 
  unemployment needs to come down somehow , and ruskies are n't remotely bad customers from all i am hearing . 
  and it 's not like the eu is the better market right now . 
  watch how many brits come here for vacations now that the pound has fallen . 
  hint : not many . 
  if things keep going like shit in the eu i honestly think the greek government should veto the sanctions . 
  it 's not the job of the eu to tell us who we can and who we ca n't trade with . 
  if there is a lesson from brexit it 's this : if you claim to be a trading union , you better allow your members to trade . 
  i quickly calculated that 160 eu employees working here year round add to the economy as much as 5.000 tourists would .
