  if you were in the position of being denied your rights in your own country , you would react very differently to news of outside support from the eu . 
  in fact if you live in eastern europe , you are living the legacy of western liberal democracies and the eu caring about your rights , when your home country did n't . 
  [ we will pass it long before it becomes eu law . 
  or you can help us drill all the gas we and cyprus have so that we can collectively flip the finger to russia . 
   would you say it is more about christian culture and that it would n't really matter if someone from a christian family with christian values decided to for instance become an atheist . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  i myself am an atheist , and i am quite open about it too . 
  although i ca n't speak for everyone , my mother and i are pretty close even though she is very religious . 
  she sure used to tell me sometimes that she thought i was a bit misguided in that regard but not anymore . 
  in fact i think she has n't brought it up in years . 
  and my extended family knows about it too , which makes for some interesting christmas dinner conversations , but nothing more than that . 
  sometimes i wish the culture was a bit more secular . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like some of the christy stuff , like the charity volunteer wor , the community centers and the like , and sometimes i participate , and even though i am very vocally against god even in the face of priests , i am still made to feel included . 
  but sometimes i think the christy crowd takes it too far . 
  what , i ca n't have souvlaki on good friday ? 
  i have to pledge allegiance to the `` father , son and holy spirit '' in my oath of service ? 
  come on , man ... 
  the stories are cute and all but leave my out of this . 
  but anyway , if you want to assimilate in greek life , know that nobody will tell you what you should believe or insist on what you should believe , but i hope you like doing arbitrary christy stuff . 
  it 's because the greek state actually predates greek nationalism by a century . 
  greece was born from immense struggle , as a necessity . 
  essentially a mechanism and a series of institutions of the ottoman empire were legitimized and recognized with the task to better protect christians from the ottomans . 
  as a result , a big part of the greek national identity revolves around christianity , because for as long as there has been a greece the vast majority of the population was christian , and christian was the only thing they thought they had in common . 
  it could have been handled a lot better . 
  demanding that all new buildings would ether preserve traditional architectural features of the mainland , such as clay red roofs , a limited color pallet , or that they be in the neoclassical style . 
  frankly there is n't much political will . 
  and citizens did n't demand it at all . 
  no tears were shed when the historical center of athens was torn down for the brutalist apartment complexes . 
  i do n't think that people want to live in ugly cities . 
  i think that they do n't know how to ask for beauty . 
  and this is not just a greek problem btw . 
  many places that managed to remained unfucked by misguided property developers , are constantly threatened or are going down as we speak ( see london ) . 
   i generally consider the big cities in greece ugly man . 
  everything was either built or rebuilt in the 60s 70s and 80s . 
  the architectural dark ages . 
  i can assure you that places in europe that share the same misfortune look exactly as shitty . 
  a large and organized boycott of a referendum tends to make it illegitimate , if not in turkey at least in the eyes of the international community . 
  [ these are my favorites ] ( http://imgur.com/a/detou )  us should prefer to cooperate with turkey that takes responsibility to [ stabilize ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/syrian-war-more-turkish-tanks-cross-border-into-al-rai-as-operation-against-isis-and-kurds-enters-a7224271.html ) and [ secure ] ( http://www.diploweb.com/img/jpg/dnaegeanwaters.jpg ) the [ region ] ( http://d2oadd98wnjs7n.cloudfront.net/file_attachments/152493/files/20131024104819-map_cropped_edited.jpg?1382636899 ) jesus fucking christ . 
   islamophobic attacks in ( the ) west , greece : muslim refugees were physically and verbally abused . 
  oh fuck us right ? 
  they were [ saved ( nsfw ) ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/28/opinion/4-1-miles.html ) . 
  more than a million of them , in fact . 
  and in greek camps there has n't been a single incident of islamophobic attacks . 
  not one !, 
  i looked it up . 
  the worst thing we had was a debate about refugee children attending school in public school classrooms and it was about health concerns , not about race or religion . 
   muh pkk terrorist have ngos n shit yes , because opinions are not illegal in europe . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   greece | -6.46 | 1929 -- 1931 that 's cute, 
  in some ways , more progressive , and in other ways less . 
  income tax in european countries is much less progressive than in america for example . 
  there are also high sales taxes which disproportionally affect the poor . 
  in most other ways , europe is more progressive . 
  the welfare state is generally bigger , european governments usually provide security in the form of insurance and national pension plans , and in all countries the government provides a public option for healthcare and education . 
  but then again europeans have different priorities than americans . 
  in greece for example , motorways are private . 
  there is nothing like the equivalent of an interstate highway system in europe . 
  and even the left agrees with this premise and wants to keep it that way . 
  we put less priority on our military , more on welfare , and the like . 
  i would describe it like this : in general , we do n't shy away from big government ( although this is arguably a bad thing ) when it 's deemed necessary . 
  we do n't shy away from the free market when it can do the job better , either . 
  unless the party is extremely fringe , they will agree with that much , and then they will argue mostly about how the government is running things and how it should be running things , rather than ideology . 
  my country has 8 parties in our parliament . 
  so representation is quite diverse . 
  from left to right : the communist party , syriza ( coalition of the radical left ) , the democratic socialist party , the centrist union , the river ( liberals ) , new democracy ( our kind of conservatives ) , independent greeks ( hard-line conservatives ) , and golden dawn ( the self-declared nationalists party ) . 
  i could n't tell you who of them is republican or democrat if i tried . 
  you might get some idea of who is who , but really political terminology and political theory differs dramatically between european countries , and then still , european countries as a whole differ dramatically from america . 
  at the end of the day i do n't think the american ideas of `` republican , liberal , progressive ... etc. . . '' apply in europe at all . 
  so before asking such a question you should define what you mean by progressive . 
  i recognize you by the way you speak . 
  there is no other language that constantly sounds like a collective chocking session . 
  explain them how the us works first , cause for the looks of it they do n't seem to understand . 
  not sure if that 's really true at birth , but i guess over time , you mostly get used to it all . 
  note : you , not your skin . 
  for your skin it 's still dangerous af . 
  everyone here has to deal with this kind of weather in the summer , not just tourists . 
  it 's just that for us , it 's a question of survival , so we take it more seriously . 
  and the solution is actually quite simple : drink a lot of water to combat the heat , avoid exposure to direct sunlight like the plague , if you have to be under the sun for any period of time between april and october , wear sunscreen , 50 degrees and from a trusted brand . 
   has the casus belli in the constitution , saying that `` if greece claims sea up to 12 miles from its shores ( internationally established ) instead of the current 6 , it is a reason for war '' not signing , ratifying or following international law is one thing . 
  but actively fighting a country that does what is its right under international law ? 
  step down north korea . 
  we have a country that has reached whole new previously unknown levels of banana republic . 
  let 's do the same . 
  all of greece is now officially demilitarized . 
  we are firing all our armed forces . 
  let 's create a new national guard with the same equipment and rehire the same personnel !, 
   does he not understand how a modern state functions i do n't blame him . 
  it 's obvious that they have n't made it that far into the civics tree . 
   i wish greece would stop being so ` diplomatic ' and rather , take the initiative . 
  yeah , i wish that too . 
  it 's saddening to see we 're on the side on international law , and yet we wo n't declare anything because turkey treats international law as casus beli . 
  is defined as 12nm , but technically only exercised as 6 . 
  yes . 
  where the fuck in this did you ever see that greece does n't claim the right to exercise sovereignty over 12 nm ? 
  i said it in my initial comment . 
  it is 6 miles technically , but by the force of treaties signed by greece , greece has accepted that is has the rights to exercise sovereignty in 12 miles , and reserves that right for when we think its necessary ( the first incident in that area ) . 
  europe agrees . 
  in fact , all countries did it this way . 
  you have proven exactly nothing . 
  however you dug up for me the reason that greece is hesitant to exercise any authority for the first time in what everyone agrees is our territorial waters and airspace :  at the same time , turkey is directly threatening our country with war in the case where greece decides to exercise its legal rights by extending its territorial waters from 6 to 12 nautical miles ( n.m. ) that 's fucked up .
