  unemployed count into average . 
  they do . 
  but this is more to do with the non economically active people than the unemployed . 
  i wanted to make that distinction , because it is important in my eyes . 
  not working is something that is very costly . 
  not only do you have to pay for your expenses with your savings , but it 's also something that has immense opportunity costs as well . 
   i tried to think of an example , and i swear to god i retyped this 5 times so it makes sense to someone who may not be familiar with this sort of thing ( econ ) . 
  i think i made it . 
  my little sister said she understood it . 
  think of it like this : households a , b. 
  both make 10.000 grootles every month . 
  each household has 4 people . 
  in household a , 1 works , in b , 2 work . 
  in household a , each working person makes 10.000 grootles , and in household b each working person makes 5.000 grootles . 
  now , i know this sounds weird , but those households are n't equally rich . 
  in fact , household a is much richer . 
  the opportunity cost of those who do n't work in household a is : 30.000 grootles , whereas the opportunity cost in household b is 10.000 grootles . 
  in household a , not only can one person pay for the expenses of 3 others , but they can all collectively `` afford '' for 3 of them not to work , an opportunity cost which household b could n't afford . 
  that 's the best i could do . 
  i am not an economist ( and by the way this may not completely apply to macroeconomics ) . 
  but i hope you get the idea , if anything . 
   also , grootles best currency !, 
  the famous bubble of 2004 :3 got ta love how the government lost hundreds of billions of euros , nearly all of its social security reserves in the stock market !, 
  it 's in the shape of a v !, 
  it 's victory !, 
  we 're not . 
  gdp means that for the fiscal year of 2015 , the average polish citizen produced more than the average greek citizen . 
  that 's greek citizen , not worker or taxpayer , remember . 
  out of 10.900.000 greek citizens , only 3.5 million are working ( that 's a fact btw , look it up ) . 
  the rest are 2.7 million retired citizens ( that 's also a fact ) , 1.24 million unemployed people on benefits and another 3.4 million people dependent on others like housewives , children , students of higher education , etc. 
  doing some math , we find out that the average greek worker actually brings in some 82.366 euros of gdp into the economy . 
  which is a ) significantly higher than poland ( even though i do n't have the numbers , i still know simply by looking at their unemployment rate , poles can help me out by giving me the numbers ) b ) explains the higher salaries here ( since there are far less of them ) , and c ) coupled with the fact that greeks for many reasons [ own more in assets ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/wealth-per-capita-europe.jpg ) per capita than poles , makes us objectively richer . 
  at least , for now . 
  it 's not like an economy when one in 3 people works is sustainable . 
  and yes , before you say anything ... 
  it is that bad . 
   this is wrong   honestly trying to tell me about how my own country came about . 
  the islands of spetses and psara close to athens are part of attica , the province that consists of the peninsula their navy secured , to this day . 
  in fact notice how attica 's [ has a bunch of islands that and some chunk of rightful peloponnesean clay ? ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/01/attiki_in_greece.svg/2000px-attiki_in_greece.svg.png ) . 
  it was because that part of the mainland was liberated and controlled by those islands . 
  the [ flag ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/g/gr-at.gif ) of attica is to this day paying homage to the [ naval jacks ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-vu6q5i18ru8/twqbwxrdkci/aaaaaaaaap8/mqsqt0nnqty/s1600/sxedsamos.jpg ) those autonomous tiny little islands flew 200 years ago . 
  the governor of what would later become the provence of the peloponnese was called the elder man of moria for a century , after the man who with his army liberated the peninsula . 
  get it ? 
  all of greece was basically those tiny autonomous regions , getting armies and expanding , merging with each other and then unifying . 
  you can see the progress of the greek war of independence in the very map of greece , to this day !, 
  in fact greece still has territories in its borders that get their laws from time immemorial from the time of the ottomans , and one , mount athos , even recognized by the ottomans from the time of the freaking byzantines !, 
  so yes . 
  these territories may not have been significant for the ottomans as a whole , but for us ? 
  their autonomy and later , their armies helped secure our independence and unification . 
  do n't do that , this completely backfired in our referendum !, 
  ok , most countries that grow do n't grow as much . 
  it 's not like all of europe is having 7.2 % growth , or even 5 % growth !, 
  last year the eurozone grew by less than 1 % !, 
  and do n't blame it on us . 
  yes , it is quite sad , and a huge problem imo . 
  it 's one thing when some nut you meet on the street denies genocides and sees his fellow citizens as others and a whole other thing when a government and a whole country denies genocide and sees historic populations within it as enemies of the state . 
  and yes , i know that some turks do n't . 
  but let 's be honest , the vast majority of turks do . 
  it is why the president of turkey can say things like : `` if necessary , i may have to tell these 100,000 to go back to their country because they are not my citizens . 
  i do n't have to keep them in my country '' about armenians in turkey . 
  honestly i do n't know how one can fix this . 
  germany and japan were occupied for decades and arguably some big aspect of their society still feels that way . 
  there is just no easy way out of this kind of thing ... 
  the olympics , i guess ? 
  the tldr is :  we invested heavily on the service economy and the world doing badly means that we doing badly trust me , i know that feel . 
  tourism and shipping are together more than half of our economy . 
   like which places ? 
  the balkans under the ottomans were pretty poor compared to other european regions like other subjugated countries under other european empires . 
  obviously . 
  i am not comparing greece under ottoman rule to the uk or the netherlands . 
  and likewise , greece should n't be compared with the northern balkans . 
  it 's was close to the heartland of the empire , between it and the republics of venice . 
  the mere geography of greece made it ( and arguably still makes it ) richer than the surrounding regions . 
   greece was never autonomous . 
  there were some autonomous or special regions but all in all negligible these special regions are hardly negligible . 
  they expanded to become what was in the 1820s the greek peripheries which then with the act of union in 1830 became modern greece . 
  parts of their constitution even survive in our constitution . 
   most greek intellectuals were studying in istanbul or in europe . 
  surely . 
  but that 's exactly what i am saying . 
  it was n't considered taboo to be greek , or study greek in the ottoman empire . 
  but the countries within the euro-zone that grow are n't growing that much , either . 
  so ... when the war of independence came about , where did we find all those ships for naval warfare ? 
  where did all the money to support the war come from ? 
  where did all of the intellectuals that studied the french revolution and kick-started the greek one came from ? 
  it 's usually not the poorest places of a state that seek independence , but the richest . 
  surely the greek economy under the ottomans was n't as great as it would have been had the ottomans never came , but compared to the rest of the ottoman empire , greece was pretty rich . 
  and loosing greece as a source of revenue is one of the reasons the decline of the ottoman empire accelerated in the 19th century . 
  every historian can tell you that much . 
   i was mostly talking about their love for their respective heritage , patriotism , music , dancing and learning . 
  their idiosyncrasy in other words . 
  yeah , it 's not the same . 
   i 'm not aware of any greeks in armenia or syria , at least not in any substantial number bingo . 
  the point of the akrites were n't to be an army . 
  it was to slow down invading armies until the imperial armies of the empire could respond . 
  they were never many . 
  i know . 
  it 's actually kinda funny too , when you think about it . 
  greece was freeer and richer in the ottoman empire than other places under other european empires . 
  we were autonomous and well off compared to the rest of the empire , had our own fleet and navy , and very much a lot of greek intellectuals living and studying in greece .
