   uk what the hell is a `` uk '' ? 
  you mean air strip one ? 
  how ? 
  where is the data for this ? 
  holy fucking shit . 
  can we borrow them ? 
  you are almost right . 
  healthcare , education , access to information and security , properly understood really are n't fundamental human rights . 
  however there is a very good reason why democracies tend to provide them to all . 
  because they are necessary prerequisites of decision making . 
  if the populous is to rule , their capacity to make right choices fubdumentally depends on their education , their being healthy and not being afraid of loosing their healthcare , their being secure in their conviction , safe from inside and outside threat , and their being informed . 
  true democracies can not afford to treat their people any less than an absolute monarchy would treat their king . 
  in a democracy the citizens are the kings . 
  i am very aware and affected by the very serious economic problems in greece , and extreme critical of the government as well . 
  and if i would n't go as far as call it a hellhole , why would anyone else ? 
  say what you will about greece , i have no student loan debt , practically no out of pocket medical expenses , sure , it 's hard times and my shitty job does n't pay me as much as i would like , but life here is hardly bad , still . 
  i know one has to draw the shithole line somewhere and it 's sure tempting to single out greece if you are basically the model county , but please . 
  have some perspective . 
   the majestic 12 i like the sound of that tbh b ), 
   a eurozone 's ministry of finance this is hardly unreasonable . 
  and long overdue , honestly . 
  honestly this is more like how europe should work . 
  would anyone mind if the dutch infrastructure ministry got to design the infrastructure of your country as well ? 
  of course you would n't . 
  some countries do things better than others . 
   dont ever try and claim to represent democracy and progress if you 'd deny peoples right to vote . 
  this is bullshit . 
  democracy is n't only voting . 
  in many ways it is n't even about voting . 
  turning a question of principle such as eu membership into a refferendum , pushing lies and false promises with no accountability and no reconciliation with the other side . 
  this is n't how mature democracies act , it 's mob rule . 
  and if you find me contensending for saying that , i am sorry , but people have every right to be upset as their political process is hijacked by bullshit . 
  and they have every right to blame the uninformed and the uneducated . 
  even if brexit wo n't be a disaster , the next decision when polititians will surgically guide public opinion thanks to these guilable simple minded morons might be . 
  why would you want land with other ethnic groups living on it ? 
  it sounds dumb if you have an ethnocentric vision . 
  this does n't belong in r/europe because it is a question and it refers to only one country . 
  ask in r/greece and i will totally answer you there . 
  how is it a bad thing to not run a defecit and be in constant ballooning debt ? 
  i think striving for all countries to get to 60 % debt to gdp ratio is totally justifiable . 
  and it 's a dick move from our part for not sticking with the targets of the mastrict treaty in the first place . 
  fuck the eu being fiscally flexible . 
  fiscal flexibility from the 90s to 2009 lead to all this shit . 
  [ ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xecurlnxcqk ), 
  a close second . 
  banks , many business headquarters in the uk , mainly business stuff . 
  as of greece and cyprus it 's the shipping industry . 
  rnd is n't an extraction operation and they 're not producing the final goods so that makes them tertiary . 
  well my high school economic textbook disagrees since it defines primary sector as : taking something from the environment ( as in farming , fishing , extracting or mining ) , but whatever . 
  if that 's their breakdown , let it be . 
  it 's not that irrational . 
  for the record , primary sector does n't mean just agriculture . 
  mining iron ore , gold , exporting marble and the like , that 's all included in the primary sector of the economy . 
  if you lay down their modivations and actions you 'll see that only pretty much one of them comes out as remotely evil , the emperor himself . 
  and that 's it , and that probablyhave only because we never really get much of an insight look at him , although i fail to understand what kind of shit justifies telling anakin to kill jedi children who ca n't fight them anyway . 
  the jedi are the ones blinded by ideology though , whereas the sith are pragmatic about the use of the force . 
  anger and fear are part of the human psychology . 
  as far as the force is concerned fear and anger are the feelings from which the force truly manifests , and it 's wrong for the jedi to deny and hide that . 
  in reality none of the two is truly evil . 
  both the jedi and sith are just misguided . 
  they 're both philosophical circlejerks oblivious to the point of the other , forced to act in extremees rather than to act rationally . 
  the balance is so much bigger . 
  oh look , a guy who does n't understand how the force works and thinks the sith are the bad guys . 
  well , you 're not wrong for doing so . 
  honestly there should be one in every major city . 
  it 's the kind of thing we need more awareness of . 
  i miss old star channel news . 
  same here . 
  do n't feel bad for us because we come out miserable in polls now , we were always miserable . 
  we 're living in sort of an unprecedented age . 
  saying that democracy wo n't last in these times because it did n't last in the past is n't really an argument . 
  probably there will be a shift , i see democracy going and thriving in the smaller scale , with regions and communities being run more democratically than states or multinational governments such as the eu , but it 's not like the people at the top will be completely unaccountable , or even unelected . 
  just that they will probably get bigger terms , be more disconnected from the day to day political process and focus on long term planning . 
  was the law enforced thought ? 
  please do n't do that . 
  that shit is dangerous . 
  how can one * look at credit * ? 
  is it a credit card or something ? 
  * looks at ouzo in right hand * you want some of that ? 
  the title is such a bait . 
  i remember this was either removed from r/greece or downvoted to oblivion for this reason . 
  we did . 
  we 're running a surplus . 
  this government will do it by raising taxes and redistributing wealth , the next one will do it by slashing government spending . 
   they wo n't be borrowing so they wo n't care about interest rates that 's true for now , but the markets are sure to assume that greece will attempt to borrow money in the future , will try to guess when and at what rate that money will be going for , will figure that since greece defaulted there is a high likelihood of doing it again when the government runs a surplus . 
  overall all sort of domestic and international investors will completely loose faith that their money is any safe not just in the hands of the greek government , but also of greek businesses that depend on the greek government , thus businesses will loose all means to funding , the tax base will shrink and the government will not be running a surplus anymore . 
  think of it like this : the above average likelihood of default got us garbage credit ratings , and stifles business activity and growth . 
  an actual default would be a catastrophe . 
  will parliament approve a no deal ? 
  is that what the voters want ? 
  because defaulting would adversely affect the economy and greece would n't be able to have a surplus anymore . 
  because there was a sound shift , and what was previously maybe v or b or something in between in ancient greek , bacame definately v in medieval greek . 
  examples : balkans in greek is valkania , bastille is vastili . 
  b is such an uncivilized and barbarian sound , so greek shys away from it when possible , thus it can be found pretty much exclusively in borrowed vocabulary . 
  incidentally the very word barbarian in its medieval and modern forms is varvaros . 
  greece had a real surplus in 2016 not just a primary one . 
  i thought so too but this is not the case . 
  the methodology of the calculations of the suplace was released and it 's credible . 
  all the governments expenses are factored in . 
  i am not a supporter of syriza , but saying that the books are cooked is simply untrue .
