  the figure has been net negative for months . 
  with that new law it was made easier to get permits to build higher than that . 
  [ 2021 hype ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf5ujxvp_yq ) , anyone ? 
  we already have pretty decent diplomatic channels with egypt here , much more so than we do with turkey . 
  we could get a deal with egypt fairly easily . 
  but libya is a whole other story . 
  there is no government in libya . 
   except being located roughly in the same spot actually not even that much is true . 
  what we consider the region of macedonia historically ends roughly a bit north of the modern day border of greece . 
  north of that , what is known now as `` the vardar basin '' , or paeania in antiquity , never actually was part of macedon , [ not even the empire . 
  ] ( http://www.ancient.eu/uploads/images/581.png?v=1431035398 ), 
  the [ civ6 6 trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=memkgoh2ihq ) hints at a modern greek leader for the first time , however he 's not from the 1700s or 1800s , he will most likely be from the 20th century , seeing how the tank looks to be from ww2 or from the civil war era . 
  maybe king george ii or king paul . 
  maybe metaxas or george papanderou the elder . 
  needless to say , i am hyped for all of them !, 
  alexander is cool and all , but why could n't it be someone from modern greece ? 
  like kapodistrias ? 
  or king otto ? 
  this actually makes me kind of sad . 
  early modern greek history is seriously awesome , yet people know nothing about it . 
  greece is very much a modern nation you know , not some country-wide historical reenactment ... also it 's really cringe-worthy seeing alexander speak koine greek . 
  koine greek was a thing in his time but it was widely established centuries after his death . 
  ps : wait wtf ? 
  theodora for byzantium instead of constantine or justinian or komnenos ? 
  well at least she speaks proper md greek ... 
  i 'd pick theodora over alexander anytime . 
  literally just that . 
  germany bought some airports and france is probably going to by some trains and tracks . 
  public utilities are held by domestic investors and the government . 
  and they did n't even get it . 
  just shares . 
  i think it was n't communicated well to me . 
  now that i read from other sources all i have to say is : how the fuck is he still minister ? 
  he immediately capitulated under immense political pressure form government and opposition , and apologised . 
  i do n't see why he should loose his position . 
  if anything , this response to the exact demands of a foreign company within hours , and the vote of what was once an extremely controversial bill though parliament with a supermajority and an apology really pleased the company . 
  and it could very well be political theater . 
  some say that it drove the point to other companies : look , so long and you 're stacking money here , do whatever you want . 
  your money , your terms . 
  it 's dumb , i know . 
  but some people in the government really seem to think this way . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  brexit is more popcorn material than grexit ever was imo . 
  the difference ? 
  institutions . 
  specifically , the greek president , and his tendency to make things unfunny . 
  believe it or not the unique role the greek president made all the difference , and is a good argument on why , even under a parliamentary system , it 's better to have a head of state that is elected and can actually do stuff !, 
  in britain nobody has that role . 
  brexit is delayed , nobody is doing anything , everyone is resigning , and the country is left effectively without government at the most crucial time when government is most needed . 
  negotiations within britain on strategy to deliver the vote will take months to even begin , and the british will not be voting on a subsequent general election , but on primaries . 
  why ? 
  because we 're back to party politics instead of speaking about the national line . 
  instead of even having a national line . 
  even though there is a strong basis for a national line . 
  here , things were different . 
  the greek president was the first responder to the referendum result . 
  he fired the governments spokesperson and assumed the role of talking to the eu directly to ease tensions . 
  he gathered all political leaders around the same table for the purpose of negotiating a common strategy within hours of the referendum . 
  he did n't leave it to the parties . 
  when tsipras went to the eu after that , he , for the first and only time , had the backing of 90 % of mps in the greek parliament , as well as the meps of their associated parties . 
  everyone , proponents of yes and no , were represented by this man , and the goal was what both parties could agree on : get back with a deal . 
  we may not agree on the agreekment that followed , but one thing is for certain : we have a head of state , who , although is politically neutral , still has powers and responsibilities . 
  pavlopoulos had to make a decision at the announcement of the outcome of the referendum . 
  he could let politicians do their work , putting the interest of their party first at the cost of leaving the country divided , or he could find the biggest possible consensus and unite the country , at the cost of dividing syriza , the governing party . 
  he chose the ladder . 
  in britain , nobody is there to do the same . 
  and so the amount of popcorn we 'll be getting out of this dwarfs grexit . 
  tl ; dr : god save the queen !, 
  who is going to save britain ? 
   even greece overall has benefited no , not exactly . 
  this does n't take into account how much greece or any other country would have grown had we not been in the eu or the eurozone . 
  there is really no way to know how that would have worked out , but it 's safe to assume that , even it had been the same overall growth in 20 years ( and that 's really pessimistic ) it would have been less painful if it were n't the bubble and bust that we 've experiencing right now . 
  i would take that any time in place of international humiliation and the great depression . 
  i love the eu as much as the next guy , however it is a matter of fact that my country , as of now , has not substantially benefited from it . 
   northern cyprus is controversial . 
  but northern ireland is n't . 
  i am not sold on that . 
  northern ireland looks quite controversial to me . 
  the only difference is that in the case of ireland both parties , ireland and the uk agree on where the border is , who is in control , and what the process is for northern ireland is to join ireland . 
   is it because uk has a stronger position in international relations so it can keep ireland partitioned without being pressured to withdraw its troops ? 
  why would the uk withdraw its troops or asked to withdraw its troops from what everyone ( even the irish ) agree it 's uk 's land ? 
   also why was cyprus allowed into the eu without the partition being resolved ? 
  because they met the [ criteria to join ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/glossary/terms/accession-criteria_en.htm ) . 
  the eu is n't a club for countries we like and one that we can exclude countries we do n't like . 
  after the 12 founding members signed the treaty on european union in 1992 , there are criteria in place , and if a country meets them , and applies to join , they can become a member . 
  cyprus is a country we all recognize , which applied to join , met the criteria , and joined . 
  yeah but dont you think its sometimes practical ? 
  currently the eu does n't really have a capital because countries all over the continent fight for institutions . 
  parliament in strasbourg , central bank in frankfurt , commission in brussels and council in a different country every six months . 
  what 's next ? 
  senate in milan ? 
  foreign office in finland ? 
  army headquarters in cyprus ? 
  rotating ice cream authority ? 
  it 's dumb . 
  and it costs billions more than it should . 
  the dc idea solves this . 
  noone can have institutions . 
  we build a new city altogether at the border of france and germany . 
  we give germany control of one half , france control of the other .
