  because 2-5 % of gdp in military expenditure in time of peace without real enemies is no joke . 
  it 's one of the many reasons our public finances went to shit and we ended up with so much debt and nothing to show for it . 
  so get on with the european army already . 
   is it possible that these countries start bouncing back in the next 3 years . 
  not only possible , but highly likely , if the global economic climate improves enough ( which it has ) . 
  but the eu most certainly needs to do more in the short term and change in the long term , because these unemployment figures are especially shameful . 
  and truth be told , no greek government wanted this situation in greece or worked towards it . 
  it 's mostly a result of the eu 's very design and so long as this is not properly addressed , even if greece recovers , another country will inevitably fuck up and end up in the same position , which would be good for noone . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://imgur.com/a/rnfmd ) that 's what i can recall , anyway . 
  edit : i looked it up already and i confused the council of state ( \u03a3\u03c4\u0395 ) with the chamber of accounts ( \u0395\u03a3 ) . 
  so flip the names , but keep the descriptions as is . 
  needless to say i am not a student of law , in reality it 's a whole lot more complicated like that . 
  source ? 
   greek cypriots , erdo\u011fan united the neighbors genuinely were knocking on my door our of concern . 
  that 's how hard i have been laughing since i saw this . 
  good job editorial team !, 
   linking the possible eu membership of tukey to events that happened hundred years ago i do n't think it 's about the events , more like the official turkish attitude towards these events today : the lack of recognition and reconciliation . 
  the correct term is debomination btw, 
  even so , it 's not a question of border control . 
  sea borders are different . 
  you ca n't make a fence or a wall that physically stops people from entering . 
  when they set foot in your soil you have to , by international law , examine their asylum claims . 
  it 's not that sea borders are n't physically defensive , quite the opposite in fact , but killing people for stepping into your international water , while easy to do and effective , is n't exactly legal . 
  we did ? 
  i thought other countries agreed to take some back with relocation and all . 
  can you imagine how awesome it would bw if employees have to pay robots a minimum wage ( really a tax ) ? 
  some greek islands and western thrace were offered to be demilitarized provided that turkey will demilitarize their european holdings and the straights . 
  but turks did n't , so we did n't also . 
  there was also another treaty made by the greeks and the italians before ww2 to demilitarize some aegean islands which italy had at the time . 
  italy of course did n't do it , so we fought a war and kicked their ass . 
  we got the islands after the war , and although the treaty is technically active to this day , it has no real validity or purpose since it 's now supposed to protect greece from ... well , greece . 
  both italy and greece agree the treaty is essentially void and should be nullified , it 's just that italy does n't have the jurisdiction to amend this treaty on their part because it does n't have any islands anymore , so we technically have to wait for it to expire but italy is fine with us arming the islands , anyway . 
  turkey as a non party of this treaty has no business telling us what to do with it . 
  so in reality there is really no inch of greece that is demilitarized . 
  once i made one of those myself , but i did n't post it anywhere , so [ there ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vgwqc ) you go . 
  it 's roughly the same ( which is to say stupid ) , only less arbitrary and a bit better visually . 
  if i get electricity and internet cables and a small ship provided by the government initially , as well as some land to build on , i would totally convince my best friends to go and live in our own tiny island !, 
  i live in a tiny island already , and it 's awesome !, 
  you can see the cold stopping at the mountains . 
  thank god we have those . 
  you can also see the gulf steam . 
  it 's bizarre that norway is often warmer than us . 
   for what purpose ? 
  imo , we should fund concert halls for the same reason we fund research and space exploration : the furthering of the human species . 
  while it has n't been snowing every single year in the greek lowlands in the past 2 decades , in reality it 's really not that uncommon . 
   tyrkey wants it troops to remain on the island to safeguard turkish cypriots . 
  from who ? 
  if iceland joins it will get only get 6 meps . 
  it will become the least populated eu state , having fewer inhabitants than even malta . 
  yeah too bad . 
  there are mountainous areas with medical emergencies that can not be reached for days and entire islands that were cut off from the electricity grid from which they depend for heating . 
  that 's where the effort should be made ( and to be fair it is made ) . 
  that 's the job of the state and where the best interest of the government lies . 
  if they have to choose , they will help citizens and voters at the expense or even at the determent of illegal immigrants . 
  there is no political gain or money in the alternative . 
  it 's the reality of things . 
  are you physically restrained ? 
  to be fair though , healthcare in greece is slowly moving private to the point of delivery and in that aspect it is at the best it has ever been . 
  give it some time . 
  til greece is basically upside down italy . 
  i mean ... wtf norths !, 
  everyone has their bad days ... 
  in the grand scheme of things tho ... 
  you realize that the greek constitution allows for unincorporated territories , essentially colonies , right ? 
  being under greek rule does not automatically mean greek citizenship and voting rights . 
  in retrospect this merger is actually a bad thing . 
  it has come all the way around to being an issue . 
  since any of these ( \u03b9 , \u03b7 , \u03c5 , \u03b5\u03b9 , \u03bf\u03b9 ) will always result to the ( ee ) sound , reading greek is easy , but the opposite ( listening and writing down ) is now not . 
  basically when writing down greek , it 's an exercise of listening to modern greek and writing what a greek person would have said in koine greek . 
   sometimes i wish you guys would romanize your written language , it would make it much more accessible to foreigners . 
  we genuinely have more letters than sounds in modern greek . 
  it 's insane . 
  remittances to greece from the united states account for 0.059 % of gdp . 
  bulgaria receives 0.174 % of gdp from remittances from the united states . 
  [ source ] ( http://labs.time.com/story/where-immigrants-send-the-most-money-home/ )  most money are coming from the states added to the bs stack of : `` everyone celebrates the end of work '' , `` nobody is doing work on farms and construction work '' . 
  ready for your next bs , mate . 
  that 's because the only people who raise their voice and are heard by politicians are the people who have free time time on their hands to do so . 
  people with cozy jobs in the public sector , pensioners , the unions , party members etc. 
  a minority turned majority in the eyes of policy makers by the fact that everyone else is too busy working his ass off for a loaf of bread and does n't have time to remotely care about how bad they are being fucked . 
  i will just observe that gdp per capita in karpathos is around 26,300 euros per anum , which is a lot bigger than anywhere in bulgaria and more than twice as much as bulgaria has per capita per anum as a whole . 
  if as you say , karpathians can manage that by working 5 months per year and hanging out in cafeterias and talking a lot for the rest , why should they take work ethics advice from you ? 
  should n't it be the opposite ? 
  have you seen our tax rates ? 
  who the f * ck would pay salaries , and these extreme employers tax and insurance rates for his employees to stick around doing nothing for 8 hours every day ? 
  from my experience , everyone is trying to squeeze as much work as possible from as few people as they possibly can . 
  it 's actually the opposite of what you 're saying . 
  i have n't ever worked in the tourism industry , but i 've heard it 's harsh , especially for young people . 
  tourism workers are under immense stress , usually work all day with no free time whatsoever , are underpaid , and often uninsured , and worse still , are constantly angry as one can be ( as only people who have had the bad luck to work on the front line with the customers understand ) . 
  i think it 's natural that bosses and workers celebrate the end of the season when it 's then that everyone gets paid and they can finally have some vacations too ... 
  it 's not laziness , it 's just that this kind of job is kinda shit . 
  and if they are locals , winter is n't cozy for them either . 
  for most of them winter usually means working at the family farm or doing construction work . 
  and metal . 
   that can appear to the centre ... 
  the center is gone . 
  it just does n't exist anymore . 
  what labour needs is their version of bernie sanders . 
  i think greece needs a good old split in the middle . 
  north being closer to balkans , and southern greece and cyprus being tottaly southern europe , unless it 's reserved for catholics . 
  the population of the south is dropping though .
