  to do such a thing syriza would either need external support and a stimulus package ( basically impossible ) , or they would need to overhaul the public sector and significantly cut public spending , something outside their electoral promises , is outside their political views and will basically make them loose every last voter they 've held on . 
  for real growth to kick off i expect that syriza need to finish their term and either run on a different platform , or loose to the new democrats who are much more reformist . 
  the economy has n't grown year on year compared to 2015 but the figures could be revised by the end of the tax season , but the economy still outperformed predictions of recession , i guess . 
  growth of about 2.5 % to 3.0 % is predicted for this year , but this may be revised down . 
  no , privatization money goes to a separate fund and not into the coffers of the national government . 
  any deficit the government has from now until the 2030s will be a red flag for investment and tourism so for better or worse , we have to have a surplus first and worry about growth afterwards . 
  deficit implies the minus so it 's not necessary, 
   the f *** cked up egocentric babyboom generation can enjoy their early retirement and excellent qol and leave their children and grandchildren a mountain of debt . 
  we need death panels for this generation , honestly . 
   i think it it the primary budget balance that is to say all income minus all expenses , except for interest payments on loans . 
  no , it is n't , apparently . 
  [ that figure is much higher ] ( http://www.naftemporiki.gr/story/1227266/2016-marks-best-primary-budget-surplus-figure-in-greece-since-1995 ) . 
  this is for the first time in forever , believe it or not , a genuine surplus !, 
  what 's even more surprising is that the methodology of how the surplus was calculated was released yesterday and it turns out shady business is off the table . 
  supplier 's pay factored in and all . 
  it seems like for the first time since i was born ( 1994 ) , greece has an actual , not made up , not primary or any of this bullshit , surplus of 0.7 % of gdp . 
  i do n't even like football i just like puns :3, 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  honestly the majority of the reason i advocate for this is because the map of europe looks bad with so many countries in the east compared to the west . 
  that fucking autocorrect i swear to god . 
  redditing from the phone is no fun . 
  til there are signs for a hypothetical graeco-armenian language that were spoken a for a little while after the split of pie in the caucsses . 
  but the data and reasoning behind this is a bit shaky . 
  i never downvote the comments i reply to . 
  if i replied to you it 's pretty clear that your comment spurs discussion and therefore belongs on reddit . 
  i wish more people understood what the downvote is . 
  we ca n't help but listen . 
  your side has quite a bigger megaphone than the other side , which is why there is n't really widespread international recognition of the armenian genocide and this has to change . 
  i really do n't think it is . 
  but if that 's the case that 's condemnable too . 
  same as how some countries have harsh sentences for denying the holocaust . 
  yes it absolutely is deplorable and in bad taste but opinions should n't be illegal . 
  we can make these borders somewhat work on the current map . 
  fyr macedonian is split between bulgaria and albania and kosovo is anexed by albania . 
  there are also small border regions of greece and serbia that speak bulgarian or pomak ( which is basically the same thing ) that could go to bulgarian . 
  all in all it should result in more ethnocentric countries . 
  ah you greece 'd them real good , portugals . 
  there is a big armenian community in greece . 
  i wish there was a sane government that did this , but it 's been politically impossible so far . 
  we really are an ssr of our own making . 
  whatever . 
  i guess about 60 % direct and indirect taxes on every euro one makes is n't enough . 
  let 's make the tax rates 100 % and get it over with . 
   cold i would complain about 19 degrees not being `` ideal '' , but it 's not like i would mind wearing my t-shirt and shorts . 
  right now it 's 13 degrees here and i am hooded up , it 's not like it 's cold . 
  the threshold is 0 degrees . 
   greece has been trying to provoke turkey recently when-fucking-ever ? 
  no they would n't . 
  cant say about other countries but it 's true that close to a million americans visit greece every year . 
  and the vast majority are greek or other european americans with dual citizenship , so no restriction applies to them . 
  the affected by the ep ruling are a tiny percentage of the more than 30 million tourists set to visit greece this year , and are n't among our highest paying customers either . 
  this is fine by me if it puts pressure on all the international partners of the eu to end visa requirements for all european nationals . 
  me too , honestly . 
  i like bulgarians too . 
  can you believe that some countries do n't like drunk british tourists ? 
  those fucking humorless jack-offs . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i am not wasting any of my legitimate anger on the government of another country . 
  we have a government of our own , and they 've been dicking us loyally for a while now . 
  if you have to be angry at someone , be angry [ at this guy ] ( https://pitsirikos.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/tsipras.jpg ) . 
  no we do n't . 
  we 're orthodox bros !, 
  do we ? 
  is this because we 're one of the few countries in the eu that does n't recognize kosovo ? 
  because we kind of do . 
  what we 're saying is that kosovo 's declaration of independence , although largely justified , is n't exactly legal , which makes it de jure serbian for now . 
  everyone should avoid drama and solve this mess in an orderly matter . 
  this has nothing to do with serbia being a friend , it 's just basic international norms . 
   i hope it 's not because of exagerated budget cutting it is . 
  what is sold as `` greece achieving its goals '' is mostly the government delaying payments to companies and businesses that it 's working with , which is increasingly a catastrophe for the real economy . 
  warning , interesting but gross video : [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9710brnmd4 ), 
  same here . 
  i honestly did n't expect it . 
  adolf and adolphus are such a beautiful names tho . 
  they must have been quite popular too . 
  what a shame that they ended up this way . 
  the church ca n't get more of the powers because it has has absolutely none of the power to begin with . 
   but their actions will only bring backlash from the church and its followers . 
  good . 
  [ you know nothing about greeks , do you ? 
  ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/metal-bands.jpg ), 
  well it is largely related , but not equivalent , yes . 
  all gdp derived maps are basically maps of where particular high gross industries are centered . 
  it 's not a map of peoples income or quality of life , even when `` adjusted '' for ppp . 
   but you have to understand that in athens there are firebomb attacks and property damage almost every single night . 
  i think this is a stretch . 
  you can count the time it happens in a year with one hand . 
  and the threat to human life is essentially 0 . 
  which is in no way to say that it should be tolerated and that they are n't f * cking moronic manbabies . 
  it 's just not that dangerous . 
  because it is designed not to be . 
  the game these morons play is called `` political prisoner '' . 
  they do shit like this and when they are inevitably caught they plead that they never threatened someones life or safety , just that of institutions such as banks out of ideology , not acts of evil , with the sole purpose to get attention and to attract more morons to their moronic cause of making like shit for policemen and businesses who have better things to do . 
  ert just confirmed that there were no injuries and damages are minimal . 
  the authorities had intel of the attack and the area was cleared in time . 
  ert also says but can not confirm that 2 people were spotted on motorcycle placing a black back in front of the bank . 
  the motives are unknown as of now . 
  it is . 
  very similar , in fact . 
  just not enough to be called eastern imo .
