  because for me it never has been about race or religion . 
  i want to believe that our common creed are the humanist values of the renaissance and of the enlightenment . 
  and i am really sorry to say this but these are non-negotiable . 
  if your culture does n't adhere to those values , it is not welcome here . ~ ~ ~ ~ and the sooner we realize it the better : if we want to sell to others what we ourselves are not buying , we have no business being a superpower . 
  there is only darkness down that road . ~ ~, 
  holy shit this looks like a island in the cyclades !, 
  where is it ? 
  pff ... 2009 is the pussy kind of bad , it 's not even in the top 10 . 
  1453 is the real deal . 
  to be fair , they did n't hire themselves . 
  hmmmm ... no , still no . 
  oh , it is . 
  maybe not in the past election cycle , but definitely in the next one , speaking of greece at the very least . 
  it 's complicated . 
  i was wondering too why something like the palace of knosos is not listed . 
  apparently if a site is altered in any way to ease the experience of tourists visiting , or for practically or preservation reasons , unless it has unescos approval , it will get delisted , and it will never find it 's way there again . 
  so the greek government plays it safe , going through all the necessary excavation and works first and only then listing the site . 
  which is not to say that sites are not added all the time , like the philippi sight in central macedonia recently . 
  and per capita i think we 're still number one in europe . 
  but you also have to accept that in greece , the unesco world heritage sign means very little . 
  the actual on-going interesting archaeology tends not to come with one , such as the marvelous minon palaces of crete , tend not to come with one . 
  for now at least . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  it 's not like anyone would stop them or anything , even if uncomfortable so i really do n't know what this map is meant to mean other than virtue signal . 
  no , i probably would n't be fine with 3/4 situations either . 
  but that 's me , i ca n't enforse that to my kids . 
  i really do n't understand what has gone so wrong with western athens north of omonia . 
  to be honest as someone who used to commute there daily , i would n't be having a pleasant experience if i lived or stayed there , either . 
  all i am sure is that rethink athens pedestrianization project and the tram extension there definitely needs to happen because it would really help . 
   most recently a law is about to be passed which will allow them to enter `` tei '' ( practical school ) without taking national exams . 
  we have enough affirmative action based on ethnicity as it is , but removing any and all evaluation processes is ridiculous . 
  i genuinely want source and a number for this draft , so that i can write to my mp about this . 
  this can not be happening . 
  it 's such a blatant `` fuck you '' to all the students whose prospects for education and employment are reduced every year in this fucking country ... jesus christ . 
  and also untrue . 
  i get : how do i make dow ? 
  there 's genuinely one called andros . 
  i do n't know about spain , but the depression did a great job molding greek youth to stop being little shits . 
  yes you see the occasional skinhead or the antifa , but they are a tiny minority compared to one generation before where this kind of tribalism prevailed . 
  now politics is just shunned and people are trying desperately to better themselves . 
  i for one ca n't wait for the old entitled baby-boomers to die off . 
  maybe we should cut some of their stupid healthcare to pay for their debts . 
  that ought to accelerate the process a little bit . 
  it ruins their brand . 
  my reaction to this article was : wait , in france it 's legal ? 
  our guys have been doing it since the dawn of time , and it 's been illegal here since the 70s , get on our level . 
  i would think they should be counted separately . 
  [ the port of perama is the crossing to salamis , while national and international services always begin at the main port . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/s9s4u ) and there are plans to tunnel or bridge the gap anyway . 
  but then again ... 
  it is the same port region , it would n't be dishonest to incorporate both of the shuttle ferry terminals into the `` piraeus '' port authority ( which it turns out all ports share already ) , counting all 3 ports as one . 
  that should do a 22.4 million if you count salamis passengers twice and 15.3 million if you count them once . 
  oh , good to know . 
  this actually makes way more sense , too . 
  [ that 's a big jump , if it 's true ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_busiest_cruise_ports_by_passengers ), 
  you 're * and yes , i do n't believe this is getting upvotes either . 
   we all talk about feeling pride in our national identity . 
  but should n't we also feel pride in being european ? 
  the two are n't separate . 
  i am greek therefore european . 
  i am a citizen of the hellenic republic therefore a citizen of the european union . 
  i truly love both with all my heart , but i proud of neither . 
  being proud of the shared history and the institutions that came before you is the lazy kind of patriotism , and i am sort of allergic to that . 
  and he is using europe as a shorthand term to the eu , so what 's the problem here ? 
  i am sorry , but i did n't start any anti-america jerk . 
  i was looking on some info about egg regulations in the eu , precisely because there 's been a big recall of eggs in europe in the past days , found this video , posted this til ... and people flooded in as though i am some form of salmonella authority or as though i literally said america sucks because eggs are treated differently , ** which does n't even matter since you are unlikely to eat a raw egg in the first place so it 's impossible to get salmonella from an egg either way ... 
  jezz . 
  ** it 's literally a ** non issue . 
  ** and i am neither an expert nor an american hater . 
   because the article only compares to the uk , where egg safety is far better than the eu average i probably should have included the first part , but the second part is n't so true . 
  in the rest of the eu the same practice of not washing eggs is observed , and similar regulations and quality control are in place when it comes to chickens getting their shots . 
  for greece at least . 
  i would be really surprised if other countries did n't have that level of quality control , if you could find sources about that , please enlighten me . 
  yes , actually . 
  it is n't actually a big deal at all . 
  you tell me why people have lost their shit over this . 
  i really hate it that shit like this is makes it into trending . 
  i just posted this as a : `` oh look at this i learned something about how the eu regulation works '' . 
  i bet if i look it up i can come up with comparable data for the rest eu regions since literally the same practices are observed , but i wo n't do that , cause i really , really fucking do n't care . 
  if you do , do it for me . 
  the video sites among other things sources for 1 in 95,000 cases of egg related salmonella in europe and 1 in 2,200 cases in the us . 
  or a roughly 4800 % difference . 
  so i think i did in fact watch it , how about you ? 
  the video sites sources for 1 in 95,000 cases of egg related salmonella in europe and 1 2,200 cases in the us . 
  or a roughly 48 times difference . 
  maybe it 's because you are understandably not following european news , but eggs and pathogens and chemicals in them are all the rage lately , following some breaches of eu law in the netherlands and germany . 
  we 're talking about eggs here . 
  wow , i kinda missed that . 
  is there any other way to boil an egg ? 
   i think you mean that because of us regulations , us eggs are 50 times more likely to contain pathogens . 
  wait , the washing eggs part is a regulation ? 
  i thought it was a practice pursued by the industry for the sake of better visual appearance of eggs . 
  jeez , that 's fucked up . 
  nope . 
  not at all . 
  believe it or not absolutely all of us want to have an accountable government that produces budgetary figures we can trust , but we also want proper procedure to be followed in independent government agencies . 
  and if he did n't do that , he deserves to lose his job over it . 
  everyone is in agreement here . 
  and nobody is condemning the man for releasing data that should be known to the public for decades . 
  not only that but are you ready for it ?
