  in schools . 
  that were not secret . 
  or at least were terrible at being secret . 
  oh is n't that great !, 
  new information and collection of what seemed like debris revealed that they are n't from a plane after all , so we have absolutely 0 clues of where the plane went ... and we 're already jumping to conclusions about what happened to it !, 
  dear media , i know that coming up with theories is your job , but if you 're gon na pull them out of your ass , why do n't you go all the way say that aliens took it or that it 's in another dimension ? 
  because at this point we have exactly as much evidence to believe those things as we do that a terrorist attack took place . 
  maybe in this case . 
  but this was a totally common practice in the ottoman empire though . 
   pontian and cretan greeks looked so similar they do n't . 
  for one , their uniforms are very different [ 1 ] ( http://www.espressonews.gr/sites/default/files/imceimg/e1243r324r2w4r_2.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.espressonews.gr/sites/default/files/imceimg/e1243r324r2w4r_1.jpg ) . 
  secondly , the akrites of the roman empire would have been in modern day syria and armenia , roughly where the borders of modern day turkey are . 
  and finally , because greek is a dialect continuum , cretans and pontiac greeks can absolutely never , under no circumstance understand each other in their language . 
  how so ? 
  is it to do with the fact that finland the only nordic country that uses the euro ? 
  well , pontic greeks are anatolians , so it kind of is your songs , lol . 
  bitch pls  euro 2004 . 
  yes , indeed . 
  fixed it ... my bad . 
   this is so sad ... 
  indeed . 
  there were . 
  and for a lot of time they were though as credible ... 
   the greek people as a whole need to make better choices and be less tolerant towards populism and corruption . 
  it 's not the eu 's duty to insure your government represents you fairly , it 's yours . 
  that 's the point i am making . 
  it 's our fault . 
  we should have elected governments that would be accountable to us and not to brussels . 
  [ sourse ] ( http://www.ert.gr/egyptiako-airbus-fotia-sta-ilektronika-systimata-pithani-etia-tis-syntrivis-anazitounte-ta-mavra-koutia/ ) coming directly from greece where the search is still on for more debris and information . 
  i 'll be your translator . 
  i 'll try to update frequently . 
  - it 's 2:24 am eastern european time . 
  the plane enters greek airspace and reports to the greek aviation authority . 
  all is fine . 
  - it 's 2:48 am . 
  flight controllers talks to the captain as he was flying over the island of kea . 
  the captain was cheerful , and said that all was fine . 
  - it 's 3:27 am and the civil aviation authority tries to establish contact with the airplane , still over greek airspace , heading to egyptian airspace . 
  the plane does n't respond . 
  - it 's 3:29 am . 
  the plane enters egyptian airspace and the air traffic control can not see it on their system anymore . 
  immediately egyptian civil aviation authorities were informed . 
  at the time of its disappearance from civil aviation the plane was 37.000 feet in the air and its speed was 519 miles ( please adopt metric ... ) - the greek military later revealed that the plane turned first 90 degrees to the right 10 miles into egyptian airspace , then spiraled once plummeting before the military radars at the island of karpathos could ' t find it any longer . 
  - after organized response by the coastguards of greece , egypt and cyprus , pieces of wreckage were found in greek waters . 
  - it turns out after examining the wreckage , they were n't from a plane after all . 
  - the egyptian army really did find wreckage 180 miles north of alexandria . 
  these are from the plane after all !, 
  - - new ! - the likely cause of the accident is probably fire on board the plane . 
  that 's all the information we have tells us for now - the nationalities of the victims are : 30 egyptians , 15 french , 1 british , 1 canadian , 1 belgian , 1 portuguese , 1 algerian , 1 sudanese , 1 from chad , 2 iraqis , 1 from saudi arabia and 1 from kuwait . 
  their names . 
  edit : added 1 belgian to the victims edit : updated the link , fixed the timeline , added more information . 
  edit : updated the link , added more information from the egyptian army . 
  edit : updated the link . 
  we can now confirm that the accident happened 10 miles into egyptian airspace . 
  it 's not pointing a finger at germany . 
  i 've never done that . 
  it 's pointing a finger at us for allowing this to happen to ourselves . 
  i think that is a fair point to make . 
  but it 's still a false one imo . 
  i was too young to vote at the time , but if i had , had i knew what was happening behind the scenes , i would n't have supported those governments , and i think most people would n't either . 
   people voted sure , but our former governments are still trending towards illegitimacy in my eyes , even though they were democratically elected . 
  democratic governments are also by definition accountable for their actions . 
  that means among other things : transparency . 
  if i ca n't know what the government is doing , i ca n't be asked to make decisions . 
  its as simple as that . 
  when the greek government lied to get us into the eurozone people often forget that they lied to greek citizens as well !, 
  it 's not like all 11 million of us knew that the government was hoarding debts under the rug but did n't tell you for the lolz . 
  the government lied to us first and foremost . 
  it 's not like we ever had a choice . 
  we were bullied into joining the eurozone in 2001 and we are to this day , bullied into staying in the eurozone . 
  it turns out , it just does n't matter what we think . 
  we had no true insight into our country 's finances , no in-out referendum in either case . 
  we never had a say in what happens . 
  and in 2015 when we did , we were promptly ignored . 
  and now , were asked to foot the bill . 
  for a debt we had no idea was spiraling out of control , to pay for the shadow actions of unaccountable governments that the eu helped and still does . 
  but the eu helping us ? 
  that 's not part of the agenda . 
  i am always reminded of this thing i saw once : if our revolutionary warriors briefly came into life in the greece of today , they would probably find no difference between the eu and the ottoman empire . 
  all of our rights forcibly removed in any case . 
  our way of life jeopardized , we would still be second class citizens in our own country . 
  europeans like to say that turkey does n't belong in europe . 
  that turkey is not democratic enough . 
  that it 's mistreating its populations . 
  the truth is : turkey fits right in . 
  and that 's how you know that we do n't . 
  ----- edit : dem responses , wow . 
  i am getting the controversial treatment and that 's perfectly understandable , reading this again it really does sound like i am a golden dawn nut who just hates everything europe , but that 's not the case , so let me clear some things out : - this is not about other eu countries in any way . 
  it 's not blame-shifting to other eu countries , it 's about us . 
  pure and simple . 
  it 's about our governments being afraid of scrutiny and never giving us any room to make decisions about our future , they are the ones responsible for this , and i find it especially shameful that we 're dragging you along with our mess . 
  because it is our mess . 
  - the euro was a bad thing for greece . 
  everyone can tell you that . 
  that does n't mean that the euro currently is a bad thing for greece . 
  to the ecs credit , the euro is much better now that we have the fiscal union and the banking union , and i do n't blame everyone for liking it . 
  it really has started working out and i there really are n't any good arguments to parting from the eurozone at this point . 
  but i sure as hell do n't blame britain for wanting a permanent out . 
  - the ottoman empire part is a ) me paraphrasing , b ) exaggerated af , clearly . 
  well at least someone is worse than us .
