  you guys and slovenia should make a group together . 
  the sloven-slovac union . 
  its symbol will be your tricolours with the two coa , austria-hungary style , and it 's motto will be : yes , we are fucking up with you . 
  we have them too . 
  earlier this year in particular most of our rivers froze . 
  you 're not that special . 
  we have them too . 
  earlier this year in particular most of our rivers froze . 
  you 're not that special . 
  you 're god damn right . 
  maybe you could have if you ignored bsec . 
  it 's really unimportant . 
  sorry guys , slovenia and croatia are rightful med clay !, 
  you ca n't have them !, 
  talking about greece . 
  by irreligious i mean people who do n't go near a church for most of their life , have never read the bible or any other holy text and do n't give two shits about religion in general , but who when asked about the matter , pretend as though they have a strong conviction and describe themselves as believers . 
  i was n't using the american definition , i really meant capital l liberal , i 'll correct it . 
   `` if there is no god , everything is permitted . '', 
  atheist here . 
  no i wo n't kill you . 
  also yes , we 're a rare breed in my country , although the vast majority of people are extremely irreligious , so it 's not like there 's a difference . 
  damn , as soon as i opened this the swat teams arrived . 
  it must be my beard . 
   they are the minority . 
  i never said they were a majority . 
  all i said is that for them there is a better option , one closer to where they stand . 
  and that there always is a better option . 
  you makes some valid points though . 
  unfortunately that 's not how politics work in some countries ( us , britain for example ) . 
  at the end of the day a party needs to get votes to rule and to do so , must adjust their rhetoric to what the people want . 
  you 're looking at this from our perspective where we ended up with 10 or so small parties on ideological platforms with the biggest getting 25 % of the vote or something , but not all countries work like this . 
  this is a very valid point . 
  i do care about the liberal turks in turkey , and in pretty much any other country . 
  but a ) this is their fight , not mine . 
  i like my liberal values and enlightenment philosophy but i wont push them on anyone by force . 
  because doing so would mean that i , and these very values will be resented , and i would be doing a great disservice . 
  and b ) here in greece we have experience with kemalists and while in some aspects of rule of law and accountability they are orders of magnitude better than what turkey has become now , i still would n't call their methods democratic , nor will i be willing to fight for them in a war . 
  from where i stand , they are n't that different . 
   turkey will protect democracy you know when something is said and it does n't sound right even when it 's said ironically ? 
  that 's that . 
  there is always a better option between 2 choices . 
  kemalists may not seem different at all from where we stand , but for the many liberals in turkey they represent a much better premise than what erdogan is currently offering . 
  edit : liberal with a capital l , as in classical liberalism . 
   wilders will surely use this for his campaign . 
  who fucking cares ? 
  this is a fellow eu country having their flag torn down in their own fucking consulate !, 
  why do we have to turn everything into politics ? 
  all european diplomatic missions should at the very least temporarily leave turkey in protest . 
  i said it in another thread . 
  you may disagree with me but think of it like this : nato means that if a fellow country is under attack , your country has to be involved . 
  in the case of my country it 's very clear what that means : i will be drafted . 
  many people in this sub , possible you who are reading this right now , even if your country does n't have conscription right now , no doubt if things get real in our millitary command , there is a very real chance that you will be drafted . 
  it 's a fact of war . 
  therefore you may have to ( this sounds dramatic but it 's exactly as it is ) lay down your life in a battlefield somewhere , defending a country that is n't your own . 
  all of this is highly unlikely . 
  however saying that it is n't a real possibility would be a lie . 
  personally , i would accept to fight for the countries in europe , or in north america . 
  a threat to one of those countries , even if it does n't affect greece millitarily in a front would be a real threat to our system , to our political ideals and our very way of life . 
  but turkey is n't one of those countries in my opinion . 
  if ever asked , and i suppose this is what op wants to get out of me , my stance is that fighting for turkey will be an insult to what i and many other people stand for . 
  we can have an alliance . 
  we can be friends , it benefits us having it good with everyone . 
  just do n't come to me when erdogan needs defending . 
  not while he is imprisonining journalists and academics and the opposition . 
  just as i would expect greece to be disbanded from nato during the junta years so that no citizen of a free country be asked to lay down their life for a disgusting ideology , just like that , today i think that turkey does n't deserve to be amongst our ranks . 
  again . 
  this is my opinion . 
  feel free to disagree with me . 
  but do n't feel free to bring in turkeys strategic importance in a war or millitarily prowess , if it is about that , let 's just bring in russia and china and be done with it . 
  and why would google be working with us ? 
  nope . 
  they called the minister of defense and his independent greeks eurosceptic party facists yesterday . 
  turkish ministers no less . 
  i am a classical music junkie and spotify makes it so fucking easy listening to it . 
  you can basically find everything . 
  i know , right !? 
  how is skroutz not the most funded ? 
   `` jewish people founded a state on their ancient land in 1948 after centuries had passed , '' mihaloliakos answered . 
  `` i am not saying that we have to fight with turks by weapons . 
  however , we should not forget that hellenism existed in anatolia , pontus and thrace for centuries . '', 
  holy shit . 
  they are that stupid . 
  til  anti-goverment leftist one and it critizes the goverment for not doing anything about greece supposedly invading a turkish island . 
  even more reason for the government to come out and say : we do n't do that . 
  so why have n't they ? 
   pollfish i am utterly disappoint . 
  we have so many extremely successful startups . 
  fair trade coffee consumed by more than 2 million people every day from coffee island . 
  the good people of skroutz have basically condensed all the eshops of 3 countries and counting into a single webpage and search engine so i can be even more lazy and cheap when i buy useless shit from the internet . 
  how can pollfish be better funded than skroutz ? 
  i do n't even remember how long it was before i bought something not from skroutz . 
  also the fact that winks has n't caught on in today 's social media climate is baffling to me . 
  i mean how awesome ? 
  finally a yelp for people where you rate complete strangers !, 
  count me the fuck in !, 
   do you expect turkish goverment to apoligese for everything that is on turkish newspapers ? 
  ( turkish goverment does n't accept those islands as turkish ) i explicitly said : not apologize , just distance themselves from it . 
  since your government is n't really open about which islands you claim and what treaty or part of a treaty this claim is based on , it 's anything goes . 
  and by not challenging these articles your side makes their intention very clear . 
  i do n't think any other country around here would not rush to distance themselves from such reports .
