  god forbid looking on the internet was the only way to learn about islam or scientology . 
  while it would make sense replacing religious studies with philosophy , history of economics or history of government ( which are things the greek curriculum does n't have much of and imo should ) , it would n't make sense to add more economics , physics or math to the already saturated curriculum . 
  maybe more computer science , but that needs to happen from a very early age . 
   greek state run heaven with all the taxes i 'll be paying in the next 40 years of my working life there better be . 
  and that 's coming from an atheist . 
  sure . 
  syrians who turned up in a turkish millitiary aircraft , the day after the `` coup '' , and immediately claimed asylum . 
  i think it would be a world first . 
  same . 
  which is to say bad . 
  but not really worse . 
  of course . 
  i am not advocating for it . 
  and it 's not like i would try and justify my apathy by saying : oh shit happens , people are systematically exterminated elsewhere too . 
  it just that at some point society reaches a point where people , even people who are horrified about collective action , basically cant speak up . 
  [ hellas * stronk ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ladara/ ), 
   '' ... refugees tried to stop the daily lowering of the greek flag . '', 
  i am honestly at this dangerous point where if we had a government that would start operating furnaces tomorrow , i probably would n't even protest or feel like i could disagree to be quite honest . 
  this is n't to say that i would n't be troubled and quite frankly horrified , but at this point , with literally everyone i know being so negative and so vocal towards these people , i probably would n't risk standing up for them in public , and as a result of that , i probably would quickly forget about it , do other things and at the end of the day be apathetic . 
  and that , to put it mildly , is a very scary thought i had just now . 
  i do n't want to be cynical but please say that when she is not elected . 
  i. . . [ holy shit the iron curtain is still with us !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/25/same-sex_marriage_map_europe_detailed.svg/2000px-same-sex_marriage_map_europe_detailed.svg.png ), 
   you ca n't expect the economies of greece or portugal to compete with the economies of france or germany while using the same currency . 
  you can , but you need a european union committed to facilitating this and that is what we do n't have . 
  and it 's doubtful that we ever will because what it would take for the eurozone to survive is politically unpopular . 
  greece can into austria-hungary !, 
   as you would expect we do n't generally expect it . 
  in most situations and in all that really matter , the east west divide does n't really exist anymore . 
  i dont understand why greece and cyprus are so high . 
  what are we counting , exactly ? 
  hate crimes against immigrants are very rare here , so is the bad attitude towards refugees , which is admirably , incredibly taboo . 
  parents the other day at a school in rural greece said they did n't want refugee children to study at their school district building in the afternoon , and everyone on the national news and parliament recoiled in horror , only to then actually read their statement which wa n't racist or anything , it was a matter of parents being worried for public health , and asking the government if the kids are properly vaccinated ... are there racist bigots in greece ? 
  sure , but they do n't get 90 % of the vote , more 8 % on a good day . 
  so i utterly fail to see where that number is coming from . 
  sorry , i guess . 
  its party my fault for not collecting credit by exercises , but i probably failed . 
  :( it 's the second time too ; _________ ;, 
  goodmorning from athens !, 
  september is finals season in universities in greece so i am getting ready for my computer networks exam later today ... 
  it 's coffee time !, 
  yes and no . 
  first of all , the eu has agreed to the relocation of 30.000 refugees from greece in 2016 , do n't forget . 
  i think since countries are soveirn they have the right to refuse to take any , but since you gave your word , you should pay us for the inconvenience . 
   there is high unemployment and the government has no money to employ all these people , even to help refugees . 
   they also have a bookstore . 
  much better than the eu bookstore imo . 
  how will we ever recover from this !, 
  i fail to understand why it matters when politicians in germany and france think a country should or should not join an aspect of the eu . 
  we all know there are n't gon na be vetos thrown around for countries that are already member states , so if they meet the criteria , let them join !, 
  do n't treat bro countries like you treat turkey . 
  i dissagree . 
  i , you and everyone , should start being ok with majority rule because everything else is wishful thinking , or even dangerous . 
  suppressing the majority is what tyranny is . 
  i can disagree with you all i want , but the public good is always better served under majority rule , and this need be understood by both majority and minority at all times . 
  and it 's always for the best . 
  the brilliance of the rule of man versus the rule of law , is that the rule of man is a self correcting system , just like man is self-correcting under the right circumstances . 
  when i speak up more and more about my issue with smoking , there is no way i wo n't get smokers on my side . 
  that 's how progress towards the reasonable happens , organically , not though policy initiatives and enforcement ( which is violence ) . 
  the rule of law , like all forms of tyranny , is more than a general `` bad thing '' . 
  it 's fundamentally immoral . 
  because it robs society of the ability to truly improve . 
  it , in most cases replaces our inherit sense of righteousness and care for others with fear of punishment . 
  do n't ever ask me to be ok with that , or accept that . 
   unfortunately this behaviour extends to everything . 
  as it should . 
  in a true democracy , what is law is n't decided by parliament . 
  law properly understood , is the expression of the will of the majority . 
  there really is no braking the law , only challenging it . 
  if the majority of people think it 's ok to smoke wherever , whenever , me , as a minority need shut up and take it . 
  it 's what it is . 
  legislating on the rights of me as a minority is in the end irrelevant , as a minority can never enforce a law , and i am perfectly ok with that . 
  because the law is n't just something that need be followed by everyday people , but enforced by everyday people too . 
  i sure as hell do n't like that some public spaces here look like shit , but i really do n't see anyone even trying to make anything different . 
  i sure as hell do n't like it that people do n't feel like they have to pay their taxes , but most of them do n't feel entitled either , they just do n't receive anything in return . 
  and i sure as hell complain to people who make me take in their disgusting smoke , and if you are the kind of person who wo n't stop smoking next to a pregnant woman , fuck you . 
  really , go fuck yourself . 
  but at the end of the day the same underline culture of majority rule , is what kills murderers in jail , what makes people really care for each other when the government wont , and what gives a hard time to governments who try to do shit we do n't like . 
  and i would n't change it for the world . 
  he who sacrifices the expression of his will for the sake of order , deserves neither . 
  hello there almost neighbor !, 
  see you in the next med summit , croatia !, 
   the patriarchy i imagine people not familiar with the orthodox tradition will be very triggered . 
  this ... is this what it feels like to be triggered ? 
  it 's especially not bad considering were just about less than 11.000.000 people in an area bigger than england . 
  we were actually one of the first nation states in europe ( if not the first by some accounts ) . 
  1820s is way before nationalism in other countries , and way before german and italian unification . 
  til greece once had black sea ports . 
  does n't really work this way though . 
  [ it 's also how my university is called . 
  ] ( http://www.aueb.gr/ ), 
  oh ... that 's why ... 
  well they signed accords . 
  i wish it worked this way , but the news here are already reporting a bit of a backlash from some german officials . 
   the commission does n't have to be neutral i did n't say it has to be . 
  but it 's a matter of fact that almost always without exception it is . 
   without 100 % regulation of the infrastructure there wo n't ever be a single market in areas that require local infrastructure and do n't have place for additional infrastructure ok . 
  regulate infrastructure on the european level . 
  what 's stopping them ? 
  we spend more than 2 % on defense , more than any other country in europe .
