  greece does n't have borders in the traditional sense . 
  the schengen area does . 
  it 's there in the treaty . 
  all countries defend the common border of the european free travel zone . 
  frotex , an independent body of the european union was created to serve as europes border police and authorities from all over the continent shall protect the common border under a common service . 
  of course none of this is happening , because eu treaties are just for show nowadays . 
  frontex is n't properly funded in the slightest which leads to the countries at the periphery of europe doing most of the work at their own expense . 
  and we can only do so much . 
  but it 's important to remember that it 's not our responsibility alone to begin with !, 
  and it 's certainly not just our problem . 
  why would they ? 
  the greek government was hoarding debt for years !, 
  they knew government bonds were a scam !, 
  tbh , i am not against having more than 5.000 here . 
  the refugee situation is extraordinary in syria so we , and other countries should step up and host double or even more of what 's `` recommended '' , and finance refugee camps in the surrounding countries to the best of our abilities . 
  what should n't happen is that we should tollerate countries that are involved in the conflict like the us , russia and the gulf states when they say that they are not willing to take any refugees . 
  yes , we should be humane first , but we should n't be the worlds useful idiots . 
   that would be 10x times more expensive actually . 
  not to mention you ca n't run anything but provide some services under the control of turkish interior ministry . 
  i am not sold on that , at all !, 
  the cost of refugee allowances and housing in european countries ca n't possibly be less than renting land in turkey and building camps there . 
  i do n't have the numbers but i can only assume the former is astronomically more expensive . 
  i do n't think its fair for eu taxpayers or the refugees themselves for the eu to overspend in housing or to compromise on the refugees well-being just so they can be in european soil . 
  if with the same money we can ensure better living conditions for more people , i think we 're obligated to do so . 
  plus we can always get some extraterritoriality deal and just run the place under eu law . 
  i do n't see how turkey would be against that , especially if we take some of the huge burden off your existing refugee camps . 
  we are already in big trouble . 
  currently we have 57.000 migrants to take care of in greece . 
  of them , only about 6.000 are taken care of by the un . 
  the rest , we have to house and feed , recently we had to hire teachers for the children , and we 're making 3 camps every month to cope with the numbers . 
  this is a disaster for us . 
  europe only funded the control points in the greek islands , and since those funds were very situational , we pretty much have to pay for all of the rest of it from our budget . 
  the eus answer to that is that they expect for ~ 40.000 of those people to be relocated , but so far , it just does n't work . 
  we have turks on the one hand not sticking to their deal and not taking everyone back who has crossed since april , and eu countries on the other not relocating people in their countries for political reasons . 
  all of this has real costs for us , but no consequence for any other parties . 
  which is why the deal as a whole is a failure , apart from tourism in some islands somewhat recovering after the constant coverage of the whole deal ended . 
  it was a bad idea to bring turkey into this . 
  turkey is only using the situation to get money and perks like visa-free travel . 
  we should , the eu as a whole , buy land in southern turkey and run our own refugee centers there . 
  return people to those refugee centers if they cross to greece illegally , and each country can then take as many genuine refugees as they want directly from those camps . 
  this looks like an infographic from before 2013 since croatia is n't in it . 
  if tsipras is to be believe our absorption rate is now the biggest in the eu . 
  which would explain why we get all those funds in ops infographic . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://insideurope.eu/sites/default/files/field/attachment/absorptions_rates_info_13jun%20%289%29_0.jpg ), 
  i find it funny , cause that difference has become somewhat of [ a meme here in greece ] ( http://www.koolnews.gr/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/pasokara.jpg ) the difference is supposedly that podemos , syriza and their affiliates are the progressive left , psoe are a european social democratic party . 
  in greece , pasok , the equivalent of psoe was the party who was in power when the debt bomb exploded . 
  as a result of that eu commission removed the greek pm from office and the party who was in power ( in the eu , the epp , so new democrats here in greece ) forced pasok into a joint government of the two . 
  that government agreed to receive the first bailout , even though the vast majority of greeks wanted a referendum back then , since greece 's negotiating position was strongest at the very beginning , when the economy had n't collapsed yet and we actually could default , since the debt was held by banks , not governments . 
  we got none of that , and as a result of this abysmal performance , and later insights of pasoks pushing debt under the rug in the simitis administration , pasok got slammed in the election that followed . 
  from more than 50 % of the votes in 2009 , to less than 15 % !, 
  pasok is now barely making the threshold of 3 % to enter parliament , and as many hardcore elder pasok voters die of age , this will continue to be the case . 
  but worry not !, 
  pasok still lives on , in the form of syriza , in many political parties , and in the greek mindset !, 
  and as much as i hate both it and old syriza , spanish voters , listen carefully : when given the choice between podemos and dem socs , go with podemos . 
  it kills me saying this as a political moderate and as a person who did n't vote for syriza , but voting sometimes means punishing previous establishments , by going slightly outside the center . 
  podemos will over time move to the center , as did syriza . 
  your political establishment will never learn to respect you if they do n't feel like their actions in government have consequences . 
  tldr : i do n't agree with syriza , but it 's a fine thing we have it . 
  i wish someone could also reboot the center right . 
  yeah ... :3, 
  well , obviously ... 
  that 's really the problem in greece . 
  when everyone has benefited from corruption at some point , is it even corruption ? 
  k fixed it . 
  u happy now ? 
  i was talking about distances , not land area . 
  [ do me a favor and drag the greek mainland into mainland europe ... ] ( http://thetruesize.com/#?borders=1~!mtu0mdcwnzk.otc2njqyng*mjyxnjgzmza ( mtq1nzu1ntc ) see ? 
  driving from city to city will always be more expensive in greece that other transport methods , it 's always been this way , and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  we 're a mountainous , sparsely populated country , unlike those in central europe . 
  roads here are private companies , are expensive as hell to make , which means tolls are also expensive af . 
  and that 's ok , because the alternative is not having roads at all . 
  even if you split the cost of gas and tolls by 2 or 3 , it 's still cheaper to go by rail or bus , sometimes even airplane . 
  from a quick look at the map , in other low population mountainous countries like switzerland and austria , you can see the same thing . 
  almost no domestic shared car rides . 
  it 's not like people do n't use cars , but they do it for convenience , not because is cheaper , as is the case in other countries . 
  edit : removed the part where i say that greece is about as big as germany in size . 
  it 's not , mkay ? 
  but it does n't matter anyway . 
  greece has about as much of a footprint as germany and france , and that means few people need many roads ... bruh !, 
  i do n't think it 'll be about military strength . 
  not all conflicts boil down to `` who has the most guns '' . 
  if there is increasingly more and more international support for a kurdish state ( and there seems to be ) , turkey can do very little , especially when it comes to kurds in syria and iraq . 
  an independent kurdistan in what is now northern iraq is n't science fiction . 
  we 'll probably see it before 2030 . 
  it 's pretty inevitable that this conflict will fire up in the future , the side the west will take is not a given . 
  [ except one ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/f/f9/kebab4life.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/270?cb=20150303184432 ) . 
  which to be fair is not a stereotype . 
  seeing that other countries are inconsistent as well , i 'd say there is probably something wrong with the data in one of those , or that they show different things altogether . 
  the wealth per capital is sure to have fallen from 2014 to 2015 but 20 % ? 
  not likely at all . 
   how does turkey failing to meet its obligations to its minority entitle you to do the same it does n't . 
  but when last year we 've heard erdogan bsing on my home province of attica because we do n't have a mosque here yet , where in fact we 're actually are in the process of building one , with public money ... that gets me . 
  here , the state had to build a mosque because the substantial muslim population ( majority of whom are illegal immigrants ) wanted one , even though they could n't pay for it , and never , not once even tried to go though the process that all other religious communities go through for their temples . 
  catholics , protestants , orthodox , pagans etc. 
  i am sorry , there is no equivalency between how we treat our ethnic and religious minorities and how turkey does . 
  the point that i was making was n't that turkey should n't hold us to high standards on human rights , as they apparenlty do now where it comes to pomaks and other minorities here . 
  is that they should hold themselves on equally high standards when it comes to minorities in turkey if they want to call themselves a european nation . 
   has n't your state policy always been to deny any links between the pomaks and turkey ? 
  i do n't know much about what the official policy is . 
  but i have a friend who is half pomak ( and identifies as such ) .
