  i do n't see any benefit , really . 
  i do n't think there are any cost savings making signs in latin as compared to any other script . 
  i guess if you want to have your signs also be in the latin script like we do here in greece you will have to make double the signs . 
  also , cyrillic is n't like a logogram or an abugida . 
  it 's an alphabet just like greek and latin , they all work exactly the same , there 's nothing new to learn other than pronounciation which you have to anyway if you want to learn a new language . 
  if you do n't want to learn other languages what good will latin do in literature ? 
  as of universality , it 's not like it 's the early days of computing and unicode does n't exist . 
  if there was any argument towards shifting to latin , it would be then . 
  it all sounds like a nuisance to me . 
  the only good reason to switch writing system is if it fits your language better . 
  or you could do it for political or cultural reasons , which is fine by me , just do n't pretend it 's not going to cost a lot and wo n't be a pain in the ass for a generation . 
  i think cyrillic is a staple of their language . 
  how so ? 
  it 's just a script ? 
  i think the lowest estimate is that the greek government owns and operates around 22 % and the highest is 53 % of the economy , depending on what you consider state-run . 
  there are many heavily regulated and sanctioned areas and industries in which the government participates in shares or is a majority shareholder . 
  but that does n't make the business state run . 
  indicative of this is that even though much of the greek economy is sanctioned by the public sector , the amount of genuine public employees as a percentage of the workforce in greece was among the lowest in europe before the crash , [ is the lowest in europe right now ] ( http://www.iiea.com/ftp/images/blogs/july2011/finalsizeinfograph.jpg ) , and it 's still been going nothing but down as more and more state assets become public interest companies with the privatization plan . 
   not airstrip one come on !, 
  this is n't me advocating for it or anything , i am just genuinely surprised that this has n't come up , even as a [ concept ] ( http://imgur.com/lm7k9ih ) . 
  looking at a map of europe today , it 's easy to forget about what it once was . 
  in the past 40 years we 've connected [ france and great britain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/channel_tunnel ) , [ denmark and sweden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%98resund_bridge ) , and here in greece , we 've bridged [ the peloponnese to the mainland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rio%e2%80%93antirrio_bridge ) . 
  now , all that remains is a bridge between the italian mainland and sicily , right ? 
  well yes , [ this should happen too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strait_of_messina_bridge ) ... 
  but , we can do better than that , i think . 
  the adriatic is a sea that cuts deep into mainland europe , but at its mouth , it is very narrow . 
  75 kilometers of sea divide the albanian town of orikum from the italian port of otranto . 
  to put that in perspective , the underwater part of the channel tunnel is about 40 km long . 
  and it was built more than 20 years ago . 
  the adriatic crossing is a very popular crossing from people delivering stuff from greece , turkey , or the southern balkans , to italy and france and vice versa , but it 's also very expensive , time consuming , and ... dangerous . 
  at its narrowest point the adriatic sea can be very unforgiving to ships in the winter , and a lot of crossings in the past 20 years have ended in disaster . 
  which , along with the fact that more than 40 million people live at the southern balkans and could benefit from this . 
  all of whom are potential eu citizens and 18 million of whom are eu citizens already , sound like very valid reasons to consider linking the balkans with italy physically . 
  it turns out the technology that would make this tunnel possible is now right around the corner . 
  a [ submerged floating tunnel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/submerged_floating_tunnel ) is relatively cheap to build and can be made resistant to earthquakes , vital for a tunnel connecting 2 continental plates . 
  so i think it 's a good idea . 
  i believe all countries in the region should fund it to some extent , as it 's going to improve the flow of goods to and from western europe immensely . 
  but ... can it even be done to this scale ? 
  sft is pretty much the only way but the technology is untested . 
  would it end up being over-time and over-budget ? 
  to what extend should the eu fund it ? 
  should we build it ? 
  / discuss . 
  this is probably not true everywhere , but where i live , in places like train stations , airports , ports , malls , information offices etc , you often see some videos playing on big displays , sometimes on repeat , others followed by commercials . 
  always mute . 
  recently even the state broadcaster went into promotional mode by having small videos of many greek islands in-between news shows . 
  i freaking love those things !, 
  is there an equivalent where you live ? 
  if so , post them !, 
  i really want to see them !, 
  ... deal with fact that literally everyone is a president . 
  the number one reason why it 's so hard , i think for most people , to follow european politics is the fact that everyone is a god damn president !, 
  it certainly bugs the hell out of me , and i am a sucker for that stuff . 
  i mean , who thought of that ? 
  there is the president of the commission , the president of the parliament , 2 presidents of 2 councils at any time , 3 if you count the council of europe which too has a president that often appears for no reason . 
  if you are so much as a leader of your party in the european parliament ( and there are maybe a 100 of them ) you will also be reffered to as a president , not to mention the literally hundreds of other small eu institutions that have their own presidents . 
  hell , even the head of governments of countries , most of who are n't presidents , are refereed to as presidents , sometimes . 
  it 's not uncommon for people to start their talk with : `` mister president , and mister president , distinguished presidents of such and such ... and of course mister president ... '' . 
  at some point a word looses all its meaning if its been repeated over and over again . 
  so here is a suggestion : president of the european council -  president . 
  president of the european commission -  prime commissionaire . 
  most countries have prime ministers and chancellors anyway , and even those who do n't , get it , i am sure . 
  president of the council of the european union -  he/she is almost never known outside his country of origin , changes all the time and is irrelevant , so drop this title altogether . 
  a country should n't `` preside '' over the eu . 
  call it what it is . 
  countries are taking turns `` hosting '' the eu council ( which btw is in itself stupid and we should be done with it and generally everything that moves the seats of the eu around ... 
  calm down ... 
  i am calm now . 
  rant averted ) president of the european parliament -  speaker of parliament , or your countrys equivalent . 
  heads of governments of countries -  always their titles . 
  presidents of parties / groups in the european parliament -  what happened to the word leader ? 
  presidents of and some times irrelevant , mostly non political small eu institution -  secretary general . 
  and that 's it . 
  nothing else will change . 
  not only will this system or an equivalent will make it possible for people to actually follow eu politics without their heads exploding , but it also better represents the fact that most eu countries are parliamentary democracies and the eu itself is a parliamentary system . 
  it would make it harder for the farage crowd to point to `` presidents '' and scream `` unelected !!! '', 
  every 5 minutes . 
  [ removed ], 
  we do n't really have many . 
  the ones i 've been too were . 
  topless women is not a problem for kids here either , and in most cases full nudity is n't a problem as well . 
  but as i said , usually where there are a lot of kids around this might dismay people from getting full naked . 
  in what region of greece exactly is topless not fine ? 
  actually there is one , but it 's not really a wish , it 's something you say to someone who had a lot of luck . 
  \u039a\u03c9\u03bb\u03cc\u03c6\u03b1\u03c1\u03b4\u03bf\u03c2 kolofardos : long-ass or wide-ass . 
  definitely : `` do you expect me to smell my nails ? '', 
  = how the hell am i supposed to know ? 
  look , the way i see it , there is ... sort of a societal code of conduct for being naked in a public setting . 
  i am gon na talk about my country ( greece ) , and i want you to comment to what extent these norms apply to yours or not . 
  there is no taboos about partial nudity of any kind . 
  like , so long as you cover up your crotch area with something , nobody is going to deny you service or anything like that , with the only exception being places of worship , and even then , people may scold you but they wo n't kick you out or anything . 
  as of beaches , of course you have nudist beaches or nudist spaces where most people are naked . 
  but here 's the thing , you can actually get away with some nudity in regular beaches too . 
  for starters , topless women , you 're fine . 
  like nobody is going to tell you anything , even in a public beach . 
  nobody is going to tell you anything if you fully undress at a beach to change into your swimming suit either , or to take a shower at the back . 
  although if there are kids around i think very few people will fully undress . 
  saunas , change booths , anything that is gender segregated or away from public spaces : yep , be as naked as you like . 
  these like ... apply to all countries in europe , right ? 
  generally avoid being seen by kids , showing off is never fine , do it in an appropriate area or be naked for a while on the beach but for a reason .
