  it would be more unrepresentative and because of the small number of constituencies , potentially , more easily rigged . 
  the % hurdle is n't such a bad idea , although 5 % does sounds like a big number to me . 
  i think if 5 % of the people want something you at least have to take them somewhat seriously , cause it 's a lot of people . 
  or at least i think that . 
  maybe because here it 's 3 % , and there are some legitimate parties in our parliament with less than 4 % of the vote . 
  but when a party gets 1 % of the vote you really have to ask : are you really that different from the party next door ? 
  find political allies and just do n't clutter the parliament more than already ... 
  wait , what ? 
  really ? 
   if the goal is n't to make switzerland unhappy , why not include switzerland , as a schengen member , in the group of countries that make rules for schengen ? 
  if the swiss want to take part in the decision-making process , it turns out there is round table out there . 
  a place where exactly that happens . 
  it 's called the eu . 
  and they were and are always perfectly welcome , as is any functioning european country . 
  or they are perfectly entitled to ditch the common market and reinstate their borders . 
  but so long as they are n't an eu member ( ie : committed to the european project ) it 's understandable that they should n't be making any of the laws , and so long as they are involved in eu treaties , these laws they still have to follow . 
  try sending meps and your president to veto the bill then . 
   you mean , it 's democratic to have a foreign goverment decide what we should do in my country ? 
  no , but you chose this . 
  at some point you were asked to join the eu and you voted no . 
  instead you guys agreed to follow the common law , and have no representation , stakes or veto in its making . 
  you 're right , it 's not democratic at all , but that 's not our fault . 
  it 's yours . 
  well too bad . 
  switzerland chose to follow and not participate in the decision making process . 
  now lap that shit up . 
  that 's no true at all . 
  just across where i work in victoria square , some of the lowest scum of the earth threw a bomb in a coffee store where students of the nearby university had their coffee . 
  injuring many and killing the accountant of the buisness . 
  it has n't even been a year since . 
  how is this not a terrorist act ? 
  or are you telling me that golden dawn targeting and killing one of their critics in the middle of the street was n't a terrorist act ? 
  truth is we have a huge problem with politically modivated terrorism and the state is willfully inadequate , and has been for decades . 
  it 's not as bad as it was in the cold war , but many of these groups and many new ones are still around . 
  in no way that justifies anything . 
  everyone condemns such acts . 
  yeah if you 're looking for someone to defend christianity , holy shit will i be the last person on earth to do that for you . 
  but there is no way you ca n't at least see the faulse equivilance that undermines your whole claim . 
  holy shit . 
  there 's so much intellectual phalacy here it 's like ... 
  i am just stunned . 
  i could be refuting this for hours , but i honestly do n't know where to even fucking begin !, 
  yes . 
  but the west has evolved since and we do n't do that anymore . 
  so who is this even an argument ? 
   hey guys look !, 
  we did the same shit 2000 years ago !, 
  slavery is awesome !, 
  yes , but to their credit , they have n't killed us all for it . 
  whereas try being an apostate and a critic of the faith in the islamic word . 
  rhymes with `` lol , you 're dead '' . 
  it is . 
  but here 's the key difference : a majority of christians do n't think they should practice slavery , do n't lobby for slavery to be legal and the vast majority wo n't justify or condone a rape crime . 
  pedophilia and child marriages in the islamic world though ? 
  turns out , really common . 
  people think it is part of their culture to marry girls as young as they please , and a majority condones it . 
  i do n't know if you have noticed , but people have been saying this routinely and openly in the west for like two centuries . 
  this guy knows the shit . 
  this could very well be a kick-ass action film . 
   it 's besides the point * who arranged it * maybe . 
  but claiming that he did with no evidence is n't helpful , or fair . 
  the thing is we really do n't see turkey or muslims as the enemy . 
  we really do n't . 
  i 'm fact , we would rather prefer to be indifferent to the muslim world . 
  unfortunately we also would rather enlighment values and freedom not be challenged in every way , shape , or form in the islamic world and by muslims in our own countries , because that hurts our way of life , wherever it happens . 
  so that 's our big dilemma . 
  you would think we want our enemies weaker , but in reality we just do n't want to deal with your stupid shit . 
  you knows what i realized ? 
  we call him the sultan for years in greece for fun but it probably wo n't be very fun in a few days . 
   the guy who staged a fake coup so he could lock up judges and professors i would n't be surprised if he was behind the coup but as there is no definitive proof that he is , i do n't think it 's right to accuse him of this . 
  more like he used a coup attempt to consolidate power . 
  even for a republican constitution that 's stretching it . 
  there are kings in what are considered absolute monarchies with less fucking powers than these . 
  well it is n't dumb . 
  enlighment era european intelectuals played a key role in achieving greek independence . 
  some by lobbying their governments to help which did happen in the end , some by sending money to the effort , and some by arming themselves and traveling to greece . 
  lord byron famously died fighting in greece . 
  so did many people from pretty much all of the western world , including probably your country . 
  kicking the ottomans out of an increasingly enlightened europe was seen as european business . 
  there are even verses in the hymn to liberty about how this is in many ways one of the first enterprises of an enlightened europe . 
  it was probably still propaganda as an excuse to kick some ass but it 's not like they did n't have a point . 
  i am all for reunifying this masterful piece of sculpture and displaying for the whole world to see , but how exactly is it related to the troubles of our times ? 
  we 're more than friends in this continent . 
  we 're family . 
  hmmmm ... nah , not really , no . 
  there is going to be a huge march for europe in the 25th of march in rome , and probably many other countries too . 
  in greece it was suggested that the annual independence day military parade planned for that day , be done with eu flags instead of greek flags . 
  tie * best party !, 
  also , austria stop being so negative . 
  damn those lazy germans and their strikes . 
  what do you mean dual ? 
  pasok and the center left is dead . 
  if they did n't try to sell the `` big center left democratic coalition narrative '' to get some votes from the centrist parties they probably would n't even make it into parliament . 
  syriza is also dead , and the more they postpone elections the more their numbers go down at this point . 
  the left is a total disaster right now . 
  here are the results of the elections when they happen : new democracy gets enough seats to rule comfortably alone for 4 years , golden dawn or the communist party ( depending on how the trial goes ) is the opposition . 
  small irrelevant parties left and right stay out of palriamennt , and a liberal party ( possibly the centrist union ) gets some of their votes and rises a bit . 
  that 's ... 
  probably because of you though . 
  i know i have googled bsec after seeing your graph going : the hell we are involved in again ?
