  so ... do i see why some people think greece is not secular because of the origin and the wording of our constitution ? 
  sure . 
  is greece not secular in practice ? 
  i read the other day that germans to this day use cash at a higher rate than all other eu countries because of the hyperinflation of the 1920s . 
  in fact , this event was so disastrous for the general public , and it became such a part of the public consciousness that all governments since , democratically elected or otherwise , have shown more concern in maintaining a sound currency than any other place in the world , simply due to the fact that the people have heard stories and have very strong feelings towards that . 
  i like this idea . 
  that nations can be though of as living things that grow and mature over time , and that adapt and reform to circumstances . 
  greece may very well be like germany in that regard . 
  and in that aspect , i think the debt crisis of the 2010s is a sort of a blessing . 
  it will too create a sort of public consciousness that will make greece more fiscally responsible in the future . 
  greece was never an industrialized country so we 've never been through this before . 
  sure , we 've been through wars , and many other events over the past 200 years that greece has existed , but believe it or not , some questions about the fiances of state and such , are pretty much asked for the first time now . 
  greece may sound like a thing that has existed since forever , but ... truth is , that is not the case . 
  it 's a pretty new thing . 
  200 years of unified greece is kind of unprecedented in history , but it is n't a long time . 
  much like other `` new '' ( by european standards ) countries like ... germany !, 
  we are n't that much different from germany , and the lessons germany has been forced to learn over the years are n't beyond us , either . 
  not in the pokemon universe , apparently . 
  do n't ask me why . 
   i doubt the greeks were the founders of europe 's original principles since the greek civilization is fundamentally incompatible with ours ( slavery , class division , aristocracy , women forced at home ) the greek civilization was and still is a continuous process . 
  i do n't see how athens 2 and a half fucking millennia ago having slavery and an aristocratic class makes our entire principle system about those things or define us forever . 
  nothing you said was uncommon for pagans at the time , and if you define european culture as christian , know that we were christianized before everyone else . 
  and if you define it as secular , [ we got there first too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caesaropapism ) . 
   and the greeks never ever thought about an united europe . 
  our intellectuals and revolutionaries were talking in favor of that shit in the 1820s , when there was n't even an italy . 
  and ancient greeks had some interesting ideas about europe too , they did n't give it a common name it for nothing . 
   middle-european people who idolize the greeks here are quite laughable given what the greeks thought of them . 
  and what would that be ? 
  people are still buthurt 25 centuries later because a bunch of guys called them uncivilized barbarians once ? 
  well , it was kinda true at the time . 
  it is canonical , apparently . 
  and the mystery dungeon universe is n't as of now , but it 's easy to see how it could be given that a major plot point in the first game is the asteroid . 
  as of the asteroid being 6 miles in diameter , well , so is sootopolis city , apparently . 
  wallace says so . 
  sootopolis is much better though . 
  it was created when a freaking dimension shifting meteorite crashed on the earth . 
  a meteorite that it turns out , may have come from a series of parallel timelines in the continuity when the ultimate weapon is fired . 
  so that means that actually , in roughly 3/4 of all timelines sootopolis does n't even freaking exist . 
  only in 1/4 of all the timelines does both the technology exist to shift the asteroid , and the player fails to stop it resulting in it being used . 
  tl ; dr ; sootopolis exists in the original games as a result of the possible failure of the player in the remakes . 
  the real one was created when a volcano blew off an island or whatever . 
  booooooooooooooooooooooooooring . 
   but 12000 refugees are too many ? 
  a single refugee in european soil is one too many . 
  we 're not indifferent to the world 's troubled . 
  european countries and the eu provide the bulk of humanitarian aid , more than the rest of the world combined . 
  most refugee camps and programs are funded and run by us to begin with . 
  the rest of the world with few exceptions has been fucking horrible with their response to this mess , which to be fair they mostly create . 
  yes , i understand that it 's important to help people . 
  in fact it 's fucking admirable what we 've been doing , but at some point the rest of the world needs to step up and help fund those fucking refugee camps in the middle east . 
  and until that happens we should be pressuring them by not accepting refugees in our soil as the final solution to everything . 
  the solution to this huge international problem should n't be : `` whatever , europe is going to take care of them either way . '', 
  exactly . 
  this is a rare case of natural selection in the modern world . 
  i say let it do its work . 
   german-style gouda sure but do n't label it german gouda . 
  label it german-style gouda . 
   greek-style yogurt sure but do n't label it greek yogurt . 
  label it greek-style yogurt . 
  placename before product implies that it actually comes from that country . 
  there is nothing honest about greek cheese ^ ^ ^ made ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ canada , and we have no business at all doing the branding and the marketing for canadian cheesemakers . 
  name your fucking cheese something else . 
  and i for one think that if the package says : german guda or greek yogurt , it should actually be from those countries . 
  you want to make gouda here in greece ? 
  nobody will fucking stop you , just do n't brand it as fucking german . 
  is this too much to ask ? 
  i just want to observe that you have every right to sell beyaz peynir and bjalo sirene made in turkey and bulgaria respectively . 
  you can also sell bulgarian and turkish yogurt and so on ... 
  there are n't any trademarks out there for fucking cheeses and yogurts , you can make and sell what you consider the same cheese anywhere in the world and nobody would bat an eye , but if it 's not made in greece you should n't be able to call it greek yogurt . 
  especially when in the case of feta when many feta producers even here do n't get to call it feta . 
  unanimity means even the smaller countries have a veto . 
  even they have the right to get their say . 
  that 's how the eu works , always did . 
   should that be illegal in your eyes ? 
  yes . 
  whether i agree with the message or not should n't be the point here . 
  political narratives should under no circumstances be advertised . 
  ideology is n't a fucking car . 
  handing leaflets and putting `` this is a message from x political party '' before limited adds on tv is the only things we have here and i would rather these were n't allowed either . 
   this new currency would n't apply to existing debt no it will , that 's the whole point . 
  jesus christ how is this even legal ? 
  i did n't understood much about that . 
  supposedly the ecb sets it to their best knowledge or according to thr value of a bond in the market . 
  yeah . 
  in almost all ways its the same thing . 
  except the fact that countries can devaluate their debt on the new system . 
  it does n't always make sense for them to do it , but at least it is an optional . 
  the first one is rather interesting . 
  the tl ; dr is that countries are allowed to have currencies in parallel with the euro , but these currencies are n't actually the legal tender , and in fact are of little concern to consumers and businesses , who keep using the one and only euro in their everyday lives . 
  the national currencies are used exclusively by each national bank and government . 
  the banking and the transactions of everyday people are dealt on a european level by the ecb , and the ecb constantly sets appropriate rates for the national currencies to the euro . 
  this is actually quite elegant : creditors get back a realistic value for their investment . 
  countries like greece have to worry again about inflation of their working currencies meaning too much printing money can lead to their currency being devaluated when it comes to the euro , meaning we literally can not afford to buy enough euros just by printing drachmas and at some point we have to cut spending . 
  and the real economy all across the continent still functions in euros , same for everyone , with the ecb acting as the sole watchman for banks and financial institutions between individuals and businesses . 
  effectively everyone gets what they want : strong fiscal incentives to keep public finances in line , a ridged ( although complicated ) monetary system , and some form for debt-ridden economies to afford themselves some debt relief . 
  it 's not perfect , but i 'll take it . 
   too soon ? 
  yes . 
  we 're not `` massively eu friendly '' . 
  it 's just that most of us like to stick to the facts .
