  bank also means table or equivalent . 
  \u03a4\u03c1\u03ac\u03c0\u03b5\u03b6\u03b1 literally means bank as in `` bench or table , place of exchange '', 
  it 's not trademarked like feta but it 's still protected . 
  i looked up the company yesterday basically expecting what you said and i was pleasantly surprised to see that it 's actually a brand made by the greek lidl arm to unify suppliers under the same label and export more greek foods to european markets . 
  in the eu , the label greek yogurt is protected . 
  for something to bear the name greek yogurt , even as an ingredient , it must be produced in greece . 
  plus moving yogurt around is n't much of a logistical challenge , or as expensive as you think . 
  it 's actually cheaper than moving the milk to make equivalent yogurt around , so in many ways , importing the yogurt makes sense . 
   but why not ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/67yrhc/unemployment_in_europe_2016_eurostat_links_in/dgud3qd/?context=3 ) is why . 
  replace eu with eurozone . 
  it would n't have worked even if it was about the euro . 
  referendums do n't work for decisions like this . 
  i do n't exactly disagree , but that 's principles and this is reality . 
  sure it sucks that other eu taxpayers will have to chip in to get likes of greek adminstration , but we have clearly done everything possible , and tasked everyone else with the rest , so at least you ca n't complain about that . 
  everything is set to be privatised , the share of public employees is the lowest compared to the size of the workforce in all of europe . 
  i am sorry that you feel that lowering pensions to 500 euros from 1000 was n't enough . 
  it was frankly unconstitutional . 
  that money did n't belong to the greek government or their creditors but to people paying into the system for decades , expecting a decent pention . 
  but again , even that much is principle . 
  and this is reality . 
  debt relief for all of this is a fair compromise . 
  it does make economic sense in one key area : they can list greek yogurt as an ingredient . 
  we only steal from the best . 
  feel flattered . 
  i thought you were talking about tzatziki . 
  as of yogurt , the greek root of the word is , unsurprisingly , ancient greek . 
  because people have been making it for millennia in eurasia where domesticated cows were available . 
  how can it mean something in turkish ? 
  it 's a borrowed armenian word . 
  i looked it up . 
  that brand imports yogurt from greece . 
  the local dairy shop had something like [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_nyfwps-dnru/tcobywpjo7i/aaaaaaaaado/upqrhdll8eu/s1600/giaoyrti.jpg ) from a bulgarian producer once . 
  it was god tier . 
  actually looked up eridanous and turns out the yogurt inside this packaging is indeed greek . 
  in fact lidl made huge deals with greek yogurt , olive oil , and meat producers to be able to make and sell said products in their stores . 
  the `` produced in germany '' thing is n't referring to the ingredients , but the assembly and packaging . 
  the yogurt is imported from greece , it 's just packaged in germany . 
  we do . 
  here is how to get it : buy fage yogurt , olive oil , garlic and cucumbers , grate the garlic and the cucumbers and mix them all together , tada !, 
  the original greek tzatziki !, 
  it literally takes seconds to make , and if you get it ready it will always be sub-par because the cucumbers absorb the yogurt after a while making any packaged tzatziki , [ even if it was made in greece ] ( https://www.amvrosia.com.gr/english/salates-amvrosia/elliniki-farma/tzatziki-200gr-self-service ) , a total disgrace . 
   we care that we make the best one , by far . 
  personally having tasted bulgarian yogurt i have to agree . 
  and point out to this as there being no reason to fight over yogurt . 
  everyone makes it differently . 
   yo\u011furt itself is a turkish word . 
  not an argument . 
  under that logic we invented the telephone and the telegram . 
  in greek the word for yogurt is of ancient greek origin , because guess what ? 
  people all over eurasia have domesticated cows and made yogurt really early on . 
  yogurt belongs to no-one . 
  greek yogurt is , as the name suggests , greek . 
  mfw it 's summer already . 
  i love summer :d, 
  this is extremely clever . 
  i like it :d, 
  the uae is sort of heading that way . 
  at least if you 're not a muslim . 
  i do n't care if he pleadges that he is the second coming of christ , so long as he wins . 
  do n't fuck this he france . 
  software developer here and while i am not unemployed , i do n't work in software either . 
  do n't come to greece looking for a job . 
   it does look like a shithole it hurts me but i have to agree . 
  i fucking hate how athens looks . 
  if the islands can have building codes and basic architectural consistency rules , so can the mainland . 
  mainland provinces , get on it . 
  i did n't thought of it like this . 
  imo distinct entities within countries or disputed territories should be their own students . 
  flanders and wallonia for example , i see them like twins , the kind of twins that you can tell apart though . 
  since they show up everywhere together we jockingly call them belgium . 
  in our case , turkey insists that he has a girlfriend from another town called trnc . 
  but nobody has seen her or really believed her to be real as of now . 
  omg this is genius . 
  sure . 
  this too . 
  frances love life is very interesting . 
  the mediterranean countries are n't exactly the cool kids , more like the weird kids , but they are a fun bunch of lads . 
  the whole group centers around 4 guys : portugal , greece , italy and spain who are best friends since forever and have been through some shit together . 
  greece 's girlfriend cyprus , and italy 's girlfriend malta sometimes show up too . 
  cyprus and malta hang out with each other a lot and are considered cooler though , and they take school somewhat seriously and get moderately good grades , whereas the guys kinda suck at it . 
  it 's not like they 're dumb , they just do n't try much . 
  france also shows up sometimes because she usually feels at home with the meds . 
  france has had some very weird relationships in the past . 
  she is always messing around with this guy germany . 
  they keep breaking up and making up . 
  it 's kind of insane !, 
  overall france is probably the most interesting out of the bunch . 
  the running jokes of the group is france shipping spain with portugal , making fun at portugal for not having a med coast , and making fun at greece for being bad with money . 
  the meds are probably the funniest group of the class . 
  they 're the ones talking back to teachers and getting into trouble all the time , not studying for school , doing pranks and getting detention , but they 're generally liked by the other kids ( or they pretend to like them ) because they throw some fun summer parties . 
  edit : i should probably mention that weird transfer student , turkey . 
  he punched cyprus in the face the first day of school and now he pretend she does n't exist . 
  what a fucking dick . 
  edit 2 : let 's extend this a little bit . 
  now what you need to understand about france is that although we meds consider her part of our group through and though , she also hangs our with others , and basically acts as ambassador between our group of friends and others . 
  basically the whole drill with france is that she has historically found herself in somewhat of a 3 way ... love-hate relationship . 
  see there 's a really posh family in our neighborhood , their father great britain is very respected . 
  they have 4 kids , england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland . 
  n.ireland is adopted though .
