  for all i know , pomaks are the indigenous peoples of thrace . 
  slavic in origin , and historically bilingual , speaking both pomak ( a southern slavic language - that may be related to bulgarian or even be bulgarian , i do n't know - ) and turkish , and are predominately muslim . 
  i do n't know what to make of that fact . 
  my friend does n't identify as bulgarian or turkish . 
  he is a greek !, 
  and i see him as such too . 
  omg we 're not last !, 
  of course it does . 
  it 's a good thing . 
  but it 's not contrary to order . 
  and what would be my priorities then ? 
  please enlighten me !, 
   kurds already have equal rights , what pkk is asking for is privileges , and we are n't going to treat anyone differently just because they happen to belong to a certain ethnicity . 
  ok , that sounds reasonable . 
  i guess we should also stop giving minority benefits to the pomaks of thrace . 
  we should also require muslims under our jurisdiction to have permits and oversight for operating religious institutions as is the case with every religious group under our constitution . 
  i forgot , when we did those things , you guys screamed : muh lausanne treaty !, 
  muh human rights !, 
  muh discrimination of recognized ethnic and religious minorities !, 
  so which one is it ? 
   just a few years ago : cough : [ we still are on par for the most part ] ( http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/10/credit2.jpg ) : cough :, 
  implying that southerners hate order ? 
  surely what switzerland is was only possible in the 19th century for a country of its size . 
  but it 's not the 19th century anymore . 
  i am for switzerland too , but hardly because of money . 
  it 's just the best of europe imo . 
  the place that somehow has combined the best elements of northern and southern culture . 
  i see most the best in us concentrated there to such an extent that it 's almost hard to believe . 
  we all have a lot to learn from switzerland . 
  profound things about the nature of being european . 
  things that they 've been dealing with successfully for centuries because of their history , that we 're only facing today . 
  switzerland is a microcosm of europe . 
  europe as it should be . 
  amazing !, 
  freaking phenomenal , actually !, 
  can confirm . 
  if it 's south of the danube , the food is terrific !, 
  they are eu countries in all by name !, 
  and you did n't report it to the authorities ? 
  who would n't want to follow this !? 
  all hail the majestic banana unicorn , our lord and savior !, 
  what if i make a phony religion and claim that every day is a holy day and make it really hard to not make fun of ? 
  like , strapping a dildo on followers forehead and speaking in reverse while throwing bananas at people ? 
  will i put every german citizen in jail ? 
  thanks a lot guys . 
  thanks to you , effectively cutting off the center of athens for the 100.000.000 th time , my university had to reschedule the entire finals , and now i have to study advanced mathematics for only 2 days just to go there and probably fail . 
  and the exams are happening while i am supposed to be at work . 
  again !, 
  what a fucking blast !, 
  thanks for making me call sick again !, 
  thanks for having me through my bosses very justified rant , when he refuses to change the entire schedule at the last minute . 
  again !, 
  thank you for making it impossible for people living in athens to schedule anything yet again !, 
  i hope donald trump buys you just so he can fire your ass !, 
  rusophile in greece in 99 % of the cases means : hey guys , maybe we should sell those people shit , and give them visas to come here on vacation , and get cheap gas from them in return !, 
  and in 1 % of the cases it means : putin , our glorious lord and savior will destroy turkey and help us reclaim constantinople for christendom !, 
  hellas stronk !, 
  not really such thing as a rusophobe in greece , either , because unlike you guys , we have experience on the matter . 
  you guys only now are figuring out eastern europe . 
  we were born in it , molded by it ... 
  quick germany do it before he turns into a bull again and ... oh well ... 
  not to mention , it 's against the creditors own interest . 
  sure it says to others who owe you that you do n't take shit , but weakening your debtor is , in the truest sense , cutting off the hand that feeds you !, 
  it 's mafia tactics , not economics . 
  and the comment of the year award goes to ... 
  according to common logic . 
  if scots vote stay but the result is a leave ... well ... 
  i would want to leave the uk in their place . 
  well , technically it was a peace keeping force fighting for noone . 
   [ i admire tsipras ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvft0szax_8 ), 
  well given how we fought on your side in kosovo , probably not denying ethnic cleansing taking place there . 
  your side was the right side , clearly . 
  but independent kosovo is kind of hard to justify recognizing . 
  first because we have n't really decided if it 's a good idea and what precedent it would create . 
  and secondly because if we were to take a stance as the country with a bigger military than all the other balkan countries combined ( except from turkey ) , for or against one of our neighbors , shit is sure to start flying towards the fan . 
  so we 'd better switzerland this one . 
   deny ethnic cleansing in kosovo w-wait ... we do that ? 
  really ? 
  ** criticism ** \u02c8kr\u026at\u026as\u026az ( \u0259 ) m ( noun ) the expression of disapproval of someone or something on the basis of perceived faults or mistakes . 
  example of criticism :  their policy is pretty shady, 
   thinking i was serious . 
  my bad !, 
  b-but ... usa also helped hide debts . 
  gee , i wonder , why would a country in such close proximity with the middle east , libya and the balkans , disapprove of the us ? 
   erdogan once made pro-lgbt speech  [ turkish police use water cannons , tear gas to disperse gay pride parade ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/turkish-police-use-water-cannons-tear-gas-disperse-gay-pride-n383386 ) which one is it ? 
  i am glad that you like greece . 
  personally i have n't visited turkey , but i have been to all-inclusive hotels here and elsewhere . 
  i hated it . 
  hard . 
  it 's not that i do n't see the appeal , especially for families and retired people ... no , actually it 's not . 
  i take it back . 
  all inclusive sucks . 
  its not even good , even for families and pensioners . 
  what kind of parent takes their kids to all-inclusive instead of going on vacation to disneyland or to see places and visit museums and theaters , and generally do stuff together ? 
  what kind of pensioner goes to all inclusive instead of going to casinos and sightseeing tours of european cities , and visiting medieval churches and going to organized tours of the holy land ? 
  i mean bruh !, 
  do it right , or do n't do it at all !, 
  when work is better than this kind of vacation , you know you f * cked up !, 
  if you need to take a break so badly just put a kiddie pool in your garden and get cheap cocktails from lidl . 
  there you go !,
