  allow me , as an atheist who just happens to know shit , to explain to you how church and state relations work in greece : in 1850 , the church of greece relinquished all claims to civil authority as well as the proceeds of their lands and gave it all away to the national government . 
  in return , they requested that the government compensate them annually by not taxing their proceeds more than 40 % ( i am not sure about the number there ) , by not interfering in their internal affairs and by providing salaries to the priesthood . 
  the government actually does amazingly from this , as the proceeds from ecclesiastical land , and the land itself which the government often sells vastly outnumber the taxes that the church would have paid had this deal never been made . 
  and the priests salaries is a fair compensation for the rest . 
  ever wonder why our beloved creditors have mostly left this seemingly wasteful tradition alone ? 
  it 's because it 's not wasteful . 
  the church actually contributes hundreds of millions every year directly into the budget . 
  it 's like they 're paying for themselves and then some . 
  we can discuss the ethics of having this system all you want , in theory , as an atheist i think we should probably sacrifice this revenue to get the church off our constitution once and for all . 
  but the reality that the church is actually beneficial to the state financially and that your taxes are actually lower because of this arrangement can not be overlooked . 
  edit : also no government , even pms and cabinets who have been irreligious or straight up atheist like tsipras , have never actually steeped up to challenge this deal . 
  it 's not because it 's political suicide , either , greek politicians seemingly commit political suicide more often than they have dinner , it 's because they can actually see the money poring in . 
  i think this is very deliberately worded , and it sort of leaves out the kind of thing we 're talking about here , treating the church and `` god '' as sort of a civil enterprise more than anything . 
  i think traditional is worded much better than prevailing , so points to bulgaria for that . 
  the reason why athens does n't have a mosque is n't ottoman hatred at all , but rather strict rules and regulations on the funding of religious congregations . 
  other governments or religious institutions centered outside greece can not finance it , and since muslims are extremely divided in tribal and denominational lines there pretty much have n't been any credible plan for the fateful or domestic islamic organizations to fund any mosque in athens , and that 's why there is n't really any right now . 
  and the government unwilling to change the basic law just to accommodate the bullshit attitude of the muslims , crying for a mosque on one hand and unwilling to finance it on their own on the other , is actually financing a non denominational mosque in athens right now , extremely controversially too , and honestly in my opinion they should n't . 
  no we did n't . 
  and i think it was a phenomenal mistake to name it the `` olympic plan '' . 
  yes greece did spent 14 billions and got around 2 billions back at the time but it 's retarded to even compare the two because the majority of the spending was n't even for the fucking olympics . 
  the so called olympic plan included stuff like a massive upgrade and extension of metro lines , new railway projects , a new airport in athens , and even an entire fucking motorway in northern greece and a bridge in western greece all unrelated with athens and the olympics . 
  i ca n't really blame you for not getting the difference when even fucking foreign news networks do n't have the decency to look shit up . 
  but the costs for the actual olympics is about 6 billion euros , of which 2 and a half were made from increased proceeds at the time , about a billion more has been made ever since from stadium use , and when hellenikon was sold the government got about a billion and a half for a piece of land with unused stadiums that nobody bothered to even tear down anyway . 
  so not a success by any means . 
  but you could n't have manifactured a seemingly more bullshit money disaster if you tried , and now i have to forever roll my eyes when seeing articles `` the olympics were the beginning of the downfall of greece '' . 
  even if this was true , and we threw 12 billion away , which we did n't , is n't it a bit of an elephant in the room that the greek national debt is 300 something billions ? 
  if you are looking for white elephants in greece you wo n't find them in stadiums and airports , but in the bullshit social programs that plagued our system for a generation . 
  i live in a tiny aegean island , and i hear stories about satnet all the time from the dark ages before the island was linked to the fiber grid . 
  my favourite thing about these stories is how outsiders used to be genuinely impressed with the internet speeds of satnet not knowing the costs and the fact that if it were remotely cloudy , it was basically unusable . 
  i also thought my neighbor was mad for still having his satnet antenna up , even though he definitely does n't have a plan nowadays . 
  now i think he 's playing the long game . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  you 're going to dike the shit out of the adriatic sea and make a mess out of our beautiful mountainous landscapes . 
  we can not allow this to happen !, 
  it sucks so much that both cities have gotten the olympics before , but if anyone should have it i guess it 's been a century , so paris should get it . 
  nevermind that giving the olympics to a different city every four years is retarded , at least do n't make it more retarded by actually do try to give it to different cities that did n't have it before or did n't have it in a while . 
  i love how foreign journalists do n't understand even the fucking fundamentals of how the greek political system operates . 
  we may not even have a word for `` republic '' in greek , calling our country a democracy officially , but our constitution is probably the most republican in europe , if not the world , and it really frowns upon public opinion for these kind of matters . 
  to say that there is a looming chance of a grexit referendum , and that public opinion is going to erupt in a huge protest vote and the greeks will see themselves out is a complete fantasy , as i 've said in [ another thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/67yrhc/unemployment_in_europe_2016_eurostat_links_in/dgud3qd/?context=3 )  historically , politicians treat the idea of an eu membership referendum like the plague for 3 reasons : 1 ) the outcome of such referendum is a lose-lose situation , either having to realign greece outside of the eu or giving the eu too much influence over greek politics , making any greek governments for a while incapable of standing to the eu ( even remotely ) , no government wants to find itself in any of the two situations . 
  2 ) a referendum of this nature is frowned upon by politicians , because it 's seen as a possible derailment of their platform . 
  big shifts in policy like that are generally reserved for national elections , where the politicians present their platform and intentions to the public . 
  referendums are therefore seen as secondary when used for this purpose and are generally frowned upon . 
  3 ) it is almost certain that in the outcome of an eu referendum , whichever way it goes will be close , this will create the need for the president to call for a compromise , diluting the positions of both sides . 
  making absolutely everyone unhappy . 
   just look at 2015 when all of the things went wrong . 
  tsirpas was asked to compromise with the opposition , his diluted position lead to him being dicked by brussels , and his platformed was fucked and discredited leading to elections . 
   tl ; dr in our system there can never be a referendum for important stuff like constitutional changes or eu membership , and thus opinion polls are worthless . 
  instead one should look at the potential composition of the next parliament , and it 's not even close . 
  more than 80 % will consist from pro-eu parties , and at the moment it looks like the most eu-friendly party , the new democrats are gon na get an absolute majority in the house . 
  if anything that 's a bad thing , and the government should be more flexible to important changes , because it 's easy for small bad stuff to pile up and hard for major good changes to occur in this system . 
  but the idea that a potential greek parliament will vote us out of the eu or the eurozone is a fantasy . 
  even rocks must have known that these are fake , though . 
  why even bother publishing this ? 
   ... in 2014 , nd had sunk greece even deeper into depression [ data ] ( http://imgur.com/a/i2bqo )  they already proved they did not have the technical knowledge during the last bailout so they were voted out . 
  there is nothing to show that nd had the brain and technical power to accomplish anything or make any long lasting changes . 
  as opposed to who ? 
  the great negotiator alexis tsipras ? 
   all of these major radicals were removed from syriza and once tsakalatos got to be finance minister everything has run fairly smoothly . 
  are we out of capital controls ? 
  are we registering constant solid growth in every quarter ? 
  i would n't say we 're back in business as usual , pardon me . 
   tsipras , although i think he is a good leader are you typing this from a parallel universe or something ? 
  because if so , can i please get there ... somehow ? 
  i think varoufakis is a very positive voice for the eu , but damn he made for a terrible finance minister . 
   there is absolutely no evidence the economy was getting better other than nd government propaganda i do n't think this is entirely true . 
  many indications such as the price of greek bonds , growth predictions and job creation hinted at a greater confidence in the greek economy before syriza came in , in 2015 . 
  i know that the way the samaras administration tried to sell us `` growth '' was completely disingenuous and frankly insulting , but syriza absolutely did not make things better than it otherwise could have been . 
  not in 2015 , and certainly not today . 
  all indications point to the opposite . 
  cyprus , with a center right government successfully left the program and is now registering growth of 3.3 % per quarter . 
  so did spain . 
  nevermind ireland , who is registering double digit growth figures ever since the program . 
  portugal is now governed by the center left but it was the center right that got the economy out of their program . 
  at some point it 's fair to ask : why not us ? 
  and the answer boils down mostly to : because [ these guys !, 
  ] ( http://hellenicinsider.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/tsipras-varoufakis.jpg ) it 's just a matter of fact , so let 's stop this false equivalence . 
  not all greek governments are equally bad . 
  edit : also your tone is completely biased . 
  it 's not quite the same . 
  it 's more like : if you see men acting irrationally , it 's probably because of some lady . 
  germany and hungary are n't bad either . 
  i am digging this . 
  at least it makes slovenia and slovakia more dist ... oh . 
  oh , so that 's why the people at work ( i work at an afternoon music shcool ) told me to show up with my good guitar and prepare for a show nearby afterwards . 
  they did n't even bother to tell me what it was . 
  well , now i know the occasion . 
  are n't all of those fucking zero to begin with ? 
  yeah , but he was never this much behind and never this discredited . 
  which is in no way suggesting that nd could n't find a way to fuck this up , as they often do . 
  ps : on the other hand , tsipra 's political strategy right now indicates to me that his internal polls are bad as well , probably even worse than the ones we 've been getting . 
  the cohesion of his party and coalition under all this unpopular rhetoric and policy is remarkable and i can only imagine driven by data of a sweeping loss of seats in case of elections . 
  it 's only natural . 
  so it 's not like nd could n't fuck it up , but it would take a monumental fuckup at the helm and mitsotakis certainly is not . 
  itn both cases there is little grounds for being optimistic . 
  it 's not like we 're getting the statesman we desperately need . 
  all we get either way is politicians that suck at actual policy but are bloody brilliant at the political game . 
  so we might as well choose them through a reality show or a beauty padgett for all that it matters . 
   it 's ultimate defeat at this point for the greek left . 
  do n't worry , they 're still in power and they 're still doing damage in many areas at a rate that it will probably take generations to fix . 
  edit : you 'll be the ones paying for these stupid policies like `` general national pension '' and `` the road to universal guaranteed income '' when they blow up in the future just as you are paying for the fiscal damage pasok did in the 80s and 90s .
