  are you on drugs ? 
   implying greeks think eu is a scapegoat and that there is no self criticism in greece . 
   saying greece is an `` infected limb '' , and that your country being truly invested in the european project does n't mean invested enough to help other european countries in great depression . 
   implying i ever said that you were in nato or said anything about ww2 . 
  seek help . 
  wow , what a load of unsubstantiated crap , honestly . 
  i could debunk everything but i wo n't even bother as i 've done it a billion times for ignorant people like you and at some point it 's just not fun anymore . 
  i 'll stay on the point , which is russia . 
  russia is n't remotely dangerous for any eu country and you guys in proximity to it need to finally understand this . 
  i know it 's hard . 
  this is the same kind of paranoia that permeates greeks regarding turkey , but it is unsubstantiated and damaging . 
  even without nato , russia would n't be dangerous . 
  with nato , the very idea that russia could hurt european interests is a dangerous fantasy . 
  if the soviet union could n't do it to a smaller and less integrated nato , russia ca n't do it today , it 's that simple . 
  in general our feelings towards the russian leadership reflect that reality rather than the fantasy of russian aggression . 
  many greeks see the russian leadership , not as something to be appreciated or emulated , but as something to be friendly towards and gain from . 
  `` orthodox brotherhood '' is something that generally exists too . 
  much in the same way britain and america share a lot of cultural and religious ties , same is the case for orthodox countries with greece . 
  so it 's russian aggression a real thing ? 
  of course it is !, 
  is ukraine a precursor for what is going to happen next in the eu ? 
  absolutely not . 
  if you 're itching to solve an illegal occupation , i will remind you that turkey is currently occupying cyprus which unlike ukraine is part of the eu and there are 2 reasonable parties trying to reach a compromise there . 
  as of `` grexit '' , it 's a dangerous fantasy too . 
  there is no way a greek government will ever really leave the eu or the euro because the benefits to being in are substantial to say the least , and since you really ca n't force us out , if you do n't like financing the greek program may i suggest leaving yourself ? 
  your *, 
  greece cyprus romania moldova  catholics, 
   athens at nearly 40c you were really unfortunate . 
  it usually stays at the comfortable upper 20s . 
  phew , what a noob !, 
  i combine my 2 naps and sleep and sleep for 20 hours every day , get on my level you workaholic !, 
   four centuries of ottoman rule ... ... have nothing to do with the utter incompetence of the post war governments and their terrible city planning . 
  basically what happened is that gdp grew in greece in the second quarter compared to the first , even though it was expected to fall . 
  that 's all . 
  greece is in many ways better these eastern european countries , even bottom line economically , even under depression , so people still are n't as eager to leave everything behind and move to a different place . 
  and people who do , often immigrate to the us , canada or australia , as it 's very easy for greek nationals . 
  there is a fair share of people who move to other western european countries , especially lately , but they are not many , and most of them come back anyway as it 's not that much different . 
  greek here . 
  it 's a great depression , simple as that . 
  what happens in all great depressions is happening in greece right now . 
  life expectancy is lower than it was before , people are paid less and unemployment is extremely high , so it 's really tough . 
  having said that , this year was truly the first time i can confidently say that it was better than last year , only because last year was the lowest of lows though . 
  italy spain and greece are n't poor countries in the slightest . 
  we 've taken a hit a lot more compared to other western european countries but we are not remotely close to where easterners are , still . 
  and it 's not the lifestyle or the food . 
  here in greece for a long time we were more obese than americans and we still are according to some studies and we smoke a ton more , too . 
  the mediterranean diet is also a myth . 
  genetics are also irrelevant as the same could apply pretty much for all of europe . 
  the difference between east and west is that we have established , functioning universal healthcare systems for decades and for the east it 's a recent development . 
  nothing more . 
  there really is n't any difference between north and south , and it 's basically the practices and general lifestyle of individual countries that can explain the difference in health outcomes . 
  cyprus and southern greece ( if not all of greece ) needs to go over to southern europe . 
  part of croatia needs to go to southeastern europe , then this should then be named just balkans . 
  netherlands and flanders need to go central . 
  baltics need to go either eastern or northern . 
  probably northern . 
  slow pace ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  it 's intense af . 
  all this symbolism is hard to take in !, 
  how bout ... bullfig ... never mind . 
  how about having the most secessionist movements of any coun ... actually never mind that either . 
  oh i know !, 
  bigger producer of olive oil in the world with 1,110,000 tons . 
  but wait you 're also a country of 46 million which would mean that our 300,000 tones is actually a lot more per capita ... ... ... 
  i give up . 
  guillermo del toro 's pans labyrinth is my favorite movie of all time and it 's spanish . 
  spain is the most beautiful foreign country i 've ever visited !, 
  i love you spain < 3 ; _ ;, 
   today was raining all day and 18 degrees that 's honestly enough for me to never set foot there ... 
  and , this way unemployment will go down in greece too !, 
  it 's a win win !, 
  nooooooooo !, 
  this was our thing !, 
  now we 're number one at nothing ; _ ;, 
  a 0.5 % difference on greek gdp represents more than 1 billion $ that the greek economy has more than it otherwise would every year . 
  that 's hundreds of jobs , maybe even thousands . 
  it 's not nothing at all . 
   mrsa [ it 's more of an italian issue ] ( http://ecdc.europa.eu/en/healthtopics/antimicrobial_resistance/database/pages/map_reports.aspx ) than a `` southern '' issue . 
  and healthcare in our countries is pretty functional still , despite of the economic woes . 
  in fact , if anything , it 's better , because we get really good health outcomes ( almost equal to northern countries ) despite the [ higher obesity ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9d/obesity_country_comparison_-_path.svg/2000px-obesity_country_comparison_-_path.svg.png ) and the hot and humid conditions that make for more , more frequent , more dangerous and easily transmittable diseases . 
  we 're number 1 in the world , i think . 
  you know , you 're not wrong , you 're just an asshole . 
  the eu and the imf are far from perfect , but their interest aligns with ours in one thing . 
  getting greece out of this , asap . 
  sure they made mistakes , we did too ( like ... a lot ) , and he was right for pointing some of them out , but it 's far from calling it all `` criminal '' . 
  i am graduating this year . 
  greek universities are weird to price though . 
  tuition is free , books are free and i also got a generous gift because i was the 4rth student to be selected for my school . 
  because of my student card , i get free food everyday , i get a 50 % discount in transportation and entertainment , and my parents pay a tiny bit less taxes than they otherwise would . 
  if i had to move to a different city to study , i would also be able to apply for rent subsidies or communal housing ( which sucks ) , but i live with my parents until i graduate . 
  i know this sounds like ... holy shit , a lot ... 
  but the cost is outset significantly for most people by the fact that in order to go anywhere close to a university , you have to go through the panhellenic exams and perform reasonably well . 
  tldr : what the panhellenic exams are an international series of exams in all subjects for greek speakers that are held at the same time , with the purpose of raking the entire student population from best to worst based on score . 
  then an algorithm reads the list and automatically enrolls students to their university of their choosing . 
  when the algorithm reaches the person who fills the last place in a university , it also publishes his score so that students next year have a general idea of how much demand there is , and therefore how much demanding getting in that university is . 
  it 's common for parents to spend thousands , or even tens of thousands of euros to hire tutors for those exams during high school , and it 's always possible that someone does n't perform that well which means that he has to go through the same thing all over again . 
  but student debt in greece is practically unheard of for another reason , a cultural one . 
  it is considered the responsibility of the parents to educate their kids to the best of their abilities . 
  it 's remarkably common how parents will often save money for their kids post graduate degree , even illiterate parents often do it .
