  source ? 
  what local interests would not wan na see athens to thessaloniki in 3 hours and 40 minutes ? 
  is there any plan for this ? 
  : please let there be a plan for this :, 
  added to the list of changes !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  added to the list of changes !, 
  thank you very much !, 
   you know what a good time for is ? 
  an eu referendum . 
  -  win unprecedented absolute majority on a mandate of renegotiation with the eu -  they get to negotiate a monumental treaty change , everything pretty much goes their way : limit on immigration from eu countries , a bigger rebate , no commitment on assisting the euro or refugee crisis whatsoever , `` closer union '' clause removed . 
  -  hold eu referendum confident that they got a good deal . 
  -  fail to convince anyone . 
  -  fail to not allow the process to be hijacked by utter bullshit . 
  -  oh shit , brexit just happened -  oh shit the pm just resigned , and all the brexiters are fucking morons . 
  let 's appoint a remainer . 
  -  brexit means brexit -  proceed to do nothing for a year as they do n't press the brexit button . 
  -  meanwhile the scots are pissed , pledge to not let them hold a referendum . 
  -  ok , so after a year of nothing , let 's actually do it !, 
  let 's get to doing article 50 . 
  the time is now ticking . 
  we have 2 years to renegotiate everything . 
  we must exhaust all our resources and energy to get a good deal . 
  -  you know what a good time for is ? 
  snap elections !, 
  -  lost majority in parliament . 
  -  we have pushed the article 50 button and negotiations start next week -  oops , we have no government now . 
  strong and stable \u2122 brought to you by the tories, 
  there 's hardly data for countries right now . 
  looking for history of motorways in respective countries would be insane !, 
  actually the bridges ( not a tunnel ) are still pretty much part of the plan . 
  the current a1 route around maliakos is currently property of the central motorway company , pretty much they were forced to rush it before the actual central motorway itself due to the backlash from all the accidents on the old road . 
  but this creates a window in the aegean motorway that must be filled for the motorway to be profitable in the long-run , so it makes sense that they would be the ones that build this shortcut . 
  they are open about their intention to bridge the gulf too . 
  are there any multi-level junctions in this root ? 
  i used high speed roads with at least 2 lanes , multi-level junctions and additional safety lanes for all countries regardless of their name and title . 
  it would appear to me that in finland , only the shown roads appear to meet my criteria of being proper motorways , thus the name highway in finland does n't necessarily mean the same as it does in other countries . 
  holy shit !, 
  i dismissed this because i did n't spot the english button !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  ideally a submersible floating tunnel from albania . 
  linked to greece , and croatia through montenegro . 
  this is not mapporn or beautiful imo . 
  if you feel that it belongs there , feel free to post it there for me . 
  you have my permission . 
  [ since 2015 or 2016 , i think ] ( https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=11/37.2150/22.3325 ), 
   dual carriageways dual carriageways are not proper motorways unless they have safety lanes and multi-level junctions . 
  i must admit that i did n't spend much time in turkey but that 's only because all the info pointed to the blue roads in your map as not being proper motorways . 
  [ let 's see ... ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/place/iceland/@64.128367,-21.8698375,308m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x48d22b52a3eb6043:0x6f8a0434e5c1459a!8m2!3d64.963051!4d-19.020835 )  split check  two lanes in each direction check  high speed limit check  multi-level junctions check  safety lane yep bingo !, 
  highways should be motorways by definition . 
  except i just could n't find any source of the specifications of finish highways to include them in or not . 
  so i played it safe , went with only proper motorways by name . 
  finland was a pain in general . 
  there is so little information about roads , even little pictures and articles of roads . 
  it would really help me if someone would identify whether [ these ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/51/suomi_valtatiet.png ) are proper motorways , but i seriously doubt it . 
  i do n't have to , [ the good people at openstreetmap did it for me ] ( https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=7/51.618/5.438&amp;layers=c ) it must have taken them years . 
  i used photoshop and some basic templates . 
  this is not the final version by any means , just a sum of all the information i gathered so far . 
  motorway has a standard definition across the world : at least 2 lanes in each direction , additional safety lanes and multi-level junctions . 
  as of expressways , in some countries such as spain , they are a fancier way of saying motorways . 
  in others like britain , they can be a dirt curvy road across a mountain path or a roundabout in the middle of nowhere , and thus they vary drastically to proper motorways . 
  this was taken ( to the best of my knowledge ) into account . 
  this took way more time to make that i would like to admit . 
  i did this as complimentary to a sort of research i 've been doing about major greek motorways set to open this year . 
  for some countries it was extremely hard to find up to date information on the state of their highways , so i worked with everything that i was able to find including news-souses through google translate . 
  but surely there are bound to be mistakes . 
  if you spot any please let me know . 
  this will help me a lot and i will update it . 
  implying ? 
  i would be ahead of my commitments too , if i were committing jack shit . 
  not sure if finland beats netherlands or netherlands beats finland . 
  you read in articles all the time that wine is very good for you if you drink it with every meal like we do here . 
  have you ever actually read any of them all the way through to see how little it is we drink ? 
  it 's one or two small glasses , or maybe a can of beer , so we do n't actually get wasted every time we eat . 
   they absolutely do not hate us for our freedom no , this ca n't be . 
  george bush was wrong about something ? 
  they hate us for our freedom , so let 's change that . 
  actually they do pay membership fees , and if anything , we are sort of ripping them of , because they get none of it back and they can never renegotiate their share . 
  the commission just tells them what to pay and they have to pay it . 
  let me put some numbers into the discussion , this may arm you with some perspective on this issue . 
  the academy of greece in 2011 produced a study for the greek parliament with a series of estimates in how much climate change will cost greece by the year 2100 . 
  3 estimates were made :  a non-action scenario where neither greece , nor any other country in the world stand up to the challenge and greenhouse gasses accumulate at the same rate as they did in 2008 . 
  the bill is 701 billion euros at the very minimum . 
  that 's more than double what the national debt is right now btw . 
  -  a damage reduction scenario where the big polluters do n't step up to the challenge and greece spends as much money as possible on prevention with currently available technology . 
  the cost of greece in this scenario is about 577 billion euros . 
  -  and finally , a best case scenario where greece switches completely to renewables by 2050 , coupled with big polluters substantially limiting their emissions , which has the climate stabilizing at 2 degrees of warming and 17 centimeters of sea level rise from 2008 . 
  this scenario is priced at 436 billion euros . 
  also keep in mind that the best case scenario is the worst out of the best with exactly 2 degrees rise in temperature , and the worst case scenario is the best out of the worse , where co2 emitions remain the same as in 2008 for a century . 
  we could be saving a lot more by taking action immediately . 
  however it 's also important to point out that as of now , we are already at a worse path than our very worse estimate . 
   you can not just show up , you need to fulfil the requirements . 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  a test and a waiting period is in no way substantial requirement . 
  i do n't care what they ask you . 
  if you can study for a citizenship test , then it is a flawed citizenship test . 
   but they themselves did nothing like that ? 
  actually they are also required to serve in the greek military . 
  all greek ( male ) citizens have to do it . 
  it 's not like once your grandpa served and so that means you 're part of the team .
