  and sure , turkey is n't china . 
  but vpn and tor are n't a substitute for a free internet ether . 
  that 's because in all cases the biggest concern is legal , not technical . 
  no responsible company or individual will go against the wishes of the government , even if it is an easy thing to do , because the government in those countries is batshit insane . 
  what 's next ? 
  google removing critical youtube videos to appease china and other dictatorships that currently ban youtube ? 
  as a programmer , this hurts me . 
  a lot . 
  i hope there is a way to bypass this . 
  my thought process when i see a word for the first time : de hell is nepotism ? 
  nepotism -  neo ... potism ... -  `` new ... irrigation system '' !? 
  maybe its ... nai potism -  `` yes i am in fact irrigating '' !? 
  hold on that makes no sense . 
  let me look it up . 
  it might not be greek . 
  yeap it 's french . 
  yeap it means what i think it means ... 
  fancy words that are n't of greek origin , why is this even a thing ? 
  it 's not like ... 
  wait a minute . 
  our word for it is also french !, 
  damn you france !, 
  and that was my thought process ... edit : yes , it is quite stupid , indeed . 
  we all have those days ... 
  i think . 
  holy shit that 's more than our debt !, 
  one graffiti is one too many . 
  if you 're an artist take it to yourself to paint decently and lawfully and let the vandalising to the 12yearolds . 
  stand up , it 's [ time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo_-kobibg0 ) . 
   there are just two genders  x and y someone skipped biology class . 
  yeah , if fucking italy does n't want southern italy why should we ? 
  how dare you correct our divine overlords !, 
   the eu commission said to uk `` no cherry-picking '' . 
  inb4 old brit shaking his stick , saying `` you ca n't tell me what to do '' and picking cherries for no reason . 
  til the [ shadow minister of stupid ] ( http://www.lifo.gr/uploads/image/781962/adonis_georgiadis_twitter.jpg ) is a very high ranking official in other countries . 
  til all political parties in turkey use red as their colour . 
  how do you make sense of this , exactly ? 
  well it would be better if they had n't sacked and weakened the city 's defenses first . 
  but it 's something ... 
  sir you forgot [ some islands ] ( http://imgur.com/a/9gzwv ) there . 
  opens page . 
  sees varoufakis . 
  subsequent bailouts also went to greek banks . 
  so germans did bail out greek banks when we did n't have any money to do it on own . 
  quite successfully too . 
  all 4 were on the brink of collapse but now the bank run is over and the capital controls are on the way out . 
  is like saying country flags are selected by the government and therefore represent the government and not the country . 
  [ members of the council of europe ] ( http://www.kidsmaps.com/geography/images/fullsized/council-of-europe.png ), 
  it 's the flag of all of europe by definition . 
  galileo , our satellite navigation system is built by esa across continental europe and is funded entirely by the eu . 
  it is the most precise navigation system ever devised and currently it is over-performing its design specifications . 
  it also has thousands of new features over the american gps , most notably the ability to locate a distress signal with a margin of 3 meters in all directions , and feed the data to authorities in eu countries in real time . 
  so next time you call 112 , look forward to them already knowing your precise location , and even the orientation of your phone . 
  also look forward for the eu to roll up mobile apps so the team that 's coming to your aid can start their assessment of the situation before they even arrive there . 
  all possible thanks to the roaming freeze , more cooperation between data providers , smartphones , 122 and of course , galileo !, 
   it does n't matter what the outcome is , it ca n't change eu policy . 
  that 's a leap . 
  sure it alone ca n't change eu policy but it does matter . 
  it would mean hungary does n't take any resettlements by order of their parliament . 
  usually there is a domino trend with these things in europe . 
  if one country changes domestically for what other countries consider better ( and yes the migrant plan is n't popular ) other countries follow . 
  if enough countries do it , that can certainly change eu policy . 
  so it is important and it does matter . 
   i 'd imagine the police might also settle for less if you handle the matter personally ... not really . 
  if you ever find yourself in a situation dealing with greek police i would advice you not to bribe . 
  there is a big crackdown and you could get arrested . 
  ideally situated close to a heavily religious immigrant neighborhood to help them integrate . 
  can we has when eu army is a thing ? 
   in the long term they should gain . 
  there is literally nothing to gain . 
  turkey is the only country that does n't recognize cyprus and cyprus can already trade with turkey as part of the single market and has to worry about no embargos , has already exclusive economic rights to the region and hew citizens enjoy freedom to travel even to turkey . 
  it 's not like a reunification deal would bring any if this . 
  as for what they would loose , it depends on the deal . 
  if turkey has a say as a `` guarantor power '' it 's a loss of sovereignty . 
  if turkish immigrants to cyprus over the past 40 years are allowed to stay , it would be legitimizing the change of the ethnic makeup of the island . 
  and if the greek cypriots do n't get all of their original lands back , or compensated by turkey for it , it would be a loss overall . 
  it would make more sense for the koreas to reunify than cyprus . 
  the fact that there even is a transformers 5 movie somehow makes me more angry . 
  from greece : \u03a4\u03bf \u03bd\u03b7\u03c3\u03af ( the island ) is an amazing story of a family line ( multiple generations ) set in crete , based on the book with the same name by victoria hislop . 
  it 's really dark , but really well produced and the acting is incredible . 
  and the plot , well ... the plot is about discovering the underline plot , so my lips are shut . 
  here is the main [ theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsyuoaxa3z4 ) which i absolutely love . 
  \u03a3\u03c4\u03bf \u03a0\u03b1\u03c1\u03ac \u03a0\u03ad\u03bd\u03c4\u03b5 ( sto para pente - its a pun , it means `` at the last moment '' but it also means `` it takes 5 to ( do ) something '' , usually referring to 5 minutes , but in this instance referring to the 5 protagonists ) is objectively the best greek tv series , ever . 
  it 's an incredibly smart mystery series with its core theme being divine justice . 
  only its the exact opposite from what you would expect from what i just said , because its actually a comedy , and a really good one at that . 
  it 's also full of puns and the source of jokes that have since become puns so its really recommended for someone learning greek . 
  since both of those are intellectual properties of mega which is in the process of shutting down , their faith is uncertain , and access to them is pretty much non existent at the moment , except from pirating them , so that 's unfortunate , but it 's not like mega is treating those series like the gold they are . 
  you wont even find official translated versions of either . 
  and para pente is only also available in japanese . 
  so pirate away !, 
  mega has more important things to worry about . 
  the bill is the check . 
  things really escalated ... 
  what `` other macedonia '' ? 
  i am an atheist and even i do n't see it as wasted money . 
  any knowledge is better than no knowledge . 
  and the classes about other religions from this class were genuinely one of the most interesting subjects in school , that i can remember , our teacher even asked us to write essays about the geopolitics of religion . 
  at the end of the day religion is a driving force in the world , whether it is christianity or others , and whether i like it or not . 
  and some knowledge of it is necessary . 
  the way i see it , i would much rather my kid learned the religious stuff in a neutral environment and an academic setting than to have to search for them on the internet or ask me or a religious person , who are fundamentally more biased than a theologian who has been studying religions for life .
