  why do you need troops on an island that 's closer to you anyway ? 
  if all sides remove their troops turkey gains an immense strategic advantage in the region and can therefore `` protect '' or project power much more effectively . 
  and then you still go and fuck it up just to keep troops on the island as a political move . 
  boy you have to be dumb to swallow that and seeing how northern cypriots are much more unionist than the south , they seem to already be the wiser to this reality . 
  cypriot unification will happen . 
  it 's not a matter of if but when . 
  whether or not it happens on good terms with and with the concent of turkey , that 's pretty much the only question at this point . 
  [ here ] ( https://c1cleantechnicacom-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/files/2013/05/eu-solar-pv-capacity-per-capita-map.png ) is another map of the watts per inhabitant on the sub-national level . 
  even though it looks to me to be a bit older ( 2012-2013 ) , this is better for comparison since you can actually see that blue belt at the heart of europe actually decreasing the the effectiveness of solar solutions in those areas compared to the rest of respective countries . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vnokh ) , i even overlayed the two maps . 
  you can definitely see it , especially in germany and france . 
  air conditioning is the answer . 
  i will be conscripted soon . 
  hopefully this helps ... ? 
  any of those games have a real in-game player driven market and economy ? 
  not really ? 
  ok , warframe does ftp better then . 
  if you were hyped for destiny and thought it was a good idea but just wished it actually turned out any good at all , warframe is the game for you . 
  i hope you like rng and grinding . 
  as of money , warframe is literally the only free to play game that lives up to the free in the title , to the point that at some point i started feeling really bad and started buying stuff . 
  yesterday was a very productive day , did double the exercise , built a pc for a relative , bought myself a new webcam , and went shopping for clothes too . 
  given that , today i sort of ca n't move and i am basically in pain literally all over , so i just spent the day goofing off playing videogames * because i did n't have anything else to do , then a friend came by for a dinner . 
  all in all , it 's been almost 2 weeks since we were done for the season at my job ( afternoon music school , i am a guitar teacher ) and only about a week since the last exam of my finals ( i study computer science ) and this is sort of a very breef and well-deserved window of rest between all this and possibly getting a summer job . 
  i could really use the money , but i 've only found one here in athens and i really hate summer in athens . 
  i ca n't help it though . 
  especially since money-wise it 's better than my `` real '' job . 
  - sigh . 
  * also in case you 're wondering , i was farming harrow in warframe . 
  the systems still wo n't fucking drop . 
  i mean ... 
  defection rotation c ? 
  8 squads , half an hour of grind for a single roll and it 's 10 % drop rate ? 
  who fucking thought of this ? 
  i hate you guys at de so fucking much . 
  [ the uk scored lower in 2016 than that . 
  and austria , portugal , and italy score pretty much the same as us . 
  why single us out ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition_of_same-sex_unions_in_europe#opinion_polls ) let 's just say that the czechs are awesome and be done with it . 
  i am a greek under 35 in greece ama . 
  maneuvering the craft away from the authorities and refusing inspection certainly does not in any way diminish the claim . 
  this is vital information that all greek consumers should know about . 
  here is how you solve tax-evasion with one easy step : pay with card . 
  that 's it . 
  just get a pay-card bank account and make it a habit , it 's more convenient anyway . 
  i have worked in multiple accounting firms , i have actually seen how the system operates regarding the record of purchases with cards . 
  it 's literally impossible to cook the books when the transaction has been done with a card . 
  vat actually goes directly to the coffers as soon as the transaction is completed on the companies part . 
  in case any of the above does n't convince you enough :  since december 2015 , you have the right to know whether a shop accepts card or not , and stores must prominently display whether or not they do at their door and their counter . 
  please do avoid stores that still do not accept cards , it 's not because they forgot about them , at this point i can say with 90 % certainty that it is because they tax-evade . 
  -  all card providers have bonus programs where you get back as much as 3 % of your transactions into credits for major retailers . 
  my provider , gives me credits to buy stuff at public all the time , which is a good thing since i am a book nut . 
  i get to finance part of my hobby by buying my groceries , what 's not to like about this ? 
  -  you can plan your finances better this way . 
  at any point , in all banks you can actually log in and see a detailed history of your purchases . 
  sure as hell helped me cut on buying coffee , that shit adds up y' all . 
  -  the national lottery is a thing . 
  every month 1000 people see 1000 euros added into their account , for doing nothing more than the obvious of using card . 
  the chances are such that if this post convinces 20 greeks to start using card , statistically , one of them will win 1000 euros in the next 10 years . 
  yes this person could be very much be you , and even if it 's not , you would still do better in your everyday finances , and help in the fight to end corruption and tax-evasion for good . 
  it 's a win win , win win win . 
  go get a card and make it your mission to always use it . 
  it 's simple really . 
  nominal gdp is the overall size of the economy whereas gdp ppp ( the one often sided ) is gdp intentionally influenced by other factors such as currency , prices , inflation and general purchasing power , as well as other factors . 
  there is merit to both numbers , and there is validity to idea that a wealth and living standards of a country is n't only to do with its unadjusted gdp figure , on the other hand it 's hard to see anything other than the nominal gdp figure as not misleading . 
  personally i think gdp ppp should not be sited at all . 
  in reality there is n't such a thing as ppp dollars , it 's not an actual currency and you ca n't buy anything with it , so i think ppp gdp is dumb . 
  it 's not that other factors influencing quality of life or the economy long-term do n't matter , it 's that gdp is n't a measure of any of those things in the first place , so i do n't see the point in turning it into one . 
   but laws regarding cannabis in albania are heavily enforced . 
  albanian drug dealers basically dominate nearby european countries ' drug markets according to europol 's estimates . 
  just in 2016 10 tons of albanian made drugs were confiscated in greece , and 11 tons in italy . 
  albanian authorities under immense international pressure confiscated 30.164 tons of just marijuana in 2016 , but apparently even that much is a very tiny amount of the estimated hundreds of tons that make it out of albania every year . 
  so for all practical purposes , given how in the past 25 years it 's impossible to find anything but albanian weed in greece and in nearby countries according to authorities , and albanian cartels have operated for decades without any risk to the point that even criminals from other countries find it impossible to compete ... saying that the law is not enforced is by no means a stretch , in fact it 's putting it lightly . 
  and of greece too . 
  thessalians with thracians ? 
  pelloponese with iperus ? 
  and what about the islands ? 
  we ca n't have this . 
  bruh . 
  stop painting greek islands with turkey you lazy cunts !, 
  there are predominately catholics and orthodox greek islands but none muslim . 
  i think orthodox and protestants should get along . 
  it 's basically the same shit :  both think the pope is bullshit and basically heretic for the exact same reasons . 
   there 's many churches , some of them national , and they coexist . 
   both try to be authentic instead of changing things on a whim . 
   both had ptsd from fighting the catholics . 
  i mean , orthodox at the time of the reformation were busy fighting the ottomans and mongols , so it 's not like they cared much , but better late than never , i guess . 
  dude , do n't shit on unions . 
  it has been a stepping stone in all countries including yours . 
  i actually think it 's ridiculous that we 're still not in the dark blue . 
  i do too at about 32 degrees . 
  the answer is of course air conditioning . 
  40 was definitely not common in the summer everywhere in greece and definitely not with highs of 45 in the shade in a coastal region . 
  and definitely not in fucking june . 
  this is accurate i think . 
  turkey is a country with 7 times the population , a younger population too . 
  in a long war , it would be impossible to sustain our defense capability without allies . 
  so while evenly matched initially , turkey would most certainly win in the long run , be it in this very hypothetical scenario . 
  even so , the fact that turkey can not win decisively in a short period of time against greece or cyprus without experiencing tremendous casualties is enough for the purpose of deterrence , and an overall win for countries with a substantially smaller population and defense industries . 
   mutti is babe [ ... ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/af/1b/d7/af1bd70a2e7b9bd662792071d67350a7--excalibur-anime-kawaii.jpg ), 
  yeah , fuck that .
