  just a thought . 
  no no no \u03a3, 
  we also say `` you speak them like farsi '' when someone is speaking a language ( possibly foreign ) really well . 
  yep one of the many expressions originating from the ancients , gods bless them . 
  persians were all the rage back then . 
  step 1 : decide on a difficulty step 2 : decide what civ to get . 
  step 3 : if you picked greece , raise the difficulty by 2 levels . 
  we do n't shake our head for yes and node for no . 
  i am not sure if there is another country that does that and it 's in close proximity so people assume we must be doing it to , or not , but i 've heard it enough times as a `` fun fact '' . 
  it just is n't true . 
  we do it just like you . 
  shake means no and nod means yes . 
  sometimes nodding up once means no and nodding down once means yes too , but i 've seen foreigners do this so i am not sure it 's a greek thing . 
   he 's saying , essentially , that they 'll make it a hassle for me to travel on the grounds that turkish government is also potentially making it a hassle me to live where i am . 
  that 's the basis of all travel restriction . 
  it 's the reason you can go everywhere in the world with a swiss passport and almost nowhere with a somali passport . 
  if where you come from is any good at all , you are almost guaranteed to not do stupid shit , not break the law , and most importantly , when it 's time to return , return home on your own . 
  yep , that 's how it works . 
  i am pretty sure that europa in mythology was born in the levant seeing how her father was the king of phoenicia . 
  the `` abducted by zeus '' and whatnot happened in crete where she gave birth to the emperor minos ( according to myth ) , but still , most likely , not born in greece . 
  but she still important enough that her son allegedly named all the land of his realm and north of it after her , so that 's what matters . 
  you guys have to join schengen first . 
  looked it up . 
  totally legal . 
   the people know exactly what they are voting for no , that 's the thing . 
  i was n't old enough to vote between 2001 and 2008 , but the people who did vote in these elections really did n't know what the fuck they were voting for . 
  the information the previous governments left on public debt and spending was in retrospect deemed to be utter nonsense . 
  the more you tried to informed yourself about these issues at the time , the less informed you actually were , because we were all being fed lies from all directions . 
  it took a while even for the new administration to fucking realize it , because the old one whipped the computers . 
  these people were sophisticated . 
  i think the law does n't make any distinction whether or not it 's a product or service . 
  i think it 's equally valid for both . 
  if you request a product that is clearly marked for purchase or receive a service and you do n't receive a receipt when you attempt to pay for it , in greece it 's totally legal and actually advised to not pay and just leave with the product or service . 
  edit : read the law and fixed my wording accordingly . 
  you still have to attempt to buy the product or service , and the vendor has to actually refuse to give you a receipt , only then you are eligible to just take it and walk away as you for realsies , by law , are n't obligated to pay for it . 
  but remember : doing so in any other way would be stealing , which is of course , illegal . 
  not by me . 
  although i get what you 're saying . 
  it 's common practice on r/greece where the majority of people have yet to understand what the downvote button is for and treat it like a dislike . 
  personally i only downvote the memes because they do n't add to discussion , unless it 's a really dank one , then i 'll probably just let it be . 
  all i hear is :  military industrial complex try dismantling that without a coup and i 'll believe that it could n't happen there . 
  oh and since we like your military so much you would n't mind if the entire western world supported and legitimized the coup plotters , right ? 
   you yeah . 
  that 's it . 
  he did it . 
  he personally sneaked into the ministry of finance , hacked into the computers and changed the numbers . 
  / s truth is we were as much of a victim here as you . 
  turns out the politicians and banks who cooked the books did n't clue us in in secret meetings , nor did they ask for our approval . 
  we literally learned it at the same time as you did . 
  and to be fair had the eu had stronger checks for these things like we do now from the very beginning , that would be great for us , because transparency would mean seeing the problem early and addressing it early . 
   philotimo is almost impossible to translate sufficiently in any other language as it describes a complex array and variety of virtues . 
  here is my best attempt to translate it : filotimo ( or philotimo ) is best understood as ones responsibility to himself as a human being to always act in accordance with righteousness and honor . 
  even if ones wealth , safety , freedom , or even life is at peril , one that lives by this virtue will always choose to do the right and honorable regardless of consequence . 
  the idea of filotimo goes beyond the idea that one needs no motive to act in good faith and for a good cause , and suggests that for a person capable of thought , capable of distinguishing right from wrong , right and honorable actions should be the only acceptable behavior . 
  it therefore requires a universal ( or at least well-established ) sense of morality , and a `` golden standard '' of behavior , which must be reached by all means possible , and by any sacrifice necessary . 
  this term may apply to individuals , groups , or even greek society as a whole , and may refer to any kind of action or behavior . 
   how the fuck do you get \u03ae\u03c1\u03b8\u03b1 ( i did come ) from \u03ad\u03c1\u03c7\u03bf\u03bc\u03b1\u03b9 ( i come ) ?!, 
  it 's simple if you know how ancient greek works . 
  to get more tenses for \u03ad\u03c1\u03c7\u03bf\u03bc\u03b1\u03b9 , just like in any other verb you have to go back to the root of the word : \u0388\u03c1\u03b8\u03c9 . 
  after that it 's simple . 
  add an \u03b5 in the front of the world and change to the past tense , you come down to \u03b5\u03ad\u03c1\u03b8\u03b1 , and then just adjust for the attic spelling and you 've got : \u03ae\u03c1\u03b8\u03b1 !, 
  i 've tried bulgarian yogurt and it 's really f * cking good . 
  probably better than greek yogurt . 
  it 's also different . 
  if that 's not enough to clue you into the fact that it can happen anywhere , i do n't know what is . 
   after being exiled to the uk after bring self exiled to the uk ftfy . 
  i did n't say it 's flawless , i said it 's fine . 
  the euro is fine . 
  it 's the older generation of greek voters are gullible and dumb , they are too blame for all this mess and nobody else . 
  so long as you do n't have those , euro as you please . 
  a country 's exclusive economic area works based on said country 's territory . 
  generally , if a country has islands in a given area , they can freely exploit trade , oil and fishing around it . 
  in the south china sea there are a bunch of islands that many countries claim . 
  there really is n't any shared upon treaty that gives validity to any country over another , but still these are real claims and the whole situation is a big mess left and right . 
  the big douchebag of the deal is china though . 
  they are basically slowly and without much press , forcing their way into more and more islands by the month , which is a big no-no . 
  and everyone wants them to stop but nobody understandably wants to put their money when the mouth is and start a trade war with china over some islands . 
  it 's complicated . 
   poland 's half way to building a dictatorship while being an eu member . 
  well , that 's a load of crap . 
   it takes two to tango , and it 's a shame the eu at present ~ ~ still underestimates its influence on the internal politics of neighboring nations through its actions . ~ ~ undermines itself by even for a second suggesting that turkey could be among its family of nations . 
  ftfy, 
  or after . 
  this can not be true . 
  muslims of the greek region of thrace were not subject to population exchange , pomaks or otherwise , which is why they still live here to this day in roughly the same numbers as they did back then . 
  seeing how they were muslims in a predominately christian country your ancestors might have moved to turkey at some point , but they could n't have been part of any population exchange , if they were from thrace . 
  this is only partly correct . 
  greek speaking communities historically inhabited anatolia and the south of the balkans as well as many coastal regions in the mediterranean and black seas for centuries , concentrated primarily around the aegean sea , all predating greece and greek nationalism . 
  all greeks identified as `` romans '' before greek nationalism , not just those in anatolia . 
  yes , the eastern roman empire spoke primarily greek . 
  the english irish border will be beautiful in a few years . 
  great argument, 
  for an effective 5 % hurdle you need a parliament of 20 , for 4 % you need a palriamennt of 25 and for 3 % a parliament of 33 . 
  for 2 % you need 50 . 
  now , do i believe our parliament of 300 people should be reduced in number to something like 200 or 256 ? 
  absolutely . 
  we do n't even have to change the constitution to do that just the electoral law . 
  but how would a parliament of 33 people even work ? 
  how would you divide 33 into 13 provinces by population . 
  how would you account for party lists ?
