  meh not important at all , right ? 
  in fact , let 's ban modern literature too !, 
  who cares about papadiamantis and solomos and seferis ? 
  i mean these are only integral part of greek literature and culture !, 
  they have no place in the school system . 
  we better make school a safe place because someone might disagree with them ... tough luck , kid !, 
  you aint learning shit !, 
   greek church holds political sway they fucking wish !, 
  what always happens when matters of church and state are discussed is : church nags and groans about the changes proposed , some super christy people protest , most of us do n't give 2 shits and the church always looses . 
  always . 
  there has n't been a single political decision in greece that has been affected by the church in any way since the 1800s . 
  because of the ceasar-o-papal system , the church is dependent on the state , so when a decision is taken , even if it affects them , they have no choice but to follow it . 
  and trust me , if christodoulos ( the last and arguably most popular leader of the greek church in history ) did n't have his way in politics , noone ever will . 
  the church has neither the following to influence the public , nor the authority to influence the state anymore . 
  and as an atheist , i think the caesar-o-papal system is ultimately good exactly for this reason . 
  the only way to guarantee that the state is in total control of religion , is if the church and state are one . 
  and yes , i like living in a country where proselytism is illegal , where saudi arabia ca n't fund our mosques because the government is in charge and oversees the finances of all religions . 
  i like living in a country where celebrations are religious holidays , and noone makes a fuzz about it . 
  yes , i know it 's counter intuitive but i think secularism leads to more fanaticism and influence from the church than what we have here . 
  not to mention we smoke like ... a shit ton and exercise less on average than other countries . 
  yeah but think of it this way : the government owes a lot of money to the greek national stork delivery service , and they also cut their benefits . 
  as a result they strike all the time and baby deliveries are also down . 
  so it evens out , in the end . 
   why is n't greece in the olympics ? 
  we were first , you probably missed us . 
  something like :  what works in european nation states doest work in the usa because black people ruin everything . 
  it 's not outlandish . 
  ever since public healthcare spending was cut , private companies have taken over the bulk of healthcare in greece , it 's only natural since the public option sucks so much when it 's not adequately funded . 
  in fact , it 's probably because the public option sucks that we 've improved so much in efficiency . 
  with the public option contracting , many businesses have expanded to replace it . 
  and when businesses have to compete for the subsidies and co-pays of what is at any time a small amount of sick people , they have to be more efficient , as opposed to the government which does n't . 
  which is n't to say that healthcare in greece is private or will ever become private . 
  this would be unconstitutional . 
  it will just be increasingly delivered by the private sector . 
  but the `` pay nothing upfront for the public option and pay a small co-pay for the private option if you think it 's better '' hurts nobody , especially since taxes on those co-pays mean more funding for the public option . 
  and that 's where we are and where we 're headed . 
  the bulk of spending will be public , and the bulk of services will be private . 
  tldr : healthcare in greece is better than it has ever been . 
  essentially what we did is make fakelaki legal . 
  `` pay extra to get better treatment '' is now our model , but the difference is that part of it is directed to those who ca n't pay . 
  it 's actually kind of brilliant . 
  `` king of the hellenes '' is most likely the result of a direct translation from greek . 
  also i have to knit a hat with the greek flag . 
  that 's gon na take a while . 
  not to mention in greece the figure is astronomical . 
  it 's also quite faulse . 
  young people are more likely to work without insurance which has the side effect that they do n't show up on work listings . 
  that 's where this unemployment figure is based off and it 's not quite honest . 
  but ... october the 27th is greek flag day ... 
  i wo n't have time for this . 
   after the economic depression whenever that is , due to the new found wealth , happiness , stability , and security we can have a `` baby boom '' similar to how the end of ww2 led to one we 'd better not . 
  at 7.5 million in 2100 , our [ population pyramid ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/greece/2100/ ) becomes column like and stable . 
  what we often tend to forget is that our population is already inflated by the baby boom , and because it is the baby boomers themselves who were less fertile , the only way for the population to go from here is down , even if there is another baby boom . 
  we should also not adopt the fears of other countries since the circumstances there are very different . 
  in germany for example , due to their manufacturing , population decline is very much an economic concern . 
  but for greece , it is n't . 
  since our big industry is services , and it 's going to stay that way , a smaller population while keeping our existing share of the tourism and the shipping market or even growing it , is actually optimal from an economic standpoint . 
  a smaller population also comes with benefits . 
  more resources and wealth for every individual , less strain on energy resources and the environment . 
  so , as counter intuitive as it sounds , less people is better in our case . 
  and while getting back to the pre-inflated population figure is going to be challenging and my generation will have to work more , pay more taxes to pay the debt and retire at a later age , future generations will have it better as a result . 
  and i can live with that . 
  i guess the unfortunate war counts , since we capitulated in that war . 
  so ... yeah , my bad . 
  it 's a very obscure historical event though . 
  it only lasted like a month and it was more of a dispute with some fighting here and there than a war . 
  but sure , it counts , i guess . 
  but cyprus does n't count for greece , since a ) it 's a ceasefire , and b ) we 're involved in any way , never were , and probably never will be . 
  it 's the cypriot government that you were fighting against . 
  this is the one that is in ceasefire with turkey , not us , and since the conflict is still unresolved , it 's not a victory or defeat for anyone . 
  the greek military had reached a point when it was actually quite strong , and quite comparable to the ottoman military . 
  by that time , it had taken part in constant wars in the balkans for 10 years and there was plenty fighting between royalists and republicans in greece at the time , so the military was exceptionally big and completely dominated the aegean sea and the eastern mediterranean , essentially blocking ottoman trade with europe for the first time since the ottoman empire was founded . 
  as a result , the ottomans were at major disadvantage . 
  they were already in desperate economic and political position , and with them being cut off from vital trade and suffering great losses in the first world war , it was n't hard at all for the allies to occupy them . 
  for greece , in particular , occupying anatolia was basically like marching into it , as our supply lines were pretty solid due to our proximity . 
  not only was the prolonged occupation of anatolia from the powers possible , it was pretty much inevitable at the time . 
  but of course ataturk turned out to be a very capable leader who took advantage of the unwillingness of the allies to prolong the war and the internal situation in greece , with miraculous results , honestly . 
  the turkish war of independence ~ ~ is the only war we 've ever lost ~ ~ in our modern history ( edit : there is also the unfortunate war which lasted 30 days and we surrendered , so that makes it 2 wars lost ) . 
  it was greece at its worse : internal conflict , the lack of allies , and war exhaustion , all combined , while facing an enemy far stronger than the fallen ottoman empire we 've set to conquer initially . 
  all parameters that we could n't have predicted going in . 
  but i think in the end , it was a good thing that we lost . 
  the `` megali idea '' was unsustainable . 
  after the loss of anatolia , greece was confined to a nation state , instead of another multinational empire , and the anatolians who came to greece helped the economy tremendously during the great depression that followed . 
  more land = more resources and a more secure border . 
  the fact that the greek military advanced eastward is the biggest indication that we wanted long term rule over western anatolia . 
   you are confusing l2tp with pptp you are right . 
  i am not that familiar with this . 
  but my point still stands . 
  you will never be safe if the government itself is out to get you , no matter what you do . 
  so long as something is illegal , even if the action itself is trivial , hurts no one and leaves no traces , it still caries a risk . 
  and so long as this risk exists , it makes peoples lives incredibly difficult . 
  also , the average user is pretty much screwed , so there 's that . 
  vpn is n't as good as you think it is . 
  sure , thank god l2tp exists , and people in the shitholes of this planet can get access to banned sites , but for business , and even for most personal uses in these countries it 's still extremely risky . 
  first of all , vpns do n't change the fact that isps can still see your traffic , and l2tp ( the protocol that allows the firewall bypassing ) ( edit : apparently i am wrong , i was thinking of pptp ) does n't come bundled with any form of additional security , and most vpns do n't bother adding any ( or worse are controlled by the government and are only meant to track the user , we 've seen this happen in china ) . 
  in fact for this and many other reasons , vpns can actually be dangerous , apart from being overall lame ( latency , security issues etc. ), 
  tor is another solution . 
  but even that has a different pattern from traditional internet traffic and can be traced down , as it happens ( you guessed it , in china ) . 
  so it 's not like you ca n't bypass it , it 's that there is no reliable , fast , or risk-free way to bypass it . 
  you always have to sacrifice something which sucks .
