  diversifying is a good thing . 
  but it 's not like tourism will ever stop being a thing here . 
  and it 's not like we do n't have r&d s already . 
  i used to freaking work in one . 
  so let 's think about actually solving the problem by financing refugee camps in the middle east , instead of thinking : oh it 's been a whole year since the last time we fucked greece . 
  let 's do it again !, 
  our second biggest industry is shipping whish does involve technology and science but everything that pays the bills is fine . 
  how about we fuck you over instead and destroy your number 1 industry ( whatever that is ) and then you shut up and pay your national debt . 
  you first . 
  it 's because the greek islands have supply lines stretched thin already and there is n't exactly appropriate space for all those people . 
  unless these 2 problems are fixed , its kind of impossible to keep people in the islands . 
  last time we did it there were riots . 
  plus you know ... tourism ... 
  it 's a big deal . 
  can you imagine the backlash this would make to tourism ? 
  how about no ? 
  the writer failed to mention that only greece and cyprus have official claims , as only those two countries are in the process of negotiation with third countries over the boundaries of their eez or have already active eez treaties in the mediterranean . 
  but the article does make some fair points about the basically joint prosperity and stability this will bring to cyprus , as they have a shit-ton of gas ... 
  of course it 's going to favor the greek archipelagos because it is supposed to . 
  that 's why the law of the sea exists . 
  especially the dodecanese under this system get a massive chunk of the eastern mediterranean but that 's how things are . 
  i know that the [ kastellorizo island chain ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/place/southern+aegean/@36.0926363,29.5180839,10.62z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x14bdf20db7ea7a2d:0x100bd2ce2b980b0!8m2!3d37.0855302!4d25.1489215 ) must be anathema to turkey but they are greek islands , and it is completely unjustifiable for any of the greek islands to loose the right to vital maritime routs from and to other islands or the mainland , or fishing and mining rights in their own backyard like [ turkey would prefer ] ( http://www.onalert.gr/files/image/newonalert/eggrafa-simaies-maps/mapaozkaruwths1.jpg ) . 
  that 's why the law of the seas exists in the first place . 
  and i think it 's quite honorable that denmark respected that , especially in the north sea where the stakes are a billion times higher . 
  i wish we had more neighbors with a basic understanding of international law , unfortunately for us , we 're stuck with turkey . 
  we honestly should n't loose sleep over it . 
  we 're in the right and every other country in the region as well as the international community is on our side . 
  sure that does n't stop turkey claiming that the signing of deals cementing the greek and cypriot eez with egypt and israel is a us conspiracy to destabilize turkey , but turkey at this point is so ostracized by the eu and the international community and so unable to effectively control its armed forces that is in no way a threat . 
  and even if it ever becomes a threat , thanks to the lisbon treaty , it 's going to end so quickly and so disastrously for turkey that no turkish leader in their right mind would attempt to do it . 
  we 're 100 % in the clear . 
  it 's not remotely the same thing as russia . 
  turkeys understanding of `` continental shelf '' and `` exclusive economic zone '' is the most rectum derived thing you can imagine . 
  they have no intention to signing the law of the sea set by the un , instead they made their own ( you would think i am joking , i am absolutely not ) . 
  apparently the entire anatolian plate is turkeys continental shelf . 
  they pretend as though islands on that plate dont exist including cyprus , and greek islands . 
  this `` gives them '' half of the aegean sea and half of the eastern mediterranean . 
  even though there are other countries there . 
  and even then , there is n't much oil or gas in what turkey is claiming , anyway . 
  most of it is south of cyprus and south west of crete , outside of what turkey even claims , let alone what they realistically could get . 
  it 's just a stupid thing turkey does linked with the cypriot thing , which too is a stupid thing . 
   us coups  us source pls ? 
  what the hell is wrong with people ? 
  this is ... sort of true , but not really true . 
  yes debt relief is technically a stretch but there is legal wiggle room , there always has been . 
  not only has the debt been restructured in the past , but esm has also pledged in the 3rd bailout to guarantee the sustainability of part of the greek debt by keeping interest rates artificially low and extending the repayment period to infinity if necessary . 
  this is effectively debt restructuring by the eu on demand , and in essence constitutes an eu-bond , but so long as we do n't call it that , apparently it 's ok . and this thing is fine . 
  it 's fine because greece benefits from it now which is good not only for greece but for the rest of the eu , but it 's also fine because other eu countries will benefit from it in the future . 
  it creates a precedent for quickly and effectively handling financial crisis in the beginning , should they happen , which is important for the single currency to exist . 
   ms lagarde , who this year was appointed to a second term as imf managing director , said she welcomed the ieo report but maintained she still saw the fund 's performance in the eurozone crisis as `` a qualified success '' . 
  really ? 
  why not say something like `` we are confident that our proposed reforms will pay off in the future , maybe not immediately '' or `` it is perfectly understood that we did n't do enough initially but we are prepared to do things right this time '' or pretty much anything other than fanfare . 
  because clearly noone should be able to say `` in greece , everything is fine now '' and still have any credibility afterwards . 
  and look , i am not bashing on the imf . 
  the imf is n't wrong in saying that they are helping greece . 
  for the looks of things , they are pretty much they only ones who are truly helping greece and they are doing it outside political games , and self-interest . 
  but at least be honest . 
  you of all people should be the one being honest seeing how you do n't have voters and taxpayers back home to lie to or sell them something . 
  i remember at the pokemon nationals when i participated they were collecting signatures to make [ palkia ] ( http://img02.deviantart.net/ab7d/i/2016/143/c/a/palkia_by_nganlamsong-d5ec0ac.png ) the national pokemon of greece which i found really rad , so i signed . 
  i do n't know if it was a joke or if it was genuine , or what happened . 
  but this should happen imo . 
  no this is why the general public should be more involved . 
  not just giving our opinion and money , but being drafted every time they vote for a war , being taxed every time they vote for a benefit , etc. . . 
   for example , i work for 350e/month as a full time specialist ( programmer ) where the f * ck ? 
  get out of there !, 
  the australian approach is a shining example of a good immigration system . 
  it will also be hilarious if the eu as a whole gets it and britain gets freedom of movement with the eu . 
  the official website says they are going ... 
  i do n't have source for this in english but the greek railways had their debts forgiven and they are in the process of being privatized as we speak so it looks like the greek government wo n't be paying for this train-wreck anymore . 
  it 's long been unprofitable and maybe the investors are trying desperately to do something with their new assets , but i still think it wo n't work , especially here where airlines are cheaper than train tickets . 
  seeing how in 2017 the high speed rail from athens to thessaloniki will reopen , in 2018 patras is getting their high speed service , and there are already plans underway to link sofia and bucharest with thessaloniki with high speed rail before 2020 , there might be demand . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv7canyzhzg&amp;t=0m11s ), 
  [ how did i do ? 
  what could we do ? 
  what if we ( greece , the eu , nato , the un , whatever ... ) helped the military remove erdogan ? 
  as soon as elections are held , a new erdogan would take his place because of turkeys demographics . 
  truth is , kemalists have long been a minority in turkey , so let 's just accept that it 's going to be an islamic country . 
  one that is the most moderate of islamic countries and that we can still work with and trade with , but an islamic country no less that has no business in the eu . 
  they are pokemon villans . 
  we never had a choice ... 
   greece say what ? 
  this law has always been enforced . 
  it 's the reason why you do n't see people trying to cross the land border of greece , or cross from turkey to one of the greek islands directly , but come in greek waters and put themselves in deliberate danger so to be rescued . 
  this . 
  in 2008 the archbishop of greece died , his funeral was held at state expense and with the same protocol of what would happen if an active president died , and if you 've seen it you 'd think the freaking queen of england died . 
  skip to 2015 and the pm is an atheist who did n't even allow the archbishop to be present in his inauguration . 
  yes yes , but only if shit got really bad . 
  yes yes although we do it already here so not much is changing for me . 
  yes yes , i am a programmer , i have experience with data mining and surveillance . 
  the navy . 
  clearly . 
  if its anything as prestigious as the hellenic navy then it 'll be clearly the best option . 
  it did n't stop people from doing it when it was unfunny and horrible , i am sure people wont mind when it becomes a distant memory . 
  much in the same way germans are delighted when people call them nazis every 4 seconds . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what 's the difference between `` taxes '' and taxes ? 
  i have to pay both ... 
  well it does n't matter what you think , because its not for you or the government to decide . 
  the courts will decide what to do and if they decide against giving them asylum , they will appeal to a higher court . 
  until they get to the areopagus . 
  and even then there is the european court of human rights they can appeal too .
