  england is where france comes along . 
  england is a handsome dude , and france used to be all over him . 
  but he is ... how should i put it ... kind of a tosser . 
  even his siblings will probably agree . 
  it 's not like he 's bad , he has helped us all in a pitch and he has a very good heart . 
  but he is extremely spoiled and they just could n't stop fighting with france so france friend-zoned him long ago . 
  after that , he does n't want to admit it , but he does pretty much anything for attention . 
  he says that he hates us all and he wants to change schools but his siblings strongly disagree and his father is skeptical . 
  germany on the other hand is basically obsessed over france . 
  he is passionately in love with her since forever and he has tried everything get her to date him , even coming out as kind of a creep and a stalker sometimes . 
  france has n't always admitted it , but she found it flattering . 
  they 've had their fair share of fighting too but recently they really got it going . 
  good for them !, 
  germany is very popular nowadays . 
  he is very hardworking , and he is pretty much the best student of the class , gladly helping the other students as well . 
  he is sort of a nerd , but france finds him sweet . 
  france is also good friends with one of the belgian twins , wallonia , but flanders does n't always approve of her influence . 
  those twins will never get along it seems . 
  sometimes germany and france go to double dates with germany 's friends who are also a couple : austria and switzerland . 
  which leaves us the netherlands and the nords . 
  the netherlands is the coolest . 
  there is n't much to be said about him everyone pretty much likes him , so let 's talk about the nords . 
  remember how i said that the meds are n't really cool and sort of weird ? 
  the nords are the opposite of that . 
  they 're pretty much the cool kids club . 
  norway , sweden and denmark are the cool girls club , joined by finland and iceland , who are basically the jocks . 
  luxembourg is also there . 
  i am not sure he can speak , his presence goes rather unnoticed at times . 
  the number of refugees in greece has decreased substantially since 2015 and the net rate of arrivals is effectively 0 , since under the eu turkey deal , everyone who comes into greece is sent back to turkey . 
  which is n't to say that tourism and the refugee crisis seem to be related in the slightest . 
  2015 was also a record year , believe it or not . 
   the greek nationalist circlejerk is strong here on reddit . 
  r/ladara says hello !, 
  ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ mind ^ ^ the ^ ^ orange ^ ^ theme , ^ ^ we 're ^ ^ honoring ^ ^ r/cirkeltrek / ^ ^ currently . 
  step 1 would go a long way but does n't automatically lead to step 2 . 
  for step 2 fyr macedonia would need to guarantee the rights of ethnic minorities in its territory , have good relations with all its neighbors including albania , get an independent judiciary going and ultimately having some form of effective leadership to do and maintain these changes . 
  a much bigger overhaul is needed . 
  do n't forget akrotiri and dikhelia . 
  this thread is f * cking gold . 
  greek unemployment figures are calculated very wrongly in my opinion . 
  i guess it is n't . 
  i had my suspicion that you were trolling , please use the / s. 
  there are actual morons out there . 
  greece had a surplus in 2016 , for the first time in more than 20 years , the creditor deal is pretty much agreed on in all but name and it 's going to be a record setting tourism year thanks to nobody going to turkey . 
  greek gdp did n't go in a recession last year as predicted and it 's set to grow between 1.5 % and 2.8 % depending on who you ask . 
  syriza 's latest policies have been the most illogical and painful yet though , and they 're tanking in the polls . 
  there is no evidence that people will vote as though they want to leave the eu in the next general election , just that they are dissatisfied . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  because even if it 's currently being rated unfavorably , the eu still is n't thought of as one of the main issues facing the country at this point . 
  the question of membership of the eu or not is ultimately a question of principle for greek voters and currently the problems of the country are so overwhelming that there is no room in our political discourse for that kind of questions . 
  i think most people realize that the eu is n't really to blame for the situation and if we were to leave the situation would become much worse . 
  also , historically , politicians treat the idea of an eu membership referendum like the plague for 3 reasons : 1 ) the outcome of such referendum is a lose-lose situation , either having to realign greece outside of the eu or giving the eu too much influence over greek politics , making any greek governments for a while incapable of standing to the eu ( even remotely ) , no government wants to find itself in any of the two situations . 
  2 ) a referendum of this nature is frowned upon by politicians , because it 's seen as a possible derailment of their platform . 
  big shifts in policy like that are generally reserved for national elections , where the politicians present their platform and intentions to the public . 
  referendums are therefore seen as secondary when used for this purpose and are generally frowned upon . 
  3 ) it is almost certain that in the outcome of an eu referendum , whichever way it goes will be close , this will create the need for the president to call for a compromise , diluting the positions of both sides . 
  making absolutely everyone unhappy . 
  just look at 2015 when all of the things went wrong . 
  tsirpas was asked to compromise with the opposition , his diluted position lead to him being dicked by brussels , and his platformed was fucked and discredited leading to elections . 
  tl ; dr in our system there can never be a referendum for important stuff like constitutional changes or eu membership , and thus opinion polls are worthless . 
  instead one should look at the potential composition of the next parliament , and it 's not even close . 
  more than 80 % will consist from pro-eu parties , and at the moment it looks like the most eu-friendly party , the new democrats are gon na get an absolute majority in the house . 
  : hugs you too :, 
  is there anything in skopje not called alexander the great , or philip the ii or macedon ? 
  try thinking of fyr macedonia as a themepark masquerading as a country . 
  great . 
  when you 're done , come down here pls . 
  looks south at libya , east at turkey , north at the western balkans , west at italy ... : hugs italy : , : tears in eyes : , mumbles `` you 're the best '' . 
  it should n't , and it does n't anyway . 
  it 's just a bs system . 
  the lineage of the ancient macedonian royal family was famously wiped out in a series of wars after alexanders death . 
  everyone surely knows this , right ? 
  10 % is a bullshit number because there was n't ever a clear border as we understand it today , that 's what i am trying to say . 
  that 's a bit of a stretch to say . 
  greek macedonia just like ancient macedonia is firmly ankered to the mountains in the north , the vardar basin northern of that was never really ancient macedonian territory . 
  best username ever !, 
  albania is fine , we like albania , but surely i would n't suggest that the premise of the piece is accurate . 
   a further aspect of albanian society is the absence of any strongly nationalist or religious tradition this is simply false . 
   poor tzatziki boys just anchluss us already . 
  well there you have it then , the greek government did assert or `` reinsert '' its sovereignty over the island . 
   the democrat party attempted to land on the island without a passport in 2011 how did that go ? 
  at this point i do n't even know . 
  there 's a moron in this thread saying that fir is n't really airspace because it does n't require countries to share flight plans for military aircraft , even though it totally does for countries at peace . 
  then there 's the issue of the law of the sea which could n't be more f * cking clear that a country has exclusive sovereignty to the distance they want up to 12 miles off their shore . 
  then there 's the issue of island claims of turkey which so long as turkey continuous to be a signatory party in the treaties of susanne and the one that they did with italy for the dodecanese , are worthless . 
  so basically nobody f * cking knows why turkey is flying fully armed planes over greek islands . 
  it does n't seem to push an agenda or project power , planes enter greek airspace and are immediately chased back to tukey and it achieves literally nothing except wasting fuel . 
  i would n't touch turkey with a hundred meter pole , but i would n't mind getting back imvros and tenedos tbh . 
  turkey is obligated by treaty to have them be self-governing but they ditched that . 
  this kinda sucks . 
  i just want to observe that for countries at peace , airspace properly understood is pretty much defined by the fir . 
  which is to say , airplanes entering greek fir better be disarmed , and better be able to work with greek authorities . 
  which is n't to say there is n't such a thing as `` territorial airspace '' aka proper `` airspace '' , it 's just that we 're not at war to my knowledge , so your planes are kind of obligated to either conform to commercial aviation standards or request permission to do military exercises in our fir . 
  which is n't to say that turkey does n't violate greek `` territorial airspace '' . 
  the distinction is irrelevant in your case , because you violate both . 
  some film photographs in this are absolutely stunning . 
  ... oh never mind , i reached the last part , jesus f * cking christ . 
  my favorite comment ever . 
  as someone who has veneto ancestry this made me sad :(, 
  you should totally come .
