  for us , it 's probably going to be less . 
  but i think the added efficiency and combined better defense capability will mean that everyone would pay less . 
   they will come up with another , slightly different idea to prevent that people get mobile contracts in other countries . 
  or how about they do n't do that , and let companies and customers to sort this out themselves ? 
  it 's not much of a single market if there are barriers that force people to buy services from their own countries . 
  it 's literally the commission 's only widely accepted policy . 
  every time you ask a commissionaire : what do you do , exactly ? 
  the answer is : we make proposals . 
  for example , we proposed to cut that damn roaming . 
  ( i am not even joking , it happens every time . ), 
  if even this was done half-assed and by kissing the asses of lobbyists , what talking points would they have next ? 
  and before you jump at me , i am not saying that the commission does nothing . 
  it 's just that what they do is by the nature of who they are , so neutral , so `` has to be a compromise with everyone '' that they ca n't exactly advertise it as policy , let alone good policy . 
   i basically found out that everything with exception of financial stability , is greek . 
  this is n't true . 
  even financial stability is sort of greek . 
  or at least was in roman times . 
  the eastern roman empire survived a thousand years more than the west because unlike the west which was constant drama and invasions , it was well positioned , well defended and financially stable . ^ / s, 
  this is true , that the fact that a lot of western thought , vocabulary and language at least partly originates from ancient greece ... is grossly exaggerated by the adonis crowd , but it is n't exactly false . 
  especially if you count the stuff the romans borrowed . 
  it is cringeworthy to see it blown out of proportions , it does show little understanding . 
  but as a premise it 's not exactly false . 
  yeah i am not saying it is a dialect . 
  is am saying language is complicated and some thought provoking arguments could be made by the fact that people genuinely wonder if its a dialect . 
   english is a greek dialect . 
  this is n't ... as wrong as it seems . 
  out of all the non-greek indoeuropean languages , english has the most borrowed greek vocabulary . 
  it is n't unheard of for people to instinctively understand some english even if they are not exposed to the language , and greek dialects can get pretty crazy . 
  but i also want to comment on the horrible rendition of our flag . 
  why do infographics always feel the need to do this ? 
  if you do n't have space for 9 stripes , a white cross one a blue background is absolutely fine !, 
  sure , noone will mistake it for another country , but if it 's not 9 lines , its missing the point . 
  there is no way the greek speaking countries wo n't follow in this . 
  if it costs less and we have more troops stationed here , that would be amazing . 
  for everyone , not just us , actually . 
  they are n't scrapping daylight saving time , more like switching their clocks in permanent daylight savings time . 
  which is more like deliberately moving to the wrong timezone than anything else . 
  and it 's even more remarkable as it 's inflated due to the great depression . 
  i am f * cking convinced that this would pay for itself . 
  the one thing that you think we 're number 1 . 
  and we still get beaten . 
  thanks a lot you guys ... 
   finally some good news mods you 're killing me !, 
  til intensifies ... 
  really ? 
  wow !, 
  til . 
   if nato ever breaks up  if the eu also breaks up in a way that greece ca n't enact the defense section of the lisbon treaty  if the events that lead to nato breaking up do n't involve tukey in different fronts  if the events that lead to nato breaking up involve greece in a way that our readiness in the aegean suffers  if during all of this there is somehow hostilities between greece and turkey  if the turkish military chain of command is functioning properly and they respond well to such an order that 's a lot of ifs . 
  but yes . 
  presumably , a lot of greek islands would fall into turkish hands in this scenario . 
  we would also most likely , have more important things to worry about . 
  also , if my grandmother had balls , she would be my grandfather . 
  colonies do n't count !, 
  damn you autocorr ... nope , just my bad english . 
  the one turkey is in too ? 
  i am not into this sort of thing , you may be right , but i do n't think kratos makes much sense as power or might unless it 's is used as a verb . 
  yeah , any seafaring nation will do , i guess . 
  only if you depopulate constantinople first . 
  in case any of you are wondering , `` mega to tis thalasis kratos '' is the motto of the greek navy and roughly translates to : `` a truly great ( and/or big ) nation , is a nation of the seas . '', 
  it is n't . 
  as is evident by the map and the name being different , it 's actually a different island . 
  although it would n't be unheard of for stroggili to be sold , since it too is not inhabited . 
  to italy , maybe . 
  the kastelorizo island chain belonged to italy before it was annexed by greece in the 1940s . 
  before then rhodes and its islands were under the dominion of venice , and before that , the knights templar . 
  the dodecanese only saw a brief period of ottoman rule under suleiman . 
  who cares ? 
  the job of the government is to act to maximize the public interest , not to safeguard the interests of individual workers or businesses . 
  the government should n't even have to deal with protest or backlash when taking such a decision . 
  every decision on the government level should be taken to ensure the common interest of all is better served , individual interests , no matter how big or small , are irrelevant . 
  of course !, 
  can we at least acknowledge that privatization makes sense in the situation greece is right now ? 
  the government can still tax private companies when they do well ( and in greece is does it to an unimaginable degree ) , and if the company performs bad , the government does n't see any direct losses on their investment . 
  plus , we get some money for the companies we sell . 
  that 's always useful . 
  i do n't understand why someone would disagree with this . 
  if it 's not healthcare or education , privatization is good for everyone . 
  do we really need greece to have a lottery business ? 
  or 53 neglected airports that we ca n't afford to run ? 
  or the old abandoned airport of athens with olympic facilities that noone uses ? 
  or our rail operator that has n't been profitable since the 1980s !? 
  sell it all !, 
  why should mega and alpha get licenses ? 
  they did n't comply with the law . 
  it wo n't be . 
  any new action by virtue of being one or few will get astronomically more expensive , making the investments of the old channels even more valuable . 
   if new liscences are issued then they have to be priced at around the same level of the current ones were auctioned yesterday or the current owners will be mad that they paid all that money for nothing . 
  they already complained that the first one was auctionec cheaply compared to the later ones !, 
  it 's an auction . 
  that 's what auctions are supposed to do . 
  get the person who wants something to pay as much as possible for that thing as they possibly can . 
  auctions are n't designed to be consistent . 
  and the fact that the 4 licences came at different prices was expected , so will be that any new license will probably be even more expensive . 
  and that 's ok , because public goods like spectrum , should be priced for the benefit of the public , not the benefit of the companies that use it . 
  if they can afford to pay that money to continue their operations legally , that means they are confident in their ability to make a profit out of this investment in the next 10 years !, 
  that 's what tv companies do everywhere in the world . 
  only here we have debates over the legality of actually paying for using a public good . 
  multiple new democracy mps have hinted that if they become government they will not change the law , just issue new licences ( which the law allows them to do , and the infrastructure is always there ) . 
  canceling the auction and giving back a quarter of a billion euros to channel owners will be seen in a terribly negative light . 
   more tv-channels auctions are said to follow ( for example for local area transmission ) and another auction for thematic national broadcasting licenses , such as music channels and news only channels , history and documentary channels , etc.
