so it 's about having state churches ? 
  because even so ... the constitutional courts of greece have ruled multiple times against the notion that greece does . 
  `` prevailing '' in this context does n't mean only , biggest , or national , it does n't mean that the church participates in government in any way , and it does n't mean that any powers derive from the church itself . 
  the wording itself comes mostly from a 16thn century treaty between the greeks and the turks in the ottoman empire that granted the regions in which orthodox christians were the majority ( that 's where the word prevailing comes from ) , religious freedom as well as limited autonomy and economic freedom . 
  it was these ( mostly monastic ) institutions that overtime created the modern greece regions , and unified them into what is now modern greece in 1823 . 
  it 's pretty much a deal . 
  church land is public land and the government ( which originally was the church itself ) is entitled to the revenue , in return , the government provides for salaries to the priesthood . 
  but it 's neither a `` national church '' or a `` national religion '' or taking part in government , so how does that make greece not secular ? 
  our constitution be like :  article 1  the form of government of the hellenic republic is that of a parliamentary republic . 
   law is the expression of the sovereign will of the people . 
   all powers derive from the people , exist for the betterment of the people and of the nation , and are exercised as specified by the constitution . 
  wikipedia be like  secular ? 
  nope . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0d/secular_states_map.svg/940px-secular_states_map.svg.png who comes up with this shit ? 
  these are legitimate concerns . 
  since the north of cyprus is internationally though as an illegal occupation , it should have been the case that immigration from the mainland of turkey should have been avoided and prevented . 
  but i think unfortunately , now it 's too late for any of this . 
  any new reunification deal will most likely favor the greek cypriots more than the annan plan . 
  it will likely include some generous funding from the eu for the reincorporation of the north so that the south would n't have to burden much of the financial dimention of it , and some funding for cyprus as a whole . 
  it will ease the situation between greece and turkey a lot and allow for full exploitation of the oil around there . 
  but i do n't expect that the un or the eu will allow for large scale confiscation of property on the north , or repatriation of the people who the trnc thinks of as its citizens . 
  so yeah , i do see the appeal to reunification for both sides , but that 's as an outsider . 
  if you feel so strongly towards the status quo , you can always vote no in the referendum . 
  it 's not like much will change for the legitimate government of cyprus . 
  i wo n't pretend to know what happens . 
  i just expressed my concerns over the :  greece is the one who does this to us attitude . 
  i would recommend checking the official eu page on the matter : http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/countries/detailed-country-information/former-yugoslav-republic-of-macedonia/index_en.htm and the report of the previous year by the eu commission : http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/pdf/key_documents/2015/20151110_report_the_former_yugoslav_republic_of_macedonia.pdf ( i have n't read them myself , i just think they are better , potentially less biased , sources than wikipedia ) i would also remind you that j.c. junker , elected to the highest office in the land in 2014 , pledged prior to his election and still does , that no country will join the eu until the end of his term . 
  so this might have something to do with the general lack of accession talks with any country during that time . 
  seeing how there is no political will from either the government ( unlike last summer ) or the opposition in greece to not stick to this plan , you can expect a deal to be reached in the end . 
  it really is n't rocket science . 
   it was greece who blocked us time and time again . 
  as a greek , this sounds fishy to me . 
  the general idea ( and what by all means seems to be the case from all political parties ) here is that your country together with the entire western balkans should join the eu asap . 
  especially in regards to your country in particular , it is though that joining the eu would counteract a lot of the nationalism that is going on there at the moment , and create a lot of stability in the region as a whole which would help with finding solutions on multiple problems , including the name issue , always within the eu , as partners . 
  is this approach controversial ? 
  sure , everything is . 
  and i understand why some right wing governments in the past decade would point out everything that is wrong for europe as a whole to slow down talks , but ...  greece is blocking us time and time again no . 
  that 's not possible , for you to even be a candidate , it means that greece is n't vetoing you , or blocking you . 
  if chapters are n't opening , that 's the commissions promise of not accepting any new country before 2020 . 
  ok , so i just googled it out of curiosity . 
  can i just observe from a purely artistic and aesthetic standpoint ( and definitely not from a political one ) how weird these statues and monuments look to me ? 
  like i am not against adding a little spectacle to ones capital , we 'll probably be spending a lot over the next 4 years to do that . 
  https://i.ytimg.com/vi/hg8idjuyjua/maxresdefault.jpg ( pic related ) but jesus those statues are haunting me now . 
  why are their proportions so off ? 
  why is that marble so white !? 
  who thought this was a good idea !, 
  i just do n't get it . 
  my german sucks and the translation does n't help at all . 
  for all i understand the government tried to pardon itself for ... rigging ( ? ), 
  the elections that brought it into power in some constituencies among other stuff ( ? ) . 
  so now the opposition refuses to participate in the political process and they say that they 'll boycott future elections ( ? ) . 
  is that right ? 
  and if so , what does the eu have to do with it ? 
  fyr macedonia is not a member . 
  i loled so hard . 
  yeah i think bulgarians ought to tbh . 
  there are better ways to protest than closing the border . 
  you ca n't demand open borders in europe and blockade them at the same time . 
  but honestly i think tsipras has n't acted because he is gaining from this . 
  because he can easilly say : `` look how frustrated they are '' to the eu to get more of the things he wants . 
  that cheeky bastard !, 
  that 's actually extremely unlikely . 
  back in the day tsipras was a strong anti bailout opposition and syriza included a lot of far left parties , this was totally the case , but now , there really is n't any `` anti-bailout '' government that can come from the 2015 parliament . 
  unless there are snap elections in 2016 ( almost impossible to begin with ) , in which a radical shift takes place ( and by that , i mean , the pro eu forces in the greek parliament get reduced from 90 % of seats to less than 50 % ) there really could n't be any government that does n't stick to the current deal . 
  and that 's why you probably wo n't see euro drama from greece this year . 
  you will see more strikes than last year though , since pension cuts and a raise in corporate taxes are on the way . 
  that explained their flag too ... 
  kicked out ? 
  good luck with that . 
  we owe so much we 're basically trapped in the eu for life . 
  there is no escape . 
  since when did we support the pkk ? 
  supporting the rights of kurds in their own country ( like all western countries do btw ) has nothing to do with the pkk . 
  pls buff trinity again !, 
  orthodoxy , i get . 
  why not the food though ? 
  will this good for nothing political analysis ever die ? 
  first they tell us that the working class voted for brexit , then the data comes in and they did n't . 
  then it was the poor , then it was the middle class . 
  then they attribute brexit to the elderly , and finally there seems to be a link . 
  now they tell us that there is a `` cosmopolitan elite '' that were pretty much the only ones who really wanted remain , and that the people who voted brexit were the people they could n't convince . 
  all to presumably avoid talking about the main thing that was responsible for brexit : people are idiots . 
  that 's it !, 
  the likelihood that someone voted for exit has to be monumentally higher for the people who did n't bother researching a thing , who voted on guts or whose `` research '' was listening to farage 's mountain of lies . 
  let this meme about the poor brexiters or the middle class brexiters and the elitist remainers die . 
  this is n't a revolt of the poor it 's a revolt of the gullible and the dumb . 
  for fucks sake say it how it is !, 
  edit : this is n't to say british people are idiots , that the brexit people had no good arguments , or that this kind of idiot mega-constituency does n't exist in my country or everywhere else in the world . 
  it 's just that here we have the self awareness to call people , even ourselves , stupid when we do stupid things . 
  fun fact : in the movie v for vendetta the events are set in the year 2038 . 
  this brings the start of the dictatorship in england around 2018 to 2019 . 
  thankfully scotland is independent by then , so you wo n't have to deal with [ this ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/3157/1220/1600/v%20for%20vendetta%2007.jpg ), 
  i stayed in tinos one whole summer once . 
  when i asked an orthodox bishop he told me that it 's not really the result of conquest that in many aegean islands people are catholic , it 's that historically it 's as if the split never happened . 
  because the islands were beyond the scope of early medieval armies , there was really no one to enforce ecclesiastic law . 
  communities of both denominations organically and peacefully diverged overtime . 
  this is why the two denominations are so intertwined there . 
  if the priest of your village favored catholicism , your were catholic , and the village next door could be orthodox . 
  if your father were catholic and your mather were orthodox , that would make you catholic . 
  apparently it never occurred to the people of the islands to fight over such a thing , and the outside empires and kingdoms never cared enough .
