  the list should include rakomelo too imo . 
  i am having some right now and it 's heaven . 
  nobody cared , and nobody expected the breakup of yugoslavia either , just a transition to democracy , and rejection of titos bs , but here we are . 
  and to be fair , brexiters did n't exactly jump at the `` tremendous opportunity '' to govern britain through brexit for some reason , so kudos to her for being the grown-up and actually being the one getting her hands dirty to deliver what her constituents wanted . 
  i do n't know what pangia is , but we have a bunch of territory [ here ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/space/mars/@-42.5813983,71.2741199,5219831m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=en ), 
  for them to be scientific . 
  and also , unlike macedonian , klingon turns out is an actual language . 
  ^ ^ ^ oh ^ ^ ^ snap ^ ^ ^ someone ^ ^ ^ from ^ ^ ^ bulgaria ^ ^ ^ high ^ ^ ^ five ^ ^ ^ me !, 
  yes , please . 
  this should totally be a thing . 
  there were plans for the companies who did the corinth canal to do this in the 1800s actually but the problem they met back then is that the axios river is too steep in some places and not always navigable . 
  so they would either have to artificially redirect it or dam it for this . 
  that was basically impossible with technology at the time and it was unfeasible anyway , since the ottoman empire was n't keen to let them . 
  how so ? 
  all navigable rivers , inland waterways and canals in europe are international , anyway . 
  if such a vital waterway is feasible and the green light is given , i do n't see how it would be an exception . 
  and it 's not like it can be built elsewhere . 
  you have the alps , dynaric alps and pindus mountains on the one side , and the rhodope mountains on the other . 
  so it 's actually a sweet spot and it 's not a new idea either . 
  was it from the amazing atheist ? 
  do you guys think some form of sea wall is feasible ? 
  yes but to me it seems the opposite is happening now . 
  the side of pindos facing the atlantic sees less rain and the aegean side sees more than before . 
  in a recent greek cartoon for grown-ups , set in a dystopian near future when the greek gods , christian saints and other fantastical beings ( oh snap ) revealed themselves as real and took over the world 's government , reporters and announcers always say `` ladies , gendlemen and other creatures '' which i always found hilarious how in universe it makes sense and how it still managed to trigger everyone constantly . 
  reality has literally reached the levels of parody at this point . 
  why not just passengers ? 
  that 's what we have here . 
  syriza is many things , most of them retarded . 
  eurosceptic is n't one of them . 
  i suppose that 35 % number is the share of syriza , anel , golden dawn and the communist party in the latest polls . 
  but of those , only 2 parties have the possibility of grexit it into their platform , golden dawn and the communist party . 
  can someone explain why the fuck do we have so much more rain in recent years ? 
  is it because we are between climate zones ? 
  is it because of more evaporation in the aegean sea ? 
  is it because it was little to begin with ? 
  i really want to know . 
  i expected climate change to turn us into northern sahara not for hailstorms and floods every month somewhere in greece . 
  yes . 
  the government is responsible for policing for this kind of thing . 
  especially since it 's been happening by national unions on a weekly basis . 
  what a novel concept , i know . 
  there is no stone of retardness those damn ideologues of pame and the other national unions will leave unturned , i am convinced at this point . 
  the law does n't even make it mandatory for stores to be open on sunday , just makes it an option for store owners . 
  it is still illegal to force someone to work on a sunday and it 's left up to store-owners to weigh in potential earnings and losses and decide whether or not to do it . 
  and most of them chose to do it . 
  because sunday is a very good day to have your store open . 
  construction workers , office workers , public employees , tourists , a lot of people have the day off , and studies have consistently shown that it 's worth it . 
  people genuinely spend more than the expenses of keeping the stores open an extra day , and it 's better for everyone . 
  consumers spend more time shopping and have more options , store-owners see bigger profits , and it creates jobs . 
  it 's a win win , win win win . 
  which is why responsible store owners have campaigned for this for decades !, 
  given the state of our economy right now , you would think this measure is common sense ? 
  not these fucking gibbons . 
  you can sugarcoat it all you want . 
  it 's still the truth . 
  the commission can at the very least halt developments funds to poland over concerns of it 's democratic leaning . 
  poland is the biggest recipent of those funds and this will apply tremendous pressure to them but i do n't think it 's ultimately a smart move . 
  it is an option should it be necessary though . 
  i think the syriza government is many things , most of them bad , dangerous to democracy is n't one of them . 
  they have shown bad intentions like the tv channels licenses fiasco but a ) they were n't exactly in the wrong about it either and b ) when the courts struck them down they stepped down and tried to reach consensus . 
  so at the very least they wo n't cause a constitutional crisis . 
  it 's probably the only one they have n't caused anyway . 
  i am not worried about new democracy in that regard either , they are not that kind of conservatives , 99 % of them anyway , so at least in the medium term greece is far from a candidate for this kind of thing . 
  here is a headline you are likely to see in the following years : basic income to actually decrease greece 's social spending . 
  that 's right , there is so much buerocracy and so many different social programs so commonly abused in greece that all bypartisant research agrees that replacing them all with one basic income scheme could save greece billions annually , just by lessening beluerocracy . 
  and the average person would actually be better of both as a tax payer and as a welfare recepeant . 
  but when the samaras government politely asked the creditors to implement it , they only allowed partial implementation in some municipalities and said it they that doing it country-wide would sent the wrong message to european taxpayers , even it it made fiscal sense . 
  ban handguns for home use . 
  ban plugs in bathrooms . 
  install high fencing on bridges and observation decks . 
  ban anything but fused in place , metal razors . 
  that 's it . 
  i do n't think all the other methods of suicide are easy to do on impulse , so it would n't help to ban the sale of ropes to civilians for for example . 
  that 's a good starting point and we should all live with the inconvenience if it 's something that saves lives . 
  for greece , march was apparently revised down so this is [ outdated ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate ) . 
  may , june and july figures are not available yet . 
   actually , that is completely true . 
  i never suggested that greek shipowners pay the same kind of taxes with others , but then again this is not unique to greece . 
  many countries , probably including yours , have the same or even higher tax exceptions for their shipping companies , or no industry of this nature at at all so nobody cares . 
  greece can not afford to be on the second category . 
  they are . 
  groups of morons can be found among all nationalities though . 
   there was a greek amongst them . 
  i would n't consider a person of half greek ancestry that 's grown outside greece and has a british citizenship a greek . 
  not to say anything in the likes of `` no true scotchman '' at this , but in this case these are the facts . 
  seeing how my mother is genuinely getting the car to go 2 blocks away to buy a newspaper , no . 
  actually that 's not true . 
  greek ship owners pay more taxes than their friends in other countries and the vast majority of them has still chosen to stay in greece and provide high skill , high paying jobs here . 
  so it would be extremely stupid to go after them . 
  and their services such as running domestic transport and shipping with very tiny profit margins or none , subsidized by their profits abroad are vital . 
  this may sound hyperbolic but without a strong shipping industry in greece there is no greece . 
  it was a good move , actually . 
  the new owners have already invested tons of money and promised to invest a lot more in the future . 
  no , the tricky part is imposing more on their already higher taxes compared to other countries and not see them all taking their business elsewhere . 
  the shipping industry has historically been extremely valuable and thus has historically enjoyed many exceptions and favorable taxation options in all countries . 
  unless all countries agree to tax them more , which will never happen because it would be catastrophic for the global economy , no country can really raise taxes on them because ships go wherever they want . 
  i am sure mr sch\u00e4uble would love to have 45 % of the eu shipping companies up for grabs to get some of them to move to germany , but i do n't think any government here will be this dumb . 
  this is brilliant . 
   new laws have been implemented this year requiring poss at many different businesses at literally every business you are likely to stumble across as a tourist since june the 30th . 
  please do not pay for anything if it 's not with pos .
