  not yet at least . 
   haha , seriously ? 
  how does that not qualify someone for citizenship how does it qualify someone for citizenship if he does the obvious by being a peaceful and productive immigrant in another country ? 
  i just do n't get it , what do you think citizenship is exactly ? 
  some kind of reward for good immigrants ? 
   but at least greece is in good company , with the lovely and welcoming countries in the gulf !, 
  good for them . 
  also good for countries like japan , austria and switzerland that have similar requirements . 
   yeah , learning how to mindlessly follow orders and kill people is so much more useful to the country than being a heart surgeon surely a fat cat surgeon who may only be in the country for the fat cat paycheck has the same conviction and love of country as a soldier that puts his life on the line for said country . 
  similarly i would not want interfere in american ( as in - the americas ) countries handing citizenship away relatively easily . 
  however i still ca n't understand how it is a good thing . 
  more people are good for the economy in the long-run i guess , but is n't a country more than its economy ? 
  is it a civil society first and foremost ? 
  i personally can not stomach the idea that the nationality that i am proud of and cherish , is being handed away to people from all over the world , potentially to some who despise everything my country stands for . 
  none of which is to say that i do n't want immigrants in my country . 
  if people want to buy property , work , integrate , contribute to society , they are perfectly allowed to come here and do so . 
  i do n't see handing away citizenship as necessary for any of that . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to pretend that a person whose ancestors went through a lot in this land , and have contributed endlessly to every aspect of this country maybe even for centuries , are at the same standing as someone whose came here as a grownup , or whose ancestors came here 50 years ago . 
  that 's not enough time . 
  in fact some may consider the fact that if even one citizen of this country is against what we stand for and what our forthfathers fought for as a grave insult to the people who lived here long before us and fought endlessly for this land , for our rights , for our nation . 
  i for one agree with our constitution . 
  citizenship must be earned first , and only then passed on . 
   why is it so great you can not become a citizen through naturalization ? 
  the idea that i can show up in a country , take a test and and oath and become a citizen is absolutely preposterous in my opinion . 
   and why would it make sense to give someone citizenship who has at least one greek grandparent but has never even set foot in the country and does n't even speak the language , nor is familiar with the history and culture of the country and does n't actually live in the country because by virtue of being of greek ancestry , that means that someone in their family served and fought for their rights which they are now entitled to . 
   was actually born in greece , lived his/her whole life in greece , speaks greek , studied there , works there , and is actually immersed in greek culture ? 
  so , what about it ? 
  immigrants tend to integrate , and their native-born children more so , that 's how it should work . 
  positive as it may be , i do n't see how it qualifies a person for citizenship . 
   same goes for serving in the military , why would that be considered the way to show your dedication to your country ? 
   i could spend the next 50 years of my life in greece , perfect my greek , be married to a greek , have greek children and grandchildren , pay taxes there and get nothing in return . 
  so much for recognizing the service to the country eh ? 
  serving the military does n't have the same stakes as working in greece and paying into the system . 
  in the eyes of our constitution , your loyalty to our nation is a paramount requirement for citizenship . 
  thus the bar of entry is military service . 
   it 's ridiculous that if the law does n't change even if the law changes and a new law is briefly enforced , the citizenships will be revoked by court as happened in 2014 . 
  also , a final point :  be married to a greek , have greek children this would actually qualify you for greek citizenship , as you would have living greek relatives ( yes it works the other way too ) . 
  this is n't an issue between turkey and greece . 
  it is an issue between cyprus , a sovereign country , and turkey , it 's occupier . 
  i am so happy that our supreme court ruled back in 2010 that citizenship :  by birth to non-greek parents who are long-term residents of greece  by attending school in greece  by naturalization is unconstitutional . 
  the reasoning of this decision should be the norm in all countries . 
  citizenship is a memento of service . 
  your citizenship rights derive from the service of your ancestors to the country . 
  citizenship may first be earned and only then passed on , thus the requirement of either being of greek ancestry or serving in the armed forces for an extended period of time is not optional . 
  f for no effort . 
  the first king of macedon was either the legendary karanos , decendant of the mycenaean king , of the lineage of hercules , if alexander the 1st is to be believed , or perdikas karanos the 1st if you believe herodotus . 
  the two might be the same person , or might not be . 
  but it 's a karanos guy who founded macedon . 
  alexander the 3rd was born 400 years later . 
  i think it 's more of a question of political strategy . 
  when the government is this shit , it 's best to just distance yourself from it as much as you can . 
  obama saying that the uk is more valuable for america as an ally inside the eu is a statement of fact . 
  god forbid we introduced those to our political discourse , am i right ? 
   macedonia is basically a serbian invention . 
  if i were serbian i would take great issue with this . 
  it 's marshall tito 's invention . 
  leave the good people of serbia alone !, 
  most countries have some definition of religion or religious beliefs . 
  i think we need to reexamine this definition . 
  we focus too much on the sincerity of the belief , i think we should also be focusing on whether that belief is damaging or not . 
  for example if a belief is fundamentally against the rule of law , i do n't think it should have the same protections as religions . 
  which is in no way to advocate for policing thought and hunting people because of their beliefs . 
  but the institutions are another story . 
  changing the nature their islamic institutions in the west from religious to organizations gives us more tools to help with this very real and very substantial problem . 
  we can stop mosques getting funding from extremists overseas . 
  we can have access to membership listings so to observe and isolate extremist circles , and over time we can take action so that extremists do n't manifest anymore . 
  i mean , many countries , including mine , have already ruled that scientology is a dangerous brainwashing cult that damages individuals and communities , and therefore is not entitled to the protection and benefits religions get . 
  if people are dying on a regular basis because of religious violence , is n't it time to consider other religions for that list ? 
   when i went to greece a few years ago one thing that shocked me a bit was , without wanting to sound offensive , how poor ( poverty ) everything looked . 
  urban decay is a big problem . 
  the 60s-70s-80s architecture of much of athens does n't help , either . 
  this is what happens when businesses leave , and the people and municipalities ca n't afford the upkeep anymore . 
  do websites not realize this is bad for their business ? 
  you can work around add-block with native advertising , custom adds , promoting subscription , and a host of other methods , all of which keep the clicking user on your website , instead of saying : `` tough luck , you have to go through a bunch of menus to get rid of add-block cause it 's very important that we can have adverts for clash of clans and male enlargement products next to our article . '', 
  who the fuck does n't immediately exit a website that does that ? 
  i know that there are legitimate concerns about this but can we please just take this land from the hands of the greek government ? 
  i ca n't stand seeing it rot anymore , hand it away if that 's what it takes . 
  so long as someone builds something . 
  anything . 
  the municipalities of southern athens desperately need jobs . 
  no they did n't . 
  the beach volley stadium and the hellenikon facilities were always meant to be temporary . 
  ever wonder why the facilities for the sports that have no national associations are all in the same complex ? 
  that 's why . 
   but i bet it will mostly be golf courses and casinos . 
  seeing how it 's right next to where the bulk of athens 's golf courses already are it would be stupid to open more . 
  plus the developers were limited in many ways from the very beginning . 
  it ca n't be a gated community , they have to reserve 60 % of the area as publicly accessible green spaces and the beach has to be open to the public without admission , too . 
  so it 's not like the government and the public did n't get a good deal . 
  this is not the winning bid . 
  [ this is . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktww88gqc2s ), 
  i do n't know if this kind of post is even allowed in r/europe . 
  it looks like a question to me , why do n't you go to r/askeurope ? 
  the point is that the numbers do n't add up even in the terrorist index . 
  in this example , sweden , a country with a smaller population than greece gets more incidents in all categories but a smaller score somehow . 
  i can agree to that much . 
  they are a terrible opposition , but it 's not like syriza was any better when they were on the backbenches . 
  there is n't any rule of economics that correlates growth to defect and surplus percentages . 
  there are kinds of spending that have high return and stimulate the economy and kinds of spending that do n't , and nobody forces us not to switch to the better kinds of spending .
