  so it 's really unlikely that they get repatriated . 
  fun fact : one of the greek names for greek used to be \u03a1\u03c9\u03bc\u03b9\u03cc\u03c2 ( romios ) , which genuinely means roman . 
  this was the case even after the fall of constantinople . 
  all the way to the mid 20th century , this form was more common than the current greek name for greece and greek ( \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03c2 , and \u0388\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd respectively ) , which came much later with greek nationalism . 
  do n't be mean . 
  he is a first grade douche but it 's not ok to bring his country into this . 
  there is the lisbon treaty now though . 
  greece can bring the entire eu into this . 
  the lisbon treaty was n't in effect and therefore article 5 was n't a thing yet . 
  we do call it byzantion . 
  yes this is good . 
  christian doorknob died for your sins ... 
  i voted for president junker , how about you ? 
  did you know europe-wide political parties had platforms ? 
  did you know they had candidates for president ? 
  did you watch the [ debate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0y-2nd6mc9m ) ? 
  so until that vote is done and the notion is defeated , they are not going back . 
  [ technically it 's not the middle east ] ( http://imgur.com/lvh5smg ), 
  i am surprised there is n't someone claiming to be the byzantine ( and therefore the roman ) emperor . 
  for now , let 's just wait . 
  we 'll see what the intentions of the turkish government are , and we 'll act accordingly . 
  that seems to be the plan . 
  what are we going to charge them and detain them for ? 
  they did n't break greek or eu law on european soil . 
  they will eventually have to be freed . 
  this will enrage erdogan . 
  we can give them back on the basis that their rights and life are n't at risk but they absolutely are . 
  we should n't be hasty and let the areopagus decide . 
  this may be used by us to ensure that human rights are upheld in turkey even for prisoners of treason . 
   heroes wtf is wrong with everyone here ? 
  i noticed this response by a portion of the media here and in western countries as well . 
  people were openly celebrating erdogans removal from power and were reporting conflicting information on his demise because of wishful thinking alone . 
  i do n't exactly disagree . 
  he is an idiot , one responsible for many bad things and one that changed turkey for the worst , for good . 
  and i hate him as much as the next guy . 
  but he is elected . 
  the elected civilian government is the one we always should support , even if we do n't like it . 
  you think this is bad ... 
  wait for the day president trump becomes a thing . 
  ** esa you have 4 fucking months to establish that moon base !, 
  coming from the greek defense ministry ( source = greek state broadcaster ) : at this time , we will not make a statement addressing turkey . 
  we have opened communication channels with bulgaria and cyprus to coordinate our information on the subject and assess the situation together . 
  we are following the events and are waiting for an official address by the turkish military . 
  the greek government is ready to receive and provide refuge to eu citizens currently in turkey , when and if this becomes possible . 
  coming live from ert ( greek state broadcaster ) :  the greek pentagon will not make a statement at this time , and advised the cypriot government to not make a statement addressing the turkish side , either . 
  the avenues of communication have been opened with the bulgarian and cypriot authorities , and we are assessing the information as it 's coming in . 
  the greek foreign and defense ministers will await statements from the turkish military before responding to the situation , and will cooperate with eu allies before delivering a response . 
  threat levels have been raised in greece from green to yellow and in cyprus from green to orange . 
  cypriot citizens should be at the ready to be drafted . 
  the uk territories of akrotiri and of dikelia have yet to raise threat levels or make a statement . 
  better than paying to operate empty trains like we do now . 
  being a workaholic is n't the same thing as working more . 
  etymology of telephone : from greek \u03c4\u03b7\u03bb\u03ad ( away ) and \u03c6\u03c9\u03bd\u03ae ( voice ) . 
  we invented telephone you guize !, 
   well , that out and out contradicts the facts though . 
  which of all ? 
   and besides , it was an ottoman government at the time , not greek . 
  so what ? 
  occupying forces now have the right to sell off artifacts of the country they are occupying ? 
   why are you even still banging on about this ? 
  cause there is actually a good legal case of getting them now , regardless of the acts of parliament . 
  this is probably the reason the vote in the house of commons will take place . 
   and the word `` elginism '' was pretty much the most transparent attempt to discredit him i 've heard of . 
  we did n't come up with that term . 
  it 's something that genuinely exists in english . 
   source please . 
  the king opposed the junta and tried to stop them . 
  he had to flee the country and live in exile . 
  you clearly do n't know shit . 
  the king legitimized the junta by making them government without question . 
  at the time he did n't make any remark , internally or externally about the junta . 
  he fled greece years later , by that time the junta had become unpopular and he had riots on his hands . 
  years later , after the republic was established he told ert that his way of `` protesting '' the junta is by not smiling when he swore them in as government . 
  i swear to god , this is what he said . 
   unlike in the uk , the greek royal family were democratically chosen . 
  jesus fucking christ , are you for real ? 
  greeks voted overwhelmingly in 1862 to replace otto with prince alfred , duke of edinburgh , but the glucksburgs hijacked the constitutional commission and george the 1st became king anyway . 
  ever since and until 1974 ( with the exception of the 1946 referendum whose status remains ambiguous ) all republican referendums were rigged . 
  this is an accepted historical fact . 
  greece was n't unique to this . 
  this was the norm across europe at the time , too . 
  [ there is a thing called google and you can spend your time doing research on the matter . 
  i wo n't do that for you . 
  ] ( https://www.google.gr/search?q=monarchy+in+greece&amp;oq=monarchy+in+gr&amp;aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0l5.2910j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8#q=monarchy+rigged+referendum+greece ) there is also r/greece where you can ask for questions and sources . 
  as a greek , this is simply not true . 
  and it 's the first thing i tell anyone who says that the british museum would remain empty after the fact . 
  it would n't . 
  britain should start celebrating britain rather than its empire . 
  and there are things for britain to celebrate . 
  elgin did n't exactly save the marbles . 
  he freaking sawed them off and broke countless of them . 
  that 's why elginism does n't mean a benevolent act of preserving history it means pillaging . 
  do n't try to turn this mam into a hero . 
  he was as much of a destructive force for the parthenon as the ottomans , the venetians , the early christians , and climate change . 
  the statues he left behind are in much greater shape than the ones be took , it is a matter of fact . 
  and if you think greece ever could n't preserve its heritage let me tell you this : many countries have bunkers for people in the case of war . 
  greece does n't . 
  we have bunkers for antiquities . 
  in world war 2 the nazis took all of our gold but one thing they could never take . 
  antiquities .
