  it 's utterly absurd and unprecedented . 
  basically turkey has turned the application of international law into a cassius beli . 
  your country accepts that your territorial waters is 6nm eu recognizes it as 6nm . 
  usa , nato , russia recognizes it as 6nm . 
  internationally it is recognized by 6nm by every single country . 
  period . 
  i want a source for each and every one of these if you please . 
  i would recommend you look up on the law of the sea yourself and what it stipulates for the countries that have signed it , because by the looks of it , it seems you do n't understand what international law fundamentally is , what ratifying an international treaty means . 
  here is some homework for you . 
  find a credible source that proves that the government of greece disputes the international treaty of the law of the seas by arbitrarily setting its own standards in place of those provided by the un , and that any organization like the eu , un , nato , or the russia ( the us has n't signed the law of the seas , so i wo n't count that , but i still heavily doubt they will show up ) supports arbitrary standards for greece as an exception , without the protest of the greek government ... 
  if you manage to prove that by sighting a credible source , an up to date , official statement from those organizations or the greek government , i will put my money where my mouth is , and i will pay the base legal fees , make my case with a lawyer , and sue the government for explanations . 
  i will post everything on r/europe . 
  if the government really does n't acknowledge the 12 mile limit , i will personally make the case for the justice system to force them to acknowledge it , because according to the 2nd article of our constitution , agreement with other countries is part of greek law . 
  but only if you prove that they do n't . 
  have fun searching . 
   they were n't coveres in lausanne [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/22/imia_delimitation_1932.svg ) of turkish italian border in 1932 according to the treaty of lausanne . 
  not only did imia ( g ) belong to italy ... 
  it 's literally used as one of the points to draw the fucking border in the first place !, 
  fact 1 : the [ un law of the sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea ) says 12 miles is where the territorial water of all countries end , no exceptions . 
  while it 's true that greece technically only claims 6 nautical miles of territorial waters , it 's important to remember that unlike turkey , greece has ratified the treaty , so we have agreed to all the stipulations one of which says : `` if it 's not 12 , it should be 12 '' . 
  according to article 2 of the greek constitution , treaties are as good as the law of the land in greece , so it really is 12 . 
  [ this is what it looks like ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/aegean_12_nm.svg ) . 
  fact 2 : it 's actually 12 , too . 
  sovereignty and territorial waters and land extend upwards and is by definition `` airspace '' . 
  which is mostly irrelevant , because the [ fir system ] ( http://dailyinfographics.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/flight-control-zones-in-europe-.png ) is where we all agreed that a countrys authority applies on air for all practical uses . 
  when we say `` violations of greek airspace '' , that 's what we often mean . 
  greek commercial airspace . 
  most countries define their airspace this way . 
  fact 3 : yes , this is true . 
  greece claims 12 and 12 . 
  see ? 
  12 is equal to 12 !, 
  who would have thought !? 
  fun fact : erdogan fucks goats . 
  he just does . 
  apparently merely saying something makes it true so i wo n't be needing any sources for that . 
  thanks for teaching me , master . 
  by anyone i mean europe ... 
  can you imagine how turks in germany will react to that ? 
  for 6 meters ... dammit !, 
  you know it 's worth noting this : about the greek economy , the imf has never been right about the numbers . 
  not once . 
  they always ask for more and more assurances at the time greece is the least capable to deliver them , and the narrative of financial demise they construct to force the greek government to act up , ends up becoming a self fulfilling prophecy . 
  all of that based in figures that are always without exception disproven afterwards . 
  and i am sort of tired of this . 
  i dont understand why should a non-eu body with non-eu interests participate in eu matters . 
  someone has to explain to me why this happens in the first place because i honestly ca n't understand why . 
  you know ... 
  i never thought of that , but cyprus can drive us to war with turkey at any point . 
  all of us do recognize that the entire island is under cypriot sovereignty , if they called on the lisbon treaty to defend their territory by driving back turkey , that would be justified , and it would be presumably legally binding to all of us . 
  there is no question . 
  finland beats netherlands . 
   turkish government even said there were more than that but decided to hide the names of those islets . 
  that 's awfully convenient . 
  `` we think the treaty was not precise in some regards , says turkey '' , `` in what regard ? 
  says greece '' , `` i am not telling you , screams turkey . '', 
   lausanne a great example you do n't know what the f * ck you are even talking about ( do n't worry , the turkish government does n't seem to know either ) . 
  imia was n't part of greece or claimed by greece at the time , and therefore , the islets have nothing to do with the treaty of lausanne . 
  the dodecanesse were ceded to greece from italy later . 
  guess you should have told the italians there were problems with the treaty you signed , should n't you ? 
  because they gave us each and every isle they had under their control in the aegean and the libyan sea . 
  they named each and every one , including imia . 
  and turkey only remembered that the borders they drew with italy , which now are void , were n't drawn properly ... 
  guess when ? 
  after cyprus . 
  boy that 's awfully convenient . 
   disputed waters a reminder that these disputed waters were n't the result of an old treaty not foreseeing some tiny island and or drawing the line on a weird place . 
  turkish mps literally woke up one day and wrote it into turkish law that 2 islets that they previously agreed are greek were now under turkish sovereignty . 
  the army should by default have a message like this for these kind of things : `` welcome to greece . 
  you have now entered in the territorial waters/airspace of a free and democratic country . 
  we were expecting you . 
  we can ensure your safety . 
  please carefully follow the instructions of our authorities . 
  you are advised to make sure that you have all the necessary documents for your asylum application ready and at your possession at all times . 
  please also make sure that you have 3 recent 3x4 printed photographs in color for your new papers . '', 
  yes . 
  it 's that bridge . 
  i do n't think so . 
  no i do n't think you understand . 
  drunken brittish tourists are a real menace and they need to be stopped . 
  so ... let 's play hot potato . 
  does anyone want the turkish soldiers ? 
  israel , poland , georgia , czechia , russia and and iceland ... guys , i think we need a new shape of shield . 
  i mean look at all the other ones they are so much better !, 
  [ aerial photo ] ( http://images.travelpod.com/users/texaspeyton/1.1248285090.aerial-view-of-old-town-n-rhodes.bmp ) of the fortifications, 
  you first . 
  and also do n't think that germany is perfect or anything . 
  it was the first country that openly broke mastricht rules and still does to this day . 
  same as us in a way . 
  you are no finland . 
  are you listening to yourself ? 
  the guy has a list of people he thinks were involved in the coup and locks them up without due process or trial . 
  he also suggested bringing the death penalty back . 
  even the chance of this happening is 1 in a million , no european country will extradite anyone to turkey under those circumstances because doing so would be inhumane and medieval . 
  it 's a pun . 
  `` khrisma '' does n't mean son of god . 
  it means to be annointed . 
  the appostoles could have used the word messiah , but they chose a word that in their mind had maximum pun value : `` khristos '' . 
  the bible is basically full of this pun . 
  it means a worthwhile person .
