  a person that can be of use . 
  in this instance it 's used as `` a wise person '' . 
  but it 's one of those words where meaning really depend of the context . 
  i mean ... one day people may call their son `` khristos '' , meaning that he can get shit done . 
  the next day an guy from the middle east starts making puns about how this guy is `` khristos '' and suddenly europe has a new religion . 
  yes . 
  let 's study the word , shall we : \u03c7\u03c1\u1fc6\u03bc\u03b1 = money ( singular ) , from the word \u03c7\u03c1\u1fc6 ( krhi ) = use . 
  a necessity , something generally useful or something that is of use . 
  [ source for more reading ( in greek ) ] ( http://www.greek-language.gr/greeklang/ancient_greek/tools/lexicon/lemma.html?id=193 ) it 's not that the person who made the image is particularly wrong . 
  it 's just that many words in greek , the word khriazome ( i need ) , khrisi ( use ) , khrima ( money ) , do n't really have an equivalent english translation . 
  the base of greek words usually are abstract concepts that create a constellation of meanings , rather than a singular meaning . 
  the word khri , the concept of value = use = action ... ( cant describe it any better ) is especially notorious for this . 
  not only did that make sense , but it 's actually quite good life advice . 
  it means : a clever person , may often put himself in a situation where he is apparently being taken advantage of , but in reality he is the one taking advantage of other people , that 's because every fellow has unique aspects about them that are begging to be abused , and in most situations they wo n't even understand it . 
  this is a quite smart thing to do . 
  but in the end of the day , is it of any value ? 
  know that in any situation it is better to be the one using others in the first place , that being the one who is being used . 
  so what were we talking about ? 
  ah yes . 
  it 's not really '' what is needed '' . 
  and also study greek because it 's pure awesome !, 
  there is a thing called cyprus . 
  this is n't really the case . 
  the moment a legal personality is created ( a\u03a6m ) in any kep , a new employment listing is made as well . 
  the government assumes that people wont create a legal personality unless they have finished their studies and intent to work or start a business , but in reality a legal personality is necessary for many other things . 
  when i was 18 , i was asked to create one ( i think it was for my drivers licence but i am not that sure ) . 
  i remember vividly putting `` student '' under employment , and getting a paper that said : `` unemployed '' . 
  i asked the lady of the government office if she needed my student id to verify , but she told me that there was nothing to verify . 
  students are n't supposed to have legal personalities , so student is n't an employment option for the government . 
  when you study you are supposed to terminate your \u0391\u03a6\u0391 , but in reality many people create it regardless , and leave it as `` unemployed '' possibly without knowing . 
  unless the government has a method to cross-examine the data between academic institutions and the tax authority , many , maybe most students count as unemployed . 
  it does n't make sense to me that the greek pm will give assurances for what the courts ( and not himself ) will decide . 
  and given that he said exactly what i said , word for word , later the same day , the only reasonable explanation is that the turkish government slightly twisted ( willingly or unwillingly ) the pms statement . 
  at the end of the day both interpretations of the statement are meaningless . 
  it 's not for the government to decide in place of the courts , or what the courts will consider in their review of the case , regardless . 
  so tsipras should have kept his mouth shut anyway . 
  it 's not necessarily lying . 
  the greek pm could have said : `` i assure you that the fact that they may have participated in a coup attempt will be taken seriously into account in this decision process . 
  we under no circumstances want or intent to provide refuge to the enemies of any country or government . '', 
  ( the greek pm actually said that later in that day ) and erdogan would have understood : `` you give us those proofs for their involvement , i assure you we will send them back . '', 
   why would they draw attention from the world ... 
  the world already pays attention , and it 's not for good , anyway . 
  if they had in their hands soldiers that are particularly infamous , and killed them , that would send a very strong message to their enemies . 
   had reassured president erdogan that those 8 eight servicemen would be extradited to turkey you should n't recycle this , because it came from turkish circles literally the day after the coup ( aka it 's most certainly bs ) . 
  clearly the pm talked with erdowan , but seeing he announced that it 's for the legal communities of greece to decide and set a precedent before he spoke to him , it 's most likely that turkish circles just reassured the public by saying that , and it 's not something that the pm of greece would say or promise , clearly . 
  ours does . 
  no it does n't . 
  a lot of the things people need nowadays come form other countries , and the greek economy is extremely specialized and not at all suited for devaluation . 
  we ca n't survive by eating shipping and tourism !, 
  why are n't you on top ? 
  the thing is ... we really ca n't afford that kind of defence spending though . 
  part of why are baknrupt is exactly this . 
  imo the solution is n't that everyone should waste money in the military like we do , but that all eu countries come together and create some form of a single army , where everyone puts , let 's say 0.7 \u2105 of their gdp in a big pot for defence so that troops can be stationed in the periphery of the continent , where it matters , and it 's a single force and nuclear umbrella so it 's more effective , cheaper , and does n't involve america 's bullshit . 
  thi ( th as in the ) - a - va - ti ( stress here ) - ri - o, 
  can someone explain to me why the spanish passport has the 3 stripes of adidas on it ? 
  idk blue passports seem so uncivilized to me ... 
  nope they still have n't changed it . 
  we called dibs on all med countries . 
  slovenia is ours !, 
  these photos do n't help . 
  in reality most are the exact same shade of red , and those who are n't are really close . 
  that 's because all the eu countries adopted the same passport specifications . 
  it 's serious business too . 
  it took 9 years ( no joke ) for the 10 countries of the eea at the time to negotiate what the passports will looks like . 
  it is a thing but it 's never held as of this time , so it 's only natural that there is n't a wiki page about it . 
  when it is held for the first time in 2017 , please add it . 
   israel is independent nation and they can do whatever they want . 
  nobody ( with a brain ) disputes the sovereignty of israel , but no , they ca n't do whatever they want in what they themselves and the international community considers occupied territory . 
  we are going to revive the roman empire / s it 's an institution born out of the eu med summit last year . 
  so far it 's basically an annual summit of the eu mediterranean countries that is going to happen every year from now on . 
  started by greece , italy , france , spain , somehow portugal even though it 's not on the med but whatever , and also cyprus and malta . 
  leaders meet , decide on some common policy area , and that 's it . 
  jokes on you , it 's actually more complicated since last year . 
  see ? 
  you 're speaking our language !, 
  let 's get cozy with russia , people !, 
  they do n't want much from us , just to sell us oil and gas , and come here for holidays every once in a while . 
  evolution does n't give us big brains . 
  it gives us a random distribution of brain sizes . 
  we 're not psychic type pokemon . 
  bitch , there are still turks living in greek soil to this day , and they have lived here peacefully for 100s of years . 
  not everyone builds their country by killing everyone who was there before . 
  just saying . 
  imo , it does n't matter either way , for two reasons : first , it 's not as though the government will really be involved in any way in this , and we all know it . 
  it would be unprecedented if the greek government did n't follow with the ruling of the areopagus , and even then the only way the greek government can act is to refuse to sign the extradition order if the court decides to send them back . 
  but they wo n't have to , because : second , the soldiers can still appeal to the eu supreme court . 
  a decision to send them back will by no means be the end . 
  it 's nice to see this reported from dw . 
  after what happened with siemens and germany , it 's nice to see that swiss companies do n't run to their government for protection as though it 's a cartel . 
  in any case , i really do n't consider myself biased , i am a southerner though and through , with really no connection or personal feelings either way , but anyway ... having a different opinion is really fine by me , so long as your belief is founded on at least some basic understanding , otherwise it 's not really beliefs , it 's just ignorance . 
  and in some way at least i achieved my goal by writing this . 
  now , even though you hold an opinion that i disagree with , at least it 's a somewhat informed opinion . 
  wow , i looked it up and it turns out it was mostly montenegro . 
  til !, 
   then we have a country which is called macedonia , which by definition is filled with macedonians . 
  i did n't want to indulge on that , but since you bring it up . 
  [ here 's is a map of balkan ethnic groups ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c6/ethnic_map_of_balkans_-_german_1882.jpg ) basically what happened is that in the balkan wars ( wars in which the balkan countries pushed the ottoman away from europe ) serbia liberated albania , and slowly moved eastward into ottoman macedonia , a territory of ( predominately ) ethnic bulgarians , while the other armies were fighting with the ottomans . 
  bulgaria was pissed with this arrangement and declared the second balkan war , against serbia . 
  we joined the war on the side of serbia , seeing opportunity to expand into sparely populated and mostly mountainous terrain that would create a boundary from balkan invasions , romania also joined the war for their own reasons . 
  then , surprisingly the ottomans joined the war on our side and pushed into eastern thrace , basically surrounding bulgaria and forcing them to surrender .
