  it was n't my idea , either . 
  all of this was posted by a reddit user on r/greece . 
  \u039d\u0395\u03a3 is a staple of greek culture . 
  it 's the core ingredient of frappe . 
   newly anointed leader of the free world when did that happen ? 
  not to brag but i made the one for greece . 
  r/ladara it 's still in the christmas theme though , because i have finals ; _ ;, 
  the greek issue most often flares up for the same reason : the imf ca n't be asked to decide what to do . 
   but they have been stuck at about 12-15 % so far . 
  parties like that usually have an upper limit . 
  even if the same parties are in power , the power dynamic difference of the spd having more seats is not to be underestimated . 
  voting die linke on the other hand , is possibly a spoiler vote . 
   humiliated by germans really , is that what you 're getting out of this ? 
  because i think it 's unlikely that anyone can possibly humiliate the syriza-anel administration more than they do themselves ... 
  bu ... but ...  muh sovereign parliament !, 
  somebody give this guy gold for the love of god !, 
  no infrastructure of europe tag ? 
   they also charge incredibly high fees for crossing that is true of all greek motorways . 
  all the motorways in greece are private for-profit businesses . 
  yes , but they are n't connected to the foundations of the bridge . 
   that 's why the current gate is a replica it 's not a replica . 
  we 've been piecing the whole thing back together for the past 2 centuries , now . 
   offer advice and their own view on things well his advice and view is ultimately stupid and damaging for europe , his country , and his own electorate . 
  will anyone call him out on it ? 
  the thing is , it 's not an isolated opinion . 
  many politicians have convinced their electorate that grexit can be initiated without our consent and that it 's not a big deal , but very few people are calling them out . 
  yeah but what currency will greece have , is . 
  saying : `` here is what greece needs to do to get fiscally in line with the rest of the eurozone '' , and '' greece should outright exit '' is n't the same thing . 
  and recently it 's even worse than that . 
  they have n't even decided what we should do . 
  they expect results on the things they have n't decided to even ask yet . 
  the greek administration caused so much lack of trust due to their actions and ultimately caused this , so it 's partly our fault , but it 's still insane that now there is n't even a clear position on what we should do , even from the creditors themselves . 
  it 's like the eu is the good cop and the imf the bad cop , but instead of having the same goals , they just keep arguing as we wait in the next room ... 
  i will never understand why are politicians from other countries even allowed to do that . 
  the greek public has neither voted in favor of grexit in a referendum nor do we have a government elected with grexit as a mandate . 
  who asked you about your opinion ? 
  note : this bridge is unique in the world in a variety of ways : it is not anchored to the seabed in any way . 
  this bridge is extremely tall , some pillars are 60 meters deep into the sea , but since it also has massive foundations of about 90 meters in diameter , it 's actually bottom heavy . 
  all of this means that in the case of an earthquake , the bridge will actually maintain it 's inertia , and it 's big flat foundations and the pillars will slide and stay in place as the ground moves , effectively isolating the motion of the earthquake . 
  the roadway is unique in the world too . 
  for the entire span , it never touches the pillars or is supported by them . 
  it is a completely separate component and it can move independently in all four directions . 
  the pillars and the roadway are connected with shock absorbers that turn the kinetic energy of the roadway into heat . 
  so this looks like a cable stay bridge from afar but it 's actually not one . 
  it 's a hammock type bridge , a completely unique design jointly created by france and greece specifically for this scenario . 
  and in case you are wondering , it opened under time and under budget . 
  yeah , i only now say it . 
  it 's a big subreddit . 
  this bridge is unique in the world in a variety of ways : it is not anchored to the seabed in any way . 
  this bridge is extremely tall , some pillars are 60 meters deep into the sea , but since it also has massive foundations of about 90 meters in diameter , it 's actually bottom heavy . 
  all of this means that in the case of an earthquake , the bridge will actually maintain it 's inertia , and it 's big flat foundations and the pillars will slide and stay in place as the ground moves , effectively isolating the motion of the earthquake . 
  the roadway is unique in the world too . 
  for the entire span , it never touches the pillars or is supported by them . 
  it is a completely separate component and it can move independently in all four directions . 
  the pillars and the roadway are connected with shock absorbers that turn the kinetic energy of the roadway into heat . 
  so this looks like a cable stay bridge from afar but it 's actually not one . 
  it 's a hammock type bridge , a completely unique design jointly created by france and greece specifically for this scenario . 
  and in case you are wondering , it opened under time and under budget . 
   while most people enjoy dumping on greece , be aware that if their military pay is furloughed ( say due to a gov ' t cash flow crisis ) then a coup happens and their democracy simply ends . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the whole point of a military coup is to redistribute existing resources to a group of fewer people than before . 
  greeces resources ( the shipping industry , tourism , services ) are dependent on stuff like security and ability to access international markets . 
  a military coup can never really succeed in a service economy because the leader by the very act of ceasing power , bites the hand that feeds them , which is ultimately why the junta failed in greece 40 years ago after a short lived rule , even though they had international support , and were even legitimized by the monarchy . 
  a situation in which an army gains control of an almost exclusively service based and democratic country , with no international support is pretty much impossible . 
  not just unlikely , impossible . 
  know what ? 
  our government basically is n't sovereign anymore , we have to ask germany for permission to do everything , but we do n't hold the german parliament and government accountable in any way . 
  it 's basically taxation without representation . 
  i would prefer we had a european government in place we can all elect , and it was the one running things instead of germany , but since we do n't have that , maybe we really should become a german state . 
  stop blaming us , we are n't remotely big enough to bring down the euro , and if we are , that 's not our problem , it 's a problem of the euro . 
  implying that all countries in financial trouble should say `` fuck it '' as they proceed to default and dissolve their central government ? 
  what would that achieve ? 
  for the record , i did n't circle them , i found the image online searching for pomaks ( fancy name for muslim bulgarian thracians ) , and i always was of the impression that they do n't really like us . 
  you can have [ these red parts ] ( http://www.dionolympos.gr/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/thrace_big.jpg ) . 
  but not the rest , sorry ... we like the rest . 
   macedonia is the only country that split from jugoslavia in a complete democratic way , without firing a single bullet . 
  do n't play dumb , we all know the bullets were only postponed for round 2 . 
  no country like this can really work . 
  maybe you should learn from the past a bit and you should should fix your mistakes before they manifest . 
  and that 's why the [ byzantine empire under justinian ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-51fr-fjunog/trxz0zagy2i/aaaaaaaabgu/az7k4fmxw80/s1600/byzantmapjustinian1st565.jpg ) is the best roman empire . 
  please bulgaria , we beg of you , take one for the team !, 
  same here m8 . 
  greece has the biggest share of international shipping than any country in the world , and the percentage of gdp of tourism in greece is about 16 % , whereas industry is about 18 % . 
  that 's right . 
  more industry in greece , than tourism . 
  that 's something the news wo n't tell you often . 
  access is n't the same as rights . 
  having the right to do something is n't the same as a mandate and subsidies for you to do it . 
  in a free society , consenting adults should be able to live their own lifestyle of choice provided that they can accommodate for it themselves , and they do n't harm other people . 
  anything less than that is not truly a free society . 
  if consenting adults want to do it , why should it be banned ? 
  i do n't think they forgot about it , so much as they keep from bringing it to parliament as bait for the next elections . 
  maybe syriza wants to put this issue on the ballot . 
  it 's a valid strategy for them , and likely to attract some millennial voters . 
  it 's not like they have delivered pretty much on anything else . 
   yes !, 
  go on brussels !, 
  force your ideas on other countries . 
  lgbt rights are n't `` ideas '' they are rights . 
  lgbt marriage and adoption are civil rights much in the same way as freedom to practice any religion or no religion , freedom of speech , or the right to a fair trial .
