  at that time the slavic languages had n't diverged and were mutually understandable , and there was therefore one slavic language . 
  is n't weird that our so called modern iteration of greek predates the split and creation of so many languages ? 
  great . 
  now tsipras has to veto the canadian trade agreement . 
  i am sorry canada but if you want to have free trade with europe , you ca n't call cow milk based canadian produced cheeses feta ( and it 's pretty much the only protection that does n't make it , too ) . 
  it 's actually quite genius . 
  this is kind of bullshit , the data for the fist quarter has only today been produced . 
  it 's borderline negative , not corrected by actual tax data and not seasonally adjusted . 
  it 's more like a guess , than an actual statistic . 
  i know 2 consecutive quarters of negative growth in a row technically constitute a recession but is this so different than if we had 0.1 % growth instead of recession ? 
  no it is n't . 
  which is in no way excusing this administration for being such dicks and not just making a deal with creditors last year as they should , instead of derailing the economy with uncertainty , false promises and delays . 
  this is the penalty football teams get when their hooligans mess shit up . 
   when i went to greece they hated germans and when i went to germany they did n't like the french . 
  none of which is really true though . 
  i 'll give you a task . 
  try to find an instance where greece and cyprus have n't traded 12 points . 
  you 're the one who bundled up greece and bulgaria into this , all i am saying is let 's talk about all of thrace . 
  in my opinion the pogroms and frankly genocide of greeks in eastern thrace is n't irrelevant at all . 
  as of ethnic identity i wo n't say it was n't supressed in the past , but certainly that is n't the case anymore and you come out as extremely ignorant and frankly insulting for suggesting that . 
  also , there is a dicotomy in your argument that blows my mind . 
  you made a huge post about how greece does n't respect the ethnic makeup of thrace on the basis of the treaty of lausanne targeting muslims rather than some ethinc group for protection ( even though has n't been happened in the past 50 years ) yet you are justifying turkey doing relengushin protections to extremely secular christians ( which is to say all of them ) under the same treaty . 
  there is no way you do n't see the conflict in criticizing the treaty of lausanne for causing a non problem in western tharace but praising it for guarateeing those perky greeks even some basic rights , which are violated all the time anyway . 
  because we all know that `` secular '' turkey is actually less accepting of christians than even the fucking ottoman empire . 
  the way the ecumenical patriarch ( that 's the pope of the orthodox church ) and his ecclesiastic community is treated is truly appalling , and really is currently at a whole new level of direspect pretty much unseen in the ottoman empire . 
  say what you will about greece and bulgaria , we 're not flawless but at least we are taking step forward , not backwards . 
   to be honest , muslim folks in greece and bulgaria were and are rather turkish or pomak ( excluding the muslim gypsies ) while many pomaks also do self-identify as turks . 
  what greece and bulgaria was doing ( and greece continues to do so ) is denying their very existences . 
  this is highly inaccurate . 
  both turkish and pomak are official langages in the greek province of eastern macedonia and western thrace , as well as a recognized minority language in bulgaria . 
  nobody disputes the fact fact that historic thrace ( the territory of which is occupied by 3 countries ) used to be a melting pot of peoples , and thus it has a diverse population makeup , one that was preserved by the treaty of lausanne , no less . 
  and despite that there is one part of thrace that is n't a melting pot anymore , it just so happens to be the turkish part . 
  were there policies of assimilation in western thrace ? 
  of course , i do n't know much about bulgaria but the greek government seems to be very much admitting it , and be rather apologetic about it , even providing the decendants of those affected with reparation and affirmative action . 
  turkey on the other half would put you in prison if you even go as far as mention the historical fact that there were pogroms against greeks and other christians in istanbul and other parts of eastern thrace both in the context of the anatolian genocides and afterwards . 
  which is n't to point any fingers since everyone has been treating thracians of all ethnic groups like shit for 3 centuries now , but let 's just bring some facts and perspective into the discussion . 
  and for the record , it is true that the turkish consulate has tried to meld with the internal affairs of the many minority communities of thrace in violation of greek and international law ( that pesky treaty of lausanne which guarantees the multiethnic multireligious character of thrace , what a nuisance , i know ) . 
   raiding how barbaric . 
  for one thing , european culture is focused a bit more on comorodery , rather than just individualism . 
  people tend to be more open and truthful , and we take pride in our community building more so than the americans do , i think . 
  so as a result of that we value the traditions that bring the people together a whole lot more , and we tend to stick by them . 
  we have n't drafted a national myth for ourselves as pioneers or ragged individuals vs the world . 
  truthfulness to the fact that everyone is just a regular person , and a healthy fascination with what other regular people do ( as in this cultural exchange ) , as well as empathy are , i think , indicative of `` europeannes '' . 
  that 's the best than i can do . 
  anyone want to add to that ? 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  no , the contract is with everyone . 
  i for one agree , but at the same time i think that both foundations of law ( and for that matter the rest as well ) are fundimentally flawed . 
  all legal systems treat law as something emposed on people . 
  either coming from some higher power , an arbitrary authority or ultimately individual human judgement . 
  even in the most democratic countries the legal system usually has ancient roots and is therefore built on this mentality of fear of punishment rather than positive reinforcement . 
  if i had the chance to make a country from scratch , i would definite law as a contract between individuals and their peers , and nothing more than that . 
  it would n't be symbolic , either . 
  i would have people literally signing a copy of the constitution in their local town hall upon reaching adulthood . 
  and if the contract is broken , in trial you would n't face a judge or an anonymous jury at all , but rather the people affected by your misdemeanors , sort of like an official intervention . 
  the result of trials would for the most part be an obligation to fix the damage that the person has inflicted on society , and as soon as that has been achieved the person must reaffirm his part of the contract , and everyone continues on with their lives . 
  even in cases where the damage can never be undone ( ie murder ) i would have some modified version of the above play out . 
  i would probably call it natural law since it 's the kind of rule and norm enforcement that naturally arises in groups and communities of people . 
  well , we are not the number one target for nuclear holocaust when one of the morons next door get nukes . 
  so there 's that ... 
  that 's wrong on so many levels . 
   chechia you mean czechia ? 
  seeing how it has negative numbers , you 're probably right . 
  this is surpluses on the positive axis , not deficits . 
  no offense , but i think you 're are colossally wrong , especially about tourism . 
  while diversifying the economy is always important , it 's most important to understand where the strengths and the strategic advantages of our country lie and take advantage of them . 
  antiquities , good climate and islands make greece a very attractive tourist destination . 
  not investing in tourism in such an environment would be akin to sitting in on top of oil and not extracting it in the fear that you 'll be an `` oil based economy '' . 
  same for shipping . 
  maritime culture and institutions means we will always have a big piece of the pie in the shipping business . 
  and that 's good . 
  in general , a free market is about leaving the work to be done by those best at doing it . 
  there is nothing wrong about the fact that germany makes cars and we are n't since the 80s , we make and process the kinds of foods that they do n't , because they ca n't , and we 're all better for it ... 
  except us , because we fail to understand that the free market only works when you let it work . 
  when you find and reinforce the unique sectors of your industry that make sense to invest in , and do n't try to emulate the success of others . 
  daily reminder that the enfia tax is unconstitutional . 
  the courts have repeatedly ruled against it and have agressisbely fought governments for it . 
  it 's just that they do n't care because we do n't have any liberties or property rights left whatsoever , if the government was told to harvest organs to pay the debt , they will probably just do it and ignore the courts . 
  might as well make a new constitution for greece , since everyone is whipping their ass with the one we have right now . 
  keep it short . 
  just write i owe you in a piece of paper . 
  it 's about a million per year . 
  the bulk of our power plants are lignite plants . 
  they are old , expensive to maintain and very bad for the environment , they are consistently failing and the grid companies do n't even bother maintaining them since they have to be phased out by law anyway . 
  the big replacements are hydroelectricity , solar and wind , the plan is quite ambitious however during the crisis the funds for some renewables dried up as lignite energy production kept coming down , so we had to import energy . 
  how is this even legal ? 
  a solar arrangement is something you buy and own . 
  how can the government tax you for using something you own in your own home ? 
  it 's mostly middle and upper class turks who can afford to do this anyway , so for them it does n't matter that much . 
  [ wtf portugal and spain ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/pvgis_europe-solar_opt_publication.png ), 
  i would vote snp in a heartbeat . 
  say what you will about them , they probably care about scotland . 
  when podemos polls more than syriza . 
  wow . 
   the enlightenment defined the european . 
  this . 
  we 've always sort of had a common identity even in the age of nationbuilding .
