  i remember we had a pretty awesome theologian in school , he used to explain it like this : god is like a business of 3 . 
  the father is the boss , the son is the salesman , and the holy spirit is the guy on the motorbike who does the day to day shipping . 
  if god inc. has to interact with the world in any way , the father will probably send the holy spirit to do it . 
  i did n't know one could be two religions at once !, 
  once upon a time there was one christian church . 
  they agreed that the bishops in the 5 most important cities of christendom at the time ( rome , constantinople , jerusalem , antioch and alexandria ) should be the ones running the whole church , but be themselves , largely independent from one another . 
  they called this system the pentarchy and it was a shockingly effective system at keeping the church united for the most part for a millennia , until everyone started bitching about who was the coolest . 
  there 's this guy in rome that 's like : i should totally be the boss of this enterprise , but the rest , seeing how rome is n't even part of the empire at the time , are n't keen on agreeing . 
  so long story short , they denounce each other in 1054 , and go both ways and that 's how the catholic and the orthodox churches were born . 
  the pope rulling things alone and more effectively dominated western europe for the next 500 years , and in the east christianity becomes a thing with russians and bulgarians and serbians etc. . . and eventually new patriarchates are established , making the pentarchy the dekarchy or whatever . 
  later , the roman empire and the orthodox church gets dicked by the ottomans , many orthodox are pissed off and rebel , and now we have non-partiarch orthodox leaders too thrown into the mix . 
  meanwhile we also have so far non-denominational christians from western europe and the middle east starting adopting orthodox dogma or simply being recognized by the orthodox churches . 
  and that 's how this mess came to be . 
   how independent was the patriarch really during the times of ottoman domination ? 
  he was independent enough to be a constant target of the sultan and that was the problem . 
  when you find yourself under new circumstances it 's best not to make enemies with the new manager of the realm . 
  the orthodox are extremely pragmatic about those things , one of the core philosophies of the orthodox is caesaropapism , literally caesar-over-pope . 
  the idea is that god does not rule on earth and man does not rule on heaven , so on earthly matters ( politics ) please refer to the caesar ( or equivalent ) and not the church . 
   regardless of op 's wet dreams . 
  i ca n't even put it in words how much unrelated i am to this faith and it 's politics and how little of a shit i give about the issue you are bringing up in particular . 
  this is the information i found and i thought it was fun so i posted it . 
   but these churches are n't vassals they are not in communion with the ecumenical patriarch so they are independent just like the western orthodox churches . 
  look , it 's complicated . 
  my understanding is that even though the churches themselves do n't get 100 % along ( which is also true between members of the eastern orthodox church btw ) , each of the churches is actually fine with the fateful of the others as dogmatically they are all indistinguishable , so in all practical ways , all orthodox are a single denomination , even though they are not in full communion . 
  the orthodox and the protestants are n't a monolith , individual churches disagree quite a lot on some things actually but even if they are not in communion , they are still considered one denomination , because the basic ideas are the same . 
   orthodox - we will have our own pope with black jacks and hookers !, 
  the thing about the orthodox though is that they do n't have just one pope . 
  every patriarch is effectively a pope , with the ecumenical patriarch being first among ** equals ** . 
  yeah , part of the greek drive to independence was also the rejection of many of the practices of the patriarchate in the empire , which were seen as degrading for christians and unfitting of his position . 
  the church of greece was initially ... you could say ... something of an orthodox-protestant church if that makes any sense . 
  but as tends to happens , everyone just came together and eventually agreed that the greek rebel priests were n't heretics and the ecumenical patriarch promptly recognized the greek church soon after . 
  ever since the map has been the same . 
  in greek , france is called \u0393\u03b1\u03bb\u03bb\u03af\u03b1 ( gaulia ) and the french are called \u0393\u03ac\u03bb\u03bb\u03bf\u03b9 ( gauls ) . 
   all the other churches like macedonian orthodox/montenegrin/abkhazian / uoc kp/uaoc i am aware of these but for complicated reasons they are actually either seen as vassals of patriarchates , at least for now , and not all vassals are included in this image since there 's just too many of them and most of them do n't really matter . 
   interesting choice putting the western orthodox churches which are separate from main stream orthodoxy they are n't that separate . 
  the amount of fateful each church finds itself with varies drastically , from as little as a thousand to as much as hundreds of millions . 
  part of why this map is fun is that disconnect . 
  firstly , i understand that '' ___ of europe '' is an overdone trope that leads to a sea of similar threads that flood the subreddit and mods are rightfully trying to put a stop to that and all , but to auto-ban everything that has '' ___ of europe '' in the title just because it 's phrased that way ... 
  i do n't think is very fair ( or enforceable for that matter ) . 
  it 's not like i could n't take 2 seconds to think of another title , but i still chose not to , if anything , just to show that it really bothered me to have my initial post auto-banned , context free . 
  because it 's not like someone could reply to this thread with another '' ____ of europe '' . 
  sorry if this comes against the rules , but imo even if it technically does it really should n't be . 
  secondly , exposed as i am to these denominations i am not orthodox myself . 
  i understand that there are disagreements over the jurisdiction and vassals of each patriarchate and most certainly not everything is shown ( especially the fact that within russia there are literally dozens of `` technically vassal churches '' ) . 
  there are better maps online , but only really for one communion at the time , rather than the 3 different communions that call themselves orthodox . 
  now ... what 's the difference between the communions ? 
  in practice , none . 
  to my understanding all of these faithful are considered orthodox and are treated indiscriminately from other orthodox churches , it 's just that the churches themselves have various disagreements about it , none of which is about faith at all . 
  so it 's really one communion in all but name , again , the way i see it for my reading on this . 
  i would love to see world leaders wearing this in their interactions with turkish officials . 
  nope . 
  found it on their museum website . 
  apparently the exact same service had been running with steam trains since 1869 , which is the date they refer to for their claim to be the first metro-style service on the continent . 
  i do n't know if it 's right or not but it 's certainly before anything else on the wikipedia metro list , even though the metro branding for athens came with the electrification of the line in 1904 . 
   1896 - first subway on the continent til that athens metro line 1 was only the 4th metro-style service on the continent , predated by hungary , paris and berlin by something less than 10 years . 
  i wonder though , why would attiko metro tell me otherwise ? 
  yes . 
  apparently our defense minister is head of literally the nat soc party of greece , some turkish minister said . 
  greece does n't have a supreme court . 
  the justice system in greece is based ( i swear i am not making this up ) on the holy trinity . 
  basically there are 3 courts that are all supreme arbiters of the law . 
  the areopagus , the chamber of accounts and ... one more that i do n't remember how it 's called in english , let 's call it chamber or awesome . 
  the areopagus hears cases of disagreements between parties and its word is the law of the land , the chamber of accounts does the checks and balances thing , holds the government and the parliament to the constitution and even decides who among the courts will make the transition government will be the pm when a pm quits or fails to have a majority in parliament . 
  the other court to my understanding is mostly criminal . 
  it does n't actually hear any cases but it decides penalties for crimes not set by the law , and oversees other courts . 
  this whole system is completely separated from the political process to my understanding . 
  basically one court appoints the justices on the other and so on , and then the president rubber stamps it . 
  it 's also possible for them to make joint rullings for extreme cases , but this never happens . 
  but we are the nazi reminants ? 
  not really , but unions are blocking access to stores on a weekly basis . 
  [ i would personally do this ] ( https://www.online-betting.me.uk/images/pages/patent-bet.jpg ), 
  only georgaphicaly . 
  so is finland btw . 
   some universities in greece do n't even have toilets that 's what you get when you have university social and political groups running universities . 
  sigh . 
  ending this madness and asylum in university should be priority number 1 for any sensible government here . 
  too bad we do n't have any of those . 
  life hack : go to norway commit a crime and get an education . 
  no , i would rather think that some arguments convinced them to vote no , and it 's not a stretch to imagine what are those . 
  `` the ever closer union '' clause , the democratic defect , the fact that there are not clear paths to exit schengen and the euro should a country want to , or the fact that any new member of the eu is basically forced to pledge to adopt them , and a host of other issues such as the eu having 3 parliament buildings and way too much staff and getting its nose in way too many things . 
  what 's wrong with the eu is widely known , and it 's almost universally agreed upon even inside eu countries . 
  so you know ... 
  anything to just fix it already . 
  yes , because we totally want to be spending billions every year defending you guys . 
  / s trust me , we would fucking wish to be in a position to be leaving you alone . 
  it was the greek cypriots who rejected the annan plan . 
  somehow greek cypriots is literally greece , even though , you know ... actual greece actually supported the annan plan . 
   you can ask your government if it wants our side to withdraw unilaterally . 
  i think we should be doing it on our own anyway . 
  do n't get me wrong , i really do think we should be helping cyprus if they ask for it , and it 's a sovereign government asking for our help totally unlike the north ... 
  but to be fair and to play sort of the devils advocate , yes we do look kinda dumb saying `` no foreign troops on the island '' while ... you know ... having a bunch of our own troops on the island . 
   nope , the cypriots wanted enosis with greece ever since 1821 . 
  to be fair , clearly not all cypriots . 
  please let this be successful . 
  i have family history with diabetes and i am terrified of the prospect of getting it someday :(, 
  here is a great idea : remember how in the old days when countries had a disagreement about a border here and there or about the enforcement of a bilateral treaty they literally asked a random neutral third party to do it ? 
  do something similar by getting someone from the eu to go to switzerland and ask the swiss `` what would it take for the eu to do , to think it is acceptable for you to join it ? '', 
  then quickly proceed to implement those reforms , switzerland automatically joins and likely fixes the union for good . 
  as of the uk ... maybe when technology improves we will be able to slice the crust underneath it and ship it to america . 
  they are literally the best .
