  and the facts happen to mostly be on the eu side . 
  nobody stops eurosceptics from coming up with factual arguments against the eu , and the eu is n't fucking perfect , there are legitimate concerns and implications regarding its doing . 
  these kinds of concerns are shared by the mainstream , but it 's not the kind of things you ever hear from eurosceptics . 
  we 're not allergic to eurosceptics or any scepticism , we 're allergic to bullshit arguments and stupid thinking . 
  i do n't know much about this whole thing , but one unionist i 've met was fucked up . 
  he even told me that sinn fein has ties with muslim terrorist networks , no joke . 
  that was supposed to be latin anyway : switzerland : speaking latin does n't make you smart . 
   one must look at europe  look three times ( closely ) , it 's worrying . 
   only then look at her . 
   only after europe , look at greece ...  -  see the wolfs that surround us all ( europe ) ? 
   warming up for their next hunt  all they ever do is win  it devastates me to even think about it ...  -  it 's because of the many mouths of greed that divide ( meaning the kings of europe )  that men disregard their honest feelings  how else can someone convince their own hand  to punch their brothers in the head ? . . 
   -  if you 've been one of them , one who can not feel this great pain  neither for country , neither for faith . 
   i urge you to use your strength to hug each other instead of fighting . 
   become brothers , as your heart ( truly ) desires . 
  yes all of that is in the hymn to liberty . 
  it 's a big poem . 
  this is n't a particularly good rendition of the greek national anthem . 
  it 's neither fateful to the original work of mantzaros nor particularly remarkable . 
  have a [ better version , people ] ( https://youtu.be/m_fuznl7gtg ) . 
  what about only eurozone members ? 
   cynically and transparently biased as opposed to the golden standard of journalism of pro-brexit publications . 
  or you know ... you could speed it up by shitting on the nhs . 
  vote tories !, 
  is it weird that of all of these the one that screams banana republic in my mind are the blue passports ? 
   the thing is , by 2030 solar energy and batteries will we so cheap that conventional power plants are just not economically viable . 
  not if the us government keeps up their subsidies for coal and fossil fuel . 
  i would n't mind historic buildings being replaced so long as the building built in their place respect the character of the place they are in . 
  the islands are a great example of this . 
  it 's not like there are n't any modern buildings , but there are limitations in place to preserve the character of the region , and even modern buildings have to go by them . 
  that 's what we need : people not being sad to see a building go , but happy to see an equally beautiful building spring in its place . 
  could you imagine the awesomeness that would be if architectural style laws were reintroduced in the mainland ? 
  stuff like : clay roofs mandatory , height of buildings dependant on neighbours , colour pallets set for each region . 
  sadly it 's been politically impossible . 
  yeah . 
  who needs those experts with their studies and degrees ? 
  the 60 billion just became 360 billion , thank you very much . 
   some would see it as bending over for the eu . 
  to be fair it 's not like those people will say anything is not bending over for the eu , so it should n't be a concern in policy making . 
  i 'll attempt to comment on all of them , in no particular order : norway : you 're cool . 
  sweden : ... 
  it 's not time yet ? 
  denmark : bless you . 
  britain : english motherfuckers , do n't you speak it ? 
  netherlands : is there anything you guys are not awesome at ? 
  seriously dude ... germany : boy that 's a mouthful . 
  luxemburg : good for you guys !, 
  france : probably the only one i knew before this . 
  good branding . 
  czechia : you guys know the shit . 
  spain : is this the fucking olympics ? 
  portugal : normally i would prefer a motto shorter but languages that sound amazing are excused . 
  monaco : `` god '' is quite a creative euphemism for slot machine . 
  malta : that 's the stuff . 
  now we 're talking . 
  greece : the translation is literally correct but it 's kind of misses the point . 
  more correct translations would be : `` for the sake of liberty , fight or die '' . 
  since it 's my country 's i can not properly judge it . 
  fyr macedonia : lol albania : really decent . 
  ^ ^ kosovo : ^ ^ also ^ ^ decent . 
  moldova : i wholeheartedly agree . 
  romanian is really cool . 
  latvia : k. lithuania : french revolution vibe . 
  armenia : sure ... belgium , andora , bulgaria and georgia get the badge of shame for not even trying . 
  and the oscar goes to spain , no contest . 
   it is much cheaper to connect egypt/cyprus to israel , and from there , to turkey and onward into europe . 
  that would defeat the whole purpose of the pipeline . 
  an alternative maybe would be egypt to greece bypassing cyprus . 
  but even that , for reasons explained bellow , is n't that smart . 
   keep in mind that it also has to go through syrian eez one way or another . 
  [ it does n't . 
  ] ( http://www.oilandgasmediterranean.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/map-3-cyprus-maritime-border-vect.jpg ) plus you 've missed some very essential pros : 1 ) cyprus it turns out has a shit ton of natural gas , maybe even oil , it 's easily extractable too . 
  greece has some , but probably only enough for our domestic market . 
  still , this is n't nothing , the number one thing we import here is gas and oil , having our own source of oil , even if we do n't export it will turn our trade defect into a big surplus , and cyprus could benefit greatly from its oil , maybe even reunify because of it . 
  if the infrastructure is there this will greatly add to the region . 
  2 ) cyprus is really central in any energy plan . 
  if you look at the map you 'll see that cyprus is effectively close to a bunch of different options : syria , israel , lebanon and egypt ... 
  if cyprus is connected with all of these countries individually and then with the european mainland , individual countries wo n't matter anymore . 
  this coupled with italy having more robust connections to north africa will mean that there will never be an oil crisis ever again . 
  3 ) when it 's time , and the bulk of fossil fuel demand drops , europe would be one of the first markets , if not the first to not depend on foreign oil imports . 
  we will have our oil infrastructure where our own frigging oil is . 
  dude , there were constant wars in the balkans at the time . 
  the fact that the gold standard even survived all that is a fucking miracle . 
  and probably came as a result of the lmu . 
  while that 's not the case in my experience , i still have to agree that the tram in athens sucks so fucking much . 
  trams are generally a bad idea in the scorching heat and small roads . 
  it should be replaced by a metro line along the coast and become pedestrian space asap . 
  yes they are comparable , however it 's absolutely not a good sign . 
  this change reflects the massive changes in the private sector in which people close their businesses and exit the job market . 
  the [ number of employed ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/employed-persons ) has also been falling lately , and unemployment remains steady with no increase during that time . 
  this basically means that more and more people are exiting the workforce every day , not even going as far as looking for a job , anymore . 
  the unemployment figure itself is n't exactly helpful in greece , it has always been inflated to my knowledge since it 's not adjusted for full time students and illegal labor , which is why it was unreasonably high to begin with ( something like 9 % before the crash ) , but the employment figure is pretty much the number of people who have work , and it has been going down since july . 
  tldr : this government has been bragging about lowering unemployment by at least a little , but in reality they are actually pushing people outside the work market at roughly the same rate since the begging of the crash . 
  yes please . 
  forward this on reddits and discords !, 
  epseranto is super easy to learn though . 
  i seriously have to be the only person who thinks this is a good idea , are n't i ? 
  i mean think about it , esperanto was made in europe for a very noble puprose , it 's easier to learn than any language , and it makes sense for us all to eventually speak a common language other than our mother tongue , rather than have 3 working languages , might as well be esperanto . 
  also , i am telling you the eu is probably going to sanction something like `` continental english '' after brexit just to have it around as a working language , and i simply refuse to endure the humiliation of everyone speaking english with a french accent and insist it 's correct . 
  i 'd take esperanto or another made up language over that any time . 
  oh come f * cking on !,
