  that 's how you know these people are retards . 
  no sane government should call a referendum on eu membership at least over the next 2 years . 
  there is something to celebrate today . 
  we ( both sides on the argument on the eu ) now have the best thing we could ask for . 
  exhibit 0 : great britain . 
  finally !, 
  a country that is going to leave the european union , and set a precedent for leaving !, 
  just wait and see how is that working out for them , and whether the process and the prospect of exiting the european union is worth it for countries already in !, 
  you dont get it . 
  that 's all the tories ever do . 
  what is even a tory without the eu ? 
  the church has no real power though . 
  they have some influence , more to do with history and culture , than actual religion , but that 's not the same thing as power . 
  i am greek , and atheist , and i do n't see any issue with the dominant position of the orthodox faith . 
  priests have my respect , even . 
  i think it is great that some members of the public have the urge to live a life of piety and service to others in priesthood , and i would n't want to deter them from doing that by taking away their salary which they have enjoyed for centuries . 
  especially since the state really benefits from their services , and from church property , and from all the ecclesiastic tourism they bring in . 
  i think its mostly to do with the deal with turkey . 
  because one day when erdogan threatened the eu to end that deal , a lot ( like ten times more than usual ) of refugees crossed . 
  when asked why they told the authorities that they hoped that they would not be returned back . 
  the closing of the balkan route sure helps deter economic migrants who want to go to countries with generous welfare , but it does n't really deter refugees , whose primary concern is safety , from getting to european soil . 
  so we need both . 
  both borders closed shut , and the deal with turkey . 
  it was deliberate . 
  tbh , i do n't blame this man that much . 
  for all that poor man gets affected by laws that squeeze his income , and listens to his mp taking part in constant debates in parliament regarding the issue and sees eu bureaucrats visiting all the time and demanding those things from the government , it 's not really shocking that he believes that the eu is somehow causing this , or at least perpetuating this ... to be fair , the situation is pretty unprecedented , before the debt crisis , the last time greece defaulted on its debt was 1932 , so these things had n't come up since the great depression , generations ago . 
  people just are n't economists that study these stuff , the cause and effects of fiscal policy and borrowing , these are foreign concepts to most people . 
  so to the average person who watches the news , it really does sound like the eu is demanding them to pay more tax , and get paid less than people in other eu countries . 
  we made them , we can always change them ... 
  ca n't wait to ask germans if the berlin airport is ready . 
  i just vomited from my eyes . 
  this campaign is calling its enemies project fear . 
  this campaign !, 
  were you unfortunate enough to visit during strike season ? 
  oh wait i forgot , strike season is the only season . 
  dammit !, 
  somebody thought of this before me !, 
  ; _ ; i never get the good puns ... 
  better than nothing , but still not remotely as good a should be . 
  hello , 
   why did it take so long ? 
  \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af honestly it 's probably because it 's hard to justify , let alone sell to taxpayers , the cut to benefits in times where people depend on benefits to survive . 
  the problem with greece is that we were the first to crash and the mechanisms to deal with that crash were n't there yet . 
  it took the longest to deal with our crash than in any other country . 
  in cyprus , ireland and portugal the necessary things were done much quicker as the lifes of people had n't been affected much from the downturn and there was still political will for reforms . 
  here there was none of that , from day 1 . 
  something like : get reforms in as fast as possible to secure bailout funds as early as possible to return stability to the economy , privatize a whole bunch of unused assets the greek government has at the cheapest possible so that the people who buy them actually invest and create jobs , downsize the public sector and replace the numerous and complicated current benefit schemes with a minimum guaranteed income to save on administrative costs . 
  if the economy grows to the point that we can reach it , why should n't we ? 
  i am not a registered member of any party but i voted for nd in the elections of september 2015 . 
  i think they had the most honest manifesto in that particular election . 
  syriza is n't that bad . 
  they did a good job reforming pensions , they absorb almost 100 % of the money the eu throws at them where previous governments got less than half of that , and they have received more money from tax-evaders than what all governments from 2000 did combined . 
  and i think they have a much better rhetoric altogether , they do n't pretend to like the bailout as previous governments did . 
  they acknowledge that , its something that 's being forced on us , rather than something that we believe should happen . 
  and even though political analysts will tell you that 's a terrible strategy , and it kind of is , i personally would much rather have a government like this . 
  i did n't even voted for syriza and i find them at least equal in good and bad to the previous governments . 
  [ i have never seen a better image that drives the point for the salamis strait bridge ... 
  ever . 
   richest and the most influential one is russian church that 's not so true . 
  consider this : of the 14 orthodox churches , 7 are greek ( and by that i mean they are 1 church in all but name ) . 
  these are : the church of greece , the church of cyprus , the church of antioch , the church of alexandra , the church of america , the church of jerusalem and of course , the ecumenical patriarchate of constantinople . 
  all are greek for historic reasons . 
  they basically are 7 churches with a single clergy . 
  collectively these churches account to fewer worshipers than the russians , but to approximately a billion times more money and influence both political and in matters of the church . 
  and what 's really hard for the russians , is that with the exception of the church of antioch , the other 6 churches are pretty much always in line , because they are one group in all but name . 
  add up the fact that romanians , serbs and the albanian archbishop are also close with this block . 
  add up the fact that this block is ok with the catholic church and the catholic church is ok with it , which russians hate . 
  ... and you can see why russia generally dislikes religious meetings in the orthodox church . 
  [ this is literally what 's happening ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4ogcwyv.jpg ), 
   step aside greece k, 
  bruh , i do n't know ... no wars ? 
   not to mention that the sub has the eu flag on it that 's the flag of all of europe . 
  not just the flag of the eu . 
  actually our government was relying on that deal to get turks to visit greek islands since the demand has surged lately . 
  expect a deal with the greek government soon where you should be able to travel to the islands visa free for like 10 days . 
  that 's probably only going to be for lesvos , chios , rhodes , samos , kos and kastelorizo though ... 
  the things we , and by that i mean greek nationals although i am sure this is the case for all scenghen nationals , can visit turkey without a visa already , for like ... decades . 
  i do n't see how it 's the same . 
  you should , especially istanbul . 
  it 's pretty cool :3, 
  jesus christ dude , milk !, 
  yeah , pretty much everyone is an entitled little shit . 
  but this is the story in other european countries too though . 
  it 's not a problem unique to greece . 
  we are n't . 
  but unlike the other western countries , we truly get eastern europe . 
  we were born in it , molded by it ... 
  exactly , that was the plan , and of course we had to veto that . 
   if you allow us to defend your borders on our terms as well , then we 'll share responsibility as well . 
  who is `` we '' and what are your terms ? 
  to not rescue people inside our maritime border ? 
  to drive back or even attack boats full of people ? 
  to then deprive people of their right to identify themselves and request asylum ? 
  there is no such thing as having saying in it , or terms . 
  members of the schengen area should n't even have national border controls . 
  our coastguard should be the one that do the rescuing , as under our constitution they are obligated to follow international and domestic law of the sea , and these are our territorial waters after all . 
  then , the rest of the border controlling , civilian or otherwise , as well as processing asylum applications , should be done by bodies directly controlled by the european commission . 
  thankfully that 's what the schengen treaty says should happen . 
  unfortunately many countries have lobbied against expanding the eu army ( which already exists btw , it 's not a new thing ) and coastguard for decades !, 
   greek borders they violate , greek shores they land on , greek city 's they stay in .
