  initially she was terrified as we thought that thousands , maybe tens of thousands had died , she went to a phone booth and called my mother . 
  my parents returned that night , and we stayed in our car with my aunts and my cousins , because their house had a garden where we could both safely park our cars away from buildings . 
  as a kid ... 
  i honestly was sort of happy about the arrangement , i was trading pokemon with my cousin and my mind was at ease , even as 5,8 and 5,5 earthquakes were happening , again with a lot of shaking . 
  yeah , my point is ... holy shit the death tool of what we call the `` great quake '' was only 143 . 
  italy 's one has already surpassed it and it happened in the middle of nowhere . 
  i wonder if italy has asked for help yet . 
  because the ( greek ) pm said yesterday that our first and second rescue divisions are ready to go and that he is waiting for italy to ask for help . 
  it 's been a day , are they there yet ? 
  because it seems the situation is really severe and i do n't think one country , however big , can effectively handle this . 
  so has the italian government formally asked for help yet ? 
  in greece the richter scale is used religiously by the public . 
  it 's probably because it is the easiest to feel and understand . 
  when you show a map of greece , show the epicenter and a ring around 100 kms away from the epicenter of the earthquake ( taking into account the depth of the epicenter , so that ring can vary in size on the actual map ) and tell people the earthquake measured 5.6 , people here understand exactly what that means , without the need to do math or be a seismologist , really . 
  similarly , in greece , wind speed is measured in the beaufort scale . 
  why ? 
  it 's easy really , it 's another one of those empirical units where everyday people can feel the difference between scales . 
  it 's a bit nonsensical from a metric standpoint , and seismologists and sailors sure as hell use other measurements , but if it adds practicality , what 's the harm ? 
  yeah , but why though ? 
  he is clearly defending the line of his employer and himself at a time , pushing the narrative that varoufakis and himself are the heroes in this . 
  they clearly are not . 
  i do n't have anything about varoufakis as a guy or as an economist , but it 's a matter of fact that he fucked up . 
  even syriza acknowledges this and apologized for it . 
  so it 's hard to see articles and books coming out of his circle as anything but damage control for his disastrous reign as finance minister . 
  if i 've seen this earlier i would have given you gold . 
  about the author :  james k. galbraith is the author of `` welcome to the poisoned chalice : the destruction of greece and the future of europe . '' he teaches at the lbj school at the university of texas at austin and he assisted greek finance minister varoufakis in 2015 . in case you missed it :  he assisted greek finance minister varoufakis in 2015 . 
  #bias : the article, 
  nothing about what i said was an insult and it obviously does n't apply to everyone . 
  first of all , you know it 's not an insult because i included my people , cycledians , into this . 
  secondly , it 's just true , ok ? 
  greece outside of the cosmopolitan parts is a very closed society that 's not really open minded as a whole at all . 
  that 's not a good thing , or really much of a bad thing . 
  it 's what it is . 
  it 's what i love . 
  it 's in no way an insult . 
  and it 's not to say that we 're all backwards , and the fact that you took it this way is weird , to say the least . 
  calm your tits . 
   ... there are an estimated one million muslims living in greece  ... and some 98 percent of the population consider themself to be greek orthodox ... greece is a country of 50 million people confirmed !, 
  [ we 're not quite there yet ] ( http://cdn.pinknews.co.uk/images/2016/05/ilga3.jpg ) , and i can say that from experience as well . 
  it 's a kind of touchy subject with a lot of people especially outside the big cities . 
  because jesus . 
   social , open-minded society that do n't think only about their arse ? 
  check . 
   open-minded society  open-minded bs !, 
  take it from a cycledian !, 
  people here are n't that open minded at all !, 
  in fact , the more south in the islands you go , the less open minded people are . 
  until you reach [ cretans ] ( http://www.crashonline.gr/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/253-600x600.jpg ) who are basically the greek version of rednecks . 
  [ only worse ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pdhlhaf.jpg )  properly adjusted , funny , outgoing , friendly people , salt of the earth ? 
  sure . 
  edit : added electoral maps of the 3rd hellenic republic to illustrate my point on cretans in particular , because someone thinks i am equating him with rednecks in the states . 
  i am not . 
  even redneck states are often swing states . 
  [ you are worse . 
  ] ( http://img.pathfinder.gr/clubs/images/39/249139/4.jpg ), 
  inb4 where is cyprus, 
   greece is [ the most diverse ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/6318563.jpg ) country * fixed that for you . 
  actually i would say from experience that the opposite is true . 
  it 's actually more likely to find water desalination plants in the small islands that are cut off from the mainland and other big islands for extended periods in bad weather , like the plant in [ herakleia ] ( http://www.naxosnow.gr/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/7d29771a7cf277d5e73a3b53f0fd7676.jpg ) or that in [ schoinoussa ] ( http://i2.wp.com/www.naxosnow.gr/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/377d4cfb85b3d4eead901cbdb8173e7b.jpg ) where i am from . 
  and it sort of makes sense . 
  desalination is a really expensive and really slow process , that really cant keep up with demand during tourism season , so big islands with a lot of demand do n't bother . 
  they have to ship in water from the mainland anyway , so it makes no sense for them to build desalination plants that can keep with peak demand , especially when peak demand is multiples of actual demand , or build water retention and storage to an unimaginable degree to maybe keep up with peak demand . 
  desalination is a great thing , but it will have to become orders of magnitude cheaper and serious water retention infrastructure will need to be in place before it really becomes viable for the greek islands . 
  i think linking the islands with the mainland with underwater piping like we did with electricity and communication lines is far more reliable and viable . 
  it 's pi not pie !, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !, 
  mosquitos here in europe do n't carry the disease because they have n't been exposed to it for generations . 
  we fight mosquitoes because it 's an inconvenience and because they become food for other parasites that threaten crops , not particularly because of the diseases they carry , that 's why we are n't in the business of eradicating them , just limiting their numbers . 
  the 4 domestic cases of malaria in greece are almost certainly a result of mosquitoes transmitting the disease from a migrant who had it to someone else . 
  that does n't really spread the disease in the mosquito population , so it 's not a big deal . 
  range is irrelevant nowadays . 
  nukes can strike from america to pretty much everywhere . 
   if russia turkey and china are to make closer alliance we are fucked . 
  no we are n't . 
   army that is 2nd strongest in nato the second biggest * not strongest . 
   snow people thinking upper 20s are hot that 's adorable, 
  many might go back for historical and religious reasons . 
   inhumane treatment and assimilation efforts directed at all minorities since the foundation of greece . 
  i remember in kittengarden they had these cards where you had to circle what was out of place . 
  and they would have you an airplane , a bus , a ship and a tomato . 
  and you would have to circle the tomato . 
  reading stuff that comes out of turkey makes me wonder if they have an education system robust enough for `` circle what 's not like the others '' exercises . 
   inhumane treatment  assimilation one of those things is not like the other . 
  were they though ? 
  the base 12 countries that signed the maastricht treaty ( ourselves included ) negotiated fearlessly for how much europe each of them were going to be a part in , but once the european union was in place , all new countries that joined afterwards have to agree to the entire deal . 
  it would have been really hard if not impossible for slovakia to join if they had n't sign this , because this would effectively force a treaty change . 
   sorry , but that should be cultural and not political . 
  otherwise , it sounds very similar to what muslim countries have , rather outdated and regressive . 
  i certainly do n't share such `` lutheran brotherhood '' with americans or germans . 
  it not even really cultural in a way . 
  and certainly is n't political . 
  yes , people like russians here and it is reflected in popular opinion but not real policy . 
  when it comes to vote , most people do n't want closer with russia , but they do n't have anything against the russians either . 
  that 's why it 's laughable for me when i read articles `` could greece leave the eu for russia '' . 
  it just aint happening . 
   implying that i do n't know that finland is n't in nato . 
  i know , but it 's not like it matters too much . 
  there 's no way nato is n't coming to an eu members aid in case of russian aggression , so not being part of nato does n't really matter . 
   expressing disgust towards orthodox christianity , and equating russian level corruption with greece 's clientalism . 
  the f * ck  saying that greece is closer with russia than the eu is with turkey .
