  take the terms and shut up . 
  sure , we ca n't avoid austerity , but we can avoid the bad press that comes from tsipras 's theater act which is degrading us every day and damaging investment and tourism . 
  so at least we can have that much . 
  and who knows ? 
  maybe seeing how the other european countries are doing fine , maybe they do know one thing or two more . 
  great logic right there . 
  it 's that attitude to blame for no real debt forgiveness for 8 years now , and kicking the can down the road . 
  someone has to start , may i suggest it be the country whose banks loaned the money in the first place with no oversight and would be damaged the most in case of default ? 
  ... [ this jingle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0fidlyawrq ) evokes a strong reaction . 
  me and you certainly do , but can you say that for others ? 
  truth is , the internet has takes over here too . 
  and the same patterns and behaviours americans have , we have too . 
  i cant find the source but kamenos was talking about upgrading the air force including by about a dozen f35s . 
  they will be met by our own f35s . 
  i just want to remind you that at most , 34 % of greeks supported syriza . 
  this coalition government was illegitimate from the get go , and it never had majority support from our electorate . 
   the greeks never really met the conditions to join the euro in the first place . 
  will this ever die ? 
  saying that is n't exactly false , but it 's extremely dishonest . 
  yes , the simitis administration cooked the books to get in the eurozone in 2001 , but by 2003 it was widely known , and nobody cared because greece had reached the criteria by that time , the same can not be said however for the majority of eu countries today . 
  only finland , the netherlands , estonia and malta still meet the criteria to join and remain in the euro according to the maastricht treaty . 
  so why single us out ? 
  it seems like the majority of eu countries failed to meet their commitments to the eurozone , not just us ... 
  a big chunk of [ the lowlands of western greece ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/@38.2361586,21.7128693,142726m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=el ) is actually reclaimed land . 
  200 years ago , mesolongi and aitoliko used to be at the delta of the river , and everything west to that was a sea with tiny islands 200 years ago . 
  but first with dikes and then with daming and redirecting the river achelos , it 's not a sea anymore . 
  how do i know all this ? 
  well ... from history class . 
  every single invasion of greece happens like this : corinth is the most strategically important city in greece , so the enemy tries to get to corinth and control it . 
  there are mountains surrounding corinth from north , south and east , and there was no canal for most of history , so to get a decent army to corinth , you need to go by ship , and you need to do it through the inland sea . 
  to do that , you need to first take control of both forts that guard the inland sea , called rio and antirio . 
  but you ca n't actually land troops behind the fortresses to siege them because there is n't any land . 
  what was there was at the time muddy and shallow and no ship could reliably drop a big army there . 
  so you need to get to the fortresses by land . 
  you need 2 armies to march from preveza in the north , all the way to mesolongi , and to land on patras to the south , siege the respective cities first , so that they can then move to sieging the fortresses so that they can control both and only then can they go through into the gulf of corinth to try to siege it . 
  the fact that there was n't any land there for a long time , apparently is a big deal . 
  everything from ancient wars all the way to the greek war of independence was fought over these passages and ports , and later corinth . 
  land there is a pretty recent thing . 
  true dat, 
   aitoloakarnania you 've got to hand it to the greeks that came before . 
  they had a sense of humor when naming places . 
  what we call [ western greece ] ( http://news.gtp.gr/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/region-western-greece.jpg ) they would probably call achaioilioaitoloakarnania . 
  this is now officially the english translation of tsiknopempti . 
  mods , it 's official , there is three of them now . 
  purple flowers tag please . 
  nope . 
  it covers pretty much everything . 
  because `` brains '' earn minimum wage . 
  0 . whatever % growth in 2016 is still growth !, 
  i presume a made up thing , mostly . 
  common law is mostly the same way anywhere . 
  daily etymology lesson : `` phobia '' is n't the state of being in fear , that would be `` phobos '' in greek . 
  the two words have the same roots , but they do n't mean the same . 
  phobia is the state of being in constant , unceasing fear for no reason . 
  for something to be characterized as a phobia instead of fear , it has to be for something that is n't there . 
  phobia is an ** irrational ** fear . 
  being afraid of the fact that a nut is slowly taking over a country by purging it from within is ' t a phobia , it 's a rational human response . 
  one that i think all of us share , especially since we may very well have to deal with the consequences of that takeover in the future . 
  so long as there is basis for a fear the word phobia does n't apply . 
  the turkish government can not use the word phobia to imply that our very real concerns about their actions are irrational . 
  do n't mind me , i just have the habit of pointing out orwellian language when i see it . 
  and you did n't like it ? 
  what kind of dutch are you ? 
  odysseus was n't from ithaca ? 
  this seems fishy to me ... 
  challenge accepted ? 
  probably my favorites are the ones that are really old ( like ... 
  ( no good can exist without evil ) and vice versa . 
  there are many many more . 
  basically each region has preserved different ones . 
  i ca n't think of more right now . 
  maybe they are replacing older power coal power plants and it 's overall better for the environment ? 
  i still do n't get it though . 
  : eats kfc in sorrow :, 
  i am not sold that high taxes lead to not paying ones taxes . 
  for one , multiple studies have shown it 's usually the higher earners who forgo tax , not so much the middle class . 
  and when it comes to lower earners , yes , regrettably there are taxes like property tax and vat in basic goods that unfavorably affect them , but the taxes the lowest earners forgo are n't substantial since they do n't pay income tax , which is the bulk of all taxes the greek government collects . 
  the true tax evaders in this country have always been buisinesses and big earners . 
  the vast majority of them can afford to pay taxes and does n't , because there is nothing that the government provides that is of use to them , and it 's easier than ever for them to get away with it . 
  so let 's talk incentives . 
  not tax rates . 
  the biggest problems are these : there is little return for paying taxes in greece . 
  welfare has been slashed drastically , all major government services are either provided by the peripheral or municipal governments and social security , healthcare and education are available for all citizens regardless of what they owe to the government . 
  add to that that there is no effective policy of tax law in greece . 
  it 's high time we had a government that had a zero tolerance policy on tax avoidance with steep fine , but the syriza government is not that . 
  they are actually performing worse than the samaras or even papandreou administration , trully they are a new low for greece in that regard . 
  so given the fact that the government programs have effectively collapsed , and it 's easy to avoid taxes , the fact that 80 % of economic activity is visible to the government is actually pretty remarkable . 
  the name is actually hard to explain for non greeks . 
  - \u03ac\u03c1\u03b1 at the end of nouns is used for as a street talk way to exajurate stuff in greek . 
  for example : \u03b1\u03bc\u03ac\u03be\u03b9 ( car ) \u03b1\u03bc\u03b1\u03be\u03ac\u03c1\u03b1 ( pimp car - big car ) . 
  greece in greek is called \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1 ( ellada ) . 
  \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03b1\u03b4\u03ac\u03c1\u03b1 is what you 'd expect . 
  `` greece the awesome '' . 
  it 's a word synonymous with national pride , but also a word generally used for extreme greeknes . 
  in keeping with the tradition of r/murica , the first letter is dropped . 
  the way greek works a lamda needs to be dropped as well . 
  and as such r/ladara was born . 
  \u039b\u03b1\u03b4\u03ac\u03c1\u03b1 also sounds like `` awesome oil '' . 
  which is why initially the symbol of the sub was a tenekes . 
  a bulk oil container .
