  at this point the only reason for someone to not provide this service is to tax evade . 
  seeing how it 's already technically legal in greece and it 's only a matter on altering the law slightly so that the courts can give the ok , i 'd add greece to that list . 
  is it though ? 
  israel does n't even have civil partnerships yet , and i also think this government is a little too conservative for that , do n't you think ? 
  til that a sucstantial minority of football fans are morons / s, 
  not really . 
  thats how you would translate them , it 's just funny cause it 's out of context . 
  and for the red ones we have no idea anyway . 
  i wanted to include the tram lines and the suburban railway cause i think their names are even more hilarious still , but they 're too many , and doing it on a map is impossible . 
  so metro for now . 
  because it has become sort of a downtown for south-eastern athens since the planes left and more so now that they are planning to rebuilt it . 
  and its not under construction anymore , it 's operational . 
  thank you so much . 
  i could n't find shit other than it 's naming like that had something to do with a battle with the ottomans , probably named likewise by them . 
  0.15 % of gdp is estimated to be what 's missing just from vat every year , which is extremely substantial , but also the easiest tax to ensure that it makes it through . 
  if you come to greece for your vacation , please use contactless card for your payments . 
  use it for everything , and avoid everyone who does n't accept payments with it like the plague . 
  this also applies to locals . 
  i do n't disagree with that , either . 
  maybe the whole of cyprus should have a joint sovereign wealth fund and put oil money in there . 
  but at the end of the day a country has to provide for its citizens and noone else . 
  if northerners are so fervently opposed being part of the legitimate free and democratic government of all cypriots , they should n't be getting anything from it , either . 
  so what , if they have a vested interest they should n't have an opinion ? 
  sure . 
  your country has a vested interest , therefore no opinion , k bye !, 
  serious question : why ? 
  what has the north ever done to invest or foster or plan for the infrastructure , diplomacy and machinery necessary to drill in the eastern mediterranean ? 
  answer : nothing . 
  taxpayers in the south have invested 100 % of the infrastructure in taxes and they should be putting 100 % of the revenue directly into their sovereign wealth fund , and if they get a cent less than that they should reject any deal of unification with the north . 
  in reality it 's neither a big market nor a big deal . 
  forest cover . 
  i would like to know what makes it so that albania has so little forest cover even though climatically and in terms of land features it is indistinguishable for that part of greece and from montenegro , so if anyone knows i would love you to explain this . 
  you know what ? 
  fuck climate change . 
  we should be switching to renewable energy to lessen our dependence on energy imports regardless , to boost a key industry that we 've been the leaders of for a while now and to improve public health . 
  renewable are happening . 
  it is the only logical and long term viable energy source . 
  the faster we take on the transition , the better , and europe is actually for the most part there anyway , more than 90 % of all new energy added is from renewable sources and old power plants are increasingly phased out . 
  yes , this is correct i think . 
  and the southern countries are predicted to have substantial growth figures as well in the next decade as public finances have stabilized , which will further drive demand up which will drive manufacturing in the north , the people of which will hopefully start traveling more and retiring to the south drive services here as we 've seen happen in the past . 
  and with britain out maybe we can more easily make the kind of deals to end dependence on foreign factors , such as a greater push for moving to renewables , and to end dependence on foreign oil and gas , and with the eu military alliance we could at the very least save a lot of money . 
  things are not gloomy for the eu in the bigger picture by any means . 
  [ hello there neighbor !, 
  the church before the split was called the `` one , holy , catholic and apostolic '' church . 
  which is what both the orthodox and the catholic churches still technically call themselves . 
  catholic in greek roughly means `` that which is common to all '' orthodox in greek roughly means `` the correct faith , philosophy or practice '' the idea is that : the catholics think they are orthodox and catholic and that the orthodox are n't catholic . 
  and the orthodox think they are catholic and orthodox and that the catholics are n't orthodox . 
  this information is outdated . 
  this is a developing story and as such you should always look to post the latest information . 
  here is the latest bulletin from [ ert ] ( http://www.ert.gr/844260-2/ ) translation :  6 more people of serbian origin were arrested during night raids from the zakynthos police , as suspects for the fatal beating of 22 yo american at lagana at the early hours of friday  according to the report , the police raided the hotel where the 6 serbs were spending their night and they did n't resist arrest . 
  they were identified by security camera videos from the bar and neighboring stores . 
   in that video it appears that they were hitting the unlucky man , and the police were shocked to realize that they some of them did n't stop even after the young man had fallen unconscious . 
   since yesterday , 2 people are held from the zakynthos police , ** british nationals of greek and serbian origin ** , both suspected for the killing of the young man . 
  they will be speaking with the prosecutor by the end of the day . 
   the body of the victim is being sent to patras for autopsy . 
  we have officially reached the point where common sense has to be delivered behind bulletproof glass . 
  good job , world . 
   came here expecting the usual far right reaftonaries and their usual propaganda smearing shit and trying to change subject on what a shame this g20 is being towards the future of our planet and was n't disappointed in the slightest . 
  let 's assume it is . 
  how does acting like this change anything even remotely ? 
  at first glance the whole of it even looks like some sort of an open view venue . 
  i think this whole image is incredibly composed for some reason . 
  we 're not responsible for the wars either , k , bye !, 
  because flaming the cars of random citizens is totally a valid form of protest / s, 
  most medium size cities do n't have full scale underground metros but light-rail or trams . 
  you need roughly 2 million people or more in a metropolitan area to make a metro system pay for itself . 
  most metro systems , like most cities , are coastal or next to rivers , and therefore are dug under the water level . 
  techniques for drilling and digging underwater are known since the early 1900s when the first underground mass transit systems of europe were built . 
   europol should post on 4chan they would get replies like  had a nice fap ...  post nudes !, 
  i mean ... 
  it 's 4chan , man . 
  this is absurd . 
  this is basically like if you and i decided to open a business together . 
  i come in and put all the assets , such as the building , infrastructure , and even the customer base for my previous business of the same nature , and you come in and bring in ... nothing . 
  which is fine , the more the merrier , but how is it in any way ok for you to ask for 50 % of the profits , then ? 
  i am really not for denying turkish cypriots access to oil . 
  but this is nonsensical . 
  a unified cyprus should put its oil revenue in a sovereign wealth fund and use if for the benefit of all its citizens , not to use as a means to enrich one ethnic community at the expense of another . 
  status quo is n't necessarily bad for southern cypriots . 
  you threw the annan plan in the garbage where it belongs and you should do the same for every deal that asks you to give up anything for unification . 
  cyprus is in any case a free , sovereign and prospering country . 
  either they participate or they fuck off . 
  you should n't give them a fucking inch . 
  and the sources for that would be ? 
  and what are those , please enlighten me . 
  why would 20 % of the population get 50 % of the oil revenue . 
  especially when the oil is n't found `` around '' the island . 
  it 's in the south . 
  where the government there has invested heavily in research , equipment and all the infastracture for extracting and shipping it . 
  and now you want 50 % of the revenue ? 
  how much did it take you to come up with this shit ? 
  no i really do n't get what you mean . 
  in your fantasy land maybe 50 % of cypriots are turks , and 50 % of cypriot industry is turkish but that 's not what happens in reality . 
   eu interests . 
  the promotion of human rights and the rule of law ? 
  and that is bad ... how exactly ? 
  is n't it kinda short sited to play interest games on the backs of others ? 
  have you asked turkish cypriots if they want to forever be marginalized on a rogue state ? 
  or do you think that they will forever just sit there and take your shit ? 
  if turkish cypriots need defending from anything , it 's not greek cypriots or greeks , but this bullshit attitude of `` we 're going to interfere in a foreign country to protect our interest '' , that never ends well .
