  every properly adjusted person should handle comments , be it positive or negative . 
  gender should n't matter . 
  i am upvoting this so we can laugh at you in the top page . 
  fission is a terrible idea though . 
  we 're talking at timescales of thousands of years for storing nuclear waste vs a hundred years to transition to green energy and its even possible to reverse climate change by then . 
  it 's only co2 at the end of the day . 
  if our energy needs are met in the future without pumping it into the air we can then figure out ways to get it out of there to pre-industrial levels . 
  no nuclear power plants should be built until reliable fusion technology is available . 
  i do n't know . 
  does greece and bulgaria do this ? 
  i think our history textbooks are pretty interchangable . 
  and pretty interchangable with other european textbooks overall if not for focusing more on this area of europe . 
  i do n't like this false equivilancy . 
  it makes sense to me that this is the case . 
  if you have data to back this up or refute this , i would love to see it . 
  in any case i do n't take it as fact and this is not the point of what i said . 
  i wonder if there is correlation between gun ownership and suicide rates though , as suicides attempted by gun are more likely to be successful than other methods . 
  this is a bigger problem in almost all of these countries than homicides . 
  also i do n't think this graph is accurate , either . 
  in the case of greece with the dual ownership system ( \u03bf\u03c0\u03bb\u03bf\u03ba\u03b1\u03c4\u03bf\u03c7\u03ae license for ownership and limited use for hunting , and \u03bf\u03c0\u03bb\u03bf\u03c6\u03bf\u03c1\u03af\u03b1 - license to carry around weapons as part of your work ) the actual weapons per capita are a much higher number , about 20 % , rather than just 4 % . 
  i can only imagine that for other countries similar mistakes in methodology are made , if any methodology was applied at all and this is n't rectum derived , which graphs about gun ownership often are . 
  it 's not like i am disputing the fact that homicide is not linked to guns per capita . 
  even though this graph does n't convince me at all , i am still sure that those two things are not linked much in the same way the number of dogs in a country is n't correlated with the numbers of drug trafficking arrests . 
  rather than comparing two unrelated statistics just to prove a point , let 's examine not the number of firearms per capita but rather the rate of access to firearms , as in , remove gun collectors and museums and military stock from the equation , and give us the number of people per thousand that actually have access to working guns vs those who do n't . 
  and rather than merely homicide one should examine all injuries and deaths that result from the use of firearms . 
  i would be extremely surprised if there was n't a correlation between the two in that hypothetical graph . 
  in fact i would be surprised if there was n't 1-1 causation relationship between the two . 
   bringing experts and analysts into the discussion [ you 're wasting your time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gggigtjk7ma ), 
  it 's not like i am against this or against gun ownership , in general . 
  but i would have to say it 's hard to see people from the us identify with this czech law because it is literally what second amendment nuts do n't want . 
  you need multiple background checks as well as training to get a gun . 
  which is to say exactly what is needed : treating human life and the potential dangers to it with respect and competence , while preserving the rights of individuals to do whatever they want so long as they are not a danger to others . 
  you know what pisses me off ? 
  in the 1980s civil marriage was introduced in greece and the bill was worded very delibaretely to not mention in any way the words man or woman . 
  the whole point of civil marriage according to law makers at the time was to reject established religious views about marriage and to allow any two adults to mary without being rejected by the church for their convictions . 
  and then the supreme court fucked it up . 
  they decided in their completely finate wisdom that mayors have the right to refuse to mary gay people . 
  and then when mayors started not refusing to marrying gay people , they decided that mayors could n't actually decide after all , and stroke down otherwise perfectly valid and legal marriages . 
  same sex marriage has technically been legal in greece for decades , it 's just not performed because according to the supreme court nobody has the right to perform it currently , and political parties as well as public opinion shifted on the issue dying the 90s and christodoulos era . 
  which i guess was the whole point since the flag was supposed to be inoffensive and not divisive . 
  since both communities and the world at large seem to hate it equally , i say : job well done . 
  switzerland even not a member of the eu , is in the schengen area and the single market . 
  as a result of that , there are no real borders between italy and switzerland , for people , or for goods . 
  that border would either have to somehow be enforced , or the uk would have to have open borders with the eu . 
  edit : also , cyprus has built owns and operates infrastructure in the uk and the uk in cyprus , and everyone as well as everything is generally all over the place . 
  [ it 's happening ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_med_group#/media/file:eu-med_group.png ), 
  rude . 
  also you know very well that if turkey ever does anything fishy here or in cyprus we already depend on the army of at least the other mediterranean countries , if not europe as a whole . 
  honestly , do whatever you want with it , i do n't care if you have orgies or host reality shows in it either . 
  so long as you do n't plaster over or destroy millennia old iconography again , that 's why we care !, 
  i 'll just leave the italian [ suicide prevention hotline ] ( http://www.telefonoamico.it/index.php ) here in case anyone needs it . 
  or just vardaria , which is a kick-ass name anyway . 
   my local government `` donated '' three truckloads of stones to build a local church as well as manpower for two weeks . 
  and it 's up to you to write to them or call them and say to them : this is not how i think my taxes should be spent . 
  go ahead and do it , if you do n't do n't expect anything to change . 
   it 's a business with more than 10000 employees that are payed for by the government . 
  it 's ludicrous  the gains from that share in national are either being taxed as much as any other shareholder or go to the government directly so i do n't know what 's your problem with the church owning assets . 
  it 's the state that gets the money at the end of the day anyway . 
  it 's like you ca n't read . 
  are you trolling or something ? 
  it 's not like i do n't get what you 're saying , i just do n't see how brussels should they want to , wont find a way to make it work in the end . 
  fuck do i have to say the same thing to 100 people ? 
  it 's literally in the same thread . 
  there :  allow me , as an atheist who just happens to know shit , to explain to you how church and state relations work in greece : in 1850 , the church of greece relinquished all claims to civil authority as well as the proceeds of their lands and gave it all away to the national government . 
  in return , they requested that the government compensate them annually by not taxing their proceeds more than 40 % ( i am not sure about the number there ) , by not interfering in their internal affairs and by providing salaries to the priesthood . 
  the government actually does amazingly from this , as the proceeds from ecclesiastical land , and the land itself which the government often sells vastly outnumber the taxes that the church would have paid had this deal never been made . 
  and the priests salaries is a fair compensation for the rest . 
  ever wonder why our beloved creditors have mostly left this seemingly wasteful tradition alone ? 
  it 's because it 's not wasteful . 
  the church actually contributes hundreds of millions every year directly into the budget . 
  it 's like they 're paying for themselves and then some . 
  we can discuss the ethics of having this system all you want , in theory , as an atheist i think we should probably sacrifice this revenue to get the church off our constitution once and for all . 
  but the reality that the church is actually beneficial to the state financially and that your taxes are actually lower because of this arrangement can not be overlooked . 
  edit : also no government , even pms and cabinets who have been irreligious or straight up atheist like tsipras , have never actually steeped up to challenge this deal . 
  it 's not because it 's political suicide , either , greek politicians seemingly commit political suicide more often than they have dinner , it 's because they can actually see the money poring in . 
  the government does not finance the orthodox church in any way shape or form , and it should n't finance any other either . 
  i just explained to you above that it does n't . 
  go into the budget and try finding one listing of a church construction or even a donation to one . 
  it just is n't there . 
  churches are built by donations from the fateful which is why it takes forever . 
  and yet britain somehow got opt outs in the first place . 
  i am sure they can cherry pick again , and it would be a great political move from brussels to have them back in , too . 
  if they need it how about financing it on their own ? 
  i think the article fails to mention that these are just the extra properties of the church that were acquired outside and after the deal and that 's why they are subject to taxation . 
  and that the church contributes more than this , through revenue from now public lands that the government would n't otherwise get . 
  fuck other cultures and religions . 
  it 's not like i can stop them for being shitheads , just as they have the right to believe and say this utter garbage , i have the right to reply with : eat fucking shit !, 
  you 're probably wrong !, 
  you want to respect cultures ? 
  how about respecting secular culture , the scientific method and actually using your fucking brain ? 
  we exist therefore we must have been created/s, 
  actually , while there is a mountain of evidence of evolution from all fields that deal with biology , it 's actually interesting to see what new fossils tell us about the evolutionary record . 
  we understand the mechanism of evolution very well , but we 're still often astonished by fossils that do n't quite are where we would expect them in the fossil record . 
  like all real science , evolutionary biology makes strides and changes all the time , and we are learning new things constantly . 
  is n't it actually sort of remarkable that the orthodox christian clergy is n't going full retard on creationism like other denominations are ? 
   is there anything the rest of europe can do ? 
  not really . 
  i do think we 'll see them back at some point though . 
   i wonder how many churches and how many orthodox priest salaries my taxes have payed for . 
  none .
