  they did n't take a single piece of what was inside our museums before the war including the parthenon marbles . 
  that isnt to say that the axis did n't do irreplaceable damage to exposed antiquities or did n't take antiquities they themselves excavated , and were still finding them to this day . 
  but what if they captured london instead of athens ? 
  would the elgin marbles fair as well as the parthenon marbles , here ? 
  the property of soveirns is soveirn property by definition . 
  he was generously compensated by the republic , and was allowed to take ownership of all of his belongings minus the land , even though nothing was paid by him but by parliament . 
  remember , we are talking about a king who blatantly legitimated a coup , a royal family who was never wanted here , one that rigged multiple republican referendums for a century to stay heads of state . 
  having this person complain about his human rights is laughable . 
  he only sought out compensation in a desperate attempt to be legitimized and to this day he refuses to pick a first and last name for his greek citizenship because he insists on identifying with some of his titles which the greek constitution forbids . 
  hearing pro monarchy shit like this from a brit makes me wish cromwell was still around . 
  as of the rest i wo n't even comment . 
  i am sorry for this , i will be more careful with those things in the future . 
  i personally think that this is somewhat of a slippery slope fallacy but even if it were true , it 's not really much an argument . 
  even if it creates a precedent , it 's not necessarily a bad one . 
  of course if you do the right thing once you are expected to do it again , that 's how it goes . 
  or even some originals , so they can have a more representative and even more valuable exhibit of ancient greek art . 
  i do n't see how building museums and hosting the olympic games are bad things . 
  that 's what we do here . 
  the olympic stadiums and infrastructure paid for itself in the following 10 years , and museums are a big source of revenue for the state . 
  i am not saying that we could n't have spent those 10 billion euros elsewhere , but i am sure that when you have a national debt of more than 300 billion , the problem certainly is n't those 10 billion euros that you ended up making back anyway . 
  it may have been the icing , but it was n't the cake . 
  i would n't have a problem with that but i reckon many people would , not just greeks . 
  not only is the acropolis museum in close proximity with the actual parthenon and can be seen from the parthenon floor , but it 's also a much more though out place for the exhibition of the marbles and it was specifically designed to host all the findings from the acropolis unlike the british museum . 
  it would also suck knowing that a museum which cost greek taxpayers hundreds of millions of euros is now empty in such a prominent part of athens . 
  the title of the piece is actually correct . 
  parliament really did buy them from lord elgin , nobody disputes that , but i edited it anyway so to not be ostracized by other greeks should they find their way here . 
   ok , then move the parthenon to london . 
  honestly , imo , it 's better than what we have now . 
  i would n't have a problem with that . 
  i 'd probably visit london too if this were to happen . 
  it would n't exactly sit well that we spent hundreds of millions of euros making one of the worlds top rated museums for it to be left empty all of a sudden , but i honestly would prefer what 's best for the art piece over what 's best for the budget or for tourism any day . 
  be it that the british government would have to create a whole new exhibition for the entire piece that does n't exist now , and it would most likely be a temporary arrangement . 
  and it has the disadvantage of not being close to the actual parthenon . 
  but i could absolutely live with that for a start . 
  i think its 10 % greek nationalism and 90 % what a bummer that it 's impossible to appreciate in whole , one of the most important and replicated buildings of all time ... 
  ok , yeah , i forgot the / s , but is n't sarcasm obvious sometimes ? 
  i do n't exactly disagree with this notion , i think it 's important for people all around the world to witness greek artifacts , and greek authorities seem to agree with me , seeing that there are greek artifacts in literally every freaking museum in the western world . 
  i just do n't feel the same logic applies to the parthenon marbles . 
  legal or not , moral or not , the fact is that what was a single piece of art , one of the most important in the western tradition no less , is now split in two . 
  it would be like half the mona lisa was displayed in paris and half in new york . 
  what is even the point of displaying fragments of a work ? 
  what would the sagrada familia be if the nativity facade was moved to moschow ? 
  what would the brandenburg gate be if one horse was moved to a museum in lisbon ? 
  yes , i think the parthenon marbles should be reunited , not just for historical or moral reasons but most importantly for artistic ones . 
  the parthenon is one building , and its adornments are a single piece of art made by one artist . 
  i do n't think it 's right for any government or museum to stand in the way of young architects who want to study the adornments of the parthenon with the acropolis in view . 
  this is the most replicated building in the world for gods sake !, 
  this always has been the number 1 reason why many prominent people want the sculptures reunified , and why i think sooner or later they will , simply by public outcry from the rest of the world . 
  like getting you a better brexit deal ? 
  we were really hoping that we could finally get rid of drunk brits in our resorts with brexit but if it 's for the marbles i am sure we can do something ... / s, 
  this is n't the first time that a legally owned relic of immense significance was returned to greece . 
  want an example ? 
  do n't look too far . 
  look at your flag . 
  that 's right . 
  [ in the orthodox cathedral of saint andrews patras in southern greece , sits the cross of saint andrews ] ( http://mynima-hellas.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/pan_0577.jpg ) . 
  yes . 
  the actual cross of saint andrews , probably the most important relic in christendom that survives to this day . 
  this was n't always the case , however . 
  in 1208 , the 4rth crusade sacked constantinople , and replaced the emperor with their own latin administration . 
  the occupying force gave the cross to the duke of burgundy as a gift of recognition , and it ended up in the hands of the catholic church , ** legally ** . 
  this , among with other artifacts of saint andrews that later were brought to italy , were the legitimate property of the pope of rome and considered by many to be his most important relics . 
  after 7 centuries and after the plead of the greek archbishop and the patriarch of constantinople , pope paul vi in 1964 ordered that all the relics of saint paul that had been brought from greece to the vatican , be given to the greek government . 
  not only was a historical mistake fixed , but this action created the movement of neo-ecumenism , which saw to reunite the 2 churches after a thousand years . 
  occupying forces have long given away cultural artifacts to others for profit or for other reasons . 
  but just because something is legal does n't mean it is moral . 
  and just because time passes it does n't mean that people forget . 
  can greece also into slavic ? 
   i thank the greeks from the bottom of my heart he said . 
  salt much ? 
  it 's football . 
  it does n't matter who plays better , in the end the ball has to touch the nets . 
  italy y u no get trophies too ? 
  bravo , though . 
  i was rooting for portugal . 
  this . 
  veto is in 99 % of the cases a negotiating tool , not an actual strategy . 
  we could veto that . 
  majority of greeks want the sanctions removed and do n't feel that the eu should tell us who to sell our goods to and who we should n't , but it 's still far more valuable to not be isolated in the eu because of that decision . 
  so all of you guys automatically think that this is done in retaliation to the eu , instead of the need for affortable millitiary hardware . 
  yeah , no . 
  if it 's built by eiffel steel , and it a tower , it 's an eifel tower , right ? 
  then [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/05/viaduc-millau_pile-p2_eiffel.svg/2000px-viaduc-millau_pile-p2_eiffel.svg.png ) is the tallest eiffel tower . 
  debt really does gets more expensive in the future though . 
  if interest rises it does for all the debt not just new debt . 
  what today looks totally sustainable may become a real burden , and for reasons that have nothing to do with spain . 
  and that 's why interest could very well rise again . 
  have you ever been so frustrated with a province that you dig a canal just so you can split it from the european mainland ? 
  [ athenians have ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/corinth_canal_inauguration_by_volanakis.jpg ) . 
  do n't test out temper , subject . 
  you 've met a western turk . 
  they are an increasingly small and fine bunch . 
  it 's mostly to do with the fact that we send back to turkey everyone that crosses , thanks to the deal , and that we deport people in the meantime . 
  but it 's also to do with this :  greece is actually one of the worst places to live in on this planet if you are a muslim . 
  this is actually pretty true , and it is by design . 
  greece was a country born of so much anti-muslim sentiment after ottoman rule that for centuries discrimination against muslims was the norm and straight up institutional . 
  and in many aspects it still is institutional , and that 's not necessarily a bad thing imo , i am an atheist btw . 
  also this is pretty laughable :  economic turmoil in greece lol . 
  yes , greece is somewhat bad today for greek and western european standards but [ it 's paradise compared to where they come from ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/countries ) . 
   refugees are flooding greece ...
