  i hope those downvoting me are ok with this simple fact . 
  depends on where you stand . 
  it 's easy to list achievements of the european union , it 's much harder to see how those achievements have actually benefited greece these past 40 years . 
   the single market lead to an extremely non-diverse economy dependent on imports , and tourism , which , on the first hurdle , naturally crashed . 
   freedom of movement made it haste free for many bright people to leave the country . 
  and this coupled with the fact that low skill workers from eastern europe to flood the country in the 90s , and many more came in between 2004-2008 , put enormous strain in our public services , from which we still have n't recovered , and likely never will . 
   the euro was fundamentally flawed when it was implemented , and even the biggest advocates of it will tell you that it was fundamentally incomplete back then and that we absolutely should n't have rushed to join it when we did , and certainly not in the way that we did ( by offloading national debt to 3rd parties essentially hiding it ) . 
   the dublin agreements are really damaging for periphery countries such as mine , effectively all the immigrants that enter into the schengen potentially could only apply for asylum and stay here and in italy at the discretion of other countries at any point . 
  which is n't to say that there are no positives for being in the eu . 
  european peace for half a century , access to cheap quality products , development funds , many organizations such as esa and cern , easy travel , and much , much more . 
  and it 's not like some of the problems above did n't exist in some form here to begin with , but the eu has been so slow to react to crisis , so fundamentally divided on these important issues and so incapable of solving even basic problems at the end of the day , that every aspect of it had turned out to be incomplete in the most damaging way for us until very recently . 
  and if we could made a serious and accurate cost benefit analysis 40 years ago and predict these outcomes , it 's not totally clear that we should have joined . 
  do n't take this as a rejection of the union . 
  i am a firm believer in the european project and i would fight tooth and nail to keep my country in the european union should the issue arise . 
  all i am saying is that the union has issues , issues felt more in some places than others . 
  and those issues have largely not been addressed . 
  we have this beautiful phenomenon in the mediterranean called dry storms . 
  which are basically thunderstorms with no rain . 
  fun stuff . 
   this was a publicly owned building what the actual fuck !? 
  how can a publicly owned building not meet basic safety standards and be renovated with unsafe material the use of which in construction has been deemed illegal ? 
  are n't there lists of expenses for public projects available to the public in the uk ? 
  i really love [ this picture ] ( http://www.esa.int/spaceinimages/images/2016/06/mediterranean_wonders ) esa took with the sentinel-3a , i 'll also let this nice lady [ explain it to you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4v1wfpkogaq ) . 
  enjoy . 
  no it would n't . 
  i am talking about taxes ( \u03a6\u03cc\u03c1\u03bf\u03b9 ) as in income tax , estate taxes , corporate tax and unit taxes for the shipping companies . 
  the public sector has income from other sources , such as state run businesses , co-pays in public hospitals and public insurance payments . 
  but for obvious reasons this portion of the revenue is n't exactly directed to what we call discresionay spending . 
  so when we 're talking about state revenue , we usually exclude those sources , and keep only taxes in . 
   what about foreign investment . 
  nobody is going to invest in a country when the country next door has 1/5 or a quarter less taxes . 
  it 's not like we want to drive foreign investment away . 
  even now that expenditures are vastly lower than before , taxes are still high , so the motives for investing in greece are really non-existent , and there really is n't anything we different can do while this colossal debt burden exists . 
  and btw , that 's 4 % of gdp , not just the budget . 
  in 2016 , it was 3.9 % . 
  that 's almost 15 % of all money collected in taxes , not going into any services whatsoever . 
  by 2020 , that number would be close 20 % . 
  that 's insane . 
  that 's 1/5 of the tax revenue going exclusively to service debt for the next 40 years or more . 
  that burden is n't leaving any room for growth . 
  it just is n't . 
  europe must decide whether they want greece paying debt or growing , because at this point you ca n't have both . 
  i do n't see any pink elephant projects though . 
  except maybe the olympics , but we 're talking about 100s of billions here , not 6 . 
  seems like we 're not in prum either . 
  actually when the esm was made it was supposed to be a separate treaty for the entire eu but now it 's only for the eurozone because a special snowflake complained about it . 
  can you guess which country that was ? 
  [ the sahara invades !, 
  we are , but out footprint is very large for our size . 
  [ here is greece with all its extreme points placed in the center of europe . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ekubk ) and as of size , greece is bigger than england , which has a 5 times bigger population . 
  tomorrow is friday , is n't it ? 
  let 's see how low greek 10 year bonds go . 
  let 's see if the markets like this deal . 
  greece actually gets a lot of snow in places we call mountains , they look like [ this ] ( http://maxpixel.freegreatpicture.com/static/photo/1x/taygetos-winter-mountains-greece-snow-77166.jpg ), 
   member states also agreed to include an extension of average weighted maturities and the deferral of interest payments on some greek bailout loans by as much as 15 years . 
  the measures will be triggered next year , to the extent that this will be deemed necessary by a debt sustainability analysis . 
  honestly this is more than i personally expected . 
  the anti discrimination laws arent a `` free for all '' `` i can do what i want '' in someone else 's private property . 
  it stops the government and businesses from systematically discriminating in employment and service based on religion , race , sexual orientation and gender identity . 
  they dont stop private individuals from discrimination , even systematic , with regards to someom0ne elses private property . 
  it 's their sincere belief and their property . 
  and if they think you or i have no biusness in it , then we do n't . 
  grow up and get over it . 
  at the end of the day it 's their land . 
  that they own . 
  you ca n't do much about it . 
  there are legal mosques in greece in some provinces . 
  in others there used to be laws that forbid the establishment of mosques or the use of ottoman mosques . 
  these laws were struck down by the supreme court , but it 's still up to municipalities to licence mosques or not . 
  in the case of athens the national government is even funding a mosque if you somehow have n't heard of the massive controversy on that . 
  still no minaret thought . 
  minarets are banned in the south of greece . 
  it 's complicated . 
  athos is n't any different to a self governing territory or colony , really . 
  there is a place dalled puerto rico look it up . 
  also the city of london gets the same special rights from time immemorial . 
  its really no different than those cases . 
  its just a self governing place under greek ruke whose citisens dont vote in greek elections , issue their own immigration papers and make their own laws . 
  this is n't unique to greece and is n't unprecedented in the slightest . 
  some places just have a long history and do n't bother anyone . 
  it 's either you let them do their own thing or they become a microstate . 
  that 's what sharia is . 
  it 's a law that applies to muslims . 
  keyword : a law . 
  as in , it 's in the books . 
   moreover , the problem here seems to have less to do with the lausanne treaty itself and more with greece 's legal implementation of the treaty . 
  which is to say , the decision to maintain some ottoman laws that applied to muslims before the area was incorporated into greek juristiction . 
  the supreme court ( there is n't one in greece but let 's say that the areopagus is the supreme court ) decided that the greek civil code was in conflict with the provincial laws the muslim community has from time immemorial . 
  and the court simply decided that local laws from time immemorial can not be precedded without the concent of those affected . 
  thus the civil code does n't automatically apply . 
  and it 's left up to the family to figure it out . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with this system , i think that as far as minority rights go , this goes a little too far . 
  but , if the eu court challenges it , it would set a terrible precedent . 
  mount athos gets its power through a pumped up version of this system . 
  without immemorial law preceding national law , suddently the constitution would have to apply in mount athos , and athonians will simply declare independence . 
  nevermind that countless ownership decrees , eclesiastic law from as far back as the 10th century still apply in some greek provinces including the very island and on which i live and my own property , which is technically owned by a monastery because of a decree in the 1600s . 
  these could become void if such a ruling is to happen . 
  it 's a big bag of worms . 
  and it 's far more complicated than this case .
