  they sat down , picked favorites , declared that all nearby colors to favorites talked about it . 
  borrowed color names for their neighbors etc , picked favorite color pallets based on their surroundings etc. 
  and since every culture did both things slightly differently , cultures arbitrarily ended up with different sets of notes or colors they can describe . 
  so you could have very easily lived in a world where the pitches had names but the average person would think its dumb to have names for colors because nobody cares . 
  tl ; dr : color does n't actually exist which is why it did n't come originally with language , it is an add-on . 
  and you did n't ask for it ... why ? 
  that 's cute . 
  it 's like asking if we 're speaking english or american . 
   they also may not count greece as western europe  it would n't make much difference . 
  not many bulgarian here nowadays . 
  yes but if new energy is renewable , and electric cars will require additional energy to be added to the grid , that energy will be renewable energy . 
  no , i mean the year to year change . 
  meh , corruption wise its getting better at least . 
  the debt is the issue now . 
  we 're like a person who bought a huge ass house that we utterly ca n't afford now . 
  of course our finances are shit . 
  they have a quite uniform 25 % vat , and we have ... 23 % . 
  big deal . 
  and if anyone has obscure taxes on top of this , it 's us ( greece in particular ) . 
  and the real issue is n't that we 're paying more in taxes , it 's that we get little in return for our taxes . 
  really am i to believe than in just a year , 2 % of the entire bulgarian population emigrated ? 
  what are the sources for this ? 
  actually the turkish army is pretty shit overall for a country of this size . 
  it 's been damaged a lot by erdogans purge too , and it 's overall still not as well equipped as it should be . 
  yeah , it 's a lot of soldiers , but when it comes to actual striking capability or what it takes to invading the european mainland , it 's actually a whole lot of nothing . 
  unrelated : these are some small fucking crenelations , any swedish person care to explain what this gate it ? 
  no breakdown for countries ? 
  to be fair , that does n't render eu regulations completely baseless , there is good science behind diesel . 
  it is greener than alternatives , releases less particulate matter and overall has some very significant advantages , ** in theory ** . 
  what 's changed since those regulations is that now , 90 % of all new energy added to the grid in europe is renewable . 
  thus we should shift our focus to be subsidizing only electric vehicles . 
   it was mostly the same government as the roman empire so was the roman republic . 
  and it was more of an empire than the byzantine empire . 
  and we do n't call it an empire . 
   they had lost most of turkey by 1100 , but they still had basically all the coast of turkey for a while after . 
  they had n't lost most of turkey because there was n't a turkey . 
  this is more than a thousand years ago , not today . 
  [ the average of the byzantine empire for more than a thousand years ] ( http://kids.kiddle.co/images/9/90/byzantineempire867ad4lightpurple.png ) was pretty much the majority of historic greek regions of the eastern mediterranean , with very few foreign subjects which is why lately , some historians even go as far as to avoid calling it an empire . 
  because it really was n't . 
  if you think about it , it 's not that bad , since the difference between u1 and u6 unemployment is so small , that means that the lion share of work in greece is full time work , impressive for a country with a lot of tourism . 
   the byzantine empire had some ruling empresses . 
  what country is that ? 
  greece ? 
  bulgaria ? 
  albania ? 
  macedonia ? 
  after the 7th century the byzantine empire was ... 
  pretty much greece . 
  it 's a technicality , but still , she is considered the first female pm of greece , no other pm in the future will ever be considered that , so i think you should be counting acting pms , it 's not a big deal anyway . 
  i am not a christian but i really like it that orthodox churches are filled with paintings everywhere you look . 
  i do n't care about the theological aspect , it 's just plain cool in my opinion . 
  and i also love it how the very architecture matches the paintings perfectly . 
  that must have took fucking effort to get a building shaped like that just to have the perfect irregular canvas to draw upon . 
  catholics have it good too , especially those churches with awesome glasswork , pretty much achieve the same effect , but they are also more austere . 
  i do n't know , i really like the maximalist style , i think it fits this setting better than any other , and it 's really weird for me to see ottoman mosques based on orthodox churches that have the same maximalist form but with a minimalist sensibility . 
  i find it exceptionally weird , because this form is exceptionally weird and itself represents the creed of the christian faith , why would the muslims want to use it in the fist place ? 
  we 're number one in meeting friends , i see . 
  trans is neither a religion , ethnicity or sexual orientation . 
  many countries actually forbid discrimination among those fronts , in fact all eu countries must by law do that . 
  in greece gender identity is listed in it as well . 
  but it 's trickier than that . 
  for very valid reasons , trans people who receive hormones or who are not psychologically sound ( which is true for a dispoportionate amount of them compared to the general public ) may not be suitable for serving on the ground . 
  and that 's fine . 
  it 's not discrimination if most of them are judjed insufficient in their ability to serve by the same medical and psychological standards as anyone else . 
  so i think in reality the countries hihglighted have either substantially lower standards of who they accept into their armed forces or have an entire different process vetting trans people . 
  either way this is not something you want . 
  ideally you do n't want to trivialize the good work the millitary does , and in any case you want capable and phycologically sound people in it . 
  so while you should n't be banning trans people who meet the criteria from joining the millitary , you should n't be pushing for arbitrary quotas or arbitrary systems of entry either . 
  this must have taken a lot of time , but it 's not europe related , you should post it somewhere else . 
  so : 1 ) a person expected to be unfairly and disproportionately punished if they are extradited 2 ) requested asylum by the embassy or consulate of the country next door ** prior to entering it . 
  ** 3 ) seeing how it is a lawful and genuine case , he was granted permanent residency almost immediately . 
  4 ) he is now expected to find his way to greece to claim allowance , and even security if the authorities find it necessary . 
  can someone explain to me what 's so hard about that and why are hundreds of thousands of people not expected to do the same or similar ? 
  do n't be discouraged by the name . 
  vromiko is god-tier . 
  probably it 's because of the circumstances in which it is consumed , namely being shit-faced drunk and hungry out of this world , but in those situations it 's really heaven in a bun . 
  probably disgusting if you 're sober though , but i would n't know : chugs on whiskey :, 
  with socks ** yes i 've actually seen this . 
  me neither . 
  but yesterday i saw someone selling them as \u03a6\u03c5\u03b3\u03bf\u03ba\u03b5\u03bd\u03c4\u03c1\u03af\u03b4\u03b9\u03b1 ( angular momentum thingies ) so i had to buy one . 
  the power of marketing !, 
  which means they most likely are married . 
  no that 's actually incorrect . 
  its in no way required in church . 
  and it 's in no way required for moarning wifes to wear . 
  women can wear whatever they want including this , and it symbolizes absolutely nothing . 
  it 's muh secular values , and any clothing that covers the face should be banned , because it is utterly demeaning . 
  please do n't . 
  i scored 34/40 but it 's only because i happen to remember half the royal stuff from our history textbook back when we had the same royal family and the art things were easy to know/guess ... none of this actually makes me danish . 
  implying speaking like the sims ( dutch ) is in any way more embarrassing than chocking ( danish ) . 
   spray-cheez-in-a-can ... nah ... 
  there 's no way ... : googles : ** mother of god , these people are mental !, 
   buying a new and yet non-electric car in 2017 . 
  why , even ? 
  yes , but that does n't make it less orthodox in practice . 
  ask any priest . 
  armenian fateful are totally orthodox , it 's just their church that is n't . 
  theologically the two communions are identical . 
  they are all separate churches in communion to one another . 
  you do n't have to , but you can .
