  you can disagree with me and that 's fine . 
   even between north and south greece , mainland and the islands , crete and other provinces there is a culture difference by your standard . 
  absolutely . 
  culture is mostly a matter of historical and geographical circumstances . 
  as an aegean islander i am often baffled by the mountainous mainland culture . 
  but it 's still a mild cultural divide compared to greece and our neighbours . 
  i still do n't think that . 
  you can think that as an outsider but in my experience being greek and watching greek news for example , a protest in spain is far more likely to get covered than the fyr macedonian equivilant . 
  an election in portugal will get multiple half hour segments and polls and all , an election in albania will probably get a footnote the day afterwards . 
  i know it does n't make much sense looking at a map but we 're rather indeferent to what happens north of our borders . 
  even the macedonian name dispute and the yugoslav wars were met with apathy and still largely are . 
  let me just comment on `` politics '' something happening in portugal or any eu med country would absolutely be more relevant to greece than something happening in albania or fyr macedonia . 
  in the past decades our country has made far more contact and links with those countries than our balkan neighbors . 
  as of the rest , yeah sure , but even then west and east do n't necessarily boil down to this kind of culture in my opinion . 
  there is a word that i would use to describe the difference between the rest of the balkans and greece , its `` idiosyncrasy '' which helpfully is exported to english , and i can only hope it means the same thing , cause i ca n't even find words to translate it . 
  of course , none of this really makes sense in the modern world . 
  what we 're basically doing right now is judging people based on the culture of their grandfathers . 
  i figure as a computer scientist i have more in common with the average estonian programmer than with the average greek in terms of lifestyle . 
  this whole `` spot the similarities and differences '' game really makes no sense anymore . 
  it 's been 3 helicopter accidents in the past year now . 
  something must be going terribly wrong . 
  this is gon na be one epic game of civ 6 . 
   food , people , economy , social interactions , religion , politics , superstitions , traditions , language influence , behavior fuck me if that 's an argument that deserves a better response . 
  what i said , in a diagram : | mafia like | everyday --------- | ---------- | ---------- greece | yes | not really eastern europe | yes | yes what you understood : fuck if i know . 
   would anybody be able to do a quick rundown for those who are n't aware of him , other than his somewhat left wing policies ? 
  tl ; dr everyone is slowly coming to the realization that he is the worst prime minister in the history of greece . 
  in his 2 years as pm he : ( and i am leaving many things out ) failed to sign the final deal to get greece out of the 2nd program , has n't worked out a way to get greece into the ecbs qe , pretty much defaulted to the imf ( a big no no ) substantially raised taxes on businesses forcing the biggest foreclosures in our country 's history , halved the value of the stock market , called a useless referendum that polarized the entire country and then proceeded to not do as the people themselves have voted , was forced to sign a 3rd program , called elections before the implementation of said program , then proceeded to introduce further austerity measures but instead of targeting the public sector he substantially raised taxes on businesses and households , killing every last bit of the economy that was left , and in return , he is providing 0 political stability by constantly delaying the country 's obligations to creditors and negotiating peanuts while the country is sinking . 
  oh , and i also have a limit on my debit and credit card and ca n't even withdraw money from the bank or buy stuff online . 
  he and his administration is a total disaster , the laughing stock of all of europe ( if not the world ) and he and his party are basically unelectable . 
  do you know how to read ? 
  where did i say there was n't any ? 
  equating the targeted mafia-like political corruption in greece with the blatant everyday corruption of much of the eastern european world is n't really accurate . 
  greece has just been in a bad place in the past decade , worse that we 've ever been , while our northern neighbors have been best than they 've ever been . 
  that 's what you 're seeing . 
   food sure  people no  economy hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... 
  still no . 
   social interactions no . 
   religion it 's complicated . 
  i would say no . 
  the orthodox churches are n't a single church like the catholics , they 're more like the protestant churches at this point . 
  it 's the same general idea , but not all of them like each other . 
   politics oh hell naw  superstitions this is n't the middle ages  traditions kinda ... but not really . 
   language influence italy and greece wins in this one . 
  also basically greece and the entire west . 
   behavior i would shoot myself in the face before i squat god dammit !, 
  tl ; dr : from the point of view of an outsider , maybe , from our point of view ( of both us and of eastern europeans ) no . 
  to be fair we all know our llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogochs, 
  no , food depends on interaction . 
  for millennia we traded with persians , arabs and the turks , it 's only natural that they got some of our shit and we got some of theirs . 
  we got pita from the arabs for example , the oud from persia , etc. 
  you ca n't help it , for a thousand years with all those empires we were all over each other . 
  culture is more than that though . 
  take for example britain , they love indian food ( rightfully so ) , to the extent that it has pretty much become their national cuisine ( and they do it justice btw , if you ever find yourself in london get yourself some indian food ) . 
  does that mean there are `` cultural '' ties between britain and the indian subcontinent ? 
  note , not political , or economic , or a general friendship , but cultural ties . 
  the answer is no , you 'll be hardly pressed to find two places that are more different on this planet . 
  interaction is n't the same thing as culture . 
  culinary similarities is n't the same as culture ties . 
  i do n't really dig this but it is phenomenally made . 
  i would love to see a breakdown of us states and canadian provinces but i am not sure this data is even available . 
  sure . 
  then there can only be indirect debt forgiveness . 
  what 's the problem with that then ? 
  the efsf buying all the debt is very close to what is happening right now . 
   indirect debt forgiveness  direct debt forgiveness what difference does it make ? 
  there is a level of debt that the greek government can afford to pay back and many others above that that it ca n't . 
  why is to so hard to understand that : a ) yes , countries that bought greek debt in the past 6 years , you 're going to take a hit in a settlement . 
  you , for the most part , made a bad investment . 
  expecting to get all of your money with interest back magically is nonsense . 
  b ) that hit should n't have to be big or catastrophic . 
  just enough to allow businesses to run with a reasonable tax rate so that the private sector can finally grow again . 
  c ) greece going back to the drachma will lead to a complete economic collapse which will rather hinder its ability to repay you anything . 
  with the way it 's going , it 's most likely that european taxpayers wo n't see any of that money back . 
  is n't time for an honest compromise ? 
   how is that not just forgiving debt ? 
  honestly , everything that has been happening over the past 6 years could be considered to be debt forgiveness . 
  germany buying off debt at a fraction of the interest that is the market value and extending the maturity of that debt is absolutely debt forgiveness , especially in the long-term , and it has been happening already . 
  since the greek debt is utterly unsustainable , 2 things could happen from there , the greek government could either approach germany as a genuine creditor for a settlement ( which ca n't happen under eu treaties ) , or the debt transferred to a different managing authority , that 's what the efsf is . 
  the question whether or not the greek debt should or either could be possibly repaid has been answered already by all sides : no . 
  it 's mathematically impossible . 
  so debt forgiveness really can not be avoided anyway . 
  it has to happen . 
  the government is letting them rot . 
  look at it as downsizing . 
   already today , interests on european loans are returned to greece . 
  this is true and it 's not said often . 
  in essence if all of the bonds were held by the efsf , there would be no real debt problem in greece in the first place , since through that mechanism , the greek government pays interest mostly to themselves . 
  that means they can mostly roll back debt payments and focus on paying the actual debt rather than interest , meaning more flexibility , in turn the tax-burden on greek businesses could be substantially decreased , and so would the debt in the long-term , effectively eliminating any need for debt forgiveness . 
  but there has been fierce opposition to this eu-only solution by germany in particular , which i honestly can not understand . 
  it does n't even make political sense . 
   weird in a way that it is completely abolished in turkey do n't hold your breath . 
   9 months of military service it says , surely there 's also a 10 year residency period !, 
  no , there is n't . 
  according to the greek constitution , every able-bodied resident capable of bearing arms may choose to become a citizen at any point by serving in the armed forces . 
  and if you 're older than 45 you just have to show up and wo n't actually serve . 
  [ here are some other pictures of it ] ( http://imgur.com/a/iwh87 ), 
  i would say american elections are actually worse . 
  sure they are n't systematically rigged and are more civil and peaceful , but at the end of the day , when the looser wins , is america less of a banana republic than this ? 
  rumor has it that it 's still calculating . 
  tfw i have a dairy store close to me that sells [ this ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_safqddxwyko/srzcssmzyxi/aaaaaaaaax0/vndlb6oqimg/s320/traditional+yogurt.jpg ),
