  it 's just the way it is . 
  in that sense student debt in greece will always be 0 $ , even if there is tuition in the future , because parents would be the ones paying for it . 
  could have been more ? 
  sure . 
  could have been 2 % ? 
  probably not . 
  even if eu projections suggested so , its worth mentioning that there was n't from 2010 until last year a single mildly successful projection of the greek economy coming from the eu . 
  there really was n't any political will . 
  this still kind of is the case . 
  you 're quite right . 
  it 's not funny at all . 
  in a way , making up your own genocide narrative is worse than genocide denial , because at the very least people who deny genocide their ancestors committed will , most of the time in private , admit to knowing the actions of their fathers and grandfathers and will be very much ashamed . 
  and in a way they only deny calling the actions of their ancestors genocide in trying to keep their memory in good light , which is absolutely selfish and miserable , and in many ways despicable , but it 's often the only way for some people to cope with the fact that their loved ones were forced to do very evil things by their evil government . 
  but appropriating false genocidal narratives and playing the victim of genocide for the sake of building a national identity because it has proven to work elsewhere is somehow worse . 
  it 's the absolute worst . 
  i ca n't think of a worst thing for someone who is an actual victim of genocide than to hear someone falsely equating their situation with their own . 
  it 's truly terrifying that this is happening in europe in the 21st century . 
  yes . 
  you 're right . 
  it is totally unfunny . 
  thanks for reminding me and ruining my mood . 
   genocide and latter exodus of macedonians from greece after the civil war ended . 
  i love how it 's genocide first , and then exodus . 
  like : - daddy , they are killing us all !, 
  - wait . 
  - but daddy !, 
  - wait , son . 
  we need to wait for the war to end before we can flee . 
  - but they are killing us !, 
  - fucking wait you little bitch !, 
  maybe you did n't meant to type it this way but i thought it was funny . 
  clearly not as funny as the mental gymnastics of the communists yugos to revisit the history of the greek civil war to such an extent . 
  - o noes the royalists are winning over the communist forces ... and then ... then ... fucking genocide !, 
  take that , west !, 
  : drops mic :, 
  the biggest problem with fyr macedonia , is n't the name , or claims or a paranoid government . 
  all of those things are too small and are safe to ignore if we so choose , for now at least . 
  the biggest problem is that we sat and did nothing as a new kosovo was created on our northern border overnight . 
  i hope i am proven wrong , i really do , but i think this was a horrible mistake . 
  from my understanding , jesus is n't just associated with god , he is god . 
  i sort of understood what the context and the disagreement is , but i just do n't see how the god of islam is any different . 
  any god that drops himself to the level of humans to resonate with them can be called a son , any god that is a creator is a father and any god that interacts with his creation is a holy spirit . 
  the very idea of monotheism boils down to a being that can do all of those 3 things . 
  or at least i think that 's what it is . 
  i sort of get why muslims do n't feel comfortable with that but it makes kind of sense calling god 3 different things depending on what he is doing . 
  or maybe it 's not that ... whatever ... 
  i 'll never understand this shit and i frankly do n't care , either . 
  coming from an atheist ... what is `` unity of god '' meant to be ? 
  as opposed to what ? 
  the christian trinitarian belief ? 
  i do n't know much about either christianity or islam but i thought both faiths at least agree that there is one god and that this god is indeed well ... the same . 
  unified . 
  one thing . 
  am i wrong ? 
  not really . 
  i mean yeah we have high taxes but there are still contracts that offer iphones for essentially free where i live and i know many people who still get androids because they know better . 
   do you want the european union to be able to mandate the obligatory resettlement of non-hungarian citizens to hungary without the approval of the national assembly ? 
  is there even a yes campaign ? 
  nato is sort of an outdated and even one may say damaging concept at this point , at least from a european perspective . 
  i mean do n't get me wrong , nato had a real purpose during the cold war , and american involvement and protection in european affairs was vital for a while . 
  but what has nato done for us lately ? 
  except dragging us into war after war in the middle east , creating terrorism and making ourselves a perfect target for terrorism . 
  nato essentially ties us to countries we would be very reluctant at this point to fight for . 
  maybe i would want us to fight if fellow european country gets attacked . 
  maybe for the us and canada even . 
  but do i feel the same way for turkey ? 
  frankly , no . 
  and i should have to pretend to , either . 
  all i am saying is that eu countries should n't have to be dragged by the us and tukrey into anything . 
  we should instead all leave nato , effectively dismantling it , and expand on the existing lisbon treaty and have a european army that works only for the defense of european countries , then say to everyone else : do n't drag us into your shit , please . 
  and be done with all of it . 
  and this is n't even controversial . 
  an eu army structure already exists because it was meant to exist from the very beginning !, 
  it 's something that is absolutely vital for what the eu is supposed to be . 
  if the eus purpose is to keep war away form europe , that mandates in a way that we try our hardest to keep europe away from war . 
  in this way the eus goal is fundamentally incompatible with that of nato , and nato could actually be detrimental to the full realization of the european project . 
   the cia led the coup this has been debunked hardcore . 
  it was the cold war and the paranoia on the american side was real . 
  real enough for them to support the coup for fear of having something worst in greece , but not real enough to actually go out of their way to institute a coup . 
  especially since the party that was going to win the elections was centrist . 
  the fascists and the metxists that instituted the coup did n't need permission from american to do what fascists and metaxists do . 
  the ... 
  did this really happen ? 
  or just actively fund gas extraction from of-shore pockets in greece , cyprus , malta and italy which should be enough for the european market in the mediumterm if returnables keep taking over , would help said countries immensely , and would n't be as questionable as fracking . 
  depends . 
  we can be a confederation of some sorts with a real european government and have one currency or we can not be that and drop the euro altogether . 
  anything is between is not viable longterm . 
  i am personally fine with either . 
  what we ca n't do is what we 're doing right now . 
  where we are n't much of either , and there is no political will to get us to integrate or to drop the euro altogether . 
  safety jackets made of sponges , designed to sink * fixed that for you . 
  but in the us you also have federal welfare programs and they also set minimum wages on the federal level . 
  it 's low and hardly livable , but it still is there . 
  also in the us , income tax is federal , which means that the richest places by having more income in absolute terms , fall into higher income brackets and pay more taxes . 
  in the eu we have none of that . 
  [ garfunkel and oates you were born for this !!!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8zf_r_j0oy ), 
  guys quick !, 
  blame greece ... oh wait . 
  still , that wo n't mean that tourism will sto being a big thing , or that the government can then go ahead and fuck the tourism industry with bad publicity as happens pretty much in all surrounding countries .
