  i do n't want the greek government to suddently have the precedent to declare immemorial law void when it so pleases . 
  there 's billions of euros on the line and the national government will abuse their power and take peoples property away . 
  we 've already seen their intentions to do that through other measures . 
  how do you say that in west bulgarian ? 
  ^ ^ you ^ ^ already ^ ^ are ^ ^ in ^ ^ german ^ ^ gitmo, 
  they probably wonder why is everyone upside down . 
  yeah , you know what ? 
  in theory the bailouts were a bad idea too . 
  we should have defaulted on eu banks in 2009 and let countries figure out how to deal with them , not with us . 
   why are they untapped ? 
  because the easily accessible reserves have been extracted since antiquity and there are real concerns about extracting the remaining gold . 
  in the cost benefit analysis the cost sometimes exceeds the benefits , and the environmental damage is greater at the end of it . 
  this is why it 's important for study to be done before mining . 
  and for the record , greece is a developed country . 
  the vast amount of the economy is in the service sector , and both pay and gdp per capita is double than that of turkey , even after 7 years of recession . 
  which is n't to say anything bad about turkey , it 's catching up . 
  as of nuclear you should n't have been concerned at all . 
  modern nuclear power plants are much safer than 70s and 80s plants , and far better than any alternative . 
  on the one hand , as someone from a country heavily affected , one that would benefit greatly from the relocation scheme , i ca n't say i do n't see the logic behind it . 
  greece up to one year ago was truly overwhelmed , and italy still is . 
  flimsy as it is , i can see that this plan is not made with bad or sinister intentions . 
  on the other hand , bossing countries around , telling them who to let in and who not to is fundamentally wrong . 
  and moving refugees around like cattle is also wrong . 
  the audacity of pushing this through to countries that fundamentally do n't want it is shameful . 
  i think a better solution is needed , and we should all fight this on the side of the countries who have a right as sovereign countries to take in as many refugees as they want to , just as you have a right to not just let anyone in your home . 
  look it 's not like we lack waterfront and hotels here . 
  maybe we could fill it back with land somehow . 
  blast a nearby mountain or something . 
  best case scenario ; we dig up a big hole where kosovo used to be , fill it in with water , we call it the great balkan lake . 
  no more dispute . 
  yeah . 
  because if it 's anything we do n't have . 
  is water and hotels . 
  it is sort of a rustbelt . 
  and phasing out coal plants has already inflated the unemployment to almost 50 % more than the national average , to 31.3 % which is a highest for any region in ~ ~ europe . ~ ~ the european union . 
  needless to say , the phasing out plan is very unpopular over there . 
  it 's not like i am anti-mining , either . 
  i am not against any kind of jobs coming our way . 
  greece is a mineral paradise . 
  by some estimates , 45 % of europe 's untapped gold reserves are in greece . 
  and we have the most famous and expensive marble quarries in the world . 
  but these are different kinds of processes that coal mining . 
  they are meticulous processes that take place over a small window of time in small areas , after extended research and study . 
  because they actually extract something valuable . 
  since in the case of coal , the product itself is worthless , it 's actually not mining at all . 
  it 's basically digging . 
  often so fast and in the same place where the earth has n't settled from previous digs . 
  at some point a difference in scale becomes a difference in kind . 
  the amount of coal needed to run a coal plant is n't the same as the amount of silicon for a solar panel . 
  mining is fine . 
  the scale necessary for coal is the problem . 
  i am not sure about this . 
  it does n't sound cheap . 
  anyway , even if you could do it that does n't change the fact that coal has a terrible return on land value while it 's happening . 
  i guess they can tell if data comes from a laptop tethered to a phone and not the phone by looking at the packets , but is n't restricting on this merit against net neutrality rules ? 
  how is this even allowed ? 
  how can they even know that ? 
   do you cast your ballots into a volcano ? 
  yes , but we 're often ignored . 
  apparently the non-daily charge is n't even available anymore for what 's up . 
  it 's always a flat rate of 1 euro for internet access for 1 day . 
  [ see here ] ( https://www.cosmote.gr/mobile/cosmoportal/pricelist/index.jsp?catname=basiccharges_wh ) . 
  it makes sense too . 
  0.1 $ per kilobyte of data is a monumental ripoff and they fact that for so many years they could charge you 0.062 $ on top of that per kilobyte just for being in cyprus or italy or bulgaria is ridiculous . 
  thank god this is over now . 
  our lte coverage is pretty good though . 
  even in remote islands like the one i live there is proper 4glte network . 
  it 's just that you can not buy it in a plan . 
  it 's always a ripoff . 
  better pay up as you go or get a standard cardphone which will actually give you some gbs for free every month and it 's cheap to buy more when needed . 
  like in what 's up , the one i use , if you pass the your limit , you get charged 1 euro and get free internet for the rest of the day with no caps . 
  so in reality we do get unlimited internet from our 4g lte network for 30 euros per month , it 's just that this never makes it into plans because companies have figured out that plans are the way to make people who do n't know any better pay outstanding bills for shitty service . 
  fun fact . 
  in greek formal register it 's still the case that you refer to earthquakes as the acts of engelados , the earthquake god . 
  i guess it 's because it gives things more agency . 
  edit : refer *, 
   kosovo is a thing shit , i forgot . 
  and the country does look [ like sauce spreading over spaghetti ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c8/flag_map_of_the_republic_of_macedonia.svg/2000px-flag_map_of_the_republic_of_macedonia.svg.png ) that 's it . 
  we found it bois !, 
   genuinely interested to see if he holds something we came up with in a positive light . 
   literally the comment before this is `` anal is not that bad '' that was fucking fast . 
  let 's be real , would you feel so bad if we suddenly ivaded sicily ? 
  more like :  the most serene republic of not-west-bulgaria-not-south-serbia-either-not-so-much-east-albania-definitely-not-northern-greece, 
   but if they choose to overthrow the government now , they wo n't get reelected in the following snap elections surely it would seem that way to the average voter , but in fact the opposite is true . 
  first of all , a snap election is n't likely to come from within syriza . 
  polls say they will be decimated , and looking at their strategy i am very confident that their internal polls are even worse . 
  and its not like syriza mps can feel confident that they will be absorbed in other parties after they topple their party like what happened in pasok . 
  if they burn their house , they burn themselves . 
  whish is why `` second wave '' syriza has a very strong cohesion right now , whereas every other party would have a very hard time abandoning their platform by passing austerity laws every second week . 
  but , if kamenos is the one who topples the government , say , with a no compromise stance on the macedonian issue , and campaigns on a nationalist platform , with golden dawn discredited and in disarray , they will be reelected . 
  and it 's probably their only chance . 
  so , for kamenos , any disagreement with syriza over this is actually a great political move , and a way out of syriza 's mess . 
  and tsipras could very well fuck up and give him the reason to kick his government in the nuts and play hero . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll add it !, 
  til there is a tuscanic order , i always though everything the romans did was corinthian . 
  which is also greek , it 's just that everyone is ripping it off . 
  one of those things is not like the others . 
  sooo ... 2 million euros of business is gon na stop a 2 billion euro project ? 
  i 'd love to see them try .
