  and it 's not like people shun religion there . 
  tinos is probably the second most jesusy place in greece after mount athos . 
  it 's just that the two clergies are close and have cultivated a brotherly relationship over the centuries . 
  for greece it 's both a good figure and a bad figure depending on how you see it . 
  in 2013 unemployment was more than 27 % so it has come down by 4 points since which is good . 
  in 2008 it was 7 % . 
  so not exactly progress since then . 
  the figure is also inflated to my understanding . 
  agree . 
  it 's the fox news of greece . 
  i too think this is probably the case . 
  i ca n't conceive it 's anything other than that . 
  til . 
  can we visit them ? 
  i am interested !, 
  pfff . 
  who needs pesky human rights anyway , am i right ? 
  it 's modern `` art '' . 
   restricted internet as a propaganda tool north korea did it first !, 
  i know that , i just figured that since the med is such a small body of water relative to the moon , that it would n't be subject to tidal forces . 
  apparently i was wrong . 
  but russia will flood if they nuke the dam . 
  the black sea and the med are connected . 
  til . 
  well to be fair , tides are almost non existent here so i assumed the few centimeters of tides we have are a result of the atlantic coming in . 
  no the highest point in the netherlands is 320 meters high . 
  the highest point in the kingdom of the netherlands is 890 meters . 
  [ know the difference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_iupineuc ), 
  denmark is pretty flat . 
  it would n't so much be a dam , it would be netherlands 2.0 . 
  yes , but that does n't change the fact that our biggest population centers are coastal , and at low elevation . 
  speaking of greece , all the major population centers are at sea level . 
  athens , thessaloniki , heraclion , patras . 
  all gone should sea level rise 10 meters . 
  let 's not even touch you and italy . 
  better that some fish die , than we become a huge water world !, 
   by keeping the sea level of the mediterranean constant in times of rising sea levels you will increase global sea levels even more i do n't think it 's enough to make a difference compared to the volume of all the worlds oceans . 
   plus , i do n't think russia , turkey , israel , italy , etc. . . will be too happy seeing their connection to the atlantic ocean disappear well , we first . 
  we have a bigger slice of the shipping business than all of these countries combined . 
  which is why there will be elevators to carry ships at the dam , and it 's not like the suez canal is closing , so egypt will be fine , too !, 
  plus if things go to shit there might not even be surviving ports outside the mediterranean to trade with , anyway . 
  edit : also ...  you isolate the species living in the mediterranean from other biotopes from the dead biotopes that would be the worlds oceans by that time . 
  what 's not to like , fish ? 
  plus , when human and countless animal habitats are at risk , the `` isolation '' of the fish is probably worth it . 
  the drain part is pretty stupid , but the dam is n't . 
  picture this : sea levels rise by a substantial amount due to climate change . 
  instead of each country dealing with this issue on their own , mediterranean countries come together and devise a plan to cut off the mediterranean from the rest of the worlds oceans . 
  we dam the gibraltar , and raise the southern part of the suez canal behind sea defenses , and let the sea evaporate to its normal level . 
  then , we create 2 flows between the mediterranean and the atlantic . 
  one for surface atlantic water to the mediterranean and one for a bit less deep mediterranean water to the atlantic . 
  ~ ~ this will end all tides in the mediterranean ~ ~ , will keep the sea level stable , and even the salinity of the water will remain the same , which means that sea life in the med wo n't die , not to mention it will create a link between spain and morocco , plus surely it will cost less than the damage on all coastal cities in the mediterranean combined !, 
  it 's brilliant !, 
  we should do it !, 
  edit : it will not end all tides in the mediterranean . 
  to be fair , referendums are n't the problem . 
  dishonest politicians are the problem . 
  after we held our bailout referendum , tsipras went to brussels and realized that what he supported would hurt his country , so he came back and said : `` i am sorry , i apologize , saying no to these bailout demands would n't mean what i promised it would mean , so we are doing something different . '', 
  say what you will about tsipras , i , for one as someone who did n't vote for him , and ca n't wait for him to get his ass out of office , think that what he did was admirable and it 's the least i expect from every politician . 
   greece tried that no we did n't . 
  the greek junta did . 
  know the difference . 
  it 's slowly becoming a thing . 
  every year more than the last . 
  yeah the thing about this though is that those rocks are ours de jure and so is the airspace over the aegean . 
  they are n't mock dogfights at all . 
  having a dumbass neighbour that flies planes in your airspace every day costs us billions in military spending which we could use elsewhere . 
  it will not be tolerated forever . 
  there probably will never be another draft in greece , ever . 
  even if the worst is to happen , the standing greek military is strong enough to hold our position in the aegean until eu reinforcements arrive . 
  to be fair , if our president ever said : `` we never forget our fallen lands , constantinople and smyrna , loosing them was a historical mistake ! '', 
  i would expect equal fuzz from turkey . 
  the word of a president has validity . 
  if he wants to make a point towards the islamist position he should do so without provoking us . 
   there are still people on your side who want to reconquer \u0130stanbul we probably would n't take it even if it was offered to us . 
  yeah , that 's kinda true . 
  finding nemo is really unwatchable in english when the greek version is like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azq0jsku2qe ), 
   except for latin american soap operas for whatever reason the reason for this was that first latin american shows that found their way here were for kids . 
  subbing then became a staple of the genre , and it would n't seem right for these shows to be subbed . 
  i ca n't explain what kind of sorcery my brain does but it does n't feel like reading at all . 
  i am not looking at the subtitles in the same way i would look at printed text . 
  i really do just listen and watch , and my brain gets the information fine . 
  looked it up and apparently many european countries switched to cet to coordinate humanitarian and rebuilding efforts . 
  til . 
  tbh the more i think about it , the more sense it makes . 
  let 's just go global gmt !, 
  but to be fair , france belgium and the netherlands just like britain they ... do get pretty ... 
  wet . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ oh ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ god ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ actually ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ said ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it, 
  i. . . am not convinced it would be a problem . 
  for hitler in occupied europe it was a problem , and it did make a difference when organizing his occupation forces , which is why he changed the time zones west of germany , but for the modern stock market , transport and communications it should n't be a problem . 
  if they can handle dst , they can handle this better . 
  [ putin watches cgp grey confirmed ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rstl7nir7gs ), 
   you just disowned everything you said on your original comment yes , i tend to do that when i rethink stuff and realize that i am wrong . 
  but the point that the eastern roman empire was far longer lived and more powerful still stands , so it is n't really comparable to the ottomans in that regard . 
  not that it means anything , anyway . 
  yeah , i guess it is kind of a stretch to say those things , and at the end of the day , completely meaningless . 
  what does a country 's age have to do with anything ? 
  i get it . 
  still though .
