  the definition of europe is rather fluid in the east , but it 's actually very exact around in mediterranean . 
  you start by taking the cretan archipelago , and imagine extending it east and west , you include all the islands north of that , which include malta and cyprus , sicily and the greek islands . 
  and then the mainland beyond . 
  i do n't know why cyprus is often excluded from europe in the geographical sense , it 's sort of arbitrary anyway , i have the feeling this originates as a justification for britain to colonize it for its strategic importance . 
  who needs them when we have [ you , australia !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tusji8nksj0&amp;t=0m45s ), 
  c\u00ednte !, 
  dublin would make for a better capital for this . 
  ok , but there 's also luxembourg , the richest country in europe , and germany , the country with the worlds biggest trade surplus , both in the eu . 
  even switzerland and norway hailed as examples for a brexit britain are deep into eu institutions like the single market and even schengen . 
  those globalist shills am i right ? 
  i do n't get why a series of domestic fuckups in my country are constantly used as reason to disregard the achievements of the entire european project . 
  by that logic america should break up because florida exists . 
   greece is a fucking mess do n't bring us into this . 
  we know why we 're a mess and it 's not the euro . 
   lure investment  tax prepays , 30 % corporate tax , unimaginable bureaucracy , inflexible downright retarded work laws , uncertainty for the economy , strikes on key transport on a regular basis , lack of any general planning for the economy whatsoever , the highest indirect taxes in europe and a dead market where people do n't have the money to buy anything anymore and every remotely skilled worker has already left . 
  boy these companies are gon na have a good laugh . 
   anti-eu news totally fair and true even if unsourced or disproven . 
   pro-eu news reeeeeeee stop with the propaganda you globalists shills !!!!, 
  how is \u03a4\u03c3 and \u03a4\u03b6 diphtongs ? 
  then again 7 + 3 = 10 , so that makes you right . 
  just a guess ... 
  fun fact . 
  since the vienna convention on road traffic requires car registration numbers to be displayed in capital latin characters and arabic numerals , greek license plates only use the letters that are common with greek and latin . 
  aspirated ? 
  i count 7, 
  this, 
  that was a very good read , thanks, 
  greece has the equivalent of a second amendment , that has n't stopped gun control from happening . 
  in reality even the americans could have strict gun control if there was political will . 
  the right to bear arms is kind of empty word really . 
  because it always comes with the responsibility of making responsible use of them , and if that 's not the case , then guns will be restricted like it or not . 
  to be fair that 's probably to do with the fact that economic downturn and sensensionalism is more attention grabbing that genuine economic news . 
  in reality nobody wants to see britain burn . 
  if you enable something , you 're responsible for it , in my book . 
  the state has a lot of responsibility in this , but the state is n't the one who tax evades , neither are you . 
  storeowners are . 
  just like it 's the states responsibility to fine those who evade tax , yours is to just ask for the fucking receipt . 
  if you do n't ask for receipts everywhere , and do n't try to pay with plastic money where you can , i ca n't stress it enough , you are part of the problem . 
  sure . 
  it 's really a problem that the soft cash ban needed to happen in the first place . 
  but since now taxes are guaranteed to be deducted from card transactions , we politely ask that when in greece , try to pay with card as much as humanly possible and always get a receipt . 
  the second one is actually mandatory , you can actually be fined in some provinces for not doing that . 
  is it so fucking hard to pay with card in the first place ? 
  agree that it 's kind of bothersome for tourists , but apparently that 's exactly the intent of the law . 
  without a proof of purchase the dispute between customer and owner will always be won by the customer . 
  here are the 4 steps to know that you 're not stealing : 1 ) the product or service has to be clearly marked for purchase . 
  2 ) you must demand a receipt before giving the provider of that product or service money in exchange . 
  3 ) the owner must actually refuse to issue you a receipt . 
  you 're now protected under customer protection law : 4/28 .11.2012 . 
  you can not be asked to pay for that product or service any longer , take it and leave . 
  that 's legit what the law says . 
   where sharia law is applied it 's not . 
  muslims of thrace do n't have special courts and are still bound under the civil code . 
  they are just allowed to do things that are not illegal , which is the case everywhere in greece . 
  i understand your very valid concerns , but i think your fears are seriously [ overblown ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/plik:map-world-murder-rate-red.svg ) . 
  in reality greece is among the safest countries in the world regarding crimes against life , and even crime in general , applying the same logic as in countries where that is a real prospect and a huge problem is a mistake . 
  violent crime did spike with the influx of eastern european immigrants in the 90s , but thanks to us , these countries are much better now . 
  the constantly decreasing gun-crime rate suggests that the rate of illegal firearms coming in by neighboring countries is decreasing . 
  this kind of crime just a big concern right now . 
  on the other hand , guns have been accumulating here even since the law made it easier for people to get shotguns and handguns , especially in crete and the peloponnese . 
  leading to an overall increase in the suicide rate and fatalities from accidents relating to guns . 
  if you feel safer by having a gun in your house , that 's fine by me . 
  but the current law is fine . 
  it allows you to do that to the logical extent where this is helpful and useful ( ie : in your house , modest ammunition , use only for defense , use only a handgun which provides all the striking power you can ever need in an enclosed space anyway ) . 
  turning our country into more of a gun-fest wo n't make us any safer . 
  is n't this a terrible strategy ? 
  if the opponent has the same policy that could mean that intruders inside your ship will carry f * cking shotguns and riffles and you will go after them with handguns . 
  that does n't seem right to me . 
  the contactless payment system that most stores are now obligated by law to have is the same for all card providers , so any contactless card will do . 
  alternatively , european style cards with chip are also accepted . 
  little known but absolutely true fact about greek vat and receipts : if a store owner refuses to issue you a receipt or when you ask for a receipt raises the price , it 's actually perfectly legal to leave the establishment and not pay for the goods or services . 
  actually it 's more than legal , it is advised , as by some provincial law you may be fined for doing otherwise . 
  in any case , you should never ever pay for anything without a proof of purchase . 
  just use the f * cking contactless card , it 's easier anyway . 
  [ not universally ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/english-eu.jpg ), 
  to be fair those islands were hit . 
  they then lowered prices and they bounced up in a year . 
  oh do n't get me started on this . 
  our gun laws are actually extremely permissive and sensible . 
  you can have whatever shotgun you want and as many bullets as you want with a simple hunting license . 
  you can posses whatever gun you want with a possession lisence ( \u03bf\u03c0\u03bb\u03bf\u03ba\u03b1\u03c4\u03bf\u03c7\u03ae ) which is usually issued by default as soon as you buy a handgun if you 're an adult , and you can even possess a little ammo for each weapon , but it has to stay home . 
  that 's more than enough to protect yourself . 
  unless your enemy is an army or you 're planning to do massive harm to a lot of people , a rifle and a bunch of ammunition is useless . 
  you can basically live in any country in europe you want and you do n't even have to rush learning the language . 
  here is a quick explanation : border blue = big millitary bases and soldiers island pink = waitresses and tourism workers suburban blue = industrial workers mountain pink = villages inhabited primarily by the elderly in which women outlive men . 
  there you go . 
  count the bullets . 
  this is a big deal . 
  the law says you can have up to 6 for each pistol type you own . 
  having more that that not only defeats the purpose of self-defence , but it is a felony itself , even if you have a licence which he did n't . 
  and a fucking silenser ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  is this the fucking mafia ? 
  he was clearly planning something . 
  let 's call it londinium from now on . 
  it was the original roman name . 
  plus it sounds more state-like . 
  also , they should totally be a continuation of the city of london charter , with its history of rebellion against the monarchy and their right honorable lord mayor !, 
  that 'd be pretty cool .
