  whether our discretionary spending goes to fund lazy cunts in the public sector or tax-returns for helping the private sector is up for debate , but it 's not like a government has to run on a deficit to grow . 
   but conservatives in our country just like to slam down on the government ... and they 're absolutely right to do so . 
  we 're still among the slowest growing countries in europe , dead last among the countries that were in a similar situation with us when syriza was brought into power in 2015 . 
  they have had substantial growth since [ and we 've been orbiting zero % growth for 2 years now . 
  ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-growth/forecast ) this has objectively not been a good government for growth so far , and a marginal growth figure does n't change much . 
  i hate to be that guy but ... [ i told you so ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6bc28s/greece_slides_back_into_recession_at_start_of_2017/dhljk5m/?context=3 ), 
  sure , website . 
  you 're not pulling numbers out of your ass ... [ sure ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c7gf4ke.png ), 
  lesbian porn is objectively the best kind of porn . 
  i do n't see anything wrong . 
  when a country vetoes an eu country 's accession process , the commission drops the case altogether . 
  that has happened in fact twice in the history of the union in 1963 the uks application was vetoed by france and morocco 's application was dropped by the commission before it even made it to the summit where it would have likely been unilaterally vetoed . 
  this has not happened however in the case of fyr macedonia . 
  it is still a candidate of the european union with the will of all the eu member states , and therefore it 's up to the commission to assess their membership criteria as they wish . 
  all of that precisely because greece or any other country has never vetoed any of this . 
  no , the commission , as guardian of the treaties is responsible for any and all accession processes . 
  as a candidate country , evaluations are already taking place in fyr macedonia , and after substantial progress is made and grounds for discussion are there the commission is the one that actually opens the chapters , sets records for compliance and then closes them . 
  i ca n't see how greece is involved or even can be involved in any of this . 
  when fyr macedonia applied for eu membership , the question came to the european summit , greece said `` sure , under the name fyr macedonia '' , and the commission was tasked with bringing them up to speed to get in . 
  i think what we 're forgetting is that one of jean-claude junckers election pleadges is that the eu needs freeze all enlargement for now and better work out the problems that it has , so there has n't been much progress at all since pretty much 2014 , and that 's true of all bids . 
  it has nothing to do with greece . 
   eu membership which has been blocked by neighboring greece over a name dispute this is like saying turkey is blocked from joining the eu because they are blocked by countries that do n't like the idea . 
  it 's not false , but it 's not like they meet any of the criteria either . 
  same for fyr macedonia . 
  although i hope this changes soon . 
  and yes probably they will enter under the title former yugoslav republic of macedonia or a new name altogether , but that does n't mean the name is the only issue or that it is even a primary issue . 
  maybe it needs to become a part of greek politics as well . 
  it 's something we can always use more of but it 's not like it 's not a big part of greek culture already . 
  to grossly oversimplify , there are right and wrong things , and humans are for the most part hardwired to do right things , to cherish and vindicate right actions instead of wrong ones . 
  philotimo is that innate human need to do the right thing , turned virtue . 
   while russia , syria , and iran are crucial zones to influence . 
  i take issue with that statement , it 's not wrong , but it has implications i do n't like . 
  i really really think that it 's none of our business . 
  the orders are n't the same as military honors . 
  the wiki is wrong . 
  the idea is that even if a courageous act is selfless , true gallantry is more than that selfless , it 's almost automatic , as it requires no thought , no reasoning , just action . 
  since we ca n't know what 's going on in someone elses mind , this award can never truly be claimed or awarded , but that does n't mean it should n't exist . 
  if the act exists , so should the award . 
  this also lines up perfectly with the concept of philotimo , which is a big part of greek culture . 
  i understand that , but then it 's not really news , is it ? 
  even so , the vast majority of greek organized beaches are n't close to ports or where commercial activity takes place . 
  so if it was factored in , i doubt it made a difference . 
  probably you were just unlucky with your choice of beach when you visited . 
  look at it this way . 
  would n't it be almost poetic if one day , because of an earthquake the portrait falls on him and seriously injures him or kills him ? 
  well ... she 's not thin . 
  wait , it is n't ? 
  ** til intensifies **, 
  why would you spend money to have all that when you 're just a country and not the galactic federation of planets or some shit like that ? 
  does n't my trivia in the comments count as a submission statement ? 
  according to the visitor center of the presidential mansion , in christmas eve of 1909 a fire significantly damaged the royal palace ( today 's parliament building ) , promoting the king to temporarily move to the palace designated to his heir . 
  with the incorporation of new territories into greece at the time however , parliament grew much larger , so they decided instead of restoring the royal palace to turn it into greece 's new parliament instead , which remains as to this day . 
  thus the temporarily arrangement became permanent . 
  since king george the 1st is the most universally respected of the greek monarchs , his office has not been substantially changed since the 1910s , and was subsequently used by greek monarchs and later by greek presidents . 
  this has to be trolling . 
  how about the reassurance of all cypriots as a whole that you wo n't occupy their country and put them a quarter of the population of the island in limbo for half a century ? 
  how about the reassurance of all cypriots as a whole that you wo n't occupy their country and put them a quarter of the population of the island in limbo for half a century ? 
  key word ; private . 
  this is a private matter of individuals , not segregation at a public place . 
  saying that this should be banned is very close to saying that unless you have at least one black person in your group ( say , friends ) you cant meet at all , not even in private . 
  none of these countries really depend on maritime commercial activity , or have substantial island territories . 
  [ this ] ( http://countryballs.net/_nw/1/29200837.jpg ) is better imo, 
  it 's not unheard of for a maritime country . 
  especially one that controls the [ biggest chunk of the worlds shipping fleet ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/economic-and-financial-indicators/21674507-merchant-fleets ) , and therefore has to protect much of the worlds shipping convoys all over the world . 
  yeah , we 're learning a lot of things today , are n't we ? 
  i think it would actually be cheaper and better for our armed forces at this point to just end conscription altogether . 
  it takes so many resources and for what ? 
  the conscripts do n't even stay in to contribute . 
  it 's 9 months of very little training and mostly doing nothing , and in a modern war setting it 's not like the conscripts are worthless , but it 's far from the best investment of our taxes . 
  we should probably be increasing our striking power instead with modern equipment . 
  on the other band , conscription can be really valuable by bringing people from all over the country and from all social standings together as citizens , and the setting is one of understanding and fighting for the way of life we all share , which is something all western countries should have more of , rather than missionaries that are disconnected from the general populous so we can send them to wars overseas , no questions asked . 
  i do n't know , i am conflicted about this . 
   since there is unresolved issues in aegean how come there are now but were n't any in the 1920s when the border treaties were signed ? 
  how so ? 
  please elaborate . 
  bruh , that 's nothing . 
  the same can be said for greece and a bunch of other countries though , even germany . 
  that 's because the government here can end conflicts by signing an armestece but only the president himself ( and king before that ) can actually sign peace treaties , and it takes an act of parliament to do so . 
  so it 's not unheard of for us to be technically at war with a bunch of countries all over the place . 
  but it 's not really war , it 's just a technicality and it 's almost always because one or more controversial issues about the peace are n't settled to the satisfaction of parliament . 
  how so ? 
  war over what ? 
  here is my guess : spain , greece and portugal started with many . 
  the not so democratic administrations in our recent history tended to invest heavily in police , and it was never really reduced because later governments realized downsizing police is unpopular with voters . 
  here is what ert is reporting : 3 people were injured , lukas papademos , the former pm , his driver and another person . 
  the explosives seem to have been delivered in an envelope to the former pm himself , and he opened them inside his car . 
  for the time there does n't seem to be any danger for his life or the life of the people around him . 
  this looks like a targeted attack , ~ ~ very similar to the ones in previous months to the imf and to the german ministry of finance ~ ~ . 
  edit : it 's speculation . 
  the police has n't disclosed anything for now . 
  i remember this . 
  this was so fucking cool . 
  no , i just happen to have friends from all over europe . 
  mee neither . 
  but it 's german attempt st humor so here are our possibilities : 1 ) not making the blindest bit of sense is the joke . 
  2 ) there is n't any joke and that 's the joke . 
  3 ) there probably is a joke in there but i 'd have to spend an hour at google looking through the results of these search terms translating stuff from german , to catch some obscure reference that may have given this guy a chuckle when he came up with it but by the time i 'd figured out i would be laughing histerically , not at the joke , but rather at the fact that someone thought this was funny . 
  needless to say it could be all 3 and there is no way to know because i am not doing this again . 
  let 's be real . 
  the number one reason people want a reunified yugoslavia is that the map of europe would look so much better .
