  good for you . 
  but that does effectively mean that all the bottleneck points are reduced to basically our borders , and we have police on behalf of everyone else . 
  if we do n't stop them , you wo n't either . 
  and there is also a bigger argument in this , that needs not be understated . 
  slovakia was right when they asked to not participate in the greek bailouts , why would a country subsidize its wealthier neighbors ? 
  well by you not having any borders and leaving all the policing to us it is effectively the same thing . 
  a subsidy , from a poorer country to a richer . 
  and i think nobody would agree with that . 
  if you want to have borders you need to pay up for the privilege , either reinstate them or pay us to do it for you . 
  or do nothing , but do n't blame us . 
  yeah , that 's the real problem honestly : european half assed solutions as always . 
  see monetary union without fiscal union , open borders without common border authority . 
  great fucking ideas guys ... keep them up !, 
  so allowing our country to be a nation wide human trafficking operation for your majesties cheap labour needs is not inhumane but the alternative is ? 
  the dublin regulation is n't a bad idea in principle , the only way it 's lacking is that the border states are essentially tasked to police on behalf of everyone else with neither a real central border authority helping , nor funds to afford to police for everyone . 
  that 's where this thing failed . 
  your copycat letters do n't impress me . 
   \u0391\u03c0\u03bb\u03cc 4 letters , get on our level . 
  london and beijing had most athletic facilities there already . 
  and beijing is only claiming the games were financially sound . 
  we ca n't know that for sure . 
  as of the states and canada , i do n't know . 
  but even then the fact that 6 out of 10 of the cities that hosted it in the end had to subsidize it is kind of a mess . 
  can confirm . 
  you ca n't win bids anymore with anything less than fancy planning and you ca n't make fancy plans without the olympics taking a lot out of your coffers . 
  and if you are a small country and have no need for all of these athletic facilities , they wo n't pay back . 
  it 's a sad reality that the olympics are n't sensible endeavors anymore , and if this mentality of the ioc for fancier and fancier continues , unfortunately you will see the olympics increasingly being hosted by states with unaccountable governments , becoming synonymous with massive waste and corruption . 
  and good luck having the athletes be clean in this environment and the competition being in any way meaningful in the future . 
  nobody wants to see that , which is why the olympics will either have to change drastically in the near future or die for good . 
  not that i do n't support european cities getting the olympics but oh gosh , la in particular would be real nice !, 
  and why are we spending billions cabling the islands with coal plants in the mainland , again ? 
  yeah but apart from there is n't anything else . 
  also , we do have kebab-hating buddies serbia and armenia . 
  country ( \u03a7\u03ce\u03c1\u03b1 ) is a politically entity , nation ( \u0388\u03b8\u03bd\u03bf\u03c2 ) is a sense of shared identity and history . 
  the two do n't always overlap . 
  probably italy tho . 
  here is my ideal eu constitutional treaty : chapter 1 : the freedoms of people : basically a manifesto of human rights chapter 2 : the freedoms of peoples : outlines that all european nations are ultimately sovereign . 
  countries may choose to join layers of european integration provided that they meet the criteria and that they want to . 
  no mandatory membership is necessary for anything , and there must be mechanisms for countries to leave all levels of integration if they so choose , because countries are fundamentally sovereign . 
  chapter 3 : the european commission is established : each portfolio of european cooperation is given to a single commissionaire . 
  the prime commissionaire is also established as the executive head of europe . 
  chapter 4 : the european parliament is established : provided that they meet criteria in chapter 1 , all nations of europe may send representatives to the eu in form of meps . 
  meps meet in sessions depending on the levels of european integration they subscribe to . 
  europarliament for eurozone members . 
  schengenparliament for schengen members ( the swiss are allowed there also ) . 
  marketparliament for single market members . 
  the different sessions of the european parliament appoint the commissionaires . 
  the prime commissionaire is elected by all of the meps . 
  chapter 5 : the eu supreme court is established : its job is to be the court of final appeal in all of europe . 
  it may issue warnings to countries that do n't follow the rules of treaties or laws voted by parliament . 
  if a country does n't respond to a warning or does n't comply with eu law , the court can take away their membership of integration layers . 
  chapter 6 : future amendments : a unanimous approval by all european countries that comply with article 1 is needed to amend the constitutional treaty . 
  amendments may add new layers of european cooperation . 
  the layers are listed below . 
  chapter 7 : the single market chapter 8 : the euro chapter 9 : the schengen area chapter 10 : etc. . . 
  in principle , this ensures that there is no taxation without representation like today 's eez . 
  makes european law clearly enforceable and its violation punishable , and most importantly permanently discards what i think is the worst part about the eu . 
  the council and the summit . 
  european issues are now dealt on the european level , and national issues on the national level . 
   but there is no head of state we do n't need it . 
  the european union wo n't be a state . 
  it will be a subservient government of its sovereign , member states . 
  this is the best of both worlds . 
  so yeah , if it were like this i would probably be very enthusiastic about it , but a us style federal state , i would be extremely skeptical about that . 
  looks like a question to me . 
  go to r/askeurope, 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  i honestly hope so . 
  but i do n't see it . 
   that situation is like when you have black people supporting trump why would n't black people support trump ? 
   european agency for fundamental rights let me guess , `` verbally harassing with sexual undertones '' also counts as sexual harassment ? 
  this is the presidential ( former royal ) guard . 
  the unit of highest command . 
  they usually are in normal military clothing but they also parade in [ one of their many ceremonial uniforms ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-jfkuujee-hw/ug8r1s0t_ri/aaaaaaaaefg/3aiuh9elyoa/s1600/n1219863025_30115696_8919.jpg ) every sunday ( from left to right : central greece , thessaly and northern greece , western greece , attica and islands , and peloponnese , which represent the regions of greece at the time they were established ) . 
  the foustanela ( the skirt ) was commonly worn in the southern balkans , not exclusively by greeks , but by albanians , arvanites and aromanians as well . 
  the bailouts are the fiscal union , and it 's failing catastrophically so far . 
  fiscal union is a good step but it is n't enough , there also needs to be oversight of it . 
  have the eu parliament vote on bailout terms that countries have to follow , not the fucking imf . 
  bulgaria and romania do n't impress me ... 
  it 's actually taken from the 2011 census . 
  well if the point was to lower it it failed pretty hard did n't it ? 
  yes . 
  homeowners lobbied the regional government which lobbied hard for no demolitions on the motorway plan so the road authority literally spanned the entire a1 motorway in athens over the river kiffisos , and now the river is n't visible anymore . 
  just about 2.5 million people live in the metropolitan area of athens . 
  and about 800.000 people in peraius . 
  but it 's still the largest metropolitan area in europe when it comes to size . 
  joke 's on you , you paid for this !, 
  that shit 's expensive , yo !, 
   hey look at your neighbours . 
  `` best in the balkans '' does n't make me feel in any better . 
  please let me be embarrassed and contemplate how an education system that takes so much resources both public and private can still under-perform so fucking much ... 
  how about we did n't give them their stupid new-stories in the first place ? 
  man , i hate so much what my country has become . 
  it 's all bad press , jokes and doom . 
  when the hell will our government come to terms with the melian dialogue ? 
  `` the strong do as they can , and the weak suffer what they must . '', 
  i do n't agree with what the creditors are doing , and it really is against their own interest , but is it really hard to fucking listen to them for once without drama ? 
  are we really in a position of power that allows us to not do so ? 
  so we 're going to do what they say anyway !, 
  so why negotiate in the first place ?
