  practically it 's remained like this because of [ shipping lanes ] ( http://imgur.com/a/dr034 ) . 
  it 's a choke point , and having one port authority overseeing the core shipping lane of your country instead of 3 is is always better . 
  it 's actually the [ periphery ( region ) of attica . 
  ] ( http://www.greeksunestates.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/periferia_attikis.png ), 
  the thrace approach ( where we all agree it 's historically been many things and it 's east west and north depending on the country its currently in ) probably could work back when the country was a new thing , probably not now though . 
  it 's not that i am not fine with it , it 's that no government in either side would accept it . 
  i think both peoples would be happier if the whole `` greater communist macedonia '' myth dies , and the country goes back to calling itself vardaria or something , as part of what is geographically macedonia , but not all of it , and not `` ethnically '' it , or whatever . 
  same for the nuts in our side calling for their split into bulgaria and albania . 
  you should probably shut up . 
   only non-educated ( nationalist who ' are traitors in my country ) people believe in the united macedonia crap either there are a lot of those people or these people are extremely vocal though , cause i 've seen them everywhere . 
  helios is the sun though . 
  light is fos in greek so does n't sound like it . 
  it 's a mystery where the name hellas comes from . 
  it 's certain that it 's older than the greeks , and its meaning was lost to time . 
  there is a problem with this though . 
  the kind of things that are worth trying from greece are mostly not going to make it to the netherlands . 
  i could send you masticha gum , rakomelo , wine and honey but the real deal is greek yogurt , feta cheese , and an assortment of pies ( like spanakopita and bugatsa ) . 
  i could put a small refrigerated box together but if it takes more than a day , these things wo n't be safe to eat when they arrive ... :(, 
  peloponnese and greek islands , and sicily escaped tho . 
  i know more than i should . 
  i know that there are lines in the immigration offices everyday because people who visit turkey want to visit the greek islands and authorities can never quite cope . 
  i know that even cyprus a country that you actively occupy gave the green light , because turks and visitors in turkey moving around would have huge benefits for us . 
  nobody wants to deny you visa free access , you did it to yourselves because your sultan is living in a fantasy world where all kurds are pkk members or pkk supporters . 
  do n't bring us into this . 
  people who have issues with angela here , are n't the brightest and are n't a majority either . 
  he is probably just an alt right guy . 
  some of you have . 
   where is visa we gave you the process and you gave us the middle finger . 
  that 's where . 
  there is no way i am allowing free entry to a country with `` anti terror '' laws that openly target a minority of 25 million people and make their life there unbearable . 
   he did it to shit on kemalists thats the thing that bothers me the most . 
  he bullshits kemal constantly and yet he is still in office . 
  that a politician can do that is terrifying , because it either means he is a demagogue to the extent that he can get away with murder , or that there is a majority of turks that shit on kemal too . 
  according to the greek constitution , all coastline and beaches under greek sovereignty shall be public spaces accessible to all devoid of commercial activity . 
  greek beaches can not be owned , and may not be used for profit without a license from peripheral governments . 
  we got some snow the other year too , it was great :3, 
  i do n't even understand why cypriots ( the legit ones ) agree to have reunification talks in the first place . 
  it 's been clear since forever that turks in cyprus are not in the business of wanting a sovereign state on the island , and will try to undermine the sovereignty of a federal cypriot republic in any way possible , just like they did with the last one . 
  and i think cyprus has been too kind to the prospects of turkey in europe , too . 
  it has now become a country that is literally helping the commercial interest of its occupier !, 
  this is completely unprecedented !, 
  i think cypriots should flip the finger at this point and if they lose half of the island , so be it . 
  i would rather be living in a free nation state than in a turkish puppet belgium 2.0 . 
  and i do n't mind if you blame greece or greeks for the actions of an illegitimate government half a century ago , either . 
  blame me all you want , if that makes you feel better . 
  i and the vast majority of greeks want my country to have nothing to do with cyprus or the cypriot government , and it seems all of our governments for 40 years want the same . 
  not so much a beach but ... close enough . 
  [ islander here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nycgav-qlf4&amp;t=1s ) be like ... you have some of that ... winter ? 
  can confirm . 
  i 've been routinely prescribed antibiotics for shit that even i know as much as to know they are useless . 
  i went to the fucking dentist one time because i had a toothache and he suggested that i take antibiotics as a preventative measure . 
  to prevent what ? 
  it 's a fucking toothache !, 
  just give me a pain killer !, 
  i think my immune system can handle a god damn toothache . 
  i do n't know why they do it . 
  i think they are free to prescribe them wherever and these drugs are very cheap here so people take them without knowing of the consequences . 
  thankfully st least food here is mostlh devoid of this shit . 
  the greek constitution provides a framework for freedom or speech , freedom from censorship or being forced into self censorship , but it also in a way puts a limit in what can be considered free speech in 4 important ways : a ) insulting the christian faith and all other known faiths b ) insulting the office of the president of the republic c ) providing anything that aims at revealing military secrets or has the purpose of violently overthrowing the republic or the territorial integrity of the state . 
  d ) insulting general public decency all of the above may not automatically be considered `` free speech '' , and publications that are such speech are not under `` free speech protection '' according to the constitution , but it 's important to understand that they are not illegal . 
  the constitution does n't forbid any kind of speech , but rather guarantees the right to free speech in all circumstances except these , and leaves it up to parliament to craft laws on these 4 kinds of speech or not , and the government to enforce them or not . 
  it was close like 8000 to 10000 $ difference apparently . 
  not quite the same . 
  not quite as bad for us . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  i saw it at another site . 
  probably was a different metric too . 
   but we still send money to greece by being a net contributor in the eu . 
  as you should . 
  we would do the same if your economy went to shit , because you would be in our single market . 
   hardly anyone cared about their economy back then . 
  we certainly did . 
  in 1981 when we joined we had the same gdp per capita as western germany , and were overall on the `` economic miracle '' bandwagon . 
  greece was n't always like it 's been in the past 10 years . 
  speaking about politics not economics ... 
  i wonder how a bunch of broke former communist countries got their way in ... hmmm i wonder . 
  sweden is not in the eurozone and does not contribute a penny to the esm . 
  and even countries that are in do n't `` pay for greece '' in the same way that the bank is n't `` paying for your house '' when you get a loan . 
   we allowed in greece greece joined what was then the eec in 1981 . 
  sweden joined the eu in 1996 . who allowed in who ? 
  no not even that . 
  just the eurozone , and even that much is debatable . 
  if breaking the conditions set by maastricht means your place in the eurozone is problematic , by that logic the vast majority of eu countries should be kicked out as well . 
  good luck with that !, 
  it 's not my national hobby . 
  it 's that of maybe 100 idiots max . 
  the national hobby is that we tolerate them . 
   north korea oh shit i forgot they exist for a moment there . 
   someone finally considers greece as an ally !, 
  i do n't think there is a country in the world that considers greece to not be an ally , correct me if i am wrong . 
  i read it wrong . 
  well that was 10 minutes of my life i spend writing this for no reason . 
   ~ ~ multiculturalism ~ ~ multilateralism i read it wrong ... 
  the following is now irrelevant . 
  ~ ~ i find the use of that word in the european context bothersome . 
  europe is diverse but it is n't exactly multicultural , there are underline common cultural and social elements to all european countries , which make up the core of the european identity . 
  it 's not like there are n't cultural differences in europe , but i think it is an indisputable fact that there are deeper connections between european countries than those of race or religion or civics . 
  we all have a shared history to speak of . ~ ~ ~ ~ i find it extremely bothersome that the eu leaders feel the need to borrow the worst of the american civics arena . 
  the word multiculturalism does n't describe us , or what we want from our immigrant communities , so using it for europe is disingenuous . 
  and i am truly not saying all this in the `` europe for whites '' or `` europe for christians '' sense .
