syriza is even further ahead in the polls , [ most recent projections show them winning 159 seats ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_legislative_election,_september_2015 ) . 
  what are the current odds on varoufakis taking the helm of the party ? 
  no one would dispute that , but surely it was n't deliberate . 
  from your perspective though , do you not see how offering them bailouts with these terms is bad for the creditors too ? 
  if you give them no chance at growth , you 're simply going to be back at square one again . 
  do you want to have to bail them out again ? 
   those people decided to spit in the face of their allies when they voted no . 
  maybe some of the far right wing people . 
  but to suggest the majority of greeks voted no simply to piss off their allies is incorrect . 
  they thought it was a bad deal they were being offered . 
  now that 's up for debate , but they did n't vote to upset their allies . 
  the thing that confuses me about france ; i recently saw a poll that a lot of french people were sympathetic to greece 's situation . 
  the answers i got were that the french are skeptical of neoliberal economic policies . 
  if so , why is the right party rising in france ? 
  why is n't there a left party rising in france ( podemos , syriza , sinn fein , type ) ? 
  i do n't mean the greek government . 
  i 'm just talking about ordinary greek people , who i think most people on both sides have to at least feel some empathy for . 
  you said specifically that cutting deficit spending would not help greece . 
  i 'm for reforms in the greek economy like tax reform , but only paired with economic stimulus . 
  i have n't heard people once use keynesian economics to mean unchecked debt . 
  as i mentioned in my comment , there were areas where the greek government did n't do well . 
  but this austerity that 's being imposed is not productive . 
  keynesian economics says that during a recession , to get the markets going , there needs to be some government spending . 
  i 'm all for greece reforming their taxes , and making cuts in some areas , but only if it 's paired with some spending aimed at growth . 
  [ joseph stiglitz to greece 's creditors : abandon austerity or face global fallout ] ( http://time.com/3939621/stiglitz-greece/ ) [ austerity has failed : an open letter from thomas piketty to angela merkel ( and jeffrey sachs , heiner flassbeck , dani rodrik , and simon wren-lewis ) ] ( http://www.thenation.com/article/austerity-has-failed-an-open-letter-from-thomas-piketty-to-angela-merkel/ ) [ krugman : debt deal a ` ritual humiliation ' for greece ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2015-07-13/krugman-debt-deal-a-ritual-humiliation-for-greece ), 
  how is it a radical plan ? 
  economists like paul krugman , piketty , and banherjee have all supported a grexit . 
  say what you will about him as a finance minister , but he 'd be a ridiculously interesting professor to have . 
  that 's a great point . 
  i was actually just talking with a friend , and we agreed sinn fein and podmos would be elected if syriza succeeded . 
  this deal i think , really is going to hurt these types of parties . 
  really good and easy to understand explanation , thanks . 
  this agreement is absolutely embarrassing , and the greeks deserve better . 
  does the greek government deserve blame for not properly collecting taxes and other measures ? 
  sure . 
  these bailouts sure as hell though , are counterproductive . 
  do n't want to bail greece out ? 
  fine . 
  but if you do ? 
  these ridiculous austerity terms only end you back at square one . 
  it 's miraculous that basic keynesian stimulus has turned into something radical . 
  so the question that follows is that why is n't there are left leaning party gaining power in france ? 
  hollande is actually becoming more unpopular , and the right leaning party ( la pen , their name escapes me ) seems to be the rising anti-establishment party . 
  what 's with the numbers in france ? 
  i can understand gb because they 're not in the eurozone , but france is also one of the key lenders . 
  i like how you always get a choice of sparkling or flat in europe . 
  we do n't get that choice in america . 
  same thing tsipras is i suppose . 
  he just is n't photogenic like alexis . 
  unless i see something far better , i 'm starting to think the best thing for both greece and the europe is a return to the drachma . 
  i just do n't know . 
  i like the idea of the eu and all and i love europe in general ( would n't be on this sub if i did n't ) . 
  part of me is starting to have a problem with the eu ; i think though my problem is with some of the leaders in the eu , not necessarily the organization itself . 
  you 're kind of switching the topic . 
  what i mean is that in the first place , along with bailout measures , the countries bailing out should have included genuine ways to grow the greek economy . 
  which i happen to agree with after looking into . 
  whaddya know , sometimes people agree with the guardian !, 
  my attitude is that it 's all or nothing for the would bail outers . 
  you can refuse to bail greece out altogether , or you can genuinely bail them out . 
  but bailing them out , only under the conditions of austerity is not a viable option . 
  it will simply lead you back to square one in a few years or months . 
  do n't want to bail out greece ? 
  that 's fine . 
  want to bail out greece ? 
  stop applying punitive measures , and look for things you can do to make this situation not arise again . 
  you 're not alone . 
  as an outside observer , i 'm starting to agree with you . 
  which is a fine opinion to have ; i can respect if you do n't want to deal with the bailout business at all . 
  i just think that bailing out , while attaching terms bound to end the countries up at square one again and again is a ridiculous thing to do . 
  i have to agree honestly . 
  even from considering their own country 's perspective , this is not a good thing . 
  if the lenders keep on offering punitive terms , they 'll end up right back where we are right now . 
  do n't want to bail them out at all ? 
  fine . 
  but if you want to bail them out , stop half assing it with austerity that does n't work . 
  account titled euro_euro , ostensibly only a few days old and only comments on one subject . 
  checks out . 
  how much does the debt forgiveness offered compare to the previous debt forgiveness though ? 
  is there only one problem though ? 
  from my outsider perspective , there 's so much more than just 1 factor that led to this point . 
  [ the terrorism comment was shoddily translated ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c3cj6/yanis_varoufakis_accuses_creditors_of_terrorism/csrwv40 ), 
  he seems like a cool and intelligent guy , but he 's pretty hot headed , he would have been better in an advisory role , not a negotiating one . 
  i 'm running out of jim lahey shit analogies to describe this situation, 
  hmm . . president harding ? 
  i do n't know that much about the history of the great depression , but it certanly did n't help , considering the great depression happened after it , and the stock markets crashed under harding . 
   http://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffreydorfman/2013/08/01/austerity-in-europe-it-will-work-if-its-ever-tried/ au contraire the most afflicted countries are in a depression . 
  there is no other word to describe an economy like that of spain or greece , where nearly one in four people -- and more than 50 % of young people -- can not find work . 
  to say that the medicine is working because the unemployment rate has decreased by a couple of percentage points , or because one can see a glimmer of meager growth , is akin to a medieval barber saying that a bloodletting is working , because the patient has not died yet . 
  extrapolating europe 's modest growth from 1980 onwards , my calculations show that output in the eurozone today is more than 15 % below where it would have been had the 2008 financial crisis not occurred , implying a loss of some $ 1.6 trillion this year alone , and a cumulative loss of more than $ 6.5 trillion . 
  even more disturbing , the gap is widening , not closing ( as one would expect following a downturn , when growth is typically faster than normal as the economy makes up lost ground ) . 
  how was it stupid politics ? 
  syriza was too chicken to take a firm stance , so they put it to the voters . 
  that way , whatever happens next , syriza wo n't be blamed , because they handed the choice to voters . 
  where has austerity worked before ? 
  just looking for an example . 
  after greece put the brakes on further austerity a few months ago , they were finally seeing some growth . 
  no one really has a utopian idea of returning to the drachma . 
  everyone agrees pretty much that it 's going to be a tough transition . 
  the argument is that in the long term , it gives a little hope for recovery , unlike austerity , which seems indefinite . 
  people are already hesitant to loan money to greece .
