germany , for instance . 
  uhm , yes you can . 
  public nudity is not prohibited in most european countries . 
  nono , we are not gon na fall for it this time . 
  you should have said that this is in eastern germany . 
  that 's not really a part of germany , so it does n't count, 
  did n't even notice that this happened in asia ... 
  what disaster ? 
  this makes even less sense . 
  but then again , we are talking about neo-nazis . 
  they are by definition dim-witted and ignorant . 
  bavaria : better than germany . 
  in every possible way . 
  but a racist is someone who discriminates other races but his own . 
  there are black racists . 
  just like there are fascist jews . 
  but a nazi slav is like a black member of kkk . 
  wait , what ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  a slav being a neo-nazi ? 
  does he even know for the nazis the slavs were at the same level as the jews ? 
  one day the bavarian masterrace shall be free again !, 
  how much ? 
  i want one . 
  their eyes are amazing !, 
  maybe santa will bring me one ... 
  sure , as long as france stays out of it . 
  yes , we did and we atoned for it . 
  we even never denied it like you do . 
  we took responsibility for our actions . 
  love all those german google streetview images . 
  wait ... fuck !, 
  well , kinda . 
  but does n't cavalry upgrade to helicopters ? 
  at least in civ , it did . 
  germany has been the leading tank fighting army for the last 500 years . 
  think about that !, 
  oh come on !, 
  we were so happy that the uk wanted to leave . 
  ;-( let them go !, 
  definitely yes . 
  daylight saving time has no benefits whatsoever , nowadays . 
  i walk 10 minutes every day from home to work . 
  so yes , 4 hours a week spent just on commuting would be very unacceptable for me . 
  beats me , but then again i do n't care much about karma & stuff . 
  that 's because bavaria has been under prussian occupation since 1866 !, 
  someone forgot to remove turkey from the map . 
  because ... what about the children ???? 
  we , from the bavarian masterrace , are not germans !, 
  please refrain from insinuating otherwise ever again . 
  who gives a fuck how european countries are viewed by romania , anyway ? 
  just use an open name server . 
  banning any form of clothing is utterly wrong . 
  if i , an atheist man , want to fucking wear a burka in public , i ought to be able to !, 
  do n't ban burkas , educate people !, 
  ecuadorian mother and german colombian israeli father . 
  my grandfather was rescued from auschwitz and emigrated to colombia . 
  sure , i am german , ecuadorian , colombian and israeli . 
  this . 
  that 's why i have 4 citizenships and 4 passports . 
  but the debate about dual citizenship in germany has only to do with turkish children born in germany from turkish parents . 
  in this case the child will have only the turkish nationality by birthright , but since he/she lived all his/her life in germany , he/she can get the german citizenship afterwards . 
  the proposition is now that he/she should lose the turkish citizenship in order to acquire the german one . 
  for this to work , both governments have to agree on that , otherwise that would not work . 
  what if hid country is down under ? 
  you know that religion affiliation does n't have to do anything with country of origin , right ? 
  i read it in my mind like so : tea , tea , tea , tea , chai , chai , chai , chai , herbata, 
  it 's upside down , you morons !, 
  one day the unlawful prussian occupation of bavaria will end and we will be free !, 
  there 's a difference between tons and tonnes . 
  you are referring to tonnes . 
  why ? 
  a homicide is a homicide no matter the weapon used , is n't it ? 
  you probably wo n't be killed in europe . 
  that 's a big difference ;-), 
  muslims are not a race, 
  the question makes no sense to me , because you can always find/construct a hypothetical scenario where you could justify just about anything . 
  if someone threatens to kill or harm someone i really care about , unless i rape some woman , i will do it . 
  i know that this is a constructed scenario , but as i said , you can almost always justify about anything when you are free to set the parameters . 
  fine with me . 
  have fun with bw . 
  switzerland needs to pull her head out of her ass and stop this neutrality nonesense . 
  you send some troops then we can discuss giving you a piece of territory . 
  count me in, 
  i second his decision . 
  let 's get rid of germany together once and for all . 
  aftwerwards you can side with whatever underdeveloped country you so desire and we will finally be free again from prussian oppresion !, 
  all hail king ludwig !, 
  i 'm wondering which fire brigard we are going to send to conquer these soon to be germans . 
  maybe we 'll send some volunteer brigade so that they get some field action . 
  should be enough to defeat them . 
  it is still not known what the exact formula was . 
  it is only speculated that the volcanic ashes are responsible for its durability . 
  except that in the usa the burglars also carry guns . 
  so in the end not only will the house get robbed , but probably also someone get hurt . 
  this is in the eu . 
  there are no border patrols or checkpoints between its member countries . 
  all the checking is done when you enter the eu from outside . 
  you serious ? 
  i agree with you 100 %,
