the ministry insisted yes but only because media attention on this subject is quite high at the moment . 
  would that not be the case , they would happily sell whatever the buyer wants . 
  earth is so freakin ' racist . . 
  the country is cluttered with ex military areas because of the cold war ( former allied and soviet bases ) . 
  renaturating these does not mean that the bundeswehr is getting weakend . 
  most of those areas are abandoned and contaminated with all sorts of pollutants anyway, 
   / u/sergeyr72r i still ca n't believe , how the latvian and ukrainian nationalists could fight on the fascist side , participate in ghetto assault and kill jews . 
  i have no idea what grandsons of that bastards think about their grandfathers . 
   / u/nongratasias or how soviets allied nazis in 1939 . 
  or how soviets would let nazis raze the warsaw in 1944 and massacre its population only to have easier time occupying our country . 
   / u/sergeyr72r yep , it is history . 
  so what ? 
  wow dude ... 
  a measure like that requires the speaker of the parliament to adequately explain his decision . 
  besides , the reason for the time wasting can be found with the mep, 
  not really ... 
  3 hours in and the thread has n't been brigaded . 
  what 's going on here ? 
   there are two factions of people in / r/europe regarding russian topic - people from so called ` butthurt belt ' and people from / r/russia . 
  wow dude ... this is * your * perception of what it 's like . 
  if you live in that kind of mindset , then what 's the point in arguing in online forums ? 
  i feel that in the modern media landscape , people do n't even * want * to look at an issue objectively and consider different approaches . 
  and how can they if they ca n't trust the media outlets anymore ? 
  and the results are guys like you who are on the right side no matter what . 
  every one else is part of the conspiracy ( * obviously * ), 
   strange how we have not had terrorist attacks since the refugee `` crisis '' started in earnest . 
  that 's just as stupid as right wing narrative . 
   are you really trying to say that people are trying to get others to attack `` innocents '' ? 
  that 's exactly what happens right now in germany with hundreds of attacks on refugee centers . 
   oh , that 's right , the ukrainian refugees are respectful and do n't go around in roving mass gangs groping poland women . 
  just like the vast majority of syrian refugees in germany . 
  that 's why it 's so important to take a deep breath and look at the situation , as i said , without reacting in fear like you did and just paint * all * refugees with the same brush :  these refugees you have in germany are antagonistic . 
  they do n't give a shit about you or your culture . 
  i know the situation right now is fucked up and there have to be fundamental changes in the way we are dealing with it . 
  but this kind of thinking is incredibly stupid and has dangerous implications for the future political landscapes if more and more people like you give up . 
   they want people to be more like you , because people like you would never defend germany since you think you 've got to atone for you nazi past by actually destroying yourselves . 
  i know this is the popular thing to say right now on r/europe , when a german does not fall in line with the default refugee/migrant/whatever is on the menu hate . 
  the thing is ... you do n't have any clue about what i 'm think about the situation . 
  i 'm just as critical about it as most people in germany are right now . 
  i just do n't cave in to the fear and anger . 
  r/europe right now is a good example on why direct democracy can be a dangerous thing . 
  this one :  g\u00f6ring : why , of course , the people do n't want war . 
  why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece ? 
  naturally , the common people do n't want war ; neither in russia nor in england nor in america , nor for that matter in germany . 
  that is understood . 
  but , after all , it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along , whether it is a democracy or a fascist dictatorship or a parliament or a communist dictatorship . 
   gilbert : there is one difference . 
  in a democracy , the people have some say in the matter through their elected representatives , and in the united states only congress can declare wars . 
   g\u00f6ring : oh , that is all well and good , but , voice or no voice , ** the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . 
  that is easy . 
  all you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger . 
  it works the same way in any country . 
  ** although today the fear mongering does not only come from leaders but also from within society ... might not be the circumstances but the principal is the same . 
  it 's ridiculous . . op knew exactly what he was doing . 
  he probably also knows that almost no one even in germany thinks this is a good idea and this is never going to happen . 
  this sub ... wow . 
  compare today to what it was like a couple of years ago . 
  it 's incredible how fast people can turn into a scared , reactionary mob once they * feel * threatened . 
  herman goering 's famous quote comes to mind . 
   this is not a problem to be solved by closing the doors to refugees . 
  if things go on as they have been , it might become a necessity very soon . 
  given your political education and ability of critical thinking ... how would you solve this problem ? 
  i hope you 're trolling because everything you wrote is false or misleading  the order book is full for years , every year the numbers of a380 orders grow and grow not * nearly * enough for the program to be profitable and sustainable in the future . 
  and as you can see from the source you posted ( should you have actually read it ) , deliveries are catching up fast . 
  john leahy , the chief salesman of airbus , is pulling a handful of a380 orders out of his ass every year so the program wo n't die a premature death  airbus 's biggest problem is that it ca n't build them quick enough not at all . 
  the production rate is that low because airbus does n't want to run out of orders in two years . 
  with more orders , they would happily upscale production . 
   nobody is buying their aircraft and orders are getting cancelled rapidly now were did you get that from ?? 
  boeing is the leading manufacturer on the widebody market . 
  their 777s and 787s are selling like hotcakes . 
  cancellations are normal and happen at every manufacturer . 
  trust me , i like the a380 as much as the next guy but as long as there is no neo ( new engine option , so an upgraded version of the current a380-800 ) or a stretched a380-900 ( should there be enough airlines with a demand for it ) , the a380 is finished . 
  the project just gets prolonged for political and labour reasons . 
  * cringe * you should probably inform yourself a bit before writing stuff like that . 
  free ( or let 's say very cheap ) education and health care in germany has nothing to do with whether you have rich parents or not . 
  that 's the point . 
  and honestly , there are problems with the bundeswehr , no doubt . 
  but they 're getting a big budget increase and these not air-worthy , broomstick whatever news are always blown out of proportion on reddit . 
  air-defense missiles , yes . 
   but you should n't let the fear of a terrorist attack come between you and your friends of course not . 
  my point is , if we do it we should do it properly and not let the allies do all the dirty work . 
  sitting on the sidelines is what germany will continue to do with this proposal . 
   this whole mission seems more symbolic than not . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  the tornado reconnaissance jets are ~ ~ a joke ( analog film that has to be developed ) ~ ~ dated compared to the more modern technology that is already out there ( live feed drones etc. 
  ) , albeit they 'll be of * some * use . 
  the frigate will sit around off the syrian coast with probably a ridiculously toothless mandate and do nothing except harassing some fisherman . 
  and then there is a * single * tanker aircraft . 
  big deal . 
  and what we 'll get in return is a terrorist attack in germany ... 
  you 're entering a world of pain here , / u/rectal _ smasher_2000, 
  red plastic cups at parties, 
  i think if you spend enough time on blogs , subreddits or facebook groups that push your desired agenda , you at least subconsciously absorb the ideology and since contrary viewpoints are flushed out and made fun off , you just * know * that yours is the truth ... and all the social bots on your twitter feed agree . 
  in this context , the 2016 us election would have made prime material for a black mirror episode . 
  too bad it 's already reality . 
   it does n't make sense because the popular narrative paints merkel , and by extension the cdu , as some kind of progressive multicultural leftist . 
  this is n't true at all . 
  she , and her party , are part of a center-right party that has a conservative and christian heritage . 
  this should tell you anything you need to know . 
  that 's what happens when people let r/europe thread titles shape their opinion .
