  i will not let the hate preachers on r/europe shape my opinion . 
  if have to say that i absolutely sympathize with your statement . 
  it 's pretty mind blowing how fast people generalize , especially here on reddit . 
  it almost happens automatically and instantly now . 
  every person in turkey is like erdogan . 
  every russian approves of the hooligans and when you ask the donalds , every muslim is like the orlando shooter . 
  it 's insane ... 
  using a little bit of common sense , you could realize that the vast majority of russians probably do not approve of drunken fellow countryman almost beating people to death in a french town . 
  but in all fairness , the russian governments manipulation of the media , especially online , is a major contribution to the current negativity towards russia on reddit . 
  when did the french surrender in wwi ? 
  what a load of bullshit ... and deep down you know that it is, 
  well that 's not much better is it ... ? 
  i hope that 's yellow press at least . 
  this is the internet . 
  there is no tone of voice or facial expression . 
   they really should stop . 
  otherwise it undermines their apology . 
  how does this line come across as a joke ? 
  it 's a classic reddit strategy . 
  realize that your comment was n't the brightest , so you put an / s behind it , claim it was totally a joke , and the humorless germans do n't get it once again, 
  ok i see what you mean , but i think this more connected to a bad conscience because we are living in comparatively extreme wealth and peace for the last 60 years . 
  i agree that there is a problem with the public discussion about the refugee crisis . 
  but the solution is not to put a blind eye on the darkest chapter of our history . 
  just think about what that implies , in connection with the problem you described ... 
  sure , germany moved on quite a lot from the ruins of wwii . 
  i do n't see how the remembrance of wwii is holding us back in any way . 
  if anything it makes us stronger . 
  it 's more about remembrance than constant apologizing, 
  inclusion of several cities in the vicinity and rapid growth . 
  berlin hit 1 m inhabitants before 1900 and 4 m by 1925 . 
  that site reeks of bullshit, 
  spending to much time in the r/europe filter bubble, 
   but if a government with policies that der spiegel agrees with is criticized by a magazine politically aligned with the current polish government , i suppose then it 'd be fine to call that `` biased and hostile '' . 
  i did n't say that . 
  the measurement here is and was democracy . 
  if the criticism in that case is justified , then it 's legitimate . 
  i do n't understand why you have to associate a certain political alignment of a news organization with a government or a party . 
  that is certainly not the case with der spiegel . 
  then please enlighten me where the bias of der spiegel is . 
   it 's flat out scary you ca n't understand this . 
  people like you - so deeply fanaticized that you believe your worldview is somehow protected from human inequities like bias - are the reason totalitarianisms exist . 
  your thought process is exactly the same made by marxists and nazis . 
  read up on hannah arendt , for example . 
  should be mandatory reading for germans ( who have a well documented tendency to fall for those thought process traps ) . 
  i 'm no fan of the polish government or their policies . 
  but at the end of the day , they 're vastly preferable to people like you . 
  your taking quite a mouthful there ... 
  your failure to distinguish between criticism and `` bias and hostility '' is the only ` thought process trap ' and vulnerability towards totalitarianism so far in this conversation . 
   are you really claiming der spiegel editorial leaning is n't hostile to the current polish government ? 
  i mean , that 's just absurd . 
  they clearly are biased one of the problematic aspects of our current political climate , is , that criticism is not accepted anymore . 
  the editorial leaning of der spiegel is center-democratic and always has been . 
  what you call `` biased and hostile '' is simply criticism . 
  independent and critical journalism is the nerve system of a democracy . 
  when a government pushes policies like the pis government , it is the job of the media to criticize them . 
  the only `` agenda '' behind it , is the defense of democracy and transparency . 
  maybe . 
  but the way he did it is certainly in poor taste and in the end it 's him who looks stupid  bias and their hostility that 's an odd choice of words for criticism . 
  * der spiegel * is not part of * springer * . 
  in fact , they are arch enemies . 
  springer newspapers have always been tabloid or pseudo professional , and suspicious of pushing agendas . 
  der spiegel certainly has n't . 
  if he think 's der spiegel journalists are getting political directives , it 's poor judgment , at least . 
  this really shows the difficulties diplomats have to deal with these days . 
  he makes some valid points . 
  it is definitely a problem that , while receiving a lot of money from the eu , most of it is going straight back to western european companies . 
  polish businesses wo n't get more competitive by having way less lucrative deals then their foreign counterparts . 
  this looks a lot like the structural problems we have with west and east germany and there is a lot of hypocrisy and self righteousness on the `` western '' side . 
  it 's a problem that the eu has to focus on . 
  but then he makes these * utterly * ridiculous claims that make him sound like so paranoid and erode his credibility . 
  der spiegel getting political directives ? 
  the `` everyone 's out there to get us '' attitude . 
  merkel `` giving out a political directive '' and then tusk gets elected 27 to one . 
  germany getting friendly with russia ( wtf ) . 
  anyway ... i hope poland and germany sort their stuff out together . 
  so much potential left untapped ... 
  why is it leveling off ? 
   i would say this is common practice would you apply the same logic to refugees and incidences of rape ? 
  i wish we could just leave him with the disregard and silence he deserves . 
  this is just another tit for tat-thing , and of course he will react like an eight year old , and of course his supporters are going to freak out and at the end of the day he will just get a couple of more votes . 
  there are people in prison right now in turkey that 'll get death sentences pretty soon and we use that to crack a couple of luke-warm jokes . 
  nothing will come from this except profit for erdogan and a couple of german circlejerkers wasting their energy trying to explain non-germans how this is funny, 
  you did n't acknowledge them . 
  you wrote `` they ... '' , `` turks are ... '' and `` ask a turk ... '' . 
  as if what you described is true for * every * turkish person . 
  it 's important to differentiate , especially when the news make it seem like every turkish person is an erdogan worshipper . 
   but i do n't think it 's worthy of praise . 
  i was n't talking about praise . 
   turks are one of many muslim people in germany that refuse to integrate into society and become actual germans . 
  i wish we would not generalize that much . 
  there is a decent number of turks and other muslims who have a positive attitude towards germany and live to the european and democratic ideals to a much greater extent than a lot of other europeans . 
  a lot of what you say is right , but should n't we acknowledge those who did and do integrate ? 
  to not comprimise the investigation . 
  you 'll get that name soon enough . 
  for now , let the professionals do their job, 
  source please, 
   i 'm saying we already have one ... let 's chill a bit . 
  i 'm not saying dismantle all guns and turn them into solar panel ( even though it would be something ... ) and i 'm not saying we should get armed to the to the teeth . 
  yes we already have one , but it needs to be maintained and the old stuff replaced , just like a car or a computer  let 's do that calculus . 
  the biggest fallacy of your equation - if we ignore the made-up numbers , the gross over-simplification and the exclusion of fundamental factors that would come into play , should you use that example for military equipment - is that you `` multiply by 0 '' as in : you did n't use/need the car .
