  -  it 's a liberal parade -  they must all be liberals -  i 'm going to ignore them because they do n't share my views -  they are all stupid ignorant libtards -  etc. . . 
  the problem i have with schulz is that i 'm not sure if he and his party will have the necessary tough stand on some issues concerning immigration . 
  we will need a substantial increase and acceleration of deportations since there will be a large number of immigrants with rejected asylum claims . 
  we will also need significant improvements for the protection and management of eu outer borders , not to `` block them all out '' but to gain a certain control of the situation and to manage it properly . 
  another thing would be a coordinated management of refugees inside the eu with cooperation across agencies and countries , acquisition of fingerprint databases etc. . . all of these are naturally uncomfortable subjects for left parties that will be stalled to no end by inner-party conflicts . 
  like it or not , given the situation that has developed over the last couple of years , i deem all these above mentioned steps necessary and i doubt that a spd led government will be able to handle these challenges . 
  the consequences would be an even greater surge of far right wing parties in germany and in europe, 
   also , the city made a very good deal with the bike 's provider , that consequently could n't even make a profit . 
  which is not a good thing in the long run . 
  prepare for rising prices . 
  why do you think that ? 
  +1 on the research , but i 'm sure you know what kind of posts i was referring to, 
  4 hours in with two comments ... post some obvious fake news from the worst sources and i 've got 20 guys from eastern europe and america giving me a lecture about how germany is descending into sharia law while people are getting raped and murdered left and right by immigrants all day err day . 
  post an article about how that was actually not true , and even completely made up by some confused far right nutter ... and nobody gives a shit ... got ta love r/europe, 
  no he did n't . 
  if the daily mail is banned , how ist that hate spewing , facist fake news factory still allowed ? 
  to be fair , that ist so silly that i would just laugh about the person who said that, 
  op asked people who are * not * from the eu ... 
  should have put someone with a bell in the background for maximum effect, 
  who 's writing that ? 
  not even bild is saying that . 
  they found drugs but no one knows at this point whether that had anything to do with it, 
   he changes positions on things every two days the typical image i have of him , is him sitting at some country fair or small city main-square , talking to citizens how he totally supports the latest en-voque political opinion . 
  while everyone who follows the news knows that he said the exact opposite two weeks or two months ago . 
  the damage that his flip-flopping is doing is incredible . 
  for me he 's one of the faces of the erosion of trust into politicians . 
  `` what is going ooooooon ?? ... 
  how the fuck do i get out of this club ?! '', 
  ok . and now they can . 
  yes . 
  they are taking it . 
   that 's why this ` far left ' ( according to other users ) govt got in right ? 
  they got in because : - the cdu candidate was an incompetent , loudmouth douchebag - cdu ( -5.7 % ) and spd ( -6.7 % ) lost huge amounts of votes that went over to afd ( +14.2 % ) and fdp ( 4.9 % ) . 
  - the piraten party self-destructed ( -7.2 % ) . 
  - the linke in east-berlin is a `` protest party '' for the older ex-gdr population , just like the afd is . 
  - the only reason for the gains of the linke ( +3.9 % ) , is the failure of other parties ( especially pirate and green ) . 
  as soon as we get out of berlin or other big cities , the linke is fucked . 
  there is no significant support for the policies of the linke in berlin . 
  i 'm not denying that they have * some * sensible policies , but they are infiltrated by nut-jobs . 
  it 's only gon na get worse for them . 
  i do n't know how many people remember the spd-linke senate . 
  i do , it 's nothing to look forward to ... 
  juggling with powerpoint slides ? 
  `` to this i say no . 
  whoever is a victim of far-right violence will enjoy our double protection and will not be deported . '' the left in germany is so utterly paranoid of the far-right , that they are blind of the fact that they 're laying the groundwork for a resurrection of it . 
  policies like these are a mayor reason why people , who would normally vote center/center-right , say `` fuck it . 
  i 'm voting for the afd '' ... 
   i want either race to be a null factor then you should support the student 's demands . 
  because right now it seem like the philosopher discussed are mainly not from africa or asia . 
  and since the institute is in england , they happen to be white . 
  it 's a problem that the terms used by all parties in these discussions create the impression that the `` white race '' is being attacked by this . 
  this is a misjudgment . 
  it 's about location and cultural background of scholars . 
  kant and plato are essential in the development of western philosophy , but what the hell do they know about africa ? 
   or for the permission to ` expel foreign influence ' from learning about european history , politics , etc and that `` foreign influence `` is indicated by what ? 
   i also pointed out that this post-colonial thinking is not quarantined to this college . 
  you did n't , to be honest . 
  and if that is the case , consider my criticism extended to other institutions as well . 
  a [ direct link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/5mtnrw/soas_students_call_for_white_philosophers_to_be/dc69tze/ ) would have been helpful ... 
  i do n't quite get what you are trying to say . 
  do you want the soas to stay a eurocentric institution that fosters the traditions of the era of colonization ? 
  sure , why not , but they would make a fool out of themselves . 
  i mean , not a single power of that era knew what the hell they were doing . 
  no one in their right mind would approach the scientific study of african and asian cultures through the mindset of the late 19th , early 20th century . 
   i mean , in principle they are racializing the curriculum are they not ? 
  what if it 's racialized in the first place ? 
   are they not saying european philosophers cant offer any useful insight on account of race ? 
  now you 're just putting words in peoples mouths . 
   school of oriental and african studies  `` the majority of philosophers on our courses should be from africa and asia . '', 
  well ... in * that context * i could actually make sense . 
  it would be interesting to see a list of philosophers that are discussed . 
  if you study philosophy at the school of oriental and african studies and the majority of the philosophers is not from that region , what 's the sense behind it ? 
  i doubt they were talking about plato and kant specifically , as they are quite essential . 
  the telegraph probably picked them to trigger exactly the reaction we see in this thread . 
  yeah the good old nationalism/patriotism discussion . 
  i definitely understand your points . 
  for me it 's ok to be patriotic about something when you 're actively involved in it . 
  as in being an active member in a community , paying taxes correctly , working voluntarily for a common good , cherish traditions that are not built on having a negative impact on people outside your group . 
  problem is , there are actually not too many people like that . 
  claiming the accomplishments of your parents or grand-parents for yourself , is the laziest shit ever . 
  lot 's of people who are not `` pathetic at everything else '' can be super nationalist . 
  `` proud of being xy , because * we * did this and that 50 , 100 , 1000 years ago '' is the norm , not the exception . 
   when you are pathetic at everything else i do n't know op , so i would n't go that far ... but the second part is generally how it works , yes ... 
  `` i feel proud and sad '' * cringe *, 
   it 's sigmar `` flip-flop '' gabriel talking during election year . 
  for me he 's one of the faces of the ongoing erosion of trust in politics and politicians . 
  it 's absolutely depressing when you look at his track record of positions and policies . 
  the only one i know who is worse is g\u00fcnther oettinger . 
  if the spd is stupid enough to make him their candidate , merkel 's victory is certain . 
  jeez . 
  france ca n't catch a break . . 
  just out of curiosity ... where do you draw the line there ? 
  are wroclaw or szczecin german attractions too ? 
  what about gdansk ? 
  or is it just the nazi stuff that 's german but the good stuff is polish now ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miniatur_wunderland ) never been there ... guess it 's nice to see . 
  but top tourist attraction of germany ? 
   really heavy weight german attraction top kek, 
  seriously ?? 
  oh god that 's so lame,
