  those teachers are going to have a bright future in the ministry of education . 
  well ... 
  the one with the hijab at least . 
  half of those are just anniversaries for random stuff iphone presented 10 years ago ... jeez ... make it a national holiday, 
   so has there been a lot of deportations of people who entered without a valid claim ? 
  also has there been a major change in allowing people who hop on boats to enter without issue ? 
  to these questions , the answers so far is no . 
  but that does n't mean that people are not working on it . 
  there are legal processes for these things and they have to be obeyed . 
  and some of these processes have to be adjusted to meet these challenges . 
  but you ca n't say that there has been no change to the situation . 
  the massive flow of 2015 has stopped . 
  border checks are being established . 
  deportations will definitely be upscaled quite drastically but it wo n't happen over night . 
   because from what i 've seen it 's still going on , it 's just mostly coming from libya instead of turkey this time and mainly effecting italy . 
  i feel we will have the same situation again . 
  those numbers do n't compare at all . 
  but i agree that we have to learn from the mistakes made in germany and should takle that issue collectively . 
   that is why screening and blocking of radicals and extremists is important . 
  agreed . 
  well that sounds better, 
   when you criticise this , you get the responses he mentioned . 
  that is just not true . 
  there are people who say that , sure . 
  but they are definitely a small minority by now . 
  there is plenty of critizism and the notion that the refugee policies of 2015 were wrong is the mainstream opinion i germany . 
  by now the not-pc-argument is just used to legitimize stupid and borderline racist , xenophobic stuff like `` stop telling me that people coming here are refugees . '' . 
  and then people complain that they get called out for it ... come on ... 
   stop telling me that people coming here are refugees . 
  you 're jumping from one extreme into another . 
  * of course * the vast majority of people from syria are refugees . 
  i 'm sure you have heard the news about the war there during the last couple of years . 
  you 've seen the pictures . 
  yes , the refugee policies of 2014/15 were a mistake because they were exploited by economic migrants and terrorists . 
  this is obvious by now . 
  that 's why the `` open door '' policies have been changed . 
  and they will keep on changing in a thoughtful and sane manner . 
  it is not `` sick and destructive political correctness '' to differentiate between terrorists and normal people i have to be honest here . 
  your statement is incredibly weak . 
  you make the same hateful generalizations as the terrorists . 
  you 're giving them exactly what they want , because this is the only way they actually achieve anything . 
  if you do n't care anymore , you have lost . 
   so now they do have a name etc i just hope that they 're still investigating in other directions . 
  who knows if that is n't a decoy ... 
  i agree with some of your points . 
  i 'm not advocating staying passive about all this . 
  some effects of the conflicts in the middle east are sort of swashing over into europe and the governments have to react . 
  maybe `` memory will fade away '' was the wrong way to put it . 
  you could say that people are getting used to it . 
  i know it sound pretty morbid on a day like this . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is that the thread of terrorism for 99.9999 % of the population is a purely psychological and hypothetical one . 
   i would very much like it to not happen but these attacks keep happening and they are going to cause a reaction . 
  well , it 's quite simple really . 
  peaceful people around the world , no matter where they are from or what religion they follow , have to stay calm and sane . 
  terrorism is destined to fail . 
  it runs on purely murder . 
  terrorists are n't going to take over anything in europe . 
  * the only way * for terrorism to succeed is to stress out ordinary people to an extend that they turn on each other . 
  so i 'm not going to lament on reddit about the `` ongoing and inevitable war between muslims and the west '' because that * war * simply does not exist in the real world . 
  a few unlucky souls are directly affected by terrorist attacks and they deserve our full support as well as the respective agencies of the government should have the resources necessary to persecute the perpetrators and do what 's possible to prevent further attacks . 
  but the fact is , people who are not affected by this will go on about their daily lives , memory will fade away , because * nothing * will have changed for them . 
  i do n't know how many muslim you know but i 've never met a normal muslim who does n't utterly hate terrorists . 
  and by the way . 
  there have been demonstrations by muslims against terrorism in germany . 
  the thing is ... when they actually did it , nobody gave a shit . 
   and obviously the people themselves are far from being at fault , this is the absolute truth and perhaps op 's use of the word degenerate was too far . 
  that what i was getting to . 
   but one thing we ca n't shy away from is the clear divide that only seems to be widening between the west and turkey . 
  we could compare portugal and turkey but we would be wasting bandwidth with hypotheticals . 
  turkey has no place even at the negotiating table with its current status . 
  it 's an unfortunate outcome from erdogan 's policies and his anti progressive policies . 
  i agree completely . 
   so what is your solution ? 
  should we appease erdogan because less than 50 % of the country did n't vote for him ? 
  of course not . 
  i do n't understand how not calling the whole of turkey degenerate should lead to appeasing erdogan . 
   he represents turkey . 
  he broke the `` do n't be a dick '' rule and unfortunately for turkey , this should close the book on any kind of accession talks ( if they were n't already dead . ), 
  i completely agree and do n't you think we should keep ourselves aware about the fact that * more * than 50 of the voters of the last election did n't vote for him ? 
  that millions of turks are afraid of the way things are developing ? 
  i think we should be able to differentiate here . 
  it 's 2016 after all , not 1916 . 
  imagine costa does something really messed up , that you and millions of portuguese disagree with and you 're looking into an uncertain future with mass arrests and terror attacks . 
  and people from europe talk about how degenerate portugal is and project your leaders failures on your country as a whole . 
  how would you feel about that ? 
  lol , that interpretation is highly subjective and debatable . 
  instead of playing semantical gymnastics like that , op could have just specified to erdogan and his henchmen and supporters . 
   this degenerated country . 
  the 50 % that did n't vote for akp are degenerate as well ? 
  judging from everything that is happening in turkey under erdogan , freezing the accession talks is really the only sensible option right now . 
  they made the bed themselves , now they have to lay in it . 
  arguing with these akp politicians is like arguing with 14 year olds that ca n't handle puberty . 
  some of the turkish people i know in germany are afraid about the future of turkey , but most of them are like : `` i do n't know anything about politics , so i 'm voting for erdogan '' . 
  what happens right know in turkey is nothing short of a tragedy , but people are lulled in short term success and tough-guy antics of their leader against the big bad west . 
  one can only hope that they wake up in time . 
  atat\u00fcrk must be rolling in his grave ... 
  well ... at least that 's the plan, 
   we all know that newspapers do n't put it as ` breaking ' news if it was just a psycho . 
  nonsense , they 'll slap `` breaking news '' on anything to generate klicks , especially violent crimes . 
  classic go-to sentence for americans when they 're embarrassed once again .
