  it 's crazy to see how certain topics are taken up on reddit and develop a life of their own . 
  you notice it especially when it 's about something regarding your home country , where you have more perspective , sources or even own experiences . 
  i 'm sure people from other countries know what i mean . 
  the truth does n't matter , we just take what fits our misguided preconceptions and create our own . 
  now that a large majority of human communication happens on the internet , everyone can just retreat and isolate themselves in their own echo chambers and filter bubbles . 
  it totally creeps me out ... 
  what goes with it traditionally ? 
  mashed potatoes ? 
  i think there are variations of it around central europe . 
  my father makes it every year . 
  it 's the perfect comfort food for cold winter evenings . 
  yes , i 'm hungry now as well ... 
  this is gon na go well ... 
  with space programs , it 's always about political prestige . 
  with esa , the big money spenders grab all the lime light . 
  if you look at the contributing countries it 's quite surprising how many there are , yet most of the time you just hear about france , germany , italy , uk and spain , because all the infrastructure is there . 
  [ `` weed '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w58bpclegt4 ), 
  nope, 
  lot 's of different connotations and definitions . 
  shows how irrelevant your initial comment was . 
  you deserve all the downvotes you 're getting . 
  there are lot 's of different forms and definitions of nationalism . 
  you could even say that everyone who lives and believes in a nation state would be a nationalist , which would be almost everyone on earth . 
  if you understand the issue as well as you claim , you would have worded your post very differently . 
  nationalism has a negative connotation because there are a lot a bad examples for what strong or extreme nationalism can lead to and the modern day germany certainly is n't one of them . 
  you sound like a wannabe edgy polsci freshman who just read anderson and takes it at face value . 
  get off your high horse ... 
  pretty accurate . 
  your german is amazing dude !, 
  just make sure you shout it at the top of your lungs while looking as aggressive as possible . 
  no seriously ... who said we should let in more muslim because we have a surplus ? 
   account surplus ? 
  quick bring more muslims in !, 
  and who 's saying that except yourself ? 
  pretty rude to call that question silly . 
  for merkel , these results are alarming . 
  the fact that a significant portion of the population engage in `` protest voting '' is a direct consequence of her policies . 
  it might not be the beginning of the end but it 's a continuing trend that she should not ignore . 
  oh look , another one of those bitter haters from some boring shithole . 
  do n't you have work to do ? 
   every big berlin company ( for example siemens , aeg , telefunken , osram , allianz , deutsche bank , edeka , lufthansa and commerzbank ) relocated after the city was the divided . 
  so you have a 3,5 million city with almost no big company headquarters i love how that conveniently get 's ignored when r/de takes it 's daily dump on berlin, 
  [ me when the americans discover this ] ( https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3a%2f%2fmedia.riffsy.com%2fimages%2f5f61df615cf47bfad16ce5c62c186220%2fraw&amp;f=1 ), 
  everyone was out there to get you , huh ? 
  i do n't get that question . 
  berlin was one of the biggest and most influential cities of the world during the first decades of the 20th century , then the capital of the third reich , then a major theater of the cold war and now a cultural and political hotspot . 
  if i were a tourist , i would pick berlin before anything else in germany , * especially * if i had limited time, 
  awesome !, 
  if it was n't clear before , these events show pretty clearly what kind of people dominate these subs . 
  and why one has to hope that americans vote for a lying , corrupt puppet of the establishment , because she is the lesser of two evils . 
  look pretty gay to me ... 
  well you never know these days on this subreddit ... and i 'm not sure if that puts you in a better light because that line has been used to death . 
  so do n't accuse me of not understanding humor if yours is as lame as that, 
  solid arguments mate . 
  have you tried r/the _ donald ? 
  everyone over there `` argues '' like that . 
  just in bold and caps ... 
   i 'm amazed by how fast the whole edifice is crumbling . 
  you guys really want to see things that are just not there . 
  could you please elaborate on that ? 
  edit : that 's what i thought ... 
  yes and do n't make the mistake of pointing that out during a discussion on this subreddit . 
  you 'll get crucified . 
  i see what you mean . 
  there is a potential for a snowball effect , but i just do n't see that happening on a large scale . 
  the eu is just to beneficial for countries and i 'm convinced that the brits have just shot themselves in the foot . 
  but brexit sure is a massive sign for eu politics and hopefully we 'll get reforms out of it . 
  there probably have to be reforms to stop this anti eu trend . 
  so in the end we might end up benefiting from brexit . 
  exciting times ahead, 
  well ... let 's not overreact here ... 
   even if op meant all turkish people , who gives a shit . 
  i do . 
  a lot of people , actually . 
  maybe not on this subreddit , but * out there * in reality , you know ... 
  yeah that 's how i interpreted his comment . 
  and that 's probably how he meant it . 
  but since we 're on r/europe , who knows , right ? 
  do n't be so butthurt . 
  it makes a massive difference on how your comment is perceived . 
  might seem clear to you , but for others it 's not . 
  you said `` turkey '' and `` they '' . 
  when you read `` germany '' on reddit , do you automatically assume that it refers to merkel & co ? 
   they 've gone bat shit crazy their government certainly has and with it a lot of brainwashed people . 
  who 's they ? 
  let 's try not to generalize like that . 
  i do n't think his/her post was in any way directed against you ... 
  the point is , a reporter running around in an underground car with a microphone and asking everyone in front of other people , is not very representative ... 
  yes it probably does . 
  edit : point still stands though ... 
   `` only dumb people use social media '' . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i said that the angry and loud people stand out ... because they are angry and loud . 
  but that is not a good representation of * all * people involved , be it r/europe or facebook or whatever, 
   thats neither hate preach , nor is it my target to shape you opinion i was n't calling you one , but judging from your comment , you happily let these people * shape your * opinion . 
  and by `` these people '' i mean germans who see no problem with the way germany treats it 's european neighbors and poles who think the whole world is out there to get them , and all the other now-it-alls and internet tough guys who seek simple explanations for complex problems to fit their simple minds . 
  r/europe is like a town hall meeting were the village idiot gets all the attention just because he screams the loudest, 
   same thing on the other side . 
  speak for yourself . 
  almost all polish people i met were nice .
