  i think most people would agree that isis must be dealt with by government forces/police , and not you and i. 
  there is plenty of things we can deal with though , that the police do n't . 
  rape and other kind of assaults , for example . 
  i agree about buying weapons . 
  people should not be able to go to the mall , get a hair-cut , a hamburger and pick up an assault-rifle or two . 
  it should be heavily regulated , like it is with the military and militia . 
  some things to keep in mind , if someone want to discuss : 1 . 
  this is really a hypothetical question , for the sake of discussion . 
  nobody 's getting any guns ; especially not the general public . 
  we do n't need to look far to see what that leads to ... 2 . 
  people has always gotten training for this type of stuff , conscription , militia membership etc , as i 'm sure it has in most other countries as well . 
  i am trained with a pistol and the ak-4 , and is allowed to arrest people , and so are many others that did military service ( though i 'm not entirely sure if the arrest thing is because i was in intelligence , or if everyone gets it ) . 
  this is not about `` give everyone guns '' it 's about whether to ( continue to ) properly arrange for people to participate in the defense of their own communities . 
  there would be way more scrutiny here then what it used to be when they handed out weapons only a few decades ago ( mostly out of tradition , and fear of the russians ) . 
  thing is the russians never did anything to us , but the criminals and fighters that 's entering into europe un-checked now do , so there will most likely be incidents . 
  most self defence involving guns atm . 
  involves hunting rifles and shotguns , which really is the worst you can use . 
  military weapons such as pistols and assault-rifles are much better . 
  also , the ammunition is designed to wound and thereby incapacitate , unlike that for hunting weapons which is designed to kill . 
  if shots has to be fired , it 's better they come from a weapon designed to wound humans then those made to kill moose and bears . 
  they are also not `` sprayed '' . 
  usually you 'd set it to single fire or burst ( which is a quick burst of 3-4 bullets ) , so firing is not very different from shooting a normal hunting rifle - except less noise , flash , and recoil . 
  it used to be that everyone was conscripted at a certain age , then some people moved on to do some militia stuff for a while . 
  it could work the same way : in order to own a weapon you would have to have done x months of training , and then participate in a ( government controlled ) militia group which practices and does other related things y times every year . 
  by doing so you would be allowed to keep a certain standard-issue weapon at your home , in a proper gun-safe , and a specific type of ammunition ( the amount would have to be accounted for ) . 
  i think the argument that weapons and ammunition should n't be allowed because they could be stolen is false . 
  if people ca n't own weapons because there is a overwhelming risk people will break in and steal it , that 's proof that they are needed . 
  it 's getting worse , and most of the resources has been stripped from defense such as police and militia . 
  not enough to warrant a `` give everyone weapons aaahhhh '' response though ; that 's not what this is about . 
  just a question - how can we best defend ourselves against increasing violence and crime . 
  what 's the best , most efficient way . 
  apparently not , so better ban encryption just to be safe . 
  this still stands . 
  hahaha . 
  even if this man probably did not die as gloriously as the russian media ( ... ) portrays it , he died fighting a very dangerous and hideous group of people that are our enemies as well . 
  nit-picking a media report on his death is kind of disrespectful imo . 
  i doubt many here has lifted one finger to defend us from those people ( no , posting on an internet forum does n't count ) . 
  sorry , on behalf of my country . 
  not everyone were present when the brains were handed out . 
  big surprise ... 
  they do n't need them . 
  they got more mass shootings each year then there are days , where school-children and other innocents are murdered by their own countrymen . 
  we do n't have as much ( although some , like in norway a few years ago ) . 
  also , the boston marathon bombing was fairly big , and could have been worse since there were bombs involved . 
  i do n't think they 're any better or worse , all things considered . 
  but yes , we need to kick these people out asap . 
  being able to go to other countries , live off their welfare and then start shooting and bombing is not a human right , even though many seem to think it is . 
  do n't ask me why . 
  these stats are retarded . 
  iceland 54k what the hell is going on up there ? 
  back doing viking stuff ? 
  moscow is the glorious capitol of putinstan , and has approval of 100 % . 
  this is gay euros propaganda . 
  post which war exactly ? 
  i wish he could come here too . 
  need to have a talk with the us about maintaining our post-viking partnerships . 
  women warned not to go out in sweden , but they can , and are . 
  police and government being passive does not mean the rest of society is . 
  pub owners , taxi drivers and normal people are keeping a lookout for this type of behavior , and comitting vehicles and other things to make sure everyone can live as normal until this has been dealt with - and it is being dealt with . 
  at least this is how it works in the north , where i live . 
  the southern cities like stockholm , malm\u00f6 and g\u00f6teborg ( gothenburg ) seem to have a very different attitude , and is fine with this type of stuff being the new normal . 
  not a politics person , but this just seems realistic . 
  if i was a regular turk , that 's probably what i 'd think too . 
  we should have committed to this or dropped it a long time ago . 
  hopefully it will be good relations regardless . 
  there are many women doctors and other educated people from `` eastern bloc '' here in scandinavia . 
  it 's fairly well known that the soviets had a great educational system , and that their schools produced not only educated people , but great athletes as well . 
  we probably have them to thank for a lot of the good stuff in our educational systems . 
  yes , it will . 
  agree . 
  even though they somewhat reluctantly took the rains , which was probably a good thing at the time . 
  in my opinion : you ca n't `` lead '' europe . 
  it does n't want to be lead . 
  the eu needs to be a much more dynamic union , and that 's also where it 's headed ( seeing how the financial and refugee crisis proved that the current model is not good ) . 
  countries are not free enough in dealing with their own issues , because the framework is not flexible enough . 
  the reason i believe is simply that the eu is young , and much of the current charter was designed by economic and political theorists . 
  it did n't pass the latest reality checks . 
  what we 're seeing now is simply a ( inevitable ) normalization process . 
  eu take 2 will be much more interesting . 
  amen, 
  stupid idea ... 
  agree . 
  this pipeline makes perfect sense . 
  if i was a german i 'd be very happy about this , as i would get gas directly from the source ; no transit fees , no political issues , only that sweet gas . 
  if i was a gazprom executive , i 'd be very happy about this as well . 
  if there 's something germany does well it 's paying :p this is also good in terms of the environment . 
  gas is cleaner then coal , which germany uses a lot of . 
  `` but what about evil fuhrer russia '' , yes , what about them ? 
  we 've sent the message about their acting in the ukraine , and i 'm pretty sure they got it . 
  what else is there to do really . 
  hopefully the sanctions will stop in june so things can go back to business as usual . 
  one less shit-storm to worry about ... 
  agree . 
  this pipeline makes perfect sense . 
  if i was a german i 'd be very happy about this , as i would get gas directly from the source ; no transit fees , no political issues , only that sweet gas . 
  if i was a gazprom executive , i 'd be very happy about this as well . 
  if there 's something germany does well it 's paying :p this is also good in terms of the environment . 
  gas is cleaner then coal , which germany uses a lot of . 
  `` but what about evil fuhrer russia '' , yes , what about them ? 
  we 've sent the message about their acting in the ukraine , and i 'm pretty sure they got it .
