tl ; dr when you bully and attack a smaller neighbour , but they leave your god forsaken union every chance they get , become more a efficient tyrant by targeting entire families rather then single individuals . 
  trump and putin approved . 
  0 shits were given in regions like vascau . 
  or maybe there was more then 0 , but they were n't able to articulate it . 
  agree . 
  although given the current circumstances , i can honestly live with a few extra accidental pepper spray incidences , knowing that those that need it is trained to face attackers and to use it . 
  at least it 'd be better then accidental gun shot wounds ... 
  it does , but it also does not have the same type of crime problems like we do in some other countries . 
  even though i updated the post now ( generally in favor of non-lethal weapons over guns ) it is not a good comparison . 
  for example , you also have very little terrorist activity , and no terrorist attacks , and you 're not flooded by mentally unstable people commiting rapes , crimes , etc. 
  agree . 
  updated post . 
  probably in an outright gun battle ... been considering alternatives like non-lethal weapons , and probably that 's a better alternative in most real-world cases . 
  updated the post . 
  that 's great . 
  ammo definitely should be kept track of . 
  it would be easier to obtain weapons , yes , but keep in mind criminal gangs and such still get weapons . 
  a quick search yields this : http://time.com/how-europes-terrorists-get-their-guns/ . 
  it is being counter-acted according to this : http://money.cnn.com/2016/01/05/news/gun-control-europe-new-laws/ . 
  these laws would still be in effect . 
  there is a middle ground between `` giving everyone a weapon '' and allowing responsible individuals limited access to weapons for self-defence purpose . 
  you saying that someone wanting to rob someone else , or break into their houses , does not care if they or someone in their company is armed or not ? 
  they have a 0 % concern ? 
  their brain just do n't take that into account ? 
  that seems like the kind of thing one would include in their risk assessment . 
  i certainly would , though maybe i ' m projecting . 
  i do n't know the numbers . 
  this just does n't make any sense . 
  i agree fully - the big issue is people carrying weapons around ; especially in public . 
  that would definitely make for a less safe society . 
  that 's pretty much a given . 
  people still have , and will always have weapons around . 
  does n't mean they get stolen . 
  where i live , almost everyone has weapons ; either for sport ( target shooting ) or hunting . 
  they 're not being stolen , and they 're not killing innocents . 
  there is no data suggesting that . 
  it 's just not a thing . 
  maybe in greece and some other places it is , but not here . 
  you would be at a disadvantage facing a criminal , yes , but that 's mostly because you 're not trained with weapons , or how to act in those types of situations . 
  training helps . 
  if police were well funded and competent this would n't even be an issue , but the fact is they 're not . 
  yes , you would be at a disadvantage if someone initiated an attack . 
  it 's a gun , not a shield of invincibility , although tbh . 
  in most of these type of cases , i.e. 
  meeting someone on the street , i suppose non lethal weapons would generally be a better choice . 
  and maybe in general . 
  come to think of it , i ca n't see one good reason to use a gun over a non-lethal weapon in any of the cases i proposed here , attempted rape , burglary , etc. 
  i think they 're being downvoted because the people against seem to mostly have knee-jerk , clich\u00e9 answers , or did n't read the post . 
  `` everyone gets a gun '' - nobody has said that , least of all i ( the op ) . 
  `` will normal people carry it around '' - um . . sometimes ? 
  they 're weapons , they need to be carried by a person to be of any use . 
  mostly they 'd be locked up in a proper gun-safe though . 
  `` do we feel threatened by people around us '' - i do n't . 
  it 's not me i 'm worried about , though . 
  i 'm a 35 year old man with access to weapons . 
  i worry mostly about others , as crime-rates keeps increasing , along with violence , hatred , and extremists of all kind . 
  personally i 'm more afraid of knee-jerk government responses like banning encryption , then i am of being subject of these crimes myself . 
  biggest reason i believe is influx of people in bad living conditions ( so more likely to be criminals ) , in combination with extra load on social functions such as police etc. , making it harder to do law enforcement . 
  that in combination with generally very bad and naive politics . 
  then 1000 other reasons ... 
  i do n't think of this is a `` immigrants or us '' issue though , plenty of crime and other stuff to go around . 
  before this it was drug related stuff , motorcycle gangs etc. 
  steady downwards trajectory . 
  that being said , the raise in rape and other attacks on women is mostly immigrants . 
  5 years ago i would never have said this , but now i will : they simply ca n't be trusted with anything that has to do with women . 
  seems they ca n't stand the thought of them being happy , or making decisions for themselves . 
  i do n't know why . 
  will do . 
  investment strategy seems smart , but is that likely to happen ? 
  people keep saying this needs to happen but it never does . 
  meanwhile there 's a whole lot of crime and raping going on . 
  this i think is a long term and a short term solution , and does not conflict with any of your ideas . 
  short term in that it sends a signal to criminals ( right now ) that people are fed up , long term in that it is nice to have this in place for when the next security breakdown happens . 
  is n't that the rationale between the second amendment - `` if shit happens '' ? 
  we had nothing in place . 
  been relying on you guys to do our heavy lifting for too long . 
  edit : basically - if we never have to `` apply '' this hypothetical system then great , if we do , then good that it 's hyptothetically in place :d, 
  the psych argument is not fully valid imo . 
  like i point out , most countries has had lots of weapon laying around in peoples homes , including mine , and there was no epedemic of mentally ill people shooting at eachother . 
  your kids wo n't end up with your weapons . 
  that would be illegal , just as it is with hunting weapons . 
  only the owner is allowed access to them , which laws of proper gun-safes can/does ensure . 
  the system must be a living , breathing thing though . 
  you ca n't pass a test and then pile up on machine-guns . 
  you 'd have to participate in government sanctioned programs ( e.g. 
  militia activities ) where gun safety and training and such is taught . 
  or something . 
  it should probably involve country music . 
  about rape and other crime : it 's a lot actually , and it 's getting worse . 
  the media is n't latching on , they actually make it look like less . 
  i meet actual rape victims and most do n't go to the police . 
  women do n't want to go out , are afraid , etc. 
  also , since it 's constantly getting worse , it 's constantly getting worse for the old victims as well as news reports and warnings reminds them and basically triggers their psychological issues . 
  reason most do n't report is because they do n't trust government or police . 
  i understand them . 
  agree . 
  all that stands between us and armed criminals ( of all types ) is the police , and they 're not very well funded . 
  lot of pressure on the systems / social functions right now , all across europe . 
  if criminal types do n't fear the police they quickly start making life very uncomfortable for people . 
  there is more to worry about then isis .
