  throw the book at them . 
  they 're deliberately circumventing the law . 
  they 'll probably be hit with a class action lawsuit next when their consumers find out that they will have to have lower performance than what was advertised in order to actual meet emissions standards . 
  for people who have a political memory of 5 years it might seem that way . 
  of course that very same system has at other times been at the forefront of global liberalism . 
  do n't mistake current events for historic trends . 
  we are at the cusp of a major demographic change of course things are n't going smoothly . 
  go right ahead . 
  or continue sitting on your hands and believing that if you do not act you can not fail . 
  language is the problem there . 
  you can get entry level jobs here that pay $ 30k + and will quickly promote into better lower management positions for good workers . 
  one needs to speak english though or at least spanish . 
  destroyers typically serve an escort role in the fleet . 
  in modern navies that means anti-submarine , anti-aircraft , anti-missile , and electronic warfare roles . 
  in the past they were also used to set smoke screens and do short range torpedo charges at enemy capital ships when line of sight surface warfare was still a thing that happened . 
  a frigate these days is pretty much a smaller destroyer . 
  because of its size it may not be able to perform all the roles simultaneously but just specializes in a few . 
  being smaller they are also more likely to serve in littoral ( coastal waters ) navies instead of blue-water navies . 
  in this way they can be built for speed to engage many smaller boats with their cannons , etc. 
  cruisers historically were used for commerce raiding . 
  fast , long ranged , heavily armed , but not necessarily heavily armored . 
  as the battleship 's heavy guns have become obsolete in the age of missiles the cruiser is now the largest surface combatant . 
  they now carry a huge payload of missiles for attacks on land targets as well as additional air defense for the fleet . 
  since vertical launch missiles have become so modular they are also present on large destroyers and submarines , too . 
  the cruiser is pretty much just a very large destroyer these days . 
  edit : large destroyers and cruisers also typically house helicopters these days . 
  helicopters equipped with sonar buoys are outstanding in anti-submarine roles . 
  united states of america , heir to alexander , seat of the new roman empire , and successor of the han dynasty is our new name . 
  until you get an electric car anyway . 
  what 's incredible to me is the countries which do n't have their own automotive industries and are just guaranteeing themselves more expensive car prices . 
  trump is just riling up extremists who are more likely to vote in primaries . 
  in general election he has no chance . 
  i expect more moderate republicans will eventually settle on a candidate who they think has an actual shot at the presidency . 
  right now their opinions are split . 
  dod/doe just `` recently '' finished one . 
  [ nif ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_ignition_facility ) is favored because its reaction type more closely resembles that of nuclear weapons making it a useful device for testing high density fusion . 
  they pretty much rewrote the book on making powerful lasers while building this thing essentially making itself obsolete by the time it was finished . 
  no word on when a new one will be budgeted , congress is n't really in the big spending on science or nuclear research mood . 
  work on the navy 's laser systems is probably advancing the engineering knowledge towards a future economical inertial fusion reactor , though . 
  as with colliders the need is build a yet bigger and more powerful version , and so on , finding new problems and breakthroughs along the way . 
  every other athlete who has times even close to bolt 's has been shown to be a doper of some form or another . 
  you think he 's legit ? 
  there has n't been a legit world champion sprinter in 30 years . 
  they 're a relative tax haven within the us for having low state corporate tax levels . 
  their federal taxes are the same as any other state . 
  these people burning down shelters , hurling stones , and wishing death on people unlike themselves sound like they would fit in perfectly in isis . 
  perhaps they should be sent to syria and the refugees can have their homes . 
  unless the russians are rolling around in old tanks they 're mostly just infantry and light vehicle busters now . 
  missiles do the tank busting . 
  blue angels usually do their stunts over water but obviously have to cover a huge area and go over cities getting in position . 
  i 've only ever seen the thunderbirds at usaf airfields ( which are enormous ) . 
  they do everything over empty ground except when they purposefully fly right over the crowd at low altitude ( just level flight though ) . 
  declared war . 
  they did n't actually * go * anywhere . 
  sadly not uncommon for tourists to the west to be unprepared for the conditions . 
  sounds like they were dehydrated before they even set out for the hike . 
  if anyone is planning to visit make sure you always have with you at least a full day 's water ( more if you are going somewhere remote ) and are prepared for both extreme heat and cold . 
  always have a map . 
  canada gets no respect . 
  the prices on that website are insane , at least for my location . 
  that 's not an unusual salary for engineers or doctors in the us . 
  consider that to lure people away from home usually takes an even higher salary . 
  the point is that indian writers having a strong non-european foundation to expand upon . 
  more like the doors ft snoop dogg . 
  it 's criticized for being a very eurocentric prize . 
  downvoters must agree that sweden has produced more quality literature than all of asia and latin america . 
  india is a particularly great example . 
  thousands of years of rich literary tradition . 
  a billion residents . 
  only prize : to the ardent advocate of british imperialism and author of `` the white man 's burden '' , rudyard kipling . 
  it 's a prize for how like the current trend of european literati one can be . 
  kipling was certainly a great author , by why has no indian won since ? 
  thankfully the latest director seems to actually be interested in global literature . 
  maybe one day it will be a true representation of global contribution to literature . 
  the supreme court serves this function in the us . 
  wow , that 's a waste of a great national team . 
  modern farming is very capital intensive and needs a lot of land for the investment to be worthwhile . 
  less than that and you 're just looking at subsistence farming -- eating your own crops and struggling to get finished goods . 
  russian empire needed to do this 150 years ago when small farmers could make a living . 
  nonetheless there are those who will go just to live far from authority and people telling them how to live their lives . 
  yep , they throw expensive parties . 
  in exchange they get official title and the invaluable chance to network . 
  it 's a bit too smite-y for an anthem . 
  especially when it 's our own countrymen being smitten . 
  if the vehicle is in good enough condition it will be loaded onto a ship and sold in a market with lower safety requirements . 
  some plumber 's trucker from texas was in an attack , too . 
  same thing , sold it to a scrap yard . 
  the local universities are the seed which start silicon valley to begin with . 
  remember it 's silicon valley , not web valley or google valley . 
  it 's a concentration of tech companies older than mainstream internet use or even home computing . 
  stanford and cal were early pioneers in computing and developed a lot of crucial innovations . 
  while the valley has since grown and taken on a life of its own those universities are definitely the seed from which it grew . 
  ironically , it was also important that land in the south bay area was cheap and abundant , probably something that contributed to it not being boston or london that became the world 's tech capital . 
  sounds more like the euro , really . 
  congress does n't engage in any official diplomacy , they only ratify the treaties and approve the expenses . 
  basically every colonial power before wwii as well . 
  that makes it useless . 
  it works because the the countries which have real world power also have power in the un . 
  this ensures that they are permanently at the proverbial table and talking . 
  the world has far fewer scheming great powers and shadowy alliances after the un than before it .
