  it 's really sticky . 
  if you charge a line of infantry nobody on horseback is going to stop and stay there fighting . 
  they 're supposed to charge through the line or turn around and ride away immediately . 
  the entire point of cavalry is to use the speed and power of a charge . 
  also the artillery stinks . 
  that 's largely the fault of total war not actually rewarding complex strategies . 
  spanish-american war is i think their last big international war . 
  though it 's difficult to see how spain would at all warrant reparations . 
  suffering was borne by cubans and filipinos which have plentifully complex relationships with the us . 
  uk is already in a joint program with the us for missiles . 
  unless you mean a joint boomer program or a joint warhead program . 
  afaik us and uk also share some data on warheads/testing although that stuff is super classified so who really knows . 
  outstanding camera work . 
  just realized we 're less than 18 months from the next olympic tournament . 
  hype . 
  i think brazil will have good crowds . 
  ukraine can not join nato with an active border dispute . 
  i like all the high visibility stickers and reflectors . 
  we have an entire mothballed air force if you need some more equipment . 
  probably more about ramping up the number of crews and maintenance personnel in service . 
  planet america # 1 in solar system . 
  we have a separate military space program . 
  it 's part of the united state air force . 
  there 's also a separate surveillance space program : the national reconnaissance office . 
  each has a larger budget than esa , btw . 
  it can make the domedtic industries really inefficient and not productive enough . 
  too many small protected farms with lower yields than a larger one with more capital intensive equipment . 
  surprised by japan . 
  greenland is n't in europe . 
  i think spanish is the best after english . 
  almost as many speakers , rapidly developing economically , population still increasing , etc. 
  i do n't expect mandarin to be much of a cultural export and learning the writing system is just too much of a pain in the ass for most people to be bothered . 
  i know three people who speak mandarin or cantonese but ca n't use simplified chinese beyond simple stuff . 
  somehow i always mess up bulgaria and romania . 
  i did n't say i wanted a revolution . 
  just that starting fresh has certain advantages that ca n't really be replicated . 
  i have issues with our constitution but starting fresh has a high risk of throwing out the baby with the bathwater . 
  nearing on 250 years suggests a fairly stable foundation . 
  newly formed/reformed countries : their `` young '' laws , bureaucracies , and institutions . 
  they 've had the opportunity to overhaul old systems ( forced upon them ) . 
  the idea of tackling longstanding , ingrained problems is daunting to say the least . 
  i guess the same can be said for smaller countries . 
  we do it for 3 years . 
  it 's too little and much too late ( not starting until about age 12-14 usually ) . 
  i think the biggest problem is people just not getting anything out of it . 
  american teenagers are not interested in watching mexican telenovelas and their spanish-speaking peers are by that point already fluent in english . 
  the americans i know who can really speak another language well either had it as their mother tongue or were interested enough in it to dive in to living 1-2 years totally immersed in the language in chile or japan or whatever . 
  chinese is multiple languages . 
  yeah . 
  he was on a trip or whatever and they simply refused to allow him reentry to russia . 
  this is the only thing they could do because duma members have total immunity . 
  wtf are you guys doing up there ? 
  they thought the bread was so good it should be the feature of a course instead of just the thing holding the sandwich together . 
  i would say that in the us at least the title commander-in-chief refers to an office rather than a person . 
  a rank belongs to a person . 
  as soon as barrack obama 's 2nd term of office ends he is no longer commander-in-chief . 
  he does n't become a retired commander-in-chief , he simply ceases to hold that office . 
  crucially it is also a civilian office so it makes no sense to refer to it as a military rank . 
  every country at the time and every us state received plaques and samples . 
  pretty much . 
  i 'm strongly in support of a stronger europe but everything i 've seen says that it 's not happening this generation nor the next unless there 's some horrible crisis . 
  too many people fixated on differences and not on what can be gained . 
  also an italian and german frigate shown . 
  it appears to be [ exercise brilliant mariner 2013 ] ( http://www.mc.nato.int/exer/pages/exercise%20brilliant%20mariner%202013-2.aspx ) . 
   over five thousand military and naval personnel from 12 nato nations comprising belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , latvia , the netherlands , norway , poland , spain , turkey , the united kingdom and the united states will participate in this major annual exercise . 
   25 warships , including one aircraft carrier , 12 frigates , one amphibious warfare ship , one auxiliary ship and 7 mine countermeasures vessels will be involved , alongside a wide variety of aircraft , submarines and embarked marines . 
  two submarines and a maritime patrol aircraft will also take part i 'd guess that the amphibious warfare ship is usn and maybe a frigate or sub , too . 
  the usn has been phasing out frigates for a while and only 5 are still in service . 
  more stuff : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajdt3qjglxw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95pm74_am3g, 
  our language does n't need protection . 
  your language needs protection from us . 
  * holds up a gun * empty your pockets and give us your nouns . 
  if you work harder maybe oil will spout out of the ground . 
  [ this is what elephants do to munch a few leaves ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qr63rmawqma ) . 
  they are not an animal that can be domesticated and fenced in . 
  well that 's fine because [ we love chicken ] ( https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/files/2014/07/per-capita-meat-consumed-in-the-world.png&amp;w=1484 ) . 
  wow , that 's crazy . 
  the trend is reversing but it will probably take 20 years for the real estate to change hands and be built differently . 
  all problems come from the other side of the aisle . 
  blaming some other country would be to admit their importance . 
  they do make modern ones . 
  they just look largely the same . 
  a bus is a bus . 
  not a whole lot of difference to see externally . 
  they have a route with stops . 
  kids have to walk a short way to whatever their closest major street is . 
  or down their long ass drive way if they live out on a farm . 
  broadly speaking our interest is in a stable and open world where americans can do business with as many people in as many places as possible . 
  thus we do not like closed regimes , protectionist , uncompensated nationalization of industries , etc. 
  that 's the rough sketch of the sort of world order that the us tries to impose . 
  it 's also a political/economic philosophy born out of western europe so in many cases it 's what is going on there anyway . 
  anything to prevent / r/europe from turning into / r/europeshittymapporn, 
  f-15s will be in service in the usaf through 2025 at least . 
  they pretty much crap on anything else the rest of the world has right now anyway . 
  the only competitors are allies . 
  they are still being built for other countries . 
  japan , israel , south korea , and saudi arabia fly them too . 
  40-50 is probably the initial order , it 's enough to outfit one carrier with some extras for training/maintenance . 
  it 's going to be a ski jump stovl carrier like its sister ship . 
  generally the most highly talked about feature of the f-35 is its exemplary sensor package and ability to integrate with other weapons platforms .
