  the usaf has been flying f-22s around in the middle east just to utilize their electronics and the f-35s are an advance over that . 
  i do n't think the second * queen elizabeth * class will have a catapult either . 
  it is unlikely that anyone but the us navy will operate the c , unless france goes away from its strong preference for indigenous aircraft or japan reverses policy on power projection ( both unlikely ) . 
  yeah it 's very dependent on the country being an advocate for inclusion . 
  mexico is an example of a country that does a good job being proactive about it . 
  that country is absolutely chock full of ruins from a bunch of cultures we do n't know a whole lot about , which makes it extra interesting to me . 
  india , pakistan , and arab states are examples of countries that have far , far more historical sites than what is being recognized . 
  they are cradles of human civilization . 
  one just has to be careful thinking that the number of sites is directly correlated to the historical importance of a place . 
  unesco is pretty heavily biased towards european cultural sites . 
  one just has to look at china , india , and japan to notice that it does n't really add up . 
  edit : [ just check out these numbers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_heritage_site#statistics ) ( note that north american means us and canada in this case ) . 
  louisiana could use some more dike people . 
  i was thinking more of brick/mud houses . 
  adapt the apache 's 30mm cannon to fit on something like that and you 'd have a winner , i think . 
  there are more affordable options for a dedicated light cas fighter . 
  even a prop fighter would be fine . 
  the a-10 's cannon is too weak for fighting modern tanks and overkill for fighting infantry and light vehicles like it is now doing . 
  a prop fighter will have great maneuverability at low speeds and altitude , even better than the a-10 . 
  give it a more reasonably sized cannon , a couple machine guns , and a couple a2g missiles and it will do what the a-10 does for a hell of a lot cheaper . 
  the f-35 or future drones will be the ground attack aircraft against a modern enemy regardless . 
  naval warfare is fought with missiles and torpedoes now . 
  in theory anyway , naval warfare is also so extremely expensive that few dare to commit their forces . 
  if it makes you feel better the us navy may soon have rail guns . 
  us military has their own space program . 
  nasa is a civilian scientific program . 
  there is also a civilian surveillance satellite program ( nro ) . 
  nasa is the largest us space program but not the totality of us presence in space . 
  germany is less than 1/2 the size of # 39 , 1/3 the size of # 28 , 1/4 the size of # 19 , 1/10 the size of # 7 , 1/20 the size of # 6 , 1/50 the size of # 1 . 
  how about the world 's land area divided by the number of un member states . . a decent approximation of the average country size . 
  well that 's 770,000 sq km . 
  twice the size of germany . 
  the tallest midget is n't tall . 
  it 's still a midget . 
  germany climbs the ranks of the worlds numerous tiny countries . 
  africa alone has 16 countries larger than any european country excluding russia . 
  you do n't need to bring up countries the size of the us to make the point . 
  colombia is the size of france and ukraine combined , it 's just another south american country . 
  european countries are n't mid-sized or sorta big . 
  they 're small . 
  get over it . 
  and stop looking at mercator maps . 
  in practice san diego to san francisco is more like 10 hours because of needing to stop , la traffic , etc. 
  not many people like to drive that one . 
  la-san francisco is more reasonable . 
  depends . 
  i 'd say we 're pretty game to drive to anything within 6 hours . 
  that 's sort of the break even point where airports start being worth the hassle of having to book ahead of time , wait in security , etc. 
  if i want to go to la from san francisco bay area ... a ) tomorrow , i 'd drive it in about 5.5-6 hours and use one tank of gas b ) in 6 months , i 'd just as likely fly because i can arrange a ticket and someone to pick me up on the other end . 
  driving 6-8 hours is n't that big a deal to those of us in the west , we are used to traveling great distances . 
  it 's much easier in the age of the podcast , btw . 
  we 'll send in our tanks first to widen the streets . 
  i 'm glad / r/europe is around to tell us how unimportant our british foundations are . 
  they 're not at all the very core of us culture and legal tradition . 
  people with british ancestry [ do n't occupy the most important positions in society ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_americans_of_english_descent#presidents_of_the_united_states ) . 
  nope . 
  thanks / r/europe . 
  some italians came over and instead of that minority community adapting and becoming part of american society the whole country changed to be like them !, 
  yeah . 
  the us totally did n't splinter off of an existing british identity . 
  we have no idea who we are . 
  your friend is a bum . 
  he should charge interest . 
  terrible capitalist . 
  conveniently leaving the nice turret in place so you can attach a t-shirt cannon . 
  turkey , bulgaria , romania , italy are significantly changed . 
  ireland switched from two to three colors . 
  the orange ring is gone from the uk 's . 
  russia and germany slightly changed . 
  current roundels : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_aircraft_insignia#current_insignia_of_national_air_forces, 
  anecdotaly it seems like every moderately successful mexican-american family has a small ranch back in mexico where their abuelas live . 
  it 's easy to afford a lot of land in mexico off of american salaries . 
  rabblerousing republicans are trying to set up as many situations as possible for obama to `` back down '' from . 
  it is not lost on many americans that they are purposefully acting in areas of policy in which they do not have authority . 
  they blow hot air without consequence to set themselves up for the next election where russia/ukraine is certain to be a top foreign policy issue . 
  less career opportunity in canada compared to the us . 
  not many people just move countries without economic motive . 
  with mexico there are families split across the border . 
  once a person gets into the us its plenty feasible to be going back and forth seasonally or every couple years depending on the job situation . 
  with the recent recession there was a big flow back into mexico wherd there is still a lot of manufacturing work to be found . 
  the back and forth traffic between adjacent countries of 120 million and 300 million is inevitably a very large amount . 
  it 's not `` you '' who should n't drink it but americans . 
  our collective gut has become pretty weak after growing up on sterile tap water . 
  it 's not necessarily dangerous water but water might give an american the shits because their gut fauna is n't adapted to it . 
  they are probably painting countries with a broad brush so that if one region has lower quality water they 'll just mark the whole place as iffy . 
  there were basically no other realistic options for buying a carrier at the time . 
  today there a few more options but it 's not like it 's a buyer 's market for tailored aircraft carriers . 
  really the only way to do it is to build your own even if its not of your own design . 
  build it in your shipyard where you can do all the quality control yourself . 
  i do n't think it actually helps anyone for sweden , the united states , germany , france , or whoever to berate a country politically about human rights . 
  i think it just leads to a negative reaction and closing of ranks against western ethics or whatever . 
  it is better to strive to create as good an example as possible and to make general statements that do n't directly challenge anyone . 
  this allows those countries which need to make improvements to make them without looking like they 're caving in to pressure . 
  ultimately i think berating other countries does n't help those people and we just do it for ourselves . 
  we do it to say `` we 're better than you . '', 
  it 's not helpful . 
  this is somewhat infuriating . 
  it 's a band-aid not a real cure . 
  it 's more of a slow rts . 
  aztecs ruled over an empire of conquered nations .
