  apparently so sanctimonious people can assuage their guilt by pointing at someone else . 
  monster certainly has a negative connotation . 
  either way paul bunyan is just supposed to a be giant human . 
  his giant blue ox might be a good creature . 
  that 's paul bunyan and he 's a hero , not a villain . 
  see also : john henry actual monster would be sasquath/bigfoot or maybe chupacabra . 
  or , now that i think on it , aliens . 
  we have quite a lot of alien `` sightings '' that might just have something to do with us having a lot of advanced aircraft . 
  the only way kazakhstan can be considered european is by taking literally some pretty arbitrary and lazy definitions of what constitutes `` europe '' . 
  looking at culture and history kazakhstan clearly is part of asia . 
  europe should really be considered a subcontinent of eurasia anyway . 
  they ca n't even dominate israel . 
  you must be a texan, 
  yeah , seriously . 
  it 's not about europe . 
  the only thing european is the accent . 
  maybe if it were a post about the championships played in the danish and german leagues played yesterday it would have some relevance . 
  links to relevant threads for the curious : [ german league ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/2iyd4s/not_nfl_but_the_super_bowl_of_the_german_football/ ) [ danish league ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/2iyy35/not_the_nfl_either_but_the_super_bowl_of_the/ ), 
  not sure why this is here . 
  toronto has a football team that they do n't watch already . 
  college football is delightful madness . 
  unless things change dramatically in the next two years i ca n't imagine the us populace voting in someone conciliatory towards the russian problem . 
  i think it 's certain to be a major issue for the next election , too . 
  likewise how to deal with lazy european allies ( not poland , of course ) is a possible issue . 
  at present i 'd say we 're quite annoyed with the way things are going . 
  i think a starship would probably be a legitimate reason to be freaked out , even if it 's just a medical ship . 
  different connotation . 
  there are mistakes and then there is moving to a war zone as a teenage girl . 
  a really fucking bad idea at any point in human history even without crazy misogynist bastards being one of the major factions . 
  i just view those movements as a force unto themselves and largely matters of congress . 
  he certainly did some things , yes , but so did eisenhower through desegregating the federal government . 
  i left him out for just being kinda meh . 
   but he did have some successes in us-internal politics , things that helped the us to become what they are now . 
  i would argue , that his influence on the us was greater than that of all presidents after him . 
  i judge presidents harshly on their foreign policy and less on their domestic policy because in the us system of government the executive has the most power in foreign affairs . 
  internal matters are almost entirely decided by congress , so his domestic policy is mostly about his ability to rally and lead his party ( which may or may not be disposed to cooperation ) . 
  externally , though , he can do just about anything except ratify treaties . 
  practically has the ability to start a war on his own , too . 
  even if you 're basing things solely on domestic policy harding and/or hoover were involved in a much , much bigger fuckup . 
  probably half the presidents in the 20th century were worse than reagan . 
  you 've got wilson the ivory tower idealist with all kinds of disastrous policies . 
  do-nothings like harding and hoover . 
  truman 's failure in foreign policy ( much blame could be put on fdr for not including truman in the loop prior to his death ) . 
  jfk launched a failed invasion of cuba and nearly started a nuclear apocalypse . 
  lbj turned vietnam into a fucking bloodbath . 
  nixon actually looks pretty good except for the whole gross corruption of power thing . 
  [ nope ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nobel_prize_in_literature#nationality-based_criticism ) the nobel literature prize really is n't even something sought after here . 
  [ the swedish academy is viewed as a stuffy remnant of old europe ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/culturebox/2008/10/nobel_gas.html ) who thinks that european literature is worthy of more awards than the entire rest of humanity combined . 
  interesting is n't inaccurate , but you really do n't want to be interesting . 
  you want to be boring and comfortable like sweden or canada . 
  isolation is necessary , but not to the degree that these special beds allow . 
  they have things like total air isolation with filtered ventilation . 
  ebola is spread only by contact and bodily fluids so those kinds of beds are n't needed . 
  lots of cleaning and full body suits for the staff that deal with patients are though . 
  those are complete and total isolation beds . 
  that 's not necessary for ebola , which is n't airborne . 
  full suits for the medical staff + lots of plastic sheeting and disinfectant will do the trick . 
  oh dear god . 
  hawaii was well beyond the range of a full invasion . 
  they were stretched to the absolute limit of their logistics just to do the few hours of air attacks they did pull off . 
  oh no , not our thriving textile industry !, 
  wait . 
  it 's not 1890 . 
  effective exile is a light sentence for treason . 
  there 's been a concerted effort from moscow even before the ukraine situation to decrease trade and financial ties to the us . 
  limiting the direct non-military options the us has to hit russia with . 
  if people stop going and disease control is left only in the hands of the local government who do n't have the resources to combat it then things will only get worse . 
  it could become an endemic disease and it will only become inevitable that it spreads across the world . 
  only 1/10th are royals . 
  just like the overall population . 
  * south * american countries have good teams . 
  central america and the caribbean do n't with just a few exceptions . 
  europe as a whole certainly does n't have a strong brand for auto making in the us . 
  germany does . 
  italy has the niche i mentioned and there are a couple others like jaguar and volvo that have other niches ( luxury , wagons + safety ) . 
  americans certainly do n't have any proclivity to favor cars from france or eastern europe or spain or wherever . 
  nor will they be competing just with american auto manufacturers . 
  japanese cars are very , very highly thought of here and south korea is making strong inroads . 
  see , that niche is already filled by gm . 
  annex has a pretty specific meaning . 
  i 'm curious how they plan to market and brand themselves to carve out a spot in a very competitive marketplace . 
  fiat were successful in playing up the already existing idea that italian cars are fashionable . 
  french cars do n't have that reputation , though . 
  you might be canadian . 
  you should get tested . 
  harvard has a huge endowment and are very accommodating when it comes to giving out need-based scholarships . 
  pretty much only rich kids end up paying full tuition there . 
  of the countries in the `` very high human development '' ( 49 ) segement of the hdi report , i would say only cuba is in opposition to the us . 
  cyprus , hong kong , and argentina would be `` it 's complicated '' on facebook . 
  brunei i have no idea about . 
  hawaii / spanish-american war . 
  both at the very end of the 19th century . 
  which is why calling putin a 19th century imperialist is completely fitting . 
  you could maybe include some pacific islands post-ww2 . 
  the us was basically given stewardship by the un while they were rebuilt and allowed to vote on their own status . 
  he 's after relevancy . 
  he wants to be able to dictate how the international order operates . 
  like the soviet union could , the united states does , and china soon will . 
  it 's growing but it 's still insignificantly small . 
  this stuff is awesome when you 're 11 .
