  they were actually one of the us 's closest allies before the reds took over . 
  i like english . . because i use it a lot . 
  beyond that i enjoy the enormous breadth of vocabulary and the large library of literature in the language . 
  spanish is my favorite romance language . 
  i guess i just like the way it sounds . 
  although i must say that the iberian dialects are not my favorites , so maybe this should n't be here . 
  russian is also one i like the sound of and has a great library of literature and music . 
   if chemical weapons are used in urbanised areas then it will definitely wipe out the entire enemy force in the area chemical weapons are actually fairly ineffective weapons . 
  they 're extremely inaccurate ( as you mentioned ) but they 're also easily rendered ineffective by a prepared force . 
  a cynic would say that their ineffectiveness as weapons is what allowed for the major powers to outlaw them after wwi while still allowing things like mass aerial bombardment , indiscriminate land mining , and starvation on a massive level through destruction of infrastructure . 
  do you mean to say that usa schools or finnish schools did better at similar economic levels ? 
  your sentence is ambiguous . 
  if someone could tell me that the strikes would eliminate the ability for either side to use chemical weapons in this civil war then i think i 'd be for it . 
  however , i do n't think it 's possible to say that with enough confidence for me to be comfortable . 
  maybe they have some irrefutable piece of evidence , but i doubt it . 
  we could but since universities are state funded that 's really not what 's taking funding away . 
  american university education being so expensive is a recent phenomenon . 
  from the later 1800s to the 1970s american universities were cheap to attend for in-state residents and justifiably the envy of the world . 
  it 's only been relatively recently that a generation that has benefited so greatly from that education has decided to defund the universities and put enormous burden on students . 
  personally , i would like tuition to be replaced by an additional income tax on graduates . 
  their education should bring a lifetime of higher earnings , they should be paying back into the system for what they received and some more to invest in even better facilities . 
  thankfully the universities are still at a level that the us does n't need to `` catch up '' and improve anything , we simply need to make them accessible again . 
  too much longer of this and i have to worry whether those professors start to be lured elsewhere . 
  communism in china failed utterly . 
  the current system can probably best be described as a sort of state capitalism accompanied by cronyism . 
  at the very least the workers are absolutely not in control of the means of production so it 's a long way from communism . 
  it 's the same case out here in the southwest where spanish speakers are a very large minority . 
  that french is as highly chosen a second language as spanish in american high schools is pretty upsetting , really . 
  it makes sense in the northeast ( though even there one finds many puerto ricans and cubans ) , but for the rest of the country it 's absurd . 
  it 's very much because of this idea of spanish as being dirty and uncouth . 
  sad . 
  / end tangent, 
  that 's an english stereotype of the french . 
  snail eaters would probably be closer to an american one . 
  probably because in parts of the us frogs are eaten as well . 
  it 's one of the most important events in history , good or ill . more to the point anyone claiming a single person invented the atomic or hydrogen bomb is being ridiculous . 
  these were/are extremely sophisticated devices that required the work of dozens or hundreds of scientists and grad students working at chalkboards and thousands upon thousands of skilled laborers to bring to fruition . 
  if you want to give szilard credit for theorizing chain reactions , that is one thing . 
  going from that to a functioning device is an enormous leap and one of the most ambitious engineering projects ever undertaken ( if not the most ) . 
  that 's upsetting to hear if true . 
  certainly not the case in the states i 've traveled to so far as i can remember . 
  i think in places like montana and wyoming with extremely low population density it 's nearly 0 because the fuel costs to collect and process are greater than the resource savings from recycling . 
  from a quick google my home state of california is at 65 % . 
  the united states is n't a backwards , undeveloped country . 
  being more conservative on some social issues does n't mean people do n't see the value in reducing waste . 
  waffles are delicious . 
  saunas depression drinking the winter war wife carrying races post-glacial geography of many lakes and rebounding topography finno-ugric language capital is helsinki antti niemi, 
  yeah , it 's not like people are constantly burning the things . 
  mistreatment of the american flag is very clearly protected by the constitution as has been decided by the supreme court . 
  you 're recognized for not knowing how to use the latin alphabet correctly . 
  w is not a vowel . 
  seattle is like england , frequent drizzle but rarely does it get severe storms . 
  that 's where the eastern us beats europe , storms unlike anything you 'd ever see in europe that drop buckets of water . 
  this is just false . 
  we have teased the french since before we were a country . 
  i 've never had apple pie at thanksgiving . 
  pumpkin and pecan are king . 
  there 's a nice place go to near san francisco . 
  granted , us is so large you can find anything really . 
  i 'm getting a denver demon horse vibe for some reason . 
  maybe it 's the eyes . 
  what the fuck . 
  it 's not as bad as / r/canada or / r/unitedkingdom but there 's still plenty of people willing to sling mud . 
  in japan it 's mostly a mixture of shinto and buddhism that is much less organized than western abrahamic monotheism . 
  a person might have a shrine in their house that they light incense on to honor ancestors and spirits but not follow any sort of religious rules or coda to the extent we think of with christianity . 
  besides that there was a very strong pushback against shinto after wwii as the imperial government used it in a way to promote militarism and paternalism ( they also used it to eradicate christianity from japan ) . 
  it sounds like the problem is lack of european venture capital to buy up and keep those start ups european . 
  i do n't see how this could be blamed on the us for being more competitive on the business side of the internet . 
  also pentagon . 
  brussels is another much more relevant to this sub that comes up frequently , at least in english . 
  it 's a publicity stunt . 
  cargo by ship is far and away the most economical means to transport goods . 
  unless there is a reason that it needs to be done quickly ( mail , perishables , organs , whatnot ) it will go by sea . 
  given the long time even for a train the fast goods will go by air . 
  overland from east asia to europe is a stupid proposition . 
  the us was not at war during the 1940 election when he was spying on his political opponents . 
  well , not like the nazis did . 
  franklin delano roosevelt was president of the united states during the 30s and wwii . 
  during this time the fbi is known to have severely overstepped their legal bounds including things like listening in on phone calls roosevelt 's political rivals during election campaigns , stalking anyone considered a possible threat , and similar . 
  he was a very good president in many ways but also committed a laundry list of executive abuses . 
  people may ( or may not ) be surprised to know that fdr 's administration was engaged in pretty much unlimited domestic spying/surveillance lacking only in today 's ability to collate and analyze that data with a supercomputer . 
  this is just an all around stupid comparison . 
  that 's probably part of it . 
  perhaps the bigger reason is that japan ( and the us , rok , philippines , vietnam and others in that region ) want a strong europe that is capable of advancing western ideals of free trade and human rights . 
  they do n't want to live in an east asia in which china is paramount and the west is falling . 
  that depends on your customs . 
  here easter requires stuffing yourself with chocolate . 
  it 's like vegas without the hedonistic sin . 
  just soulless materialism is left . 
  we do , just not as often . 
  mostly in the phrase `` whadda bunch of rubbish ! '', 
  and similar . 
  is it safe to assume that siberian high wages are similar to alaskan high wages ? 
  well above the rest of the country but offset by higher priced goods ? 
  by sheer size and manufacturing capacity they will overtake the us gdp . 
  what they 're not doing is overtaking us ( or european or japanese or korean ) ability to develop new technologies and products . 
  until they do that they wo n't have the same kind of economic power . 
  manufacturing can be moved elsewhere , to india or africa , as chinese labor demands better conditions . 
  r&d is far less likely to move away from where the scientists and engineers want to live , it 's not easily replaceable . 
  in the area of military warfare chinese capabilities seem to be geared towards denial rather than projection .
