  what 's the process like for approving new designs ? 
  from the outside looking in , euro bills look like victims of bureaucracy and compromise stripping away any strong symbolism . 
  is that the case ? 
  there 's a striped red and white flag there , too . 
  unless it 's a liberian or something that 's a us flag . 
  i spot a dominican republic , mexico , and brazil too . 
  one hit song . 
  [ japan has also had one hit song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbh754gscuk ) that was 50 years ago and japan has n't produced a single of that popularity since . 
  asian music is not popular worldwide , not even from arguably its most potent cultural exporter . 
  it made mini-usb the standard for phone chargers . 
  no more of that bullshit ( unless you buy apple ) . 
  i hope na and europe can come to some agreement on common standards for a wide range of products and save everyone a lot of aggravation . 
  the american grading scale also exists on a numeric 0-4 scale . 
  a = 4 , b = 3 , c = 2 , d = 1 , f = 0 . 
  + or - is + / - 0.33 . . e.g. 
  c + = 2.33 , a - = 3.67, 
  i 'm confident that it wo n't last through the next monarch . 
  elizabeth is a good queen . 
  her offspring i do not think will be so popular . 
  also italy . 
  the rest are pretty small scale operations liker radar facilities and embassy garrisons . 
  maybe more important is they 're wedged between 3 very powerful international players : russia , china , and japan . 
  four if you include the us via south korea . 
  none of these countries want any of the other to gain greater influence in the area so all block the actions of the other and just hope the situation stays as stable as possible . 
  i knew their other sectors were lagging but i just did n't realize how horribly so . 
  even for small countries that naturally tend towards specialization that is way too reliant on one sector . 
  yes . 
  although i suspect a lot of european textiles come from china/indonesia/bangladesh just like everywhere else in the world . 
  not really . 
  `` heavy stuff '' in the us mostly comes domestically or from canada or mexico . 
  chinese exports to the us are largely consumer electronics and small , cheap stuff ( toys , kitchen utensils , really shitty tools , etc ) . 
  wow , i was n't aware just how reliant on oil/gas russia is . 
  that 's pretty worrying for them . 
  you think japan gets along with outsiders any better ? 
  they 'd probably take over the economy as well . 
  beginning jan. 1 san francisco 's minimum wage is $ 10.75 . 
  this is pretty much the reason the uk guaranteed belgium . 
  it was a buffer state placed on the only possible route for major armies to take between france and germany . 
  by backing belgium the united kingdom would be able to take the side against either an aggressive france or germany , either of which if they had greater control of the continent would be able to threaten britain 's global hegemony . 
  i think if the thieves have a specific car in mind they might know how to disable any security like a gps antenna . 
  saab 's cars were the side project . 
  aircraft is their focus . 
  professors have shitty handwriting , too . 
  yeah i thought it was something like that . 
  a disaster from the naval design side . 
  the naval version ( which needs a stronger airframe to withstand arrested landings ) is the one having problems . 
  i do n't think anyone but the us navy is getting that one though , it requires a catapult to launch . 
  maybe the uk is getting some , but last i heard they decided to use the stovl version . 
  mike rogers is a representative of the 705,000 residents of the 8th congressional district of michigan . 
  he does n't speak for the united states or its people . 
  he 's actually not even given the power to represent his district in diplomatic matters . 
  i could find a minor political figure in every country on the planet that says vile , offensive shit and claim they represent their country when they actually do n't , but that would be stupid , would n't it ? 
  the world hates us for our logistical air power ... ok . 
  we call those dust devils . 
  get a lot of them out on the prairies and deserts . 
  for comparison 's sake : [ 1253 us tornadoes per year ] ( http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/sites/default/files/styles/full_page_width/public/ann-avg-torn1991-2010_0.gif?itok=bsyvabti ) canada gets about 100/year . 
  english , spanish , and french currencies were all widely used in the early days of the us . 
  it was a while before it had much credibility . 
  basically what had to happen was for the federal government to assume the debts of all its sub entities ( states ) and faithfully pay them down . 
  i think the euro needs the same if it 's going to survive in the long run , otherwise it will be stumbling from crises to crises trying to put together stopgaps . 
  it 's not easy though , you 're essentially talking about wealth transfers of hundreds of billions or trillions of euros . 
  google is focusing on the software side of the problem , it makes perfect sense not to limit themselves on the hardware side . 
  they 're trying to develop the best techniques and algorithms for getting a computer to successfully and safely navigate . 
  once the software exists that can do that to a satisfactory degree some other company can worry about making an affordable hardware suite . 
  excellent , subscribed . 
  hopefully it gets more traffic than / r/askamerica, 
  the muzzle blast from one of the artillery 's guns would be pretty devastating by itself , even if they just shot dummy rounds . 
  same reason as europe 's screwed up time zones . 
  they want to be in the same time as the continent 's ( i.e. 
  brazil 's ) major cities . 
  yellowstone is mostly in wyoming , it slightly overlaps the border into montana and idaho . 
  glacier national park on the montana/canada border is breathtaking as well . 
  yep , it 's pretty much the only region of russia that i know with confidence because it 's awesome . 
  honestly , the north american tiny caribbean countries are a lot more difficult than europe 's microstates . 
  ours are all jumbled next to eachother in an indistinguishable chain . 
  central america is probably similar to the balkans , except that it had it 's separation war 150 years ago . 
  at least he got one of them correct . 
  if you want a real test of ** basic ** us geography label these on a map : california texas florida new york pennsylvania hawaii alaska washington , d.c. new york city , new york chicago , illinois los angeles , california san francisco , california atlanta , georgia new orleans , louisiana gulf of mexico mississippi river columbia river lake michigan great salt lake chesapeake bay puget sound rocky mountains appalachian range cascade range sierra nevada great plains great basin i think it 's less arbitrary than knowing all 50 states of varying importance . 
  a majority of us states have a greater population than wales . 
  wales would come in at # 31 between iowa and mississippi . 
  good friends to have . 
  also less populous than puerto rico . 
  american : 100 % in 1:37 on a touchpad . 
  i could n't do that same for north america . 
  caribbean is hard . 
  seems like a title that is both accurate and relevant to this sub . 
  old timey protestantism related productivity to godliness . 
  a good christian was a person who was productive and even profitable . 
  one thing people do n't realize about the somewhat nutty pilgrims that went to the new world is that they were going also for economic reasons . 
  it was almost a missionary type of work just to go to an `` unsettled '' place and till fields , cut timbers , and fish the waters . 
  for a long time leaving a forest standing was considered to be wasteful . 
  the timber should be used to build and the land turned to pasture or fields . 
  i do n't know how that compares to catholic attitudes towards work but it is definitely part of some/many protestant cultures and their descendants that being unproductive is sinful . 
  to make something from nothing was a sort of worship . 
  it 's not about how much they have in their accounts . 
  they have to actually invest in the us to get into the us in this manner . 
  it 's not for citizenship either , just residency . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to call germany the trouble maker , rather germany is a problem . 
  germany is a problem for the old powers of the united kingdom , france , and russia . 
  you 're talking about an old europe ruled by paranoia and greed in which germany 's very existence disturbs the balance of power .
