  * they 've already shown themselves unwilling to actually use the soft power they possess if it means any kind of harm to themselves . 
  * they ca n't even agree internally what sort of policy to pursue in this situation . 
  * they have a tendency to make public details of ongoing negotiations that are best left secret . 
  this can have the effect of forcing putin to take a hard stance for political reasons rather than making concessions secretly so that he can save face . 
  i 'd like to see the eu as a real world power but this crisis has made it increasingly clear in my mind that they 're not that . 
  they 're a trade union with limited ability to influence politics even within their bloc . 
  i 'd rather have france and/or the uk at the meeting . 
  yeah , that 's the way leadership works . 
  make hard decisions because they 'll be for the better down the line even though they might be unpopular now . 
  it 's something sorely lacking in the modern age of opinion poll and public relations studies driven western politics . 
  honest question . . are the german people really that worried about being liked by everyone ? 
  they 're not going to be an energy exporter though . 
  their domestic resource demand is enormous . 
  how about canada , mexico , and venezuela ? 
  the us is hardly the only source of energy outside of asia . 
  for sure , china would drive a hard bargain if they knew they 're russia 's only real market available . 
  from my perspective that would still mean big damage to russia 's petro thugs and as a bonus it would accelerate china 's coming switch to natural gas ( they 're heavily investing into fracking ) and help mitigate the serious air quality problems there . 
   you do realize every democratic country has had a long history of a `` strong man '' type government , right ? 
  no u i did n't reply to a post about mongols . 
  i replied to a comment about democracies having strong man leaders . 
  what do the mongols have to do with democracies ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  for the us at least strong presidents are the historical exception rather than the rule . 
  parliamentary systems have inherently weak heads of government , japan 's revolving door of prime ministers is a great example . 
  well maybe if they voted for him . 
  it 's not like pork is a necessity of life , meat is a luxury . 
  it 's a remark that the referendum no matter the outcome is not following the proper procedures and they do n't want to give it any sense of legitimacy by participating . 
  is n't iceland a special exemption ? 
  they 're allowed into and given protection by nato because of the particular strategic importance of the island they live on . 
  so he basically wants to sanction russia for us ? 
  please , go right ahead . 
  tank chassis have n't really changed a whole lot since then . 
  the m1 abrams was also designed in the 70s , that did n't prevent it from being upgraded with sophisticated optics and new types of ammunition that make it deadly precise from miles away . 
  russia 's main battle tank is basically just a modernized tank from the 70s too , actually older than the leopard . 
  the only real `` modern '' tank that i can think of is south korea 's new tank . 
  uh , that 's not much of a conspiracy buddy . 
  he 's just saying that the british want to feel like they 're the good guys . 
  they do n't have to spend it on a big infantry army . 
  they could enlarge their air force , their special ops , their logistical capacity , or simply provide funds to nato so other countries could spend it on their own manpower . 
  i think he lives in the bahamas . 
  americans are entirely aware of this and there 's more than a grievance about it . 
  at the same time we 're not generally ready to simply pull out and leave enormous power vacuums all over the world eager to see what new tensions and conflicts arise . 
  nato forces train in the us all the time . 
  there are n't many places in europe where armies can train full scale with live munitions and jets flying at supersonic speeds . 
  in the us they can and do . 
  if france would like to pay a few billion dollars to set up a military base and pump money into our local economy they can go right ahead , not sure what the purpose would be though . 
  it 's been a while since there 's been any military conflict in north america that involved a european nation . 
  who foots the bill for that massive project ? 
  the us , i suppose ? 
  there were certainly some concerns , but there was also admiration for what appeared to be miraculous economic progress . 
  of course , like in japan , this growth was largely fueled by out of control spending and would collapse in time . 
  at the time though germany was flourishing while the world struggled . 
  public opinion was initially against aiding britain . 
  they were seen as a lost cause after failures at dunkirk and in norway as well the the catastrophe of french military resistance . 
  it was assumed the uk would be invaded or settle on german terms in short order . 
  there was a fear that materiel sent to the uk would just become property of the nazis within a year anyway . 
  it was n't until mers-el-kebir and the battle of britain that the us public believed that the british were willing to fight and resist to the extent necessary . 
  that was when us opinion started to turn around . 
  that has nothing to do with the capability and effectiveness of a force . 
  eu countries will have duplicated command structures 27 times over . 
  they will have the same basic infantry and mechanized divisions 27 times over . 
  some may have the same basic air presence , lacking any logistic support for operating outside of the combat radius of their local air fields . 
  russia , on the other hand , may not be rich but draws upon decades of built up experience from a very active and capable military . 
  they have specialized units fit for all sorts of roles , logistical backing , unified command , and they also get things on the cheap either by retrofitting old soviet hardware or simply by having lower wages . 
  the russian military is not something to be taken lightly . 
  i really think it would be better if it were the eu that made the stand . 
  nato is inherently militaristic and confrontational . 
  there is a great risk to escalation if nato is perceived as the opponent rather than the eu , which is more representative of the community of nations than a military alliance . 
  the message should be that russian actions are not acceptable or tolerated in modern international society . 
  nato action sends the message `` we perceive this as a military threat and we are mobilizing force to stop you if we must . '', 
  i think one has to be very careful not to throw further antagonizing fuel onto the fire by making connections to perceived us-russia or nato-russia brinkmanship . 
  extremely against the rules . 
  reddit admins are loathe to actual enforce their rules though unless it brings them negative media attention otherwise . 
  what is ejecting russia from the g8 supposed to accomplish ? 
  further marginalizing them diplomatically , making them more prone to radical solutions instead of being a participant in normal relations ? 
  they 're a large economy with an important part to play in the world . 
  isolating them will not solve anything and probably exacerbate conflicts even further by making it a ** reality ** that the world is not friendly to russians . 
  if you want to improve relations you do so by offering desirable paths with incentives ( trade deals , border agreements , what not ) for progress . 
  if you are going use the stick instead of the carrot you should sure as hell do better than threatening to remove them from the g8 . 
  they have a unsc veto for christ 's sake , wtf do they care about a lesser diplomatic forum ? 
  this would just aggravate without putting real pressure on russian leadership . 
  the question requires knowledge of both the us and europe , it 's as good a sub as any . 
  the soviets were the unrivaled champions of espionage , i would n't be surprised if the russians have inherited a lot of the know-how and talent . 
  the us is probably the best at it spying , though . 
  it 's pretty hilarious because neither did i and i am subscribed to / r/nfl . 
  it was probably all the defaults that were putting up the shit content about it . 
  nfl sub consolidated it all into a few threads because it 's very well moderated subreddit . 
  there 's not enough available oxygen for such an explosion . 
   must have made by your fellow countryman . 
  michelangelo was a citizen of what would now be italy . 
  many of the the paintings in this thread were made outside of the country their creator represents or are housed in foreign museums . 
  thanks for the downvote though . 
  it was n't painted by the pope . 
  what about [ this masterpiece ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/07/cappella_sistina_ceiling.jpg ) ? 
  maybe it does n't count because it 's not on canvas ( and it 's also in a foreign country ) . 
  i have to lean towards american gothic . 
  washington crossing the delaware is a debatable inclusion because it was painted in germany by a german born in europe but raised in the us . 
  it 's certainly on of the most iconic paintings with an american subject , though . 
  i think you have to consider a warhol as well .
