  yes the secret negotiations are secret . 
  that 's the point . 
  then they present the completed proposal to the respective governments for the proper legal process . 
  it 's impossible to conduct such a negotiation when domestic politicos lose their minds over some phrasology which may only be included in the first place so that it can be removed later as a `` concession '' . 
  you never hearing of it is a bad mark on * you * , not on the paper . 
  no way the interior stays the same . 
  too much wasted space . 
  it will end up looking like every other mass transit interior on the planet . 
  they 're investing ; it 's self serving without being duplicitous . 
  that 's definitely a rodent skull . 
  adjusted for border length : norway = 7 per 1000 km per day usa = 91 per 1000 km per day, 
  guzan is a very capable backup . 
  they 're probably going off the kkk 's anti-catholic policies . 
  the original kkk was definitely about white supremacy and trying to keep alive the slaveholding and culture of the old american south . 
  they were stamped out pretty effectively as the federal goverment was still in reconstruction mode and had no qualms about crushing civil liberties to control dissent . 
  it is accurate , though , to say that the first kkk was n't as organized or so extremely violent as the 20th century reincarnations . 
  there 's a lot of revisionist garbage out there trying to claim that various heinous acts of the confederates , kkk , etc were n't about racism but `` regional pride '' , `` state 's rights ( to enslave ) '' , and other such things . 
  there 's still a lot of hurt pride in the american south . 
  belgium by far the more talented team . 
  can only be grateful and proud that the us team continues to outperform expectations based on relative lack of technical ability . 
  i do n't know if there 's a team i 'd rather go out to , either , belgium plays a good , clean , fair game . 
  they oversee :  department of energy ( including the national nuclear security administration , bonneville power administration , southeastern power administration , western area power administration , and federal energy regulatory commission )  department of defense -- civil army corps of engineers -- civil  department of the interior bureau of reclamation central utah project  related agencies appalachian regional commission defense nuclear facilities safety board delta regional authority denali commission northern border regional commission nuclear regulatory commission nuclear waste technical review board office of the federal coordinator for alaska natural gas transportation projects southeast crescent regional commission tennessee valley authority so a pretty emphatic yes . 
  much of its funding is primarily because it more closely resembles the conditions of a nuclear weapon than other ( more promising for electrical production ) types of reactors . 
  so it 's very useful for weapons stockpile stewardship . 
  energy production is n't the only use . 
  the ability to have a `` large '' scale fusion reaction in a controlled setting ( compared to the small but ultra high energy scale of particle colliders ) is useful as a pure science instrument and as a military science instrument in better understanding how fusion bombs work since the ban on testing . 
  yep . 
  there 've been huge advancements in lasers , computers , superconductors , materials , etc that all are progress towards what may be needed to having a profitable fusion reactor . 
  then us and uk occupy iceland to keep the atlantic safe . 
  it can be worse if you consider that it 's relieved somewhat the pressure to reform the system . 
  insurance is no cheaper , but now you can be fined for not having it . 
  democrats , though , have been opponents of nuclear power for decades . 
  they 've attracted plenty who are superstitiously fearful of anything n-word . 
  the military budget has been getting pretty sharp cuts . 
  but reddit . 
  if you want a genuine united states capital you need to find some unbearable marshland that nobody wants , then make it into a city . 
  that z though . 
  russian wisdom . 
  it says that it 's an oddly spelled word , mostly . 
  that must be difficult to endure . 
  benefits : access to russian processor market costs : risk of nationalization or other silliness by unpredictable russian government risk of getting on naughty list of much larger and more lucrative us market if relations continue to worsen, 
  developing independent nuclear weapons against non-proliferation policy of your allies is the quickest way to make sure you have no allies . 
  worked great for pakistan ... 
  nobody is moving a multi-billion dollar enterprise into an unstable situation just to get access to the russian market . 
  not necessarily . 
  `` green '' groups backed by fossil fuel companies are a big reason why nuclear power is n't as widely used as it was thought it would be . 
  that 's massive amounts of excess carbon dioxide ( + all other pollutants from extra fossil fuel activity ) . 
  probably having pretty good english but messing up some grammar . 
  black vernacular cuts some corners in conjugations and swaps around some word orders . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emperor_norton ), 
  that 's literally impossible . 
  sorta kinda , but they still mostly went along with the uk without asking . 
  mostly just with germany . 
  french-us relations are like they have been for a long time . 
  does n't trouble me . 
  if we really need them or they really need us we know the relationship will be there but neither does the other small favors , either . 
  ttip + tpp would make that pretty much the case . 
  i do n't know if there 's free trade between the commonwealth though . 
  ground forces returned to the pacific theater after north africa was finished but some air units remained . 
  check out this fucker who hates kiwis . 
  really ? 
  i usually get 2l for like $ 1-1 .39 or so . 
  it is for gdp per capita . 
  has been so for over a century . 
  quality of life is a more vague term with mamy ways of measuring it . 
  roughly equal , maybe , with the us inequality leading to higher highs and lower lows . 
  also the us navy ( and all branches ) are having their budgets squeezed very tight to the point where they 've already cut a lot of fat and are starting to have to reduce capabilities . 
  i do n't think they 'd be happy to take on 2 more ships of a type they already have like a dozen of that are domestically manufactured . 
  [ directions unclear , listened to rod stewart ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq41hqlv0kk ), 
  that 's just the world 's annual production , though . 
  it 's not that crazy to think that russia has a hundred trillion locked away that needs to be unearthed . 
  it also costs a lot to unleash that wealth . 
  new york is the city of `` old '' business like financial firms , insurance , marketing , shipping , etc. 
  you do n't hear about that stuff much in the news . 
  the new industries go where there is actually undeveloped land to build their offices . 
  that 's why silicon valley is where it is , the south bay of the san francisco bay area was largely undeveloped and nearby to several world class universities ensuring a constant stream of fresh ideas and minds . 
  us aviation is based mostly around the west coast , where they can build and test new aircraft over the deserts , and around dc where the military and nasa contracts are handed out . 
  nyc is what it always was : the financial , trade , and ( one of the ) media capital of the united states . 
  la is sort of the opposite . 
  it 's importance is vastly inflated by it 's strength in very visible industries of film and music . 
  the fuck is city gateway ? 
  how in god 's name is toronto 's transportation rated better than new york 's ? 
  there 's also a little doc on one of the tank battles https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fyrv7zla90, 
  canada does n't meet the target , either , buddy . 
  is it true that sarcasm ca n't survive a canadian winter ? 
  fish do n't have feelings and are slimy , so it 's ok to suffocate them by the millions upon millions without giving them a quick death . 
  is there a transcript somewhere ? 
  i hate relying on paraphrased stuff . 
  specific large facilities have to be made in order to export natural gas . 
  they 're already being constructed , but they 're most likely going to be exporting to japan and korea who are willing to pay more . 
  sounds familiar . 
  probably more importantly the fragmented market means it 's more difficult for small businesses originating in europe to grow their business . 
  a large international does have legal expertise and the large staff to be able to maneuver europe 's fragmented market , albeit more slowly than a single market . 
  a small business does n't have those resources . 
  i 'm not bothered by it at all . 
  i think the chinese are more likely to become economic masters of russia than buddies . 
  modern china does n't work for anyone but themselves . 
  i 'm mostly relieved that the air pollution situation in china might finally begin to reverse . 
  seems like a dick . 
  there are many of them .
