  climate matters . 
  italy and california are always going to have a wider variety of fresh ingredients than manitoba . 
  airbus is the exact same sort of anticompetitive giant so what 's your point ? 
  cheap labor is a disincentive to innovate . 
  england is a country because that 's how the english define `` country '', 
  because this is n't a list of green countries it 's a list of how much industry is outsourced . 
  not lower risk . 
  the mexican gangs kidnap them and turn them into sex slaves or drug mules , since they 're off the books nobody will ever come to help them . 
  passing through southern mexico as a migrant is not safe at all . 
  the immigrants lately are from central america where things are much worse than mexico . 
  it 's based on statistics of how many applicants are rejected and how many awarded visas are overstayed . 
  by that logic the uk has also landed on mars . 
  the concern with depleted uranium is heavy metal poisoning not radiation . 
  did you learn all you know about campaign financing from / r/politics ? 
  campaign donations are recorded and regulated , they have to be used for the campaign . 
  there 's a lot of money in politics but campaign donations are definitely not going to personal wealth . 
  uh . . yeah . 
  obama 's wealth , for comparison , is estimated to be something around $ 7 million . 
  a bit more than you might expect from a typical successful lawyer or surgeon , less than a successful business owner . 
  billions is the kind of wealth you get from starting a small business which grows into a world-spanning titan . 
  putin is n't a businessman . 
  to have that sort of wealth he can only achieve it through graft of an extreme degree . 
  his english is fine . 
  the only thing i sometimes prefer dubbed is animated films/shows . 
  in this case the original audio is also dubs so if done properly the `` dubbed '' version can be just as good as the original . 
  when it comes to live action i want to hear the inflections in the voice of the actor on the screen , not someone who probably did n't receive correct direction . 
  it actually does n't take a great deal more to get to mars compared to the moon . 
  the big differences are the duration of the voyage and mars 's thin atmosphere ( just enough to not ignore , not enough to stop a heavy craft by itself ) . 
  moreover any mars mission is almost certainly going to be a multi-launch thing assembled in orbit . 
  we have infinitely more experience at assembling things in space than we did in the 60s . 
  look at iss . 
  it 's enormous . 
  now imagine that as something intended to fly to mars . 
  regardless nasa is currently in the early stages of a huge new rocket program https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_launch_system, 
  it comes from having a large portion of russian emmigrants after the su collapse being very skilled workers ( engineers , professors , doctors , etc ) because they could get much higher wages in the west . 
  so westerner 's interaction with russians at that time was likely to be with some very smart dudes . 
  basically the same with asian immigrants . 
  so much good food . 
  you seem to have mastered the atlantic tutorial level of ocean management . 
  next up : pacific level with tsunamis . 
  import them from ethiopia . 
  this continent is already better . 
  everyone working together . 
  at least they 'd have good cuisine . 
  more like us is inundated with history 's greatest human migration . 
  which is the bigger humanitarian crisis . . a billion people trying to survive in russia or a billion people trying to survive in canada ? 
  he was a real mixed bag of ideas . 
  some good . 
  some awful . 
  most too idealistic for reality . 
  when it comes to race relations he was very patronizing and patriarchal even for his time . 
  you 're talking about the weakness of the us penal system , not the police force . 
  the article is mostly talking about the police force 's inability to break up a mob . 
  that has nothing to do with recidivism and more to do with how they are trained and equipped as well as their policy towards such events . 
  body count/years in power probably goes to hitler though . 
  they already cooperate . 
  look up the details on any of these space probes and you 'll see that each instrument is built by some different lab or university spread all over the world . 
  nasa 's budget is also not just space flight . 
  they still do lots of ultra high end aeronautical research . 
  what 's it cost to see a movie in a theater in romania ? 
  you need 3 satellites in contact to get a 2 point solution ( one of which is out in space and nonsensical ) , 4 + points get 's a single point solution and any more are to increase accuracy . 
  so it takes quite a lot of satellites before the constellation is actually useful . 
  a fair portion of those were not at all combat ready and just intended to inflate the soviet navy 's apparent strength . 
  i am from a country which has fought a war with conscripted infantry more recently than yours . 
  you know what they did ? 
  they died . 
  a lot . 
  for nothing . 
  you know what mattered in that war ? 
  fucking hellish machines dropping fire and chemical death on helpless vietnamese conscripts . 
  ukraine , get a well trained professional army if you want to make russia look like bums . 
  fighting with your conscripts against russian conscripts is just going to favor the country with more expendable young men . 
  - bear4188, 
  what are you going to do with a sizable reserve ? 
  fight ww1 ? 
  the only possible morally justified use of conscripted soldiers , imo , is to prevent the loss of national sovereignty by force . 
  however , the type of force that can take away a modern country 's national sovereignty through military force is also one that would just turn conscripted soldiers into burger . 
  we are past the age of conscription . 
  there 's no manual license requirement . 
  if you ca n't operate one you 're not getting out of the driveway with a stick anyway . 
  you have to provide your own test vehicle so if you bring a manual and obviously ca n't operate it you 'd presumably be failed . 
  you can just bring an automatic , though . 
  for myself i think it was 2 sessions of maybe 90 minutes each . 
  first time is supposed to be your first driving experience , then you get the practice permit . 
  second time is to correct bad habits you may have developed while under permit and to prep you for the real tsst . 
  varies by state but roughly the same all over afaik . 
  under 18 must first take a class and drive for one year under a permit ( which allows them to only drive with a licensed 25 year old or older passenger ) . 
  once that 's done or if over 18 then you have to pass a short paper test and then if you pass that a short driving test . 
  both are really easy . 
  class is anywhere from free to a few hundred bucks depending on what you go through ( private company or city/school funded class ) , test is maybe $ 25-75 . 
  edit . 
  you also have to pass one of those eyesight letter test things to show you are n't blind as a bat . 
  nukes are not very useful for projecting military power . 
  all they can do is protect or annihilate national sovereignty . 
  there 's no in-between . 
  ca n't settle some minor dispute by force with nukes . 
  ca n't provide air support to an ally with nukes . 
  i think you mean in raw expenditure , japan spends quite little in terms of % but nonetheless that 's a large budget considering they 're the third largest economy . 
  pretty much on par with france and uk . 
  noaa pays for meteorology ; department of defense for military satellites ; nro for spy satellites ; usgs for land surveys ; etc.
