  they were hated . 
  the spaniards provided an impetus to rally around and overthrow the aztec . 
  it was then disease that fucked over everyone else . 
  without disease it 's unlikely that europeans would have been able to make the inroads that they did in the americas . 
  at least not for a couple hundred years . 
  generally an unhealthy policy . 
  this was a pretty common view here in the us , too . 
  a good people with a troubled past and a chance to make a better country for themselves . 
  welp . . 
  it was dying anyway . 
  there were a lot of local languages in the 19th century . 
  radio bound everyone to one national language and dialect . 
  not really . 
  it 's the obvious 5 and ireland sort of hangs around being neutral . 
  join . 
  us independence predates the commonwealth . 
  us , germany , japan , and sk are the ones using them . 
  there are quite a few countries other that use the abrams and leopard , too . 
  pretty much everyone uses a 120mm cannon though to be able to piggy-back on us logistics . 
  iraq got export model abrams . 
  isis simply destroyed the abrams they captured , they do n't have the logistics to operate them but there is plenty of spare ammunition for old soviet stuff . 
  driving an abrams around is probably sure fire way to get a visit from the usaf , too . 
  abrams has advanced armor that contains depleted uranium . 
  that 's not cheap . 
  more importantly it 's seen far more combat . 
  with that experience soldiers report that they need additions x , y , and z to help in actual operating conditions instead of test ranges . 
  they get added for later models and retrofits and the price goes up . 
  if you have a big enough blast is does n't matter if you penetrate the armor , you just scramble everything inside anyway with a huge shock . 
  it 's got to be a big ass ied though . 
  it 's a guideline . 
  my hunch is that it 's both . 
  there 's probably artists who genuinely believe in the cult of personality and there are probably plenty ( hopefully more ) that see it is as a way to make a living and work in as much satire as possible from within . 
  must be an axis thing . 
  huh . 
  germany does that same audience reaction pip thing that japan does . 
  is that common in europe ? 
   being divorced / not believing in god / not having a family these things are not the same as having an affair . 
  he 's one of the 72 virgins . 
  the iowa class bbs are in camden , nj ; norfolk , va ; pearl harbor , hi ; and los angeles , ca . 
  russia has more warheads , usa has more missiles with which to deliver warheads . 
  thus the us arsenal is effectively greater . 
  the hair is there for hygeine reasons . 
  china has been going through that process for thousands of years and its still ongoing . 
  the same goes for europe , for that matter . 
  honshu is the lattitude of iberia or the us . 
  most of europe is at a pretty extreme lattitude for such large populations . 
  bmw suvs are made in the us by workers being paid in us dollars , so their price is going to go up for the whole world because they are n't made anywhere else ( for now ) . 
  they have some sort of nuclear device . 
  `` bomb '' might be generous since it 's probably not something that can be delivered except on the back of a big truck . 
  china has been invading vietnam for millenia . 
  it 's less absurd when you realize that communism was a medium through which they were obtaining independence . 
  once this was realized by politicians in washington relations quickly recovered . 
  obviously a lot of horrible things were done in the vietnam war but there 's not really much lasting enmity . 
  we got you covered , france . 
  [ 2015 new york quarter ] ( http://www.usmint.gov/mint_programs/atb/2015/images/atb_05.jpg ), 
  england has been invaded plenty in its past . 
  the trouble is that modern england is very much a product of that mix of cultures . 
  probably more difficult to get around is that those invasions are all long before nation states were really a thing . 
  yeah , it 's pretty iffy . 
  why not just put wales ( ongoing occupation ) ? 
  some might say that 's correct . 
  they could have ( should have ? ), 
  broken the uk into its constituent countries and put the last time those were occupied . 
  although there 's the trouble of the conquerors not necessarily ever leaving but becoming part of the country . 
  nato militaries frequently train in the us . 
  particularly for air combat or live fire stuff . 
  there just is n't enough empty space to do that safely in europe at a scale that 's meaningful . 
  also hard to do desert training in europe . 
   lamented you are probably looking for the word `` lambasted '' lament is more like regret or mourn . 
  i finally realized why continental breakfast is called continental . 
  mind blown . 
  the multipolar great power system did n't have superpowers . 
  they were all limited in some fashion and kept that way by the others . 
  the uk even at its height did n't have the army to dictate terms on the continent , they had to have partners . 
  germany assembled a vast army but had a weak navy and insufficient economic influence . 
  usa and ussr reached a point where the only direct check against them was nuclear annihilation . 
  india is over 10x the size of the united kingdom . 
  remember it 's an old worldview where small groups of men control huge chunks of the world . 
  corruption is a factor if what they want is a piece of the action . 
  complicated is right . 
  it 's a serious pain in the ass to navigate and what 's not mentioned is the cost in time dealing with the bureaucracy . 
  my interest in a single national program is just to simplify things more than anything else . 
  this place has deteriorated quite a bit over the last few years . 
  then again so has / r/worldnews . 
  it used to just be heavily political and annoying now it 's passed through stages of crazy racism and entered the realm of straight up moonbat conspiracies . 
  large forums do n't maintain quality without heavy moderation , which / r/europe does n't have and i do n't think people want . 
  / r/shitxsays subreddits are all terrible . 
  they are filled with people who choose to spend their time combing through internet comments for something to complain about behind the backs of others . 
  they 're just trying to get out before the georgia summer . 
  it 's the best largish subreddit that discusses international news . 
  not that the competition is impressive . 
  that is to say that if there was a / r/worldnews that did n't suck i 'd be there instead because i 'm interested in asia and latin america , too . 
  depends on what you consider a minority . 
  many would consider jfk to be a minority president . 
  they were n't interested in being trained . 
  they were interested in getting paid and not in fighting anybody . 
  presumably there are ukrainians that want to fight . 
  given the way these drills are constrained ( e.g. 
  carrier task group is known to be in area x at time y ) i 'd be disappointed if a nato navy was unable to mount a successful attack . 
  submarines with that sort of knowledge are pretty much unstoppable .
