  canada is getting to the point where they ca n't even fulfill coast guards duties in its own territory . 
  who 's excited for some international basketball ? 
  serbia has been playing really well . 
  group a looks to be a murderer 's row . 
  scotus functions pretty well . 
  hitler wanted a war . 
  wars were part of his of national social darwinism . 
  need war to cull the weak etc. 
  except that unlike lenin 's grandfather lenin was actually a key figure in a world changing event . 
  lenin arguably had a bigger impact . 
  there is no stalin , hitler , or mao without lenin . 
  after him probably stalin . 
  2nd empire is already a term used for the reorganization and expansion of colonial holdings after the loss of the united states . 
  the us emphasis has very much been on multilateral trade agreements . 
  the larger goal of tpp and ttip is to have the whole world on roughly the same terms in regards to regulation . 
  iirc there is desire to expand panamerican trade agreements as well . 
  sounds about right . 
  tpp and ttip involve teams of experts in every industry and an iterative process of terms and negotiation that takes years . 
  consider also that negotiation partners may have other priorities as well . 
  hence obama 's comment about the uk going to the back of the line . 
  the us has a ton of trade negotiation commitments already , many of them multilateral and collectively of greater significance than a bilateral us-uk treaty . 
  those are the largest but not the oldest . 
  bristlecone pines cling to life in the dryer parts of the mountains for upwards of 5000 years . 
  then there 's the cloning aspens which are 10s of thousand of years old . 
  if there 's one thing you do n't want to get into a pissing contest with the us it 's how old your trees are . 
  it is a great example of a large economy that benefits from union though . 
  http://finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=eurcad%3dx+interactive# { `` range '' : `` 5d '' , `` allowchartstacking '' : true } a hiccup but it does n't look like a major sustained change . 
  we 're speaking irish dialect now . 
   the data comes from polls posted through may and june in 123 articles on the website of the independent , a liberal british newspaper with a global online readership . 
  zero validity, 
  probably a fair number of canadians . 
  so what happens to nato in this timeline ? 
  each sport 's international governing body is the authority on who is or is not eligible to compete , the rules of the competition , officiating , etc. 
  ioc is for organizing the event . 
  have you ? 
  china and the us are nearly identical in size . 
  marking them as an invasive probably makes them more difficult to import as food and hurts the maine economy which is strongly tied to lobster trapping . 
  it seems to me that if na lobster were going to thrive in europe they will have had cross contamination opportunities for hundreds of years already . 
  half of it is stupid stuff congress makes them do . 
  at some point in the last 70 years some politician scored some points by banging his fists and shouting about furriners . 
  everything from nazis to international communism to jihad . 
  the rest of it just serves to perjur yourself for even minor crimes and make it super difficult to ever return . 
  two now . 
  it pops up here . 
  maybe europe does n't care but japan and korea are major active partners of the us . 
  probably makes a mark he can track his wheel onto on the next pass . 
  baguettes are n't something you can stock up on . 
  they turn into clubs within 36 hours . 
  in california , roughly $ 3-6 / kg depending on the season . 
  low end being buying it from an independent fruit stand in the valley . 
  high end being imported from chile in the winter . 
  supermarket strawberries are usually pretty shit . 
  sold by the basket , half-flat , and flat rather than by weight so prices are estimates . 
  china is adopting a strategy more akin to the soviet union : area denial rather than force projection . 
  they see that the only possible threat is a conflict with the us and/or japan which they ca n't really overwhelm by numbers or technology so they have to focus on just making it impossible/difficult for said countries to operate in their region . 
  the competition was about tank crews , not tanks . 
  for them to be using duolingo they either have to know english or french already . 
  in those former colonies it will be english that they know and french the obvious language to learn since it 's common on the continent . 
  vice versa for french colonies to learn english . 
  to expand on that the coins themselves were essentially some precious metal at a practical purity meted out as a practical coin size . 
  the exchange rate of one coin to another could then fluctuate based on the precious metal market . 
  it 's not really until you have a paper ( or other relatively worthless media ) currency , sophisticated banking , and very precise control of metallurgy that you can get nice decimal exchange rates for all your coinage . 
  they should just move to kansas . 
  it 's a very nice yoshi . 
  i like mexico 's a lot . 
  should revert to being the kingdom of great britain . 
  great flag . 
  i specifically looked for a bottle of spanish olive oil at the supermarket once . 
  everything was either bottled in italy or bottled in usa with italian flags stuck all over it . 
  hand/power tools are an example of something i buy us/germany/japan . 
  then there 's non-commercial stuff like jet engines where you want us/uk/france / russia . 
  the original charters of the colonies generally left them without a western border . 
  [ they essentially just kept going to the pacific ] ( http://www.virginiaplaces.org/boundaries/graphics/charterwestward.gif ) . 
  it was later acts that cut them off at the appalachian mountains . 
  the reality on the ground is that neither france nor great britain controlled much of anything far beyond the navigable coasts , rivers , and a few scattered forts . 
  it was native land . 
  soviets did n't have the bomb until ' 49 . 
  then the chinese communists won their civil war . 
  then the north koreans invade the south . 
  those three events combine to create the hysteria , imo . 
  until then there 's a chance to work things out . 
  47 is still pretty much the era of new deal democrats in the us . 
  an american will note that their example pledge of allegience does n't have the phrase `` under god '' shoe horned into it yet , for instance . 
  the nation has n't yet redefined itself in opposition of communism . 
  in 1947 americans are the sole bearers of nuclear power and live in impregnable fortress north america . 
  voting is managed by states , and ballots will probably be made up by the county , it is in california anyway . 
  my ballot comes with english and spanish standard . 
  simplified chinese , tagalog , and vietnamese by request . 
  pretty much depends how many of what foreign language live where . 
  if you 're the one german speaker in you 're district you 're not going to be getting a ballot made just for you . 
  the state-wide ( california ) [ ballot guide ] ( http://vig.cdn.sos.ca.gov/2016/general/en/pdf/complete-vig.pdf ) has english/spanish , chinese , japanese , korean , hindi , khmer , tagalog , thai , and vietnamese versions . 
  [ this is what my actual sample ballot looks like . ], 
  ( http://www.acgov.org/rov/230/33.pdf ) it 's english / espa\u00f1ol standard . 
  as an aside california has what 's called a jungle primary . 
  meaning that in a june election everyone running for a state office or us congress goes into a big pot . 
  people vote for who they like . 
  top two , and nobody else , are placed on the final november ballot . 
  june ballot had like 50 names for senate or something like that . 
  they do n't send the best and brightest to spend their careers sitting in holes in the ground . 
  the system is n't as foolproof as it seems once you consider the human element .
