  it 's basically live action dragon ball z. 
  i think it 's about number of pages , not people . 
  russian speakers are very prolific in computer science and web design . 
  chinese are largely limited to few massive sites . 
  rip, 
  it 's pointless though . 
  anyone capable of overwhelming our conventional forces and threatening us sovereignty are n't going to stopped by conscript infantry , they 're going to be stopped by a massive nuclear arsenal . 
  they were n't destroyed but they were blockaded enough to destroy consumer industry . 
  what they got from the us was n't really anything helpful towards building a post-war economy , either . 
  it was to get them through the war and no further . 
  industries collapsed or were cannibalized to feed the war machine . 
  the close relationship with the empire was pretty much shattered and all the economic opportunities it brought along with it . 
  post-war world was an american world ruled by its modern factories and consolidation of international finance . 
  louisiana is awfully flat to be hosting a bike race . 
  nra is for gun rights to the extreme . 
  they take a very hardline stance against any kind of regulation , it 's not just hunters . 
  if it was an organization for hunting rifles and shotguns they would n't act the way they do . 
  appropriate username . 
  missed opportunity to use the word ` spelunker ', 
  lies . 
  mexico has great cuisine . 
  do n't sleep with your food :p, 
  los angeles in particular is a very young city . 
  the older cities in the area are the missions established by the spanish in the 1700s . 
  unfortunately the natives did n't really build anything that was n't made of wood or natural fibers , so it 's all lost to time . 
  in the desert areas and mexico the people built with stone and brick so there 's cool old stuff to see . 
  dylan is more of a folk musician . 
  classic country would be stuff like [ hank williams ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcigqwdwwag ) , [ merle haggard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffhcglf0xdw ) , [ johnny cash ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exve40nng-m ) , [ marty robbins ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-y3db0wlh4 ) , [ loretta lynn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9ehp7jjgq8 ) , etc. 
  certainly a genre with heavy folk influences but also a lot of rockabilly/rock 'n' roll and blues influence . 
  http://youtube.com/watch?v=wysgnm8qh-i it 's pop music with twang . 
  imperial uk had always tried to check the strongest continental power through alliances and limited direct involvement . 
  it 's really strange that there is so much narrative about the uk being a victim in ww1 . 
  they more than any other country in the world were able to shape international relations . 
  it 's their powder keg that exploded . 
  i 'm glad i live in a part of the country that has a diverse offering of music . 
  do n't really have any idea where pop music is these days but it seems like they 've gone completely off the deep end . 
  also sad how ridiculously overproduced and banal country music has become over the last couple decades . 
  classic country is pretty great . 
  overall though i think the internet has just fractured the music scene so much that the more progressive/artistic/whatever branches are no longer reliant on the pop audience and whatnot . 
  they 're no longer created watered down versions of what they want to do just so they can make a living , they can create their vision and connect directly to their audience . 
  we do n't even do that in the us . 
  shanghai is devouring hong kong bit by bit . 
  eventually shanghai will be on the level of ny/london but hk peaked in the 90s . 
  san francisco is pretty awesome . 
  it 's a beautiful city with lots of museums , landmarks , ethnic neighborhoods , waterfront , great food , music . 
  it 's one of america 's cultural hubs on par with places like new york city or los angeles . 
  beyond that it 's also the major metro area of northern california , which is just rife with ridiculously gorgeous natural beauty . 
  fat people generally are n't the ones you meet in street parties . 
  we are extremely casual by european standards . 
  wow you 're really fucking stupid . 
  iceland 's contribution to nato is their territory , it 's extremely important for protecting the north atlantic . 
  that 's why there 's special treatment . 
  labor unions are fundamentally protectionist . 
  the only way they function is if they have a effective monopoly over the labor pool . 
  widening the labor pool by opening up foreign markets weakens them . 
  splintering along ethnic lines is not inevitable for every country . 
  there are many that manage to overcome their differences and are arguably stronger because of it . 
  learning to compromise and accept defeat is absolutely vital to a healthy democracy . 
  lisbon 's bridge is like san francisco 's two main bridges had a baby . 
  basically the bay bridge structure with the golden gate 's paint . 
  these chucklefucks are n't capturing any us special forces . 
  beyond that , you do n't understand the american psyche if you think the response to an execution is withdrawal . 
  special forces do n't require political will . 
  they 're already assumed to be anywhere anytime already . 
  you can get smaller ones for a couple thousand bucks . 
  this is probably a proprietary one they cooked up with enough lift to handle their desired package . 
  they just altered the legal interpretation of it ( they 've done this a few times ) to allow for collective self-defense again . 
  they can now go to war if one of their allies are attacked , not just japan itself . 
  handheld lasers are probably not something that 's in the near future . 
  these are extremely high energy lasers , you need ship-sized power generation and capacitors . 
  maybe they 'd be the future of direct-fire anti-aircraft vehicles , though . 
  there is a uss georgia ... :p, 
  even then they 're still isolated to the eastern mediterranean . 
  that 's pretty much inevitable for russia . 
  their ports stink . 
  black sea and baltic sea are obviously hemmed in by multiple straights and unfriendly countries while vladivostok is nearby the unsinkable aircraft carrier uss japan . 
  the alternatives are frozen half the year . 
  there 's a reason they 're not a blue water naval power . 
  this is actually a possibility in the near future . 
  provided congress approve the sale it 's feasible for at least jaxa and esa to purchase manned leo capability from boeing/spacex/sierra nevada . 
  possibly india as well . 
  not sure if they 'd want to risk shipping the rockets ( probably not too big of a deal to the get to french guiana ) or launch from florida , though . 
  renting florida facilities means that everything specific to the stuff nasa is using is already available with lots of expertise on hand . 
  `` warships '' the entire blue water us navy is 300 actual warships . 
  russia is n't putting 80 , about the size of the royal navy , in a sea . 
  it turns out landing on the moon is easier than international politics . 
  1/3 disneyland 1/3 disneyworld 1/3 yellowstone . 
  all these mediterraneans saying they 're loud . 
  we 're loud . 
  chinese are loud . 
  latin america is loud . 
  maybe it 's just that northern europeans are quiet . 
  misleading when it 's taken into account what each person 's lifestyle actually means in terms of carbon footprint . 
  outsourcing resource extraction and dirty manufacturing processes is n't green . 
  japanese in particular have a habit of carrying enormous sums of straight cash because plastic and atms are not popular in japan . 
  i can imagine petty crime is a particulary rough transition for them . 
  it 's about crippling demographic and monetary crises . 
  sounds like you need some texans https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89ulieiqqyu, 
  we get the clean , educated mooslems . 
  if americans are worried about crime while traveling it 's petty theft and pickpockets , not homicide .
