  giving un power to small states just means that countries which in fact hold no real world power control the un . 
  the big countries would reject its proclaimed authority and it would crumble at the first crisis . 
  they 're interested in acquiring the brand , ip assets , and product lines . 
  a lot of the administration and logistics will be redundant , though and inevitably be cut . 
  it 's just banter , mate . 
  hawaii is nearly the size of belgium . 
  probably . 
  usa gets the benefits of a stronger ally with a less complicated regulatory market without giving up sovereignty ( like eu countries must ) . 
  that 's how the forbes stuff works too . 
  crap pay for controversial drivel . 
  stand next a hot grill or open oven on broil . 
  intense radiant heat is actually pretty accurate . 
  i 'm sure cuba has plenty of baseball fields . 
  broken spanish is our only foreign language . 
  on a related note it seems we now have more spanish speakers than spain does : http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/29/us-second-biggest-spanish-speaking-country, 
  the us does n't have civil unions . 
  gays have full marriage rights . 
  it is . 
  the parties change stances more quickly than texas 's demographics are changing . 
  the point is the thousands of other types of products where regulatory harmonization is feasible and not likely to cause a lot of political bickering . 
  agricultural/food anything is always a political minefield . 
  probably not . 
  frisian is the closest living language to english . 
  so , yeah , pretty much . 
  ftas include language to exclude that sort of thing . 
   scenario : linear growth well that 's kind of silly . 
  i 'm sure they will eventually surpass us when they have a huge gdp but linear growth is a ridiculous assumption . 
  it 's just normal maintenance of nuclear arsenal . 
  us does the same . 
  i think he 's using his power to place a chosen successor in charge before he 's stripped of the ability to do so . 
  because concacaf is mostly comprised of corrupt island federations that are at the core of what 's wrong with fifa . 
  us , mexico , canada , panama , costa rica , etc. 
  certainly do n't want to put up with that shit anymore either . 
  is @ not on your keyboard ? 
  the asian portion seemed very glossed over in general . 
  it 's a lot easier to navigate three dimensions of mostly empty space with little chance of terrain blocking communications . 
  yes , reddit can be quite stupid . 
  in essence what this does is split the huge customs line at the airport of arrival into smaller lines at the airport of departure . 
  at the departing airport you are more likely to have staff that speak your language fluently , know of any particular legal oddities that arise from travelling from said country to the us , etc. 
  since you spend less time at the arriving airport it 's also much easier to meet short domestic connecting windows . 
  if people want to know how evil it is just ask canadians , they already have these programs in some airports . 
  surprisingly they prefer to go through us customs in canada with a bunch of other canadians instead of in san francisco with half of asia . 
  south america barely matters in voting . 
  they have probably the greatest source of great players in the world and get all of 10/209 of the voting power . 
  tiny caribbean countries have more representation . 
  there are multiple ways . 
  an employer will often pay for someone to get further qualifications ( and in return you must sign a contract to work for some minimum number of years ) . 
  for more research oriented degrees you can work in your professor 's lab or do library grunt work . 
  of course it 's common for grad students ( or even upper division undergrads ) to work as assistants in the classroom , host lab sessions , or run study sections . 
  b-17 , b-24 , and lancaster would all be capable of dropping bombs that size ( as would the b-29 which was used only in the pacific ) . 
  in the past few years there has been a former fbi investigator who compiled a private report ( for fifa ) on their internal ethics problems . 
  bill clinton was involved in the us bid for 2022 and apparently was so upset by the clear corruption that he punched a mirror . 
  certainly a powerful person that can pull the right strings to get an investigation rolling . 
  the us doj does n't issue indictments without already having extremely strong cases lined up . 
  the ground beef patty is german . 
  the sandwich is american . 
  joining requires unanimous consent of the members . 
  if they should be forced to do anything it should be learning new skills . 
  menial labor is physically mentally exhausting and hurts their ability to improve themselves or find a full time job . 
  students these days are raised on cell phones instead of computers as their primary tech device . 
  they may have less skills than the last generation . 
  can certainly do it as distance/turn with units occupying a certain radius around themselves as in total war . 
  it will stay up until you are all happy . 
  i consider them italian . 
  written by , directed by , produced by italians . 
  while movie casts are basically all international it 's those roles which really control the creative vision . 
  they 're being consolidated all into one , iirc . 
  there are lots of old usaf/usn air fields all over the country . 
  that goes for basically everyone though . 
  also those numbers probably include helicopters . 
  [ here 's one of the mountains of aircraft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/309th_aerospace_maintenance_and_regeneration_group ) . 
  it would be the world 's largest airforce if just that one base was activated . 
  we import from north america , but oil is global commodity anyway so prices elsewhere will effect prices in canada and mexico since crude is easy to ship around the world . 
  gas is less easy to transport . 
  russian resources are being sold off at cheap prices regardless . 
  the country is run by self-interested thugs . 
  any western company is able to mine and drill to their heart 's content if they grease the right people . 
  corruption is a lot cheaper than building russia into a prosperous country . 
  people tend to forget that mexico is just huge in general . 
  or assume that the whole thing is like the sonora desert . 
  there are a lot of hills/mountains there that might create a lot of cloud cover like in peru/ecuador . 
  japan also seems darker than expected , again probably due to clouds forming on their mountains . 
  the vast majority of which are n't in the single market . 
  most of the bad press the us irs gets is due to the shitty forms and bureaucratic hoops one has to leap through . 
  these are actually things mandated by law , ergo , the fault of congress . 
  irs has been in favor of reforms to make their work and our tax filings easier and more efficient . 
  plenty of countries do them . 
  we do them but not large army ones . 
  historically we have been mistrustful of armies and do n't really connect it to our national identity all that closely . 
  the navy is more true to our merchant background . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dejkezkhby a country like france ( or russia ) obviously puts more historical importance in their army . 
  texas and mexico are n't just desert either . 
  germany was n't `` just barely '' defeated . 
  they were completely and utterly destroyed . 
  every inch of their territory occupied . 
  every factory destroyed or taken . 
  leadership decapitated . 
  codes broken . 
  armies surrendered . 
  air force shot out of the sky .
