  the idea that the opposition must be * opposite * is just ridiculous and wrong . 
  this is why i think the nsa two functions , signals intelligence and signals security , need to be broken up into two different agencies . 
  the two goals are too likely to be at odds with one another . 
  not really . 
  it 's outdated and insufficient for the numbers that we see . 
  it 's also very lacking in making the process streamlined for the most desirable ( educated ) immigrants to gain permanent residency . 
  in our case i think the immigration flows themselves are fairly self-regulating based on economic opportunity ( latin america , particularly mexico , is better developed than north africa ) and slow when the jobs just are n't available . 
  the lesser extent of social programs also makes it less desirable to be in the united states unless they 're actually working and earning that higher us wage . 
  generally speaking they 're also not fleeing political persecution , so there 's not additional pressure to remain in the us even if it the most financially sound move , the exception to this being cuba . 
  however the us still has a lot of policies based on political immigration that date back decades and centuries to when europeans were the largest immigrant community and would pile up in port cities in slums even if there was n't actually any work available based on vague promises . 
  where reform is needed is making sure these immigrants are documented so that they 're protected in the workplace , their children are n't being neglected , and they are n't victim to human traffickers . 
  we need a bureaucratic overhaul to make the process easier for the individual and able to handle more people more quickly . 
  that argument would hold more water if europe itself did n't host dozens ( hundreds ? ), 
  of institution whose entire purpose is to seek out and shame other countries of the world for wrongdoings based on the western moral/ethical code . 
  it 's really a characteristic of modern western civilization not isolated to one continent or another . 
  even on a national level arkansas is of no importance . 
  that all condenses down into pedant pretty nicely , too . 
  cabinet is a more fitting american translation . 
  the navajo ? 
  the hawaiians ? 
  the inuit ? 
  how about the cajuns or the german-speaking amish ? 
  we 're hardly without organized subcultures beyond the immigrant diversity everyone bandies about . 
  that sounds more like a fantasy . 
  why ? 
  germany seems to be perfectly fine with paying for nuclear power as long as the power plants are n't on their soil . 
  in fact that could be a good way for some european countries to even the economic imbalance . 
  invest in a high tech nuclear industry and modern , safe reactor designs and sell power to germany while they fiddle about with `` green '' energy . 
  on that note we have an excess of unupgraded abrams ... would probably be difficult to get congress to authorize selling our * much needed * tanks though . 
  what would we do with that many tanks , invade mexico ? 
  by our geographic location we are a natural sea and air power , not a land power . 
  many of our tanks are n't even desired by the army but the product of political shenanigans keeping factories operating . 
  in the west the numerical advantage was usually expressed , at least by american armies , not in a meat grinder but a storm of steel . 
  enormous artillery barrages and aerial bombardment . 
  that 's how the us flexes its industrial might . 
  please , take the cajuns , just leave their cuisine to us . 
  it 's all about digging a hole near the edge of the waves as the tide is coming in and then using the sand to stave off the ocean . 
  pointless combat with nature is what the beach is meant for . 
  it 's worth noting that some of these seem to be more a reflection of latin american rather than spanish curiosity . 
  particularly portugal and france . 
  record it for posterity , teach it in the schools . 
  global and regional languages are not going to be stopped from making gains in business but a language can be kept alive for cultural purposes . 
  if the navajo can do it surely the baltics can . 
  are n't you guys still spending 2 % though ? 
  where 's that money going if your navy is so limited these days ? 
  going by wiki there 's been at least one attempt at the life of every us president since nixon . 
  pssh we have a muslim president . 
  lol , they 're welcome to try to get a drone into us airspace . 
  the us is the principal military force behind the alliance , that 's already known , and thus the majority of the military power is already represented by the us 's representatives anyway . 
  the position of secretary general allows for the european half of the alliance to better voice their consensus with a single voice instead of a dissonant chorus . 
  this only really leaves out canada with which the us already has plenty of other bilateral defense cooperation to coordinate policy . 
  the article directly references the nasa space shuttle program three times . 
  they 're not talking about air port buses , the use of shuttle is clear in this context . 
  the defining attribute of the space shuttle program was reusability . 
  this vehicle is an aerodynamic reentry testbed your semantic babble notwithstanding . 
  the space shuttle referred to the entire launch assembly of orbiter , solid rocket boosters , and external fuel tank ; of which only the fuel tank was n't reusable . 
  this is a capsule that is designed to use the same sort of reentry aerodynamics as the orbiter , its design should allow it to carry more mass safely through reentry but it 's not really aiming to achieve the same goals that the shuttle program attempted . 
  i 'm not sure why the press keeps calling it a shuttle . 
  they 're a reputable news source , their name is a relic of being an old publication with a strange request from the founder . 
  `` he '' is a bunch of bot-posted stuff all over reddit . 
   on march 19 , the center on the united states and europe ( cuse ) hosted nato secretary-general anders fogh rasmussen for a statesman 's forum address on the importance of the transatlantic alliance and how the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) is evolving to address new common security challenges . 
  as the crisis in ukraine shows that security in the euro-atlantic area can not be taken for granted , the secretary-general discussed nato 's essential role in an unpredictable world . 
  he outlined the agenda for the september nato summit in wales as a critical opportunity to ensure that the alliance has the military capabilities necessary to deal with the threats it now faces , to consider how nato members can better share the collective burden of defense and to engage constructively with partners around the world . 
  http://www.brookings.edu/events/2014/03/19-nato-secretary-general-address [ transcript pdf ] ( http://www.brookings.edu/~/media/events/2014/3/19%20rasmussen%20nato/20140319_nato_transcript.pdf ), 
  not even remotely the same . 
  yeah . . us-canada trade is like $ 600b and the largest trade between any two countries in the world . 
  do we not dig holes ? 
  because every time i go to the beach there are people creating huge holes for absolutely no reason . 
  not to rain on your parade but russia has weapons that are 1000s of kilotons . 
  not really that set in stone . 
  seems like non-us/rf are about 1 in 6 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_international_space_station_expeditions, 
  it 's a cannon that shoots cannons . 
  germany is n't . 
  they have no force projection and no nuclear weapons . 
  in theory they should have more soft power but they 've shown no will to use it . 
   i 'm pretty sure the americans would be equally displeased if european producers start naming their cheeses colby jack or monterey jack and export them to the us market . 
  we really would n't be upset . 
  there is a cultural gulf of understanding here . 
  in the us when something is named `` monterey jack '' or `` brie '' we do n't take that to mean it 's literally from that region or even from the original produced . 
  we take it to mean it 's made in that style . 
  that 's why this is annoying to us . 
  it 's not like we think we are always getting the real deal to begin with but we 're being asked to learn new made up terms for styles of food we already know . 
  people marketing a premium product in the us would do well to emphasize `` product of < region  , < country  '' on the label . 
  that 's how we do it for our own domestic foods . 
  is n't russian gas/oil traded in euro and usd ? 
  it 's probably because our border changes were bloodless and civil . 
  not like these barbarians . 
  g7 was originally meant to only have the largest 7 developed democractic economies . 
  russia fit that definition , sorta , china certainly does n't . 
  russia is n't a reliable supplier though , they 've cut off gas supplies before to get what they want and there 's no reason to think they wo n't do so again . 
  one diversifies because it limits the bargaining power of each individual supplier so that if it is necessary or unavoidable a shutoff can be weather with less pain . 
  qatar and saudi arabia are n't exactly unstable either , though they are shitty regimes . 
  i like the idea of edm leopards better . 
  outfit them with big amplifiers and club lights . 
  people should n't be downvoting you . 
  it was made very clear at the time that assurance does n't mean `` guarantee '' ( a specific diplomatic word which implies full military backing ) . 
  assurance just means they 'll apply diplomatic pressure , like they are . 
  i think it 's the correct choice . 
  what positive impact could the eu bring to these delicate negotiations ? 
  * they lack any unified hard power with which to back up any threats .
