  soviet tactics were to overwhelm nato defenses through numbers , but since the collapse those numbers have dwindled to well below what would be needed to pull that sort of thing off . 
  the article makes it sound more like the least bad option . 
  lol . 
  do n't bother to include little ol' japan with thrice the gdp of russia . 
  it 's not like they 're one of the us 's closest allies or anything . 
  [ this is from july ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6gealjk.png ) , it 's only getting worse from there . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2014/07/pg-2014-07-09-russia-favorability.pdf ) get back under your bridge . 
  yes , but the means to transport it out of north america do n't exist yet , they 're being constructed now . 
  we could ship oil and coal , though , if there is really an emergency need for heat through the winter . 
  lots of idiots who think two powerful entities must necessarily compete . 
  recognizing the role of us aid ( which it is important not to overstate , the struggle was borne mostly by millions of chinese ) during the war implicitly requires recognizing the role of the chinese nationalists . 
  so you can forget about that . 
  the media there churns out constant d-grade movies of peasant soldiers cutting japanese to pieces . 
  the best way to handle it is to have the remaining big 4 nuclear powers ( us , china , uk , france ) exchange generous amounts of aid for warheads . 
  and/or lesser amounts of aid to inspect and ensure that they are in fittingly high security areas and qualified hands ( i.e. 
  not poor soldiers who need to make a couple million quick ) . 
  that 's just naked aggression . 
  rebels do n't have trained pilots and fighter aircraft . 
  i wonder how much highly populated areas have been affected by millennia of intensive farming . 
  generally speaking a division is the smallest unit meant to operate self-sufficiently . 
  it has its own logistics , air arm , artillery , etc. 
  here 's the us 1st infantry division for an example http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1st_infantry_division_ ( united_states ) #current _ structure that said by us strategy i think it 's the regiment/brigade level that 's supposed to be fairly easy to swap around between divisions . 
  so it 's easy to imagine a multinational division composed of single nationality brigades as long as the divisional command has good communications with all parties . 
  in the us army a corps consists of several divisions , while divisions are composed of multiple brigades or regiments . 
  thus a corps is roughly an order of magnitude larger than a brigade . 
  i 'm impressed that russia 's official ambassadors use the same shitty rhetoric that their internet trolls do . 
  deflect , deflect , no proof !, 
  what about washington ? 
  they 're such a bully !, 
  already do that with electronic surveillance planes . 
  guam ? 
  rest of the world , really . 
  the pacific/asian allies are very nervous of late , too . 
  many of whom apparently did n't much like obama 's `` lead from behind '' hokey . 
  although japan has made a big step by reverting to their old interpretation of self-defense to include collective defense again . 
  yes , please continue giving fox news the attention they want for their shock tactics . 
  you mean . 
  / r/europe is so biased against russia . 
  you guys have a great basketball team . 
  it does n't take much . 
  access to the communications infrastructure , a signal splitter . 
  bang , you 're spying on millions . 
  a non-aggression pact is practically the opposite of an alliance . 
  it 's basically `` we both fucking hate eachother , but let 's not go to war for a while '' . 
  colorado probably . 
  sorry to break this to you , but cobain is dead . 
  kauai is literally paradise . 
  i thought we had it rough in california . . 
  it 's fascinating how for some people it 's impossible to attribute any bad thing to anything but america . 
  chicago is one the most violent cities in the us . 
  the responsible way to do it is providing food at a fair market price ( determined by smart people ) that will allow the local farmers to continue operating ( and preferably expanding ) profitably . 
  this will still probably amount to a donation in terms of it being a loss but it less of a shock to the local market . 
  food aid should only be given to relieve famine caused by some sort of disaster . 
  it has a lot of potential to screw up the local economy and cause more long-lasting famine . 
  if one is simply looking to improve the local agricultural sector they could give aid by way of education , donation of machinery , or help by breeding more productive forms of the local produce . 
  they 'll probably be overrun by chinese imports soon anyway . 
  surely a leafblower would be simpler . . 
  if you 're allowing for assassinations a lot more countries need to be red . 
  what 's wrong with obliterating the ukrainian economy for some pr ? 
  is that what you 're asking ? 
  if your goal is to destroy ukrainian agriculture this is a great method , it 's called dumping . 
  food aid should only be given to places physically unable to meet their needs whether it be because of natural disaster , war , or some other reason . 
  that 's a sociopath , not a terrorist . 
  terrorists use terror as a means to an end . 
  is there not already a standardized transportation network for europe ? 
  i would think integrating roads , rail , power , water , etc infrastructure should be one of the first things a union should do . 
  it 's also one of the best ways to help the poorer areas catch up economically . 
  officially declaring war has been pretty much made illegal by the un charter . 
  everything is some kind of police action , defensive measure , humanitarian mission , etc. 
  now . 
  just ignore texans . 
  republics 4 lyfe, 
  this based on americas history of backing down from superior opponents . . no ? 
  no such thing has ever happened ? 
  just pulled it out of your ass then ... 
  china has a no first use policy , for what it 's worth . 
  so at least officially they should be against russia in such a case . 
  that picture of madrid makes me think of los angeles . 
  mountains make everything better . 
  send in the 1st ~ ~ marine ~ ~ humanitarian division, 
  batman ? 
  in my day there were no otakus because japan was closed off to the world . 
  speaking the same language just means that people * wrongly * assume they understand eachother despite a gulf of cultural differences between them . 
  usually part of learning a language involves learning about a culture , too . 
  that does n't happen between english-speaking countries . 
  they 're probably already paying a lot more for salaries of people working on the task . 
  bone marrow is supposed to be very rich . 
  like meat butter . 
  have n't tried it myself . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  i think a lot of them problem is that simply are n't a tame , domesticated animal . 
  they 're the size of a car and will do what they want . 
  much more difficult and dangerous for people to manage . 
  bison is fantastic . 
  california is undergoing a severe drought so there 's more of a eu -  us market for nuts and fruits than usual . 
  iran is already seeing a huge boon from delicious pistachios http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pistachio#cultivation why are n't more grown in europe ? 
  seems their typical answer to unrest and hostage type situations is to just kill everyone , then it 's nice and quiet . 
  pretty long if emergency rationing was also used . 
  less street lighting , no a/c or heating except for dangerous temperatures , distribute warm clothing and blankets to those who need them , short term rise in coal use while long term alternatives are arranged . 
  probably need to make it stretch through one winter .
