  also if your exercises are n't finding weaknesses you should think up some new exercises . 
  the fbi is actually filled with our first generation of space marines . 
  thin crust 4 lyfe . 
  there could easily be a discrepancy in how undocumented people are included ( or not ) . 
  you 're skeptical of the us census ? 
  they have one of the strongest militaries in the world . 
  limitations are on funding and the type of capabilities . 
  they do n't spend more than 1 % gdp and do n't have the logistical capability to do anything other then defend japan or korea . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's possible to have a legit poll done in cuba but i 'd be surprised if the general population had a very negative view . 
  even venezuela has a positive opinion of the us . 
  `` we '' call ourselves that if we 're trying to make english friends online . 
  they do it frequently to norad . 
  yes . 
  he broke a precedent of stepping down after two terms which had been followed since washington . 
  it 's supposed to stop the president-for-life syndrome that afflicts so many would-be democracies . 
  it was set firmly into law via constitutional amendment after fdr died . 
  it 's not that nobody cares . 
  it 's that there 's not a whole lot that can be done . 
  it 's built on top of limestone and it 's only a matter of time until it fails . 
  in the meantime the constantly growing caverns beneath the dam need to be filled and refilled with grout while a down stream dam can be built to replace this one . 
  all of this requires a lot more stability in the region . 
  just having the materials alone is a huge undertaking . 
  going to kodiak would be cool regardless . 
  russia has literally had ships make port calls in the us . 
  it 's not the us that 's ratcheting up all this military tension . 
  those destroyers are loaded with anti-missile defenses . 
  that 's one of their roles in a fleet . 
  it 's widespread as an official language but many african countries have dozens of languages that are actually spoken . 
  visa overstay is low because high risk visas are rejected . 
  overstay is logically higher with countries that have visa waiver . 
  denial rate is what matters for getting visa waiver . 
  high rate of overstay would just be a sign that the state department is n't doing their job well . 
  it has nothing to do with how pro-us they are . 
  simply a matter of there being too many denied visa applications . 
  you ca n't expect a country to go visa free when 10 % of current applicants are deemed too much of a risk for overstaying/illegal immigration . 
  basically applicants need to have long term commitments in poland that require the applicant to return home . 
  delaware has the lowest state taxes but it is n't a haven from federal tax . 
  i wonder what emu taste like . 
  they 're sort of like giant turkeys . 
  but there 's mountains in the middle of the ocean . 
  they might have trouble . 
  we need some dutch-swiss hybrids . 
  what you really need are some ~ ~ hellspawn ~ ~ opossums . 
  they 're cute marsupials just like koalas . 
  miami is the world capital of trashy people . 
  get them here in california . 
  they tend to overdress for the mountains . 
  the us was at war with the tribes of the dakotas as late as the 1870s . 
  probably not the best example . 
  except the people having problems are the black americans whose families have been here longer than the average white american . 
  it 's not lack of english that 's the problem . 
  it 's also not actually spoken by a lot of people in many of the countries listed . 
  they 're countries with like 100 languages and french is just an old official one . 
  whereas is in spanish speaking latin america that 's what like 95 % of people speak . 
  losses are what do that , not wins . 
  no , no , no . 
  france is `` oldest ally '', 
  you 're a bit full of yourself if you think you have anything to do with who is and is not a superpower anymore . 
  best i found was [ french air forces ] ( http://cigeography.blogspot.com/2015/09/fact-sheet8-l-armee-de-lair-francaise-l.html ) ( including naval air arm ) and the [ de gaulle carrier battle group ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lx3vgvm.png ) ( or whatever the equivalent term is for the french navy ) . 
  then you 'll love the usaf !, 
  iirc usn doctrine also favors having extra hands aboard for damage control and redundancy . 
  the qes are making greater use of automation to reduce the crew requirement . 
  the new ford-class carriers are n't really doing that because recruitment is n't an issue for the usn . 
  ~ 1400 which is still just half the ~ 2700 compliment of the iowa - or yamato-class behemoths of the pacific . 
  a nimitz-class operates with 4000 + . 
  which is precisely why the fines are going to be huge . 
  they ca n't be an acceptable business risk and still serve their purpose . 
  it 's an interesting thing to attribute to ww1 . 
  really it 's the last war where famous , powerful people and gentlemen went to fight . 
  fighting in a war still being honorable and fashionable . 
  great britain is the big island . 
  us army reserve has more career focused ads from what i notice . 
  he 's been doing them for a long time . 
  the marines sure love their damn ceremonial sword . 
  if they gave him internet he 'd be living the dream of self-isolated redditors . 
  sonar buoys towed behind the ship or dangled from helicopters . 
  for my generation it was the godsmack [ accelerate your life ] ( https://youtu.be/8mordctbpr8 ) commercials . 
  less sappy ideals more extreme sports appeal . 
  both end up scrubbing toilets at sea . 
  reagan is a conservative icon . 
  like any good icon the actual man is totally ignored . 
  if you are conservative reagan always believed exactly what you believe . 
  the author is russian working in germany . 
  being a boomer is the best . 
  relative to the rest of the world there probably has n't been a wealthier generation anywhere in human history . 
  so poles are some kind of super-folk that never succumbed to fear , hatred , or greed to point fingers or give information ? 
  fascinating ... because it happened literally everywhere else . 
  blame is n't a zero sum game . 
  you can acknowledge collaborators without exonerating the nazis . 
  like they do n't realize that trying to censor a troubled past is going be viewed far worse than having a troubled past . 
  us is only an empire by using a different definition of empire . 
  more like a chinese empire where the core group displaced and replaced the population of conquered areas . 
  european/ottoman empires conquered and ruled the other people rather than replacing them ( for the most part ) . 
  has n't been the same since the soviet union collapsed . 
  chinese ca n't even field a decent basketball team even though it 's popular there and they have a billion people . 
  come on !, 
  china probably will be it in time . 
  unlike gb/france/germany / russia they have the demographic/economic projections that make it inevitable that they will be the `` rival '' across the pacific for a long time . 
  9/10 americans do n't agree on anything let alone a clear violation of the bill of rights . 
  a lot of states are unicameral .
