  sorta necessary to be an effective combined arms forced . 
  i can understand putin being up there because he has pretty much total control of russian policy . 
  obama has no such power in the us . 
  nor does merkel have that power in europe which makes it strange that she 's up there . 
  xi would make more sense . 
  you would think people would learn to recognize a username . 
  fines for violating pollution standards have to be very high . 
  when a company has a dangerous/defective product they are naturally going to suffer a big hit to their brand and future sales . 
  it 's also pretty obvious how they can be held liable via lawsuit in civil court for damage and loss of life . 
  this is n't really the case for environmental concerns , people by and large do not care about whatever personal impact they have . 
  thus to actually dissuade a company from violating epa laws they have to have huge fines and through them they can work on environmental cleanup . 
  in american english under the context of being asked `` how are you doing '' or similar `` fine '' just means ok/adequate . 
  in a restaurant we 'd tell our waiter that we 're `` doing great '' or `` the meal is delicious , thank you '' if we have no complaints or requests . 
  needs an ordinary citizens shot of a street on the 4th with a flag at each house . 
  it 's alright guys . 
  he was obviously rehabilitated . 
  japan makes excellent military hardware despite their pacifist standing . 
  their naval vessels are on par with what the us navy gets , in some ways better . 
  japan probably could if they had to . 
  they are probably the only other country with technical expertise and the means , but not the will or need . 
  their source : study from a well regarded university . 
  your source : your butt . 
  we have chosen to give up independent low orbit human space flight in the short term so that we can again develop independent lunar and interplanetary human spaceflight in the long term . 
  usa and russia have nothing to prove about low orbit human spaceflight , they 've both done everything there is to do . 
  now it 's just about maintaining a space station and satellites that can continue to do earth science and microgravity science . 
  year, 
  sports fans have cable or satellite . 
  that 's the one thing they have left . 
  uk is probably where they refuel before flying over the atlantic/northern canada . 
  it 's either that or norway . 
  that 's pretty much the case for any heavy metal pollution . 
  after the initial incident it just sits there . . until it 's disturbed and then there 's a whole new toxic release . 
  it 's an issue here in california whenever someone digs in a riverbed and stirs up the mercury leftover from gold mining . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  those spaniards are tricksy . 
  yeah new zealand is warmed by an equatorial current . 
  the location we are talking about is well east and south of new zealand , though . 
  it would be in an antarctic current . 
  weather would be more like ne canada or alaska albeit moderated by not being near any continental landmass . 
  cuba was also related to nuclear weapons . 
  there 's no gulf stream there . 
  it would be horrible . 
  that sounds nothing like american immigrants . 
  they were invented so that young people would have something active to do indoors while the weather was shit . 
  every ttip thread has people like yourself pressuring people to form an opinion before the facts of the negotiation are known . 
  we should be dubious of anyone who would ask us to do that . 
  the biggest difference is probably the tpp has an economy within it that is still industrializing , vietnam . 
  peru is also poorer than any eu country , as far as i know . 
  both treaties are seeking to establish global trade status quo in a way that might prevent china from bullying their way through international relations . 
  it takes me back to my school days when one of the most important test taking skills was the ability to cut out all the extraneous and contradictory crap they put in this `` real world '' examples . 
  you 're the one the limited it to western cities ( without justification ) . 
  the west is already developed , ergo already urbanized , and experiences only moderate growth of any sort having already made the big leap forward . 
  if you want to look at historical western city growth or city growth in industrializing economies you 'd see how moderate it is . 
  that it compares closely to other western cities shows that it is just a high point rather than an outlier . 
  it 's less than austin , tx and about the same as denver or seattle . 
  11 percent over 4 years is pretty moderate . 
  i think the problem with it is n't the math but the bumbling wording of the description . 
  the picture is awful . 
  it 's from a global study . 
  * only effective against language nationalists, 
  duolingo spanish is different from what i got in high school ( which was mexican as far as i know ) . 
  it 's some kind of weird latin american mixture . 
  weird for english speakers because the differences between us are almost entirely vocabulary and slang . 
  very little difference grammatically . 
  with latin america vs spain there 's changes to grammar that makes it more confusing . 
  i did n't say he was the literal front runner during the primary campaign of 2007 . 
  i said he was being picked as one in 2005 . 
  in contrast to how absolutely nobody was picking sanders as the next president in 2013 . 
  reddit likes both because they are idealist rather than pragmatic . 
  that 's reddit 's youth speaking . 
  obama was being picked as the frontrunner for nomination back in 2005 . 
  sanders is doing surprisingly well but this is almost certainly hillary 's election to lose . 
  she would have to screw up in some terrible manner . 
  as far as primaries goes the republicans are the side to watch . 
  right now , though , it 's unfortunately a game of waiting for trump to drop out so that maybe a serious candidate can come forward . 
  except they were just holding for spain . 
  napoleon was a dick . 
  uk would n't have lost . 
  the royal navy would have obliterated any attempted crossing . 
  consider that the us had to build up a flotilla of landing crafting for three years before they could land in france . 
  that 's a country with a much greater naval tradition and industrial capacity that dwarfs germany . 
  sea lion was going to try to do it in one year . 
  alaska 's oil is all above the arctic circle . 
  it 's very unlikely that anyone with 30s/40s technology even tries to explore for oil up there , much less runs a whole economy on it . 
  alaska would n't have made it that long in russian hands . 
  it would under the control of uk/us/canada or maybe even japan , regardless . 
  which is why they sold it . 
  stupid radiation . 
  there would be so many cool project if nuclear weapons could be used in conventional blasting . 
  there were also plans to literally nuke nicaragua in half to make a second canal . 
  it 's a paper from a phd candidate . 
  let 's not pretend that the university put a bunch of resources into a study to reach this conclusion . 
  probably ~ 1 month after negotiations are finished to allow for official translations to be prepared . 
  there is no telling when negotiations will be finished . 
  brickwork is inherently weak against lateral movements ( earthquakes , extreme winds ) . 
  in such cases it is not the compressive strength of the brick being tested but the tension strength of the mortar ( which is really weak ) . 
  this is why reinforced concrete is the strongest building material . 
  it has the compression strength of concrete and the tension strength of steel . 
  not concrete . 
  reinforced concrete is fucking strong .
