  this is n't dissimilar to the ussr 's strategy . 
  trying to wrest control of the sea and air from the usn and usaf is a monumental task , denying their use is much more achievable ( but still incredibly difficult ) . 
  great initiative . 
  this is the sort of thing that makes this sub worthwhile . 
  it 's a bit simplistic of an explanation but it 's generally true . 
  the conditions that cause britain to have a much greater diversity in dialects are the same conditions which cause languages to change over time . 
  the relatively higher mobility of american settlers/citizens tends to reduce the rise and adoption of new dialectic changes . 
  i think i 've read somewhere that there 's a similar situation with australian english . 
  in this case it 's because english and french explorers , who had no direct experience of the scandinavian animals , saw the other large north american deer and thought that 's what an elk was . 
  of course it turns out that there 's two large deer species in north america so they had to come up with a new name for one of them and ended up applying it to the one that 's found in europe . 
  population density * broadband penetration * english proficiency, 
  it 's more a reflection on our advancements in robotics . 
  there 's not a whole lot of reason to send a massively more expensive mission with a man instead of 10 missions with specialized robots . 
  really the most useful thing about sending people is to use them as guinea pigs and see whether or not they can survive deep space . 
  not exactly a great reason to fund a mission . 
  i 'd have to think there 's some other political reason for excluding russia that they did n't want to let on . 
  russia would bring more to the esa than any other member state . 
  done that too , mate . 
  even have a new one en route . 
   i am a bit afraid it will drive the price of a good brie or cheddar up here if we export more of it . 
  which might encourage more farmers to raise dairy cows and more cheeseticians to open up dairies in the eu . 
  that is kind of the point . 
  there is / r/travel which is probably good for that . 
  when it comes to / r/california i can certainly answer questions about which places i recommend seeing . 
  then people also ask things about what kind of visa to get and i 'm left wondering how the heck i would know about getting a visa to my own country . 
  my point was only to explain that it 's very visibly evident that it 's not some worthless doodad that someone is going to stick in their pocket . 
  it 's a bit more than just sentimental value , championship rings are the most gaudy piece of jewelry you 'll ever see . 
  they 're completely bedecked with diamonds and gemstones of all description . 
  just the value of it 's individual parts is pretty substantial . 
  they 'd need to strip a lot more medals than just that one . 
  you should stockpile fresh water . 
  that 's the real currency that the bottlecaps are backed by in fallout . 
  china and the us rarely do things just to spite the other . 
  they may be locked in geopolitical competition , but they also both have an enormous amount invested in the other . 
  chinese leadership is more interested in economic progress than anything else . 
  if they can barter him for a trade concession , they will . 
  the french president is head of state , as is often the case of presidential systems . 
  fyi wal-mart is n't the best example for a large us supermarket . 
  they 're more of a huge general wholesaler ( clothes , electronics , small packaged food section , auto parts , whatever ) . 
  safeway , kroger , and albertson 's would be examples of supermarket chains . 
  there are , however , super-super wal-marts that are basically a huge wal-mart with the general wholesale thing slammed up against a huge , shitty supermarket . 
  those are n't the standard type of wal-mart though . 
  usually pizza places have the diameter listed ( in inches , 1 '' = 2.54 cm ) or has the pizza trays visible somewhere for you to judge the size . 
  life cereal 4 life . 
  those things are n't meant for one person . 
  you get one for a group of 4-5 and have some margaritas while you eat it . 
  it 's a ball of fried . 
  i think catholics are more important than their numbers would indicate in the us . 
  they are much more centralized and organized than the other sects besides mormonism . 
  this means that when they do rally to a cause they can bring a lot of weight to bear . 
  yours clearly says 2003 while the op is 2010 . 
  look at this guy , he 's traveled the world and reached the enlightenment known as pop music competition . 
  his fellow americans could never understand him now that he has grown and experienced so much . 
  i bet this guy sips cappuccinos with his pinky sticking out while he tells people how sophisticated he is for following european pop culture . 
  it 's the most commonly spoken language in the eu . 
  with fusion power being in the research stages you 'd probably want to be looking for physics programs rather than engineering to get into that field . 
  i live near one of the us experimental fusion projects and most of the people involved are physicists . 
  i 'd be happy to see increased european naval presence patrolling the international trade lanes . 
  they are a huge beneficiary of that and should be pulling their weight there . 
  everything else is their own business , although i do n't think we should be allowing them to rely so heavily on us logistics capability . 
  perhaps you 're being downvoted because people think this is a nazi joke , but w/e . 
  what 's true is that these sort of demographics have , historically , led to conflicts , revolutions , and world war . 
  present day arab societies , 1930s japan , wwi russia , etc. 
  when there 's a large group of young men who feel that they 've been discriminated against and have no prospects for gainful employ or family , violence tends to follow . 
  not that i think there 's going be a third world war sparked in the mediterranean , but i would n't at all be surprised for a higher incidence of riots , violent crime , and increased membership to extreme left and right wing political parties . 
  youth unemployment on this scale is very scary , historically . 
  or maybe they did move to spain hoping to become part of the society but because of job prospects realized that it 's not possible to do so without putting ones family through undue hardship and decided to try their luck elsewhere . 
  they were n't forced , they were suggested and requested to for their own safety and the to make the search easier . 
  it had more to do with that bank robbery where the criminals were packing body armor and the police were completely unable to do anything . 
  9/11 resulted in different toys and powers , they had already been moving towards having a higher powered rifle/assault rifle in the car by then . 
  i would n't say it 's desperately in need of an update . 
  people can still type pretty damn fast with some experience . 
  certainly faster than writing by hand . 
  i think stenography is probably one of the only areas where faster typing is needed , and that 's such a niche they could very well just switch for that one field . 
  for everything else a decent typer is going to be held back by how fast they think , not how fast they can put it to paper ( as it were ) . 
  that 's typically the case except for elementary ( k-5 ) schools , which often have tables , or the same desks but arranged into a table fashion . 
  i guess that 's the age when kids are supposed to be learning how to socialize . 
  in high school all my science classes typically had tables of 2 people who would work together for lab work . 
  the us is not going to ban land mines as long as they 're tasked with the defense of the korean dmz . 
  i think a treaty requiring careful documentation of their location would have a better chance of successfully reducing collateral damage from old minefields . 
  they 're simply too effective a defensive weapon to realistically expect militaries to abandon them . 
  air dropped mines should definitely be illegal . 
  the japanese word is pronounced sakk\u0101 . 
  which is much soccer as futbol is football . 
  boston , los angeles , austin , seattle are all doing very well in tech sectors . 
  pretty much anywhere there 's a ( or a few , like silicon valley and boston ) top universities the tech startups are flourishing . 
  we know you 're up there in your igloos fucking with the jet stream . 
  the whole thing is on a swivel to reveal the moon rocket silo underneath . 
  i think that us relations with china are remarkably good considering their recent past and large number of ideological difference and strategic conflicts . 
  using sarcastic scare quotes is n't part of correct english in any way . 
  the primary reason i think is trade . 
  usa and uk were eachother 's biggest trading partners for a very long time . 
  this sort of relationship means that what is good for one is typically good for both and encourages cooperation . 
  second would be language and that 's probably the most important factor now . 
  that said i think you underestimate the closeness with france , italy , germany , poland , etc. 
  i 'd recommend the la times , washington post , and usa today as probably the biggest american papers that are likely to carry european stuff . 
  also noticed al-jazeera does n't have one . 
  maybe add something for wikipedia , too ? 
  the reintroduction of wolves to montana and wyoming is n't going entirely smoothly ( well , the wolf numbers are doing ok , but the people are very upset ) . 
  i ca n't imagine it would be easy in a much more densely populated area like scotland .
