  [ the death of general wolfe ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4f/benjamin_west_005.jpg/800px-benjamin_west_005.jpg ) is another classic . 
  [ source ] ( http://votes-for-expat-brits.com/documents/ippr_globalbrittextforprint.pdf ) some other numbers for perspective : australia : 1 062 000 united states : 829 000 canada : 608 000 new zealand : 248 000 south africa : 219 000 china : 47 000 india : 36 000, 
  spend more time off reddit . 
  you probably could n't even tell the difference between an american and a canadian on the street . 
  i 'd be ok with some european checks to us power over the internet , but if globalized means countries like these  icann president and ceo fadi chehade , since taking over the organization in mid-2012 , has concentrated on giving icann a more international focus , and he 's opened offices in turkey , singapore , beijing and geneva . 
   governments including russia , china and brazil have called for more international governance of the internet in recent years . 
  since last year 's revelations about broad u.s. national security agency surveillance programs , brazil has proposed to wall off its internet traffic from u.s. networks . 
  are the ones gaining influence over international internet i can only say hell no . 
  the only way to keep a particle on a circular path at faster speeds ( aka higher energies ) is to either increase the radius or to increase the centripetal force . 
  the latter requires some unknown advances to materials science which may or may not even exist and enormous amounts of energy . 
  the former is `` simply '' a problem of making it bigger . 
  unmanned have unique vulnerabilities to radio scrambling that would make them worthless . 
  you simply ca n't entrust your entire air superiority strategy to one system like that . 
  manned and unmanned will increasingly work alongside eachother with unmanned taking the majority of the most dangerous roles but the wo n't completely replace manned equipment . 
  unless you want some ai drones out there decided on their own what to blow up . 
  that 's not a very good argument when you consider japan , which has suffered through a much longer period of stagnation , invests 3.3 % of gdp to r&d . these numbers are due to policy not short term economic realities . 
  california 's change to allowing all voters , regardless of party affiliation , to participate in all primaries is going to do much to correct the problems . 
  i really hope this gets expanded to the rest of the country soon . 
  this is good news but one should n't get too worked up over it . 
  tariffs between the us and eu are already pretty low . 
  the real benefits of the trade agreement have to be in harmonizing regulations , businesses from both sides should no longer have to make the same product with the same functions in two different ways and go through two separate qualification procedures in order to have access to both markets . 
  that 's really the biggest impediment to trade at present . 
  you 're mostly talking about france , though . 
  that 's not really a case of europe exercising a strong foreign policy but of france itself still being a strong , independent international player . 
  remove france from the equation and europe really is not as involved in international relations as much as it 's economic prowess would suggest it should be . 
  the point of circular accelerators is to be able to pass the particle through the same magnets more than once . 
  it 's downvoted because there 's a bunch of conspiratorial morons on reddit who think that despite 60 years of pro-european-integration foreign policy they think the us is somehow wanting to fragment and dominate its strongest allies . 
  the us interest in having a collectively much more powerful ally in the eu which shares broadly the same interests and worldview is obvious . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a flag or a president 's picture in a hotel room and i do a lot of business travel . 
  lots of really shitty artwork , though . 
  i suspected you were but i wanted to make sure people reading the comment did n't think it was true . 
  this just makes me really sad for russians and russia . 
  they do n't deserve this disgrace or this colossal waste . 
  just sucks . 
  russian teams have the same rooms , if you 're not joking . 
  shuttlecock . 
  * jugular, 
  there 's nothing really worthwhile to target in alaska for precisely that reason . 
  the potential targets for weapons of such range are europe , china , japan , pakistan , south korea , israel , iran , and india . 
  i really hope they are n't being developed but it sort of fits the pattern of recent russian foreign policy . 
  any kind of arms escalation with those countries is n't a good thing at all . 
  not to mention it puts a real damper on attempts for bilateral arms reduction between the us and russia . 
  the price also implies that the cheaper krypton is easier to obtain which is a worthwhile thing to consider for what are pretty rare gases that ca n't be synthesized , especially if comes into widespread use . 
  that 's great if you pedantically assume a literal meaning of the word `` some '' but much more likely it was used to mean a meaningful minority of americans . 
  personally , i 've never met a single such american who harbored some hatred to italy . 
  on the contrary i 'd say most americans have a favorable opinion of italy , overall . 
  well that 's your prerogative . 
  mine is that a system which places any presumption or error in favor of innocence to be the correct way of doing things . 
  when the consequence of guilty verdicts can be years , decades , or even death ( in the case of some us states ) the burden of proof must be high and prosecution must get their case fully in order * before * going to trial . 
  it 's a system that 's served us well for centuries . 
  being immersed in american society and subjected to the opinion of peers and media certainly makes him far better qualified to make that judgment than a dane . 
  in the us the prosecution is responsible for making certain that they do n't make any errors . 
  if there 's an error for some other reason than it would have been declared a mistrial during the trial and there never would have been a verdict . 
  all in all it really does n't paint the italian justice system in a very good light . 
  i 'm not familiar with coursera myself but obvious as you say a us company is subject to these sanctions . 
  it 's also a case , though , that anyone who trades in us dollars must also obey the sanctions or have their usd assets seized or frozen . 
  this has happened a few times for trade between europe and cuba where initially it seems like a euro transaction but somewhere in the course of digital financial transactions there 's an exchange to usd that gets it flagged and frozen . 
  of course there 's no malice behind ( except what 's generally behind the sanctions in the first place ) . 
  reddit is flipping out about this when it 's simply the result of broad sanctions . 
  they would have had to include a specific exemption for this stuff . 
  there are some similar exemptions that allow very specific qualified farmers to trade produce with cuba . 
  since european companies operate in the us and/or do business with us dollars . 
  either of which is under the purview of the united states government . 
  ioc probably wo n't like it , either . 
  seaborgium - usa gadolinium - finland i 'm not sure what the others the op claims to be are . 
  maybe some of the elements not officially given a name yet ? 
  synthesized elements begin at 93 . 
  here 's a more complete list of discoverers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_chemical_element_discoveries, 
  understood is a pretty strong word for that state of things at the time . 
  it was certainly conceived that such elements could be possible and would be very unstable . 
  nuclear physics at the time was far from understood , as can be seen be seen rather disastrously by mistakes like the castle bravo nuclear test have 3x the yield predicted . 
  the result of physicists not fully understanding the way nuclei behave at high energy . 
  so israel is ok ? 
  that would be mckinley if you even subscribe to the idea of american isolationism . 
  it 's illegal in california at least ( law against posting pornographic content without subjects ' consent , e.g. 
  probably a state law matter until congress passes a law or someone takes a case to the supreme court . 
  devil 's advocate : maybe they did n't have any military grade incendiaries or if they did thought they would be overkill . 
  if they 're just looking to start a small fire alcohol is better than something like phosphorus . 
  pig / pork sheep / mutton there 's a remarkable number of these pairs that show the separation between the anglo speaking peasants and the norman speaking aristocrats . 
  i 'm sure they 'd `` compromise '' on some weird bastardized version of english that everyone can be properly upset about . 
  the point is to replace a part of church which does n't deal with spirituality or philosophy but that it provides a center of community and socialization . 
  i 'm not a church goer myself but have plenty of friends who did while i was growing up . 
  they were constantly having various gatherings , trips , events , etc. 
  i can certainly see why people would want to be part of that , especially in a modern digital world . 
  personally i prefer to go to football games and go hiking on the weekend , but that 's me . 
  anyone know how this compares to oecd ? 
  that 's not a very good argument . 
  the united states was arguably at its most vile and racially charged during the height of immigration to this country . 
  there was hate for irish , poles , blacks , hispanics , indians , chinese , everyone . 
  people immigrate because there is opportunity to make a better life for themselves no matter how welcoming the locals may be . 
  people do n't move to iraq because there are no real opportunities there , not because of racism . 
  the uk 's economy is absolutely massive compared to norway 's . 
  yeah it probably could have been put to better use but you ca n't compare the two . 
  it 's like texas 's oil wealth compared to the us , the biggest economic impact possible would probably be to use it for cheap energy that ensures manufacturing remains competitive in the short term and the remainder invested into education and high-tech industries that will last long into the future . 
  yeah i definitely think a 60s/70s ford or chevy pickup of some kind has to be it if it 's about the cars that are still seeing use . 
  they 're still doing hard work all over the country . 
  i do n't think you can really say the same for any american sedan . 
  next pick might actually be a toyota pickup/tacoma . 
  that 's really the world 's truck though . 
  automotive perfection .
