  boeing is already refusing to service aircraft for sanctioned parties . 
  effectively grounding them . 
  great article . 
  thanks for linking . 
  you guys really enjoy tilting at windmills . 
  the source of these tree maps ( more info , more countries ) : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/explore/tree_map/hs/export/usa/all/show/2012/, 
  aircraft could include helicopters , too . 
  or drones . 
  fiat has actually been running a pretty good advertising campaign trying to crack into the us market over the last couple years . 
  it 's based pretty much entirely on its italian identity and style . 
  at least for the us , and i imagine true for europe as well , they need to be very careful to maintain that image . 
  otherwise they 're just another small european car brand and would likely go the way of french cars in the us . 
  hamas is the elected majority of palestinian government . 
  they 're not the same thing but it 's disingenuous to imply that they are n't closely connected . 
  i 'd argue that in american english whore is more vitriolic than bitch . 
  one of the 10 % `` other '' is the new york times . 
  probably he most respected new organization in this country . 
  ditto los angeles times , washington post , chicago tribue . 
  other also includes things like pbs and npr which are pretty huge but make little revenue . 
  this is before even considering whether 6 corporations having an average revenue share of 15 % is bad . 
  pretty weak whataboutism . 
  nato members would never agree to that . 
  it requires 100 % approval of existing nato members because they are essentially signing on to fight and die unreservedly for that country . 
  we 're more of a basketball and coca-cola empire in the balkans . 
  his personal connections certainly are . 
  what a dunce . 
  it 's a dod project . 
  no contest . 
  they have mighty kazakhstan . 
  these are n't very rigorous surveys . 
  i think the almost complete dearth of japanese on the english-speaking internet despite a population of 120 million shows that proficiency is actually not very high there . 
  my experience is with exchange students coming to the us from both non-english speaking european countries , japan , korea , china , and indonesia . 
  anecdotally japan/korea/china students have completely screwed up english seemingly because the standard they are being taught to is n't even intelligible but a weird hybrid ( e.g. 
  in japan they are taught words using katakana which does n't even have the appropriate sounds for english ) . 
  they may test well but their actual abilities are lacking . 
  europe/indonesia the students are already familiar with the latin alphabet and just need to learn how the pronunciations are different . 
  also they 're more likely to be exposed directly to english speakers or a lot of english media . 
  think european / r/politics, 
  lol . 
  china does n't give a fuck about russia . 
  russia is just a resource to them . 
  they 'll copy the military hardware , buy up the oil companies , and enjoy their hegemony over central asia once putin 's regime collapses . 
  difficult to imagine it would happen . 
  immigrants from that part of the world that make it to the us tend to be the more highly educated ones . 
  it 's costly to make such a migration . 
  much like europe is not struggling with an influx of central american youth migrants . 
  thus they tend to be less involved in the radical parts of islam . 
  these are the stupid things you can expect when your moderators are part of the cabal that runs the defaults . 
  nobody makes it as far as / r/europe without knowing how to reddit . 
  `` what happened in your country this week ? '', 
  is the kind of content users of this subreddit want promoted with a sticky . 
  japan makes better cars than germany . 
  california got pretty cleansed of the real natives during the gold rush . 
  possibly . 
  towed anti tank guns are kind of an old concept . 
  they 've been overtaken by self-propelled guns that can maneuver ( more necessary for at than for artillery ) and by shaped charges on missiles . 
  however since they 're going against older tanks or apcs of ukraine it 's possible they 're still useful . 
  also much simpler for militia to operate . 
  quantity is n't everything . 
  look at both iraq wars to see what happens when a larger force meets a more highly trained , organized , and well equipped one . 
  and i keep coming to / r/europe for completely retarded shit like this . 
  fuck you imaginary calf !, 
  there 's a guy who camps out near my post office with a big poster of obama with a hitler-stache . 
  hands out flyers about how he 's fascist yadda yadda . 
  still probably more tasteful than the banana , though . 
  it was a malaysian flagged aircraft . 
  this is not something nato has an explicit doctrine for . 
  a lot of things will have still been protected by the fuselage as they fell . 
  not surprising but keep in mind that a good military force is always preparing for all contingencies . 
  they 'll be ready to do whatever the policy makers decide . 
  i would n't take this is evidence of what is actually going to happen . 
  un secretary generals do not come from major countries like germany . 
  it 's a thrown bone to smaller players . 
  the security council does n't want anyone with real connections in there to begin with . 
  if it disappears into the enormous russian arsenal it does n't really matter . 
  nobody will ever be able to find the precise one with any evidence of who used it again . 
  it 's going to hurt ukraine a lot in the short term but it means that they will forge new economic ties to their western neighbors instead . 
  hopefully that means a stronger ukraine in the future . 
  also , european countries that want to do something ? 
  how about looking what kind of trade relationships that one has with russia and see if they could switch to buying the same products from ukraine instead . 
  atmospheric aberration is enough to make reading text like that impossible . 
  they can probably tell what type of vehicle they 're looking at and the color of the license plate . 
  more likely a satellite looking at thermal or uv that caught it . 
  a large missile launch is a pretty distinct event . 
  we basically have your french skills but for spanish . 
  i do n't think you understand the things about which you speak . 
  more effective , possibly , but also would have a far greater effect of raising tensions with russia . 
  it would be extremely delicate . 
  it would have to be nato peacekeeping , un will get vetoed . 
  tpp was being worked on before ttip , iirc . 
  although it may take longer because there 's a lot more negotiating bodies involved and a much larger spread in types of economies around the pacific rim . 
  looks rather silly because it does n't take into account the many other trade agreements being worked on between the us or eu and other parties ( like tpp ) . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  not really . 
  he 's big in country music but if you 're not into that you should n't have heard of him . 
   germany may be america 's most important european ally ??? 
  when has this ever been the case ? 
  did france and the uk leave europe ? 
  versailles was pretty public . 
  consequently there was tons of political pressure for harsh terms that led to its failure .
