  rome did n't even achieve it . 
  for me it 's basically something that has no bearing on how you treat other people . 
  for example , homosexuality is not immoral ( it does n't hurt people ) , it 's also not moral . 
  it 's neither . 
  it 's just a state of being the same as heterosexuality , asexuality , bisexuality , or whatever else . 
  to me everything on this list but extramarital affairs is amoral . 
  that 's one that ( assuming typical marriage vows ) includes an oath not to do it . 
  i think breaking promises is immoral . 
  i have no problem with divorce , though . 
  alcohol abuse would be immoral as you are potentially putting other around you in danger . 
  contraception use could be considered moral because you 're protecting yourself and partner from possible negative events or births you 're not prepared to support . 
  they 're a small minority of the real world . 
  just adolescents thinking their whining will endear them to forward thinking denizens of the internet instead of just making them look pathetic . 
  there 's plenty of opportunity to campaign , vote , and participate in democracy in this country with falling to moping around . 
  i would have thought you 'd get american apples from new york . 
  probably jazz apples . 
  theyre a recent hybrid from nz but only a few places have been allowed to grow them yet . 
  they are absolutely delicious . 
  they were probably good 100 years ago when they became popular . 
  current cultivars grow too fast so they 're flavorlous and cheap . 
  it 's more civilized . 
  i knew it was wrong but could n't put my finger on it . 
  red delicious . 
  the least delicious and least flavorful apple ever . 
  pretty sure they 've been bread for their color to the exclusion of all else . 
  more like everything alcohol should at least be tried with hops to see if it 's any good . 
  frankly , hops goes very well with the sweetness of some ciders . 
  really well . 
  it sounds like it goes on eating apples so they stay fresh longer in the store , so i do n't think it would affect cider . 
  wendy 's is just like a somewhat higher quality mcdonald 's / bk with a few extra things like chili or baked potatoes . 
  depends on the climate , of course . 
  in my yard we grow oranges , lemons , peaches , nectarines , apricots , cherries , grapes , green beans , tomatoes , herbs , strawberries , blueberries , apples , peppers , carrots , and squash . 
  california 's climate is nice  i do think tomatoes are the most popular thing to have in a garden , to the point that even people without yards or in terrible climates for tomatoes will go through the effort of growing in green houses or pots . 
  that 's the actual state of things . 
  unless something is done to reverse it crimea is fully under the control and formally annexed into the russian federation . 
  not a darwin 's award candidate . 
  the essential qualifying factor for that is removing oneself from the gene pool , either through death or loss of ability to reproduce . 
  it 's easy to have a spine when the whole world is n't analyzing your every word with markets and militaries responding in real time . 
  those with real power are trying to balance a multitude of actors and have to be diplomatic in their approach . 
  they 're doing that right now . 
  they 've been making all kinds of cuts and reexamining everything down to the way in which they hire janitorial staff to cut their lawns in dc to see if they can save money . 
  congress has tightened the budget enough where the obvious bleeding has been dealt with and now they 're looking very hard for any more saving that they can make without cutting capabilities , which does n't seem to be possible . 
   you really think the us would reduce the size of its military by any significant measure ? 
  i personally ca n't ever see that happening . 
  we 're literally in the process of it right now . 
  the military is being significantly downsized and for the first time in a long time it 's not just numbers but whole capabilities that will have to be axed . 
  for instance , traditional close air support ( e.g. 
  a-10 ) is not part of the usaf 's future . 
  when i ca n't understand someone i feel like i 'm the one failing . 
  i 'm the expert and should be able to make use of something they 're clearly making an effort at : / sorry chinese guy who was talking to me and pointing at a map . 
  i still have no idea what you wanted but i hope you enjoyed your stay nonetheless . 
  wait ... what do you guys do then ? 
  i 'm trying to imagine sports celebration without high fives . 
  hugging ? 
  i would say that the world has seen three superpowers : the us , ussr , and ( arguably ) the british empire . 
  what defines them as superpowers in contrast to great powers is that they were active and relevant in every part of the world . 
  trouble in the sekaku islands ? 
  both parties want to know the usa 's stance on the matter . 
  trouble in south america , africa , antarctica , or se asia ? 
  parties involved need to know what the us , ussr , and uk were going to do . 
  it 's this potential to meaningfully impact events anywhere on the globe that i would define as `` superpower '' . 
  i do n't think the eu is there yet , but it could be . 
  i think china is much closer to it because people are already wondering what china might be thinking about , e.g. , ukraine or africa or south america . 
  i do n't think japan or china care what the eu has to say about the senkaku/daiyu islands debate . 
  if doing military strength it might be more meaningful to signify it with assets and capabilities rather than spending . 
  number of current generation fighter aircraft , bombers , litoral and blue water vessels , modern tanks , etc. 
  european population growth is close to stagnant as well while there is about to be a massive wave of retirees leaving the workforce . 
  the european economy relative to other regions is going to continue to decline unless there is some massive and unforeseen innovation . 
  if poverty and income distribution were being considered across the * whole * eu as one superpower it does n't look very good . 
  individual european countries may have high levels of equality but europe taken as a whole is very much full of haves and have-nots . 
   there is huge demographic crisis looming in china in this century when the young will not be able to support the old europe has this same problem . 
  the us to a lesser extent because us population growth has n't slowed very much at all ( and still has tons of room to grow , for that matter ) . 
  at best it 's going to mean a relative decline in productivity as people retire en masse . 
  if not handled well it could mean social programs being defunded and potential unrest from that . 
  it 's the opposite of true for the government . 
  us policy since truman has been actively pulling for a strong europe . 
  a powerful ally based on the same european enlightenment principles ? 
  why would someone think that 's a us rival ? 
  ... because russia did n't also fight on the same side as the us in both world wars . 
  you are a special nugget of intelligence are n't you . 
  from my perspective british = english + scots + welsh , i.e. 
  people from great britain and the smaller surrounding islands but not ireland . 
  korean , russian , and chinese web have some pretty huge gaming communities . 
  competitive , modding , mmos , etc. 
  could probably say the same for german but my impression is that it is more bilingual . 
  do you think there is any validity to the idea that because the bbc has such a large hold of the political center that it drives the private newspapers to be more heavily slanted than in a country without a large public broadcaster ? 
  we made our choice in 1999 when we pledged to defend polish territory as if it were our own . 
  i think they must have tried to force different projections together . 
  nope . 
  a lot of people use ( payed for ) proprietary software like h&r block to handle their federal and state taxes . 
  in my case i do that for my federal taxes but my california taxes are actually simple enough that there is an automated online thing i can use . 
  the federal tax system is in desperate need of an overhaul . 
  literally billions of man hours are unnecessarily spent handling what should be pretty simple income ( i.e. 
  not a ton of properties and different income sources ) taxes for ordinary americans . 
  bearer of the ring of fire ( nuclear weapons ) . 
   described as having the power to inspire others to resist tyranny , domination , and despair ok , that works , too . 
  i did n't say anything about what i believe . 
  again you 're speaking in very binary terms , action could be stiffer sanctions and economic reprisals . 
  i do n't know anyone that likes putin . 
  the right wing is criticizing obama for being too soft and not backing up his talk with action .
