  nasa is just one of several us agencies with a space budget . 
  the type of flooring in the house also matters . 
  are you telling a canadian the reason he can eat salmon is because of scandinavia ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  everyone under the ambassador is a technical person with a specific set of skills . 
  probably working directly with their counterparts in the norwegian bureaucracy . 
  they 're not diplomats . 
  since norway and the us have such good relations the ambassadorship is pretty much a do-nothing post . 
  in less friendly relationships his job is to facilitate and smooth communication between governments . 
  that 's not really needed for allies . 
  the us would be the biggest winner in a world without nuclear weapons . 
  it is stronger in conventional terms relative to the rest of the world than it is in nuclear arms . 
  for russia it is the opposite . 
  every bit of good relations is matched with twice that in bad relations with china and latin america . 
  his foreign policy is nuts if you look at more than a tiny slice of the globe . 
  reliability , accuracy . 
  furthermore plutonium is a metal that is just not nearly as well understood as it should be for something that 's so important . 
  as it decays it needs to be understood how this effects the warhead 's performance if it 's ever to be used . 
  any modern fighter is going to be around the same price . 
  f-35 may end up being the cheapest thanks to it being built at such a large scale . 
  the combined membership of the communist and socialist parties is only around 3000 out of a voter pool of more than 235,000,000 . 
  [ jingle all the way ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twecyxbmduq#t=14s ) is schwarzenegger 's christmas classic !, 
  edit : apparently anakin is in that movie . 
  [ national lampoon 's christmas vacation ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097958/ ) and [ how the grinch stole christmas ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060345/ ) [ link ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2puuoe ) are the two required viewings in my family . 
  nationally , a christmas story is popular but i do n't like it at all , overplayed . 
  home alone and anything muppets is great , too . 
  [ john denver w / the muppets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpki7aqpap4 ) is my favorite christmas album . 
  the thing which the eu calls `` citizenship '' is not equivalent to common international understanding of citizenship . 
  the ability to use another country 's consulate is not citizenship , otherwise i would be a swiss citizen while travelling to iran . 
  eu is n't a country . 
  you ca n't be a citizen of it ( as in the actual definition of citizen ) . 
  all it does is grant you status within the eu . 
  state citizenship is not a real thing . 
  it 's simply residency . 
  the spanish american war and the annexation of hawai ( both 1898 ) are the last american conquests . 
  since then there have been some pacific islands placed under american trusteeship after wwi/wwii with the promise of later being allowed to vote on their future status . 
  some have elected to remain us territories , some became independent states , some became semi-independent protectorates . 
  you could maybe argue that us presence in japan was a conquest since they were really given almost no choice in the matter . 
  realistically it 's no longer the case . 
  japan could request the us leave and it would probably be worked out ( they 're not going to though ) . 
  us imperialism , such that it is , is more interested in making sure markets are open to international business . 
  overthrowing communists who want a closed , planned economy . 
  pretty much everything you see `` from forbes '' on reddit is just some rando 's blog . 
  forbes sold their credibility in order to stay afloat in a changing print market . 
  f-22 is an air superiority fighter replacing the f-15 . 
  f-35 is a multi-role fighter replacing the f-16 , f-18 , harrier , and a-10 . 
  that sounds more like anti-, 
  i 'm sure lm referenced their f-22 work when they designed the f-35 . 
  tyr and rammstein are the ones that to mind immediately . 
  everyone knows rammstein but [ here 's some tyr ] ( https://youtu.be/0i1geb7u5vi ) . 
  they also ( mostly ? ), 
  sing in english . 
  a bit of spanish but not euro spanish . 
  to be fair there are still a ton of interesting periods of roman history besides that one . 
  sort of what happens with 1000 years of unrelenting political intrigue and a violent culture . 
  other countries are taking their deliveries in the us since they are training on them there anyway . 
  trolling ( v. ) : doing something i do n't like , often on the internet, 
   but while charlie sheen-style hiv revelations by celebrities are also unheard of in the country , this week a television presenter , pavel lobkov , declared that he was hiv-positive during a live broadcast on tv . 
  article is clearly referencing the us and american celebrities making these kinds of disclosures to further a cause . 
  i commented that it 's weird since magic johnson is the the embodiment of this sort of action . 
  in a time when hiv/aids was thought to be something that only gays , drug addicts , and other undesirables suffered from , magic was held up as a good person . 
  a role model to look up to . 
  the greatest basketball player of his generation at the height of his game . 
  in a time when hiv/aids was thought to be something that only gays , drug addicts , and other undesirables suffered from . 
  thus the parallel to the situation in russia , where hiv/aids is more likely viewed as a problem for gays and drug addicts still . 
  charlie sheen did n't make anything like the sort of impact that magic did or lobkov is hoping to . 
  yet magic is for americans still the enduring symbol of living and thriving with hiv . 
  sheen is a mess . 
  i had no idea charlie sheen has hiv . 
  why the hell is charlie sheen their go to instead of magic johnson . 
  i hope it works out for hiv awareness in russia . 
  that is as much part of the arabs ' horrific track record as it is any proof of israeli excellence . 
  the arab states have all shown again and again that they are fucking terrible at modern warfare . 
  they only do well in guerrilla warfare when they get outside of their usual social structure that is antithetical to a good chain of command . 
  we just have one west and no easts . 
  `` do n't look a gift horse in the mouth . '', 
  german tanks were notoriously unreliable . 
  all they knew was that it was an su-24 refusing to respond to radio calls to turn away . 
  little . 
  the pilots appear to be fine . 
  there will be a lot of shouting . 
  which is why they are n't very likely to fly near turkey anymore . 
  yeah russian is more likely . 
  they 've been prodding turkey excessively for a while now . 
  syria also has su-24s . 
  i have n't seen official statements from anyone saying who it belonged to . 
  freedom of speech is like the first tenant of americanism . 
  there 's probably nothing more important to our national myth . 
  palau almost always votes with the us . 
  they have a [ compact of free association ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compact_of_free_association ) with the us . 
  attacked afghanistan after being attacked by aq . 
  then attacked iraq for no reason other than cheney and rumsfeld 's hubris . 
  you have to be aware of the biases of map projections . 
  a unit of area on this map on the northern edge is less than an equal sized unit on the southern edge . 
  alaska might be the better comparison , scandinavia is at least not in the center of a big landmass . 
  the us has considered it `` sport '' in terms of visas and taxes for a while . 
  which from an official standpoint is probably all that matters . 
  in china stamping out corruption means eliminating political rivals because everyone is corrupt . 
  cool . 
  it 's surprising how many countries do n't have unified army/navy/air force command centers .
