  even when we did n't have term limits it 's customary to step down after 2 . 
  obama has been clear that he 's tired and ready for a break , it 's an insanely taxing job . 
  the real misfortune is that joe biden 's 2nd son died of cancer and he decided to retire from politics in order to do cancer charity . 
  biden would have done really well . 
  ca n't imagine what he 's feeling now . 
  one of them is dead and up to three more may die or retire during his term . 
  if they 're smart they 're scrambling to figure out how to not invoke one of his twitter rants . 
  we will soon have a head of state that holds personal grudges . 
  they are literally less educated . 
  you know we can track these things , yeah ? 
  we tried that . 
  they 're proud to be uneducated . 
  the understated decor of the white house is going to be replaced with gold plated hideousness . 
  clinton talked policy plenty . 
  media never carried it . 
  they wanted a game show election for ratings . 
  his advisors will be sycophants . 
  us and china had just finally managed to reach some climate agreements . 
  those are going to be abandoned now . 
  my only solace . 
  the uneducated whites that voted him are going to feel the economic hurt more than most . 
  putin will have to be careful . 
  trump has no loyalty to anyone and a great deal of spite . 
  has to play the role of the adviser that pulls the strings so as to not tweak trump 's ego . 
  the media was disgusting this election cycle . 
  treated it like a fucking game show . 
  ** i ** know that . 
  trump does n't care . 
  he blames obama and hillary for shit that happened during the bush presidency . 
  she did get the ball rolling on negotiations which is a big step . 
  http://graphics.latimes.com/la-na-pol-2016-election-results-california/ here 's california . 
  marijuana legalized , looks like death penalty will remain unless there 's a big swing over the next few hours . 
  i feel like i 've betrayed all my mexican friends but i do n't know what else i could have done . 
  i voted and got a dozen other people to vote for her . 
  living in california is like sitting at the back of the bus as some crazy guy drives it over a cliff . 
  they 've investigated for years and could n't even come up with something to charge her with . 
  judges wo n't flop over for the republicans . 
  his only stance is that hillary was horrible for making a deal . 
  the alternatives to making a deal are letting them attain nuclear weapons or preventing them by force . 
  except poland , the largest one . 
  everything is held by one party . 
  we 're going to be a one party state for at least the next two years . 
  most of eastern europe are doing their part in nato . 
  south africa did as well . 
  us did recover . 
  just not as much as some people evidently thought they deserved . 
  they expect 40s or 90s levels of growth which just is n't possible unless some other part of the world is collapsing and we are reaping the benefit . 
  just an example of how completely out of touch with other countries he is . 
  there is nowhere on the planet more anti-nuclear than japan , for obvious reasons . 
  bush was entertaining at times . 
  i do n't think trump will be . 
  he just gets angry and yells at people . 
  the guy wants the japanese to build nuclear weapons . 
  i would like to be pleasantly surprised but i just do n't she 's up for it . 
  germany wo n't back her up when there comes a time when someone has to make a stand . 
  maybe france if things were n't such a mess there politically . 
  that 's actually the primary power the president has . 
  everything else will be rubber stamping what the republican congress sends him . 
  trump ( if you can believe what he says ) wo n't honor any american alliance unless said ally `` pays for the protection . '', 
  i wish i could say that what 's coming will be contained inside american borders . 
  protectionism is coming . 
  god knows what he will do as commander in chief . 
  it has to be someone that received a vote from the electoral college . 
  so 2-3 possible people . 
  pr does n't pay federal income tax though . 
  uk chose to use trident and there is n't much reason to develop a domestic space launch industry without the military icbm funding . 
  you 'll notice that many of engine-y bits are french . 
  around the world you 'll notice that countries with space launch capabilities and countries with icbm or slbm capabilities are the same . 
  the exceptions being uk , which instead chose to be a partner of the us trident program , and japan which has forgone the development of nuclear weapons . 
  north korea obviously is trying to do both . 
  satellites are a convenient cover for nuclear missile development . 
  china hates him . 
  it 's completely obvious irony . 
  t_d posters are just fucking stupid or trolls . 
  this article is reliant on the premise that using simplistic language is desirable . 
  good luck communicating nuance or technicality . 
  sometimes native english speakers do n't understand other native english speakers ( i 've had this problem several times with australians ) . 
  this is resolved by asking for clarification , not by dumbing the conversation down to language of a 10 year old . 
  people should n't be claiming fluency if they only have a grade school vocabulary , especially not with business deals on the line . 
  i have some grade school level spanish ability . 
  i would never dream of claiming that i 'm proficient enough to use it for business . 
  it 's a respectable publication . 
  put it alongside the * christian science monitor * . 
  that looks more like a landslide than a fault . 
  based on how it looks sunken at the top and bulging at at the bottom of that mass of earth . 
  there 's no horizontal displacement ( that i can tell ) which you 'd expect from a strike-slip fault . 
  that 's not how embassies work . 
  any good recipes in these ones ? 
  efficient turbine blades are pretty much aesthetically pleasing by nature . 
  [ this is what i mean by old vs new ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bhw0z6l.jpg ) the old stuff is small bolted girders construction with straight blades . 
  inefficient , ugly , and a higher incident rate of bird strikes because they are lower and spin at higher rpm . 
  altamont is practically a living museum of the evolution of modern wind turbines . 
  they 've been removing some of the [ older stuff ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5alonjv.jpg ) though . 
  it looks much better these days . 
  the experimental designs from the 70s are pretty ugly . 
  the big news ones are clean and elegant . 
  we do n't really sell us warships . 
  they are too big and fancy for most navies . 
  those that can afford them prefer to make their own ( uk , japan , france ) . 
  because they 'd have to develop a whole new reactor design just for a ship the size of a carrier or else use like 8 submarine nuclear reactors .
