  not even americans go to oklahoma . 
  south dakota has major attractions though . 
  tomahawk is a cruise missile , not ballistic . 
  north korea really wants your legitimate currency so they 'll treat you very nicely ( relative to the conditions ) as long as you follow the rules . 
  somali warlords are more apt to want to ransom you , or if they think it 's too risky ( i.e. 
  seals putting bullets through their head ) just cut your head off . 
  in california my experience is ( roughly ) : french , germans , and australians will travel all over the natural areas including to lesser known state parks and such . 
  chinese are slightly less adventurous versions of the aforementioned . 
  the english do n't really go outside of the cities much . 
  japanese do n't go more than 5 yards from their tour bus . 
  canadians are indistinguishable from americans except by license plate or a few specific vowel sounds . 
  latin americans are indistinguishable from local spanish-speakers . 
  also french seem to wear entirely inappropriate clothing to our parks , like dress and heels type stuff . 
  it 's weird . 
  are the parks in france super developed or something ? 
  it 's definitely european . 
  there are some american actors and it 's nominally an american setting , sure , but what it really is a european romanticization of the old american west . 
  and it 's fantastic . 
  obstacle course contest show thing . 
  what about taxation ? 
  criminal law ? 
  panama , ecuador , and el salvador use the us dollar as official currency along with some smaller island nations . 
  there is a great deal to be said for institutional inertia , too . 
  the universities that are great today tend to be those that were great 20 years ago and able to attract the best minds , and they were great 20 years ago because they attracted the best minds before that . 
  a whole hell of a lot of brilliant people ended up leaving mainland european universities and labs for uk or north american ones . 
  they then published their work in english instead of the language they used previously ( german , in many cases for physics ) . 
  a lot of very intelligent people also fled the ussr/russia/china / iran over the past century . 
  country building pro-tip : do n't persecute your brilliant minds . 
  they make an enemy out of anyone better off than they are . 
  human traffickers are scum . 
  they usually take a hefty fee in advance of the voyage and think nothing of abandoning you to die ( in the ocean this case , or the deserts of the american south in our case ) . 
  it 's pretty normal for them to try to double their profits by taking money to get someone across the border and then fuck them over by selling them into sex slavery , as drug mules , etc. 
  in this case the traffickers probably wanted to avoid authorities so they sacrificed anything but themselves to get away . 
  they 're very good players . 
  star players , but maybe not superstars . 
  durant and love flaked out midway through training camp to chase hundreds of millions of dollars ( who does that ? ) . 
  it 's the youngest us team ever since nba players were included . 
  spain actually has a team with more total nba games played just because their nba players are all seasoned veterans . 
  the mo for this tournament has been to have a slow/sloppy first half , then make some half time adjustments and , along with unmatched depth and athleticism , blow the game open in the third quarter . 
  serbia/yugoslavia is the 2nd best basketball country historically after the us . 
  he 's active in corporate conspiracy and amateur radio subreddits . 
  just sayin ' . 
  it 's a bunch of international trade stuff . 
  this guy has been throwing up a bunch of ttip stuff the past couple days . 
  russians have been training to use them for a while . 
  does n't mean they 're delivered and in russian control . 
  lol, 
  usa-lithuania starts in 15 minutes !, 
  [ usually a close a game ] ( http://ipix.lt/di/5p9h/dsazxczxas.jpg ), 
  nothing is perfect . 
  nuclear , though , has and has had the capability to supplant the massively more destructive fossil fuel source of energy for like 40 years . 
  renewables even today have n't reached the point where they can carry the kind of burden they do in france . 
  they also have their own issues in regards to the mining of rare earth metals . 
  over which china has a powerful grip on the market , btw . 
  how much healthier would the world 's climate be if every major economy took the path france did ? 
  it makes me sad . 
  would n't be beholden to russia or opec to meet energy needs , either . 
  yes . 
  they gave the best sams in the world because us air dominance and stuff like the sr-71 forced them to have some kind of answer . 
  lithuania always has a shooter 's chance . 
  usa sorta brought a b + team to this wc after a bunch of starters decided to flake out . 
  however , this tournament it seems like lithuania has been playing mostly through the front court which is a recipe for disaster against the us bigs . 
  only spain 's bigs are good enough to do that ( and they had a very poor game against france with the exception of pau ) . 
  you ca n't just take a space shuttle out of retirement . 
  they require highly specialized chains of industries . 
  accelerating future programs is more feasible . 
  there is a big difference between progressing in space in a effort to gain political points and sabotaging space advances in order to gain political points . 
  this move , part of the latter , is harmful to iss , the short term future of us manned spaceflight , and roscosmos ( by fucking around with their own training facilities and potentially denying them one of their largest sources of income ) . 
  it 's ham-fisted . 
  even in the cold war space flight was eventually made into a theater of cooperation and used to ease tensions . 
  it 's got a bit of twang that makes it sound slightly more appalachian . 
  like someone who moved between the midwest and west virginia or something . 
  maybe some oklahoma ? 
  it 's weird because it 's not a genuine accent so your brain tries to place it somewhere even though it does n't really exist . 
  militaries are prepared to deal with biological warfare , they have the equipment and trained personnel to deal with an epidemic . 
  i 'd go for lenin . 
  no lenin , maybe there 's a democratic russia . 
  maybe there 's no bolshevik fear in germany , fascists do n't gain power . 
  maybe there 's some less shit ass version of communism without stalin and mao . 
  the next guy would n't be as effective at holding power as putin is . 
  putin would have gotten rid of anyone around him with that kind of ability . 
  you should try to pick up canadian . 
  australian is impossible though . 
  might as well be tongue clicking . 
  the report https://publications.credit-suisse.com/tasks/render/file/?fileid=bcdb1364-a105-0560-1332ec9100ff5c83, 
  maybe they just ca n't flow like brian williams can . 
  these mother fuckers . 
  what about one of our baby carriers ? 
  they 're only 40000 tons . 
  would the flag just be double red crosses on a white background then ? 
  or finally incorporate wales ? 
  we should give them some of our old excess equipment . 
  we have enough old unupgraded m1a1s to equip all of europe . 
  he should have been an entertainer . 
  it 's basically upper middle class white kids who 've discovered politics for the first time . 
  one really should n't aspire to be more like / r/canada or / r/murica, 
  russian tanks would n't be met by an army , they 'd be met by the us air force . 
  it 's what our huge air superiority was designed to do . 
  i 'd feel sorry for russian tankers if they ever got such orders . 
  far better off as foot soldier in that case .
