  here in california we use gps to get live monitoring on the motion of faults/hillsides near major infrastructure including nuclear power stations . 
  automated laser surveyor systems are even more accurate but a huge pain the ass to install and maintain . 
  air bombing at that time was n't anything like accurate enough to avoid bombing individual buildings . 
  only thing i can think of is avoiding bombing the japanese imperial palace which is a whole huge palace compound . 
  we already have a fence , a river , and a brutal desert . 
  the only thing that will slow the flow across the border is improved economy in latin america . 
  is it possible for the eu to declare him non grata like countries do to ambassadors ? 
  if you have a good word we will steal it . 
  he 's saying that `` establishment '' republicans running for the house and senate were voted for more favorably than trump himself was . 
  he is less popular than the republicans in congress . 
  he has no popular mandate to pick fights with congress . 
  uk has literally the same 2nd strike we do . 
  the worst timeline . 
  [ history of english podcast ] ( http://historyofenglishpodcast.com/ ) is really good if you 're interested in that sort of thing . 
  episodes are chronological starting with the indo-europeans . 
  shakespeare is modern english . 
  fish centric diets are very healthy . 
  it 's a 1 day old account of a fascist . 
  i 've always been fond of the us navy ships named after battles . 
  no you can sit down while rafting . 
  it 's right up their alley . 
  raised numbers are for making carbon copies . 
  nobody does that anymore . 
  for some things this is the case . 
  not with lead . 
  it 's just a question of how long until putin keels over and the oligarchy , no longer bound by the boss , start knifing eachother in alleys . 
  they have a dictatorship without clear succession . 
  history is fill of examples for how that turns out . 
  aryan refers to the ancient central asian nomads who were the linguistic and cultural ancestors of some indians and most europeans . 
  hitler perverted that concept into being some kind of genealogical super race . 
  slavs are also aryan ( indo-european is the term used now ) , linguistically , but that did n't get in the way of ridiculous ideology . 
  [ west virginia is an extreme outlier ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-12-22/here-are-the-most-innovative-states-in-america-in-2016 ) . 
  [ here 's a relative ranking ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-12-22/here-are-the-most-innovative-states-in-america-in-2016 ) . 
  if you 're the nw coast you get fog everyday instead . 
  we definitely drink iced tea here . 
  sugar with hint of tea crap they have in the south , but it 's tea that 's cold . 
  birds and reptiles have a cloaca . 
  importantly : a crooked russian oligarch that ca n't get his money out of russia is vulnerable to having it stolen by some other crooked russian oligarch . 
  they want to get it out to somewhere stable and safe . 
  in russia they will always exist at the whim of whoever is in power . 
  the vast majority of which was n't in any way under the control of france . 
  basically paid for their mississippi river forts . 
  yeah they 're the learn how to research and form good arguments undergraduate degrees . 
  i think it 's based off a helicopter turbine . 
  i do n't think there are any modern tanks that do . 
  part of the advantage of diesels ( and abrams turbine ) is that they can run on lower quality fuel if supply lines crap out . 
  the gop would never nominate him . 
  he 's a moderate and does unforgivable things like compromise . 
  found this [ source ] ( http://www.upu.int/uploads/tx_sbdownloader/integratedindexforpostaldevelopmenten.pdf ) but it does n't have any of the data . 
  might as well be hand waving . 
  coincidentally ( ? ), 
  they 're swiss . 
  i wore this like 12 years ago . 
  weird to see it here now . 
  mexico has some nice ones too . 
  eu plates are of larger area than north american plates . 
  it 's not too uncommon for americans to enjoy to dress up formally and then act super informally . 
  we enjoy the irony . 
  or perhaps we like the fancy clothes but not the etiquette . 
  better to light your money on fire than buy a gm product . 
  greenland is part of north america . 
  he dictates his tweets to an assistant . 
  cherry coke is mediocre . 
  vanilla coke is the flavored coke you want . 
  please make sure it does n't cross the president 's desk . 
  [ no ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yivlt9ctaio ), 
  local sports coverage is one of the only niches left for papers . 
  freeze/thaw is what 's bad . 
  just freezing and staying insulated under the snow is n't so bad . 
  when it all melts and there 's a bunch of runoff is when the most damage is done . 
  midwest is largely east of the mississippi . 
  it 's the western us before the louisiana purchase so it kept it 's west tag despite no longer being in the west . 
  so that people have to put time into each panel . 
  they do n't want to be createameme . 
  * plans for a laser the us has the world 's current most powerful laser array : [ nif ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_ignition_facility ), 
  wind and solar are not baseline power generation technologies , hydro and geothermal are limited by geography ( and while not having much air pollution they drastically affect the local environment ) . 
  there are no `` new '' power sources . 
  these are the fundamental sources of energy in the universe : chemical potential ( fossils ) , gravitational potential ( hydro , tidal ) , thermal potential ( geothermal , wind , wave ) , and nuclear ( fusion , fission , solar ) . 
  looking at the actual un report one notices that the list is limited to ** one city per country ** . 
  surprise , europe has lots of countries !, 
  how would you be `` screwed '' ? 
  dna is not your identity , it can only be used to identify you . 
  nobody would be able to synthesize a copy of your dna either and plant it somewhere to frame you if that 's your worry . 
  easily available information like date of birth , address , worklplace , and relations are enormously more valuable to anyone wishing to compromise you in any way . 
  on the flipside . 
  basketball is growing steadily in europe . 
  although , i do n't think a pan-european team would be too likely . 
  ice hockey is another one , but not throughout all of europe . 
  throw in volleyball and water polo to some extent . 
  people looking to tease prickly brits . 
  although it 's more often used in regard to canada and airstrip one is used for britain . 
  they would have to want statehood first and as of the last referendum they want status quo . 
  51st state in regard to uk/canada is used to tease our prickly cousins . 
  memorial day was for union dead and eventually to remember the dead on both sides . 
  veteran 's day was originally to remember the dead of wwi , it was the same thing as armistice day remembered across much of europe . 
  by its nature it 's the natural home for some of the wealthiest and most powerful people in the world . 
  as far as industry goes the most significant would be the cutting edge r&d for nasa , doe , dod , etc. 
  [ box score ] ( http://www.fiba.com/basketballworldcup/2014/1009/france-spain# | tab = boxscore_statistics ) a great defensive performance by france to beat spain in spain * without * the aid of their star point guard tony parker . 
  outstanding game from gobert in particular . 
  usa , lithuania , france , and serbia are the final four left competing for medals .
