  navy ships turned over to allied ports . 
  war criminals tried by foreigners . 
  this was done without the us and uk ever really using the full extent of their capability in europe as germany was already collapsing by the time they could land . 
  repost as `` europe beats usa as best tourist destination '', 
  1 spain 2 france 3 germany 4 united states 5 united kingdom 6 switzerland 7 australia 8 italy 9 japan 10 canada  still based on 14 pillars , this edition 's new methodology ( see box 1 : updating the ttci methodology ) is organized into four subindexes :  the enabling environment subindex , which captures the general settings necessary for operating in a country : 1 . business environment 2 . 
  safety and security 3 . 
  health and hygiene 4 . 
  human resources and labour market 5 . 
  ict readiness  the t&t policy and enabling conditions subindex , which captures specific policies or strategic aspects that impact the t&t industry more directly : 6 . 
  prioritization of travel and tourism 7 . international openness 8 . 
  price competitiveness 9 . 
  environmental sustainability  the infrastructure subindex , which captures the availability and quality of physical infrastructure of each economy : 10 . 
  air transport infrastructure 11 . 
  ground and port infrastructure 12 . 
  tourist service infrastructure  and the natural and cultural resources subindex , which captures the principal `` reasons to travel '' : 13 . 
  natural resources 14 . 
  cultural resources and business travel full list on page 5 of the pdf . 
   last week the us census bureau issued figures showing that non-hispanic whites made up 49.8 per cent of the population of california . 
  this is one of those lovely definitions where light skinned latinos are n't white . 
  such an alien culture those westerners ... 
  as an exercise in connection with a troop exercise . 
  asian immigrants are the most successful in the us . 
  tbf they are probably required to have us-built secure electronics and telecommunications that cost a fortune . 
  it 's skewed younger and more argumentative as any sub that goes default ( or semi-default ) does . 
  reddit in general seems to be less of a home of conspiracy quacks and more of a target of racist groups . 
  when i joined ( maybe ~ 25000 ) more topics were about discussing broad issues . 
  nowadays it 's single news articles and comments in reactions to the headline . 
  your very own lesotho . 
  in english it 's used as a racial/ethnic term that comes up often in racists theories from circa 1900 . 
  the anglo-saxon race is the ruling class of the us/uk and runs the world , etc. 
  anglophone or english-speaking is a more contemporary and less racially connected term . 
  it 's typically understood to mean the same 5 or so countries ( + ireland and some others ) . 
  it 's more like 99 % non-native . 
  immigrants usually means first generation only , though . 
  iceland is strategically important and therefor it is protected by the us/uk via nato for free . 
  more useful to have good relations with the german government than the german people , probably . 
  pretty weird to have a korean delegation for the end of war in europe to begin with . 
  certainly was n't the end as far as they were concerned . 
  not really . 
  chemical warfare has been around for over a century . 
  medicine has been a decisive factor in warfare for thousands of years . 
  would be spying on japan if we wanted good cars . 
  i recall a developer interview where they said that their satirical target is actually american media . 
  not america itself but american tv/movies/radio . 
  what if american television was a real place ? 
  that 's grand theft auto . 
  of course for many people american tv * is * what they think america is like . 
  we are building space telescopes . 
  jwst costs about 8x as much as e-elt . 
  it 's really hard to build something that can withstand the extremes of space and maintain the precision necessary for a large telescope . 
  jwst is going to be placed at the [ earth-sun l2 point ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ee/lagrange_points2.svg/2000px-lagrange_points2.svg.png ) . 
  so it 's going to be more free from interference than any telescopes made before as well as being much larger than hubble . 
  considering that many of them are in hawaii it 's not that rough a life . 
  and then the rest of the article goes on to talk about national radio and transmission . 
  nothing further about regulation of an fm band . 
  thus my question . 
  it 's just talking about cost savings for switching public radio from fm to dab . 
  is this just for publicly funded radio ? 
  article is n't very clear . 
  yes . 
  immigration is an extremely good thing if it 's managed correctly . 
  people are coming here regardless of our laws so we might as well funnel as many of them as possible through documented ports of entry . 
  this increases our ability to protect both ourselves and the migrants from people who prey on undocumented migrants . 
  us and russia have common security concerns in central asia . 
  it 's not talked about a whole lot . 
  the air force 's two arms of the triad program seem to be a bit of a mess . 
  i expect the navy is more competent or at least more competent at keeping mistakes quiet . 
  which is why he used a puerto rican as an example of americans not knowing geography . 
  basketball . 
  it 's not an immigration problem . 
  people from other countries are well aware of how much disease sucks . 
  it 's coddled people who do n't realize the suffering which epidemics bring that do n't vaccinate . 
  the personal beliefs exemption is pretty much guaranteed to be rescinded at the next election . 
  we try to be reasonably accommodating to weird religious people who do n't want foreign stuff in their body and anti-vax people abuse it . 
  now nobody will get exemption . 
  if europe wants to mitigate this problem it has to be done in africa , working with local governments . 
  this problem means spending to help those countries shore up the most vulnerable parts of their society in return for those government doing a better job at securing their borders and ports . 
  provide legal methods to divy out work visas to people in good standing with the law based on greatest need ( e.g. 
  supporting children ) . 
  these people should be spread out across all regions so that they do n't form ghettos or overwhelm local economies . 
  people risking death to cross a sea in a shitty overloaded boat are n't going to stopped by a chain link fence . 
  they 're desperate and the only way to address them is by removing the source of desperation or acting inhumanely . 
  i 'd watch james may present any tv show . 
  that man is good at his job . 
  he 's knowledgeable , funny , interesting , and all without needing to be a dick to anyone . 
  the word `` evil '' was used . 
  saying something is a problem is not the same as saying it 's evil . 
  the worst i 'd accuse them of is complacency and undue loyalty . 
  vicky and hearts of iron 4lyfe eu and ck are grand strategy for toddlers . 
  ( ck2 is actually awesome because it creates great stories , it 's kinda easy to game though ) . 
  more of a reddit/teenager thing . 
  does n't matter . 
  the problem is that was eat too much and walk too little . 
  sort by controversial for actual unpopular opinions . 
  third largest economy in the world . 
  green countries are 67 % of the world 's gdp . 
  a 3000 km land border is slightly more complicated to police . 
  typical hollywood . 
  they think the rest of the country are retards . 
  the cavalry really annoys me in total war .
