  i call for automotive diversity in germany then . 
  fine . 
  russia is as powerful as pakistan . 
  waving nukes around looking for respect is a sign of weakness , not strength . 
  see : korea , north . 
  if they had great economic , cultural , or even conventional military strength they would n't need to remind other countries that they can kill everyone and themselves in nuclear hellfire . 
  russia needs better relations with europe . 
  do you mean the old [ flag of the kingdom of great britain ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/union_flag_1606_ ( kings_colors \\ ) . svg ) or the current one of the uk ? 
  i do like the older one more . 
   well tbh they are . 
  based on what ? 
  the notion that passenger diesels * must * have a place in the market ? 
  we like clean air . 
  we 've set high standards for all road vehicles . 
  diesels are dirty . 
  the only way to make them not be dirty is with expensive technologies . 
  this is worth it on big commercial vehicles where the fuel savings will pay for the fancy tech . 
  it is not worth it on small cars . 
  i 'm not breathing dirtier air just because some european companies made a bad bet on diesel passenger vehicles . 
  our emissions standards will stay as they are ( or be raised even higher ) and should have no bias towards fuel types . 
  regardless mexico is n't considered part of central america . 
  north america , latin america , mesoamerica . . yes . 
  what do you think happened when the treaty of paris was signed ? 
  did a bunch of british suddenly lose all culture and become americans overnight ? 
  no culture ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  they were british that split off at a fork . 
  great britain was the top power from 1763-1781 at the peak of the first british empire . 
  the american war of independence evolved into a world war in which europe 's other powers fought to dismantle the empire . 
  gb lost a great deal but held on to india and gibraltar which they managed to develop into the 2nd british empire . 
  france wants to veto our vetoes ? 
  veto is in place because it reflects the actual state of the world . 
  those countries can force things economically or militarily . 
  it is much better that they can do so diplomatically without raising tensions . 
  the un does n't exist to tell usa/russia/china / france/uk what they can/cannot do . 
  nobody has that power . 
  attempting to do so means they withdraw support for the un which * does * serve as an otherwise useful forum between powers . 
  people surprised by this stuff just have a misconception that european countries are normal sized or even large . 
  they 're pretty small compared to pretty much everywhere else in the world . 
  japan , vietnam , nigeria , peru , etc. 
  all look huge superimposed on europe . 
  we 're working on a naval rail gun . 
  moreover people who are having a bad day are probably going to be lax in their responsibilities to get out of doing more work . 
  letting someone through instead of making a fuss is less work than doing secondary screenings . 
  japan are our most powerful ally but their political reality is that they will are not a global partner , only an asian one . 
  uk and france i would consider our two global allies . 
  the earth sciences team is actually launching mind probes . 
  bmw used actual * expensive * technologies that reduce emissions . 
  pretty much just vw and friends were putting out these miraculous cheap clean diesels . 
  everyone else seems to be doing hybrids and electrics in the us for high mpg cars as that 's probably the most effective legitimate course considering the strict nox regulations . 
  make new security arrangement then cancel old security arrangement . 
  not cancel old security arrangement then sit around without security arrangement while you figure out new security arrangement . 
  sanctions are via congress unless trump wants to veto them . 
  you 'll need : common equipment . 
  nato has already done a lot of the work in ensuring common small arms calibers and a lot of interchangeable shells and ordnance but there 's a huge number of different vehicles that ca n't just be swapped around between forces without more training . 
  a common staff/officer language . 
  obviously the enlisted would be kept together with people of their own nationality where they can speak their native language among themselves and to their immediate superiors . 
  however their officers from probably the captain level on up would need to be able to communicate strategy , tactics , and logistics in the common language so that forces can be moved around as needed and still be effective . 
  a common foreign policy . 
  if there 's one army than there can only be one final decision on whether or not to use it . 
  you ca n't have an army that operates effectively if there 's a risk that whole chunks of it will be kept home because their national politics disagree with the rest of the eu . 
  a common budget . 
  this may not be strictly necessary but it would make everything work much better . 
  finally if it 's going to operate without the us , hypothetically , you need a huge investment into eu military logistics . 
  european forces are entirely reliant on the us logistics backbone currently . 
  size is n't irrelevant but it 's not the whole story . 
  what 's being left out is the usaf ( and usn ) which is where the us leads everyone by a ridiculous degree . 
  you ca n't operate a conventional army against enemy air superiority . 
  we 've known this since ww2 . 
  it 's difficult to say what their foreign policy will actually be . 
  for the last 6 years their only policy is `` whatever obama 's administration is doing is wrong and bad and we 'd do the opposite . '', 
  however , that 's just rhetoric to get themselves into office . 
  some of them are stupid enough to actually believe it though . 
  i do n't think ukraine will get much more support but i 'm not sure republicans are willing to go down in history as the party that acquiesced to an aggressive dictator . 
  that would require a ratified treaty to be any sort of lasting recognition so he 'd need congress . 
  foreigners ca n't do anything to me , it 's my fellow countrymen that can ruin things . 
  i do n't think bernie is the lock redditors would have you believe . 
  socialist is a very bad word among the blue collar midwesterners that swung the election . 
  he would have done worse with minorities too . 
  his primary was pretty paternalistic . 
  trump and co 's entire pitch is based on not being in power and complaining about the people in power not making life perfect . 
  democrats should hit back hard in the 2018 house elections and more so in 2020 which is a critical census year . 
  this may backfire on the republicans in the 2020s if dems can undo gerrymandering from 2010 . 
  he famously had to use the us army to enforce school desegregation when state officials refused to follow the order of the supreme court . 
  it was a big expansion of presidential power and he navigated it very well . 
  his vp is worse still and many expect him to be a cheney . 
  pulling the strings behind the curtain . 
  pence said he idolizes cheney . 
  eisenhower was a great president . 
  he was some sort of political genius that new how to manage people to get great results . 
  most of his criticism stems from the impossible situation he was in internationally . 
  he was anti-war but there was ( it appeared ) an imminent of nuclear war and communism seemed to be toppling governments all over . 
  he turned to unethical cia programs because he saw them as preferable to full military action . 
  in hindsight we might say he was paranoid but it 's difficult to put yourself in the shoes of that time . 
  we would also say that he should have told the french off and sided with the vietnamese , but again that 's rather a difficult thing to say at the time . 
  domestically he did a great job ousting the isolationist republicans , letting the red scare destroy itself , and enforcing civil rights . 
  he wisely maintained fdr/truman 's social programs despite his personal feelings and he enacted on of the largest public works projects in history . 
  grant put his trust in his cabinet ( like a good general should ) that was n't worth trusting . 
  tyler was n't elected but assumed the presidency after the death of harrison . 
  it was n't really clear whether that was correct , legally , so he was n't given much credence . . hoover was a disaster that thought the government should n't do anything .
