  there is plenty of blame to hand to all parties . 
  i think you can tell even today by glancing at a map of europe in 1900 and 2000 . 
  the uk , france , and russia have been satisfied only after cutting germany down to a fraction of it 's former size and potential . 
  there was a lot of external pressure put on the young german state . 
  kaiser wilhelm was able to handle it with masterful diplomacy and was certainly one of the greatest leaders europe has ever seen , but nobody was going to adequately fill his shoes . 
  the leaders that followed were molded by a world that was hostile to the existence of germany and they were predictdably hostile in return . 
  europe 1850-1950 is a prime example of the perils of stubborn nationalism . 
  the refusal of old empires to give way to the new and the pride of the new in demanding revenge for past slights . 
  arnold does n't have a very strong accent . 
  really he 's easier to under than a lot of english people . 
  he stresses some syllables different and pronounces a few vowels differently . 
  that 's about it . 
  banks have a hell of a lot more incentive to make sure their systems are secure than politicians do to make sure their elections are . 
  my home county in california recently ( this past year ) implemented a $ .10 surcharge per bag . 
  the point is not to eliminate bags completely , it 's to serve as a reminder to bring one 's own cloth or reusable bags . 
  it 's been effective , nearly everyone brings their own bags into the store now . 
  illicit art sales is one of the biggest black markets in the world ( after only drugs and guns , iirc ) . 
  it happens to be one of the only ways to invest/save dirty money . 
  for anyone curious as i a was : nasa 's budget is about $ 17.9 billion which works out to about .1 % of us gnp or ~ 13 billion euro . 
  roscosmos ' budget is about 212 billion rubles which is roughly .34 % of russian gnp or ~ 4.8 billion euro . 
  jaxa 's budget is about 180 billion yen which is about .02 % of japanese gnp or ~ 1.3 billion euro . 
  i 'm not going to bother looking up chinese budget because it 's intimately involved with their military programs and i would n't trust full disclosure of budget there . 
  similarly the usaf and dhs have large budgets ( possibly larger than nasa ) . 
  i 'm sure the same can be said of russia . 
  edit : a quick google suggests that the combined budget of the us air force 's space division and the national reconnaissance office ( spy satellite org . ), 
  is at least another $ 16 billion . 
  this assumes that wine of one vintage is the same as another . 
  you have to consider a '99 vintage to be product with its own supply and demand ... a '04 is another and so on . 
  except that canada has done a lot more work with nasa . 
  seriously . 
  living around immigrants makes it easy to see the enormous benefits they can have on a society . 
  these people work their asses off to make a better lives for their children . 
  the more that can be done to facilitate that process the better for everyone . 
  they should only learn english so far as it is useful or of interest to them in furthering their ability to live here . 
  if they do n't learn the language their children certainly will and the `` problem '' will sort itself out without a bunch of fuss and xenophobia . 
  a lot of that territory was part of the russian empire which certainly did have colonial imperialism . 
  the problem in the us is the accessibility to health care by lower income and younger demographics . 
  the care given is high quality but expensive . 
  edit : looking more closely at the sub-categories under health there 's a lot of stuff there related to having clean water , extensive vaccinations , clean environment , proper sewage , etc. 
  there 's also the debatable inclusion of expenditure/person being included as a positive . 
  on a global scale it certainly is better to spend more , compared to other western countries it 's a matter of inefficiency . 
  that 's a simplistic view . 
  if the resources can bring down the cost of doing business or the revenues can be invested back into local economic growth it could very possibly be better to drill now than later . 
  he said his english was very poor when he moved to the us , and i do n't think it 's accurate to assume the modern austrian education is the same as it was in the 50s and 60s when he was in school . 
  maybe we 'll change it when england no longer has a monarch . 
  yeah but it 's part of the constitution so it takes extraordinary measures to remove it . 
  probably not really worth the political struggle . 
  it was implemented in a time when fears of a european aristocrat coming and a taking control of a region were real . 
  this happened in a few different latin american countries . 
  i think russia has more warheads but fewer delivery devices . 
  which works out to the us having more actual weapons . 
  or they 're just general missile defense for nato and it does n't really matter who is doing the missile launching . 
  it 's a partial cube . 
  their basketball team is pretty good . 
  you 'd love the wolverines then , ya ? 
  the trick is to get articles from multiple sources with different biases and try to get some primary sources if possible . 
  that 's because they 're the host of the talk . 
  it says in the description that the speaker is ilan berman , a professor for the national defense university of the department of defense and member of some other think tank . 
  damn , that sucks :( one of the best tools for learning about different cultures . 
  he recently returned to the us . 
  probably the scanner misreading it . 
  this quote does n't illustrate anything at all about america 's concept of freedom . 
  whatever contrast you think it shows is entirely based on your own opinion . 
  i did , that 's how i noticed their passing mention . 
  i also noticed that in their prominently positioned graphic they neglected to include islands with similar political prominence to great britain . 
  which is what i remarked on . 
  as if i know that most people will see that graphic first and know how important visual media is to articles . 
  i like their little graphic were they exclude islands that have real political impact and only shortly mention them in the text . 
  way to exclude java with its 131 million and honshu with its 103 million , bbc . 
  i guess that does n't fit the agenda . 
  natural gas in the us is a lot cheaper than in europe . 
  anything other than gas is going to be the more expensive option here . 
  my bet would be on chicago , the whole eastern seaboard of the us would need to move up into or over the appalachian mountains into the mississippi river system . 
  millions , total melt requires antarctica to move off of the pole . 
  then you have only sea ice left which contributes the same as water to sea levels . 
  most of it . 
  the central plains of north america are also a place of bitterly cold winter , extreme weather , and tough soil . 
  there are two differences . 
  north america has the mississippi/missouri/ohio river system that drains into warm water , bringing relatively easy means to transport people and goods throughout the country . 
  russia 's rivers mostly run north into the frozen arctic , practically useless for international commerce or even commerce with western russia . 
  canada has the same problem further north . 
  also the united states and canada had legal policies greatly favoring and incentivizing settling on these lands while russia had extremely harsh policies on its peasantry , preventing them from moving about and deterring immigrants from coming to the country looking for new land . 
  ( keep in mind that up until the 20th century land ownership was the defining characteristic of a wealthy and self-supporting family , in north america it was literally being given away ) . 
  actually those are just the us super carriers . 
  there 's like another 12 amphibious assault ships which are approximately equivalent in capability to many other countries ' carriers . 
  you really should n't forget about boomers , either . 
  those are the real threats between great powers . 
  russia is home to some of the greatest cultural works in human history . 
  i 'd love to go despite the current shit regime ( and those before it allll the way back ) . 
  the battle hymn is n't really the right format for an anthem . 
  it really should be sparingly reserved for legitimate times of righteous ass kicking . 
  it 's pretty powerful when you consider the context in which it was written . 
  if you really want to feel tall you should head to mexico . 
  goodness , there are some short men there . 
  not really . 
  we share the world 's longest border , which is also the world 's longest demilitarized border , and the world 's largest trade between two nations with canada . 
  we are practically the same culture as they are , their tv stars are our tv stars , our movie stars are their movie stars , our athletes compete against their athletes in the same leagues . 
  we share similar frontier and immigration dominated histories . 
  canada is close culturally that people practically forget it 's a different country . 
  have n't actually been at war with russia , particularly if you separate ussr and russian empire/russian federation .
