  as long as it 's true peace and not just delaying a necessary war or allowing the conditions which could lead to war to fester . 
  lasting peace is the goal . 
  with regards to the us you 're probably referencing the commerce clause , which grants the federal government the power to regulate interstate commerce . 
  this is where most of the power of the present government stems from as just about anything can be traced back to interstate commerce . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/infographics/2014-05-12/global-investor-poll.html#global-economy 2nd slide of the global economy portion . 
  only a limited number of options but us is the highest . 
  coca-cola has about 100 mg/l per wikipedia . 
  mountain dew is right on the divider . 
  tea and coffee are well over 150 mg/l . 
  the guardian 's comment is free section is worth every penny . 
  if they allowed some air and naval bases it would solidify the nato stranglehold on the baltic sea . 
  that 's about it , though . 
  maybe some additional cooperation with sweden 's advanced arms industry , but i think that 's already there . 
  probably the same sort of places people go to greece for , except they go to the less publicized ones with fewer tourists or at times of the year when they are n't as busy . 
  this is going off my experience of being a californian anyway . 
   historic cities would have been ended and poisoned for decades afterwards , uhh , no . 
  that 's not how nuclear weapons work . 
  the long term radiation effects are n't that significant . 
  hiroshima was rebuilt basically as quickly as any other city . 
  sometimes i forget joe biden even exists . 
  then he says something stupid and i remember we have a vp . 
  if parts of the us you mean small towns an certain neighborhoods , sure . 
  latin americans are no different than any other immigrant groups in that by the third generation their native language is largely gone and english is their mother tongue . 
  i think reddit has a tendency to overstate the effects of latin american immigration to the southwest . 
  there are more light brown people here now , yeah , but they 're americans just the same as the rest of us . 
  also they 're short . 
  i think it has as much or more to do with the pop culture output of the both the us and uk . 
  it 's the inundation of tv/movies/music / games that actually gets people to learn the language beyond the ( often ineffective ) classroom . 
  we use `` undocumented '' here . 
  [ german american bund ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/german_american_bund.png ) , for the curious . 
  very art deco . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_american_bund ), 
  the absolute amount of money is n't important . 
  it reflects a commitment to the alliance . 
  http://registertovote.ca.gov/ if you skip to the second page here you can see it at the bottom . 
  just pretend you 're a california resident but do n't submit it or we 'll send seal team 6 after you or something . 
  and here 's a voter information packet if you 're curious http://vig.cdn.sos.ca.gov/2012/general/pdf/complete-vig-v2.pdf , edit : changed to the 2012 general election one so it 's more full featured, 
  yes . 
  at least where i live when you register to vote you basically have one little question like : `` would you like to register with a political party ? '', 
  and gives you a bunch of options or `` no , i 'd like to be independent '' . 
  if you select one your contact info is given to the party and they send to pamphlets and bug you for donations and stuff . 
  yes , but then they ca n't vote in the democratic primary and thus they might not get the candidate they want put forward so there 's a risk to it . 
  some states also have [ open primaries ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open_primaries_in_the_united_states ) . 
  nah , definitely [ the classic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzmi3vaihbe ), 
  burning wood is extremely dirty , though . 
  you do n't have to join a party , you just have to do that if you want to take part in that party 's own election ( which is what primaries are , selecting which of several possible candidates that party is going to put forward for election ) . 
  you 're also then pretty much on their mailing list and get all the crap they send out . 
  some states allow same-day registration in the us . 
  the main benefit of registering is that it quickens the voting process ( your local place will be expecting you ) and you will be mailed certain information packets on the candidates and ballot meaures in the upcoming election . 
  also in most states it allows you to choose a party and then participate in their primary . 
  you also get the option of requesting an absentee ( via mail ) ballot . 
  i 'd wager that they keep it deliberately vague so that they can prosecute anything they please . 
  it 's not even about geographic literacy . 
  it 's about it being a small country on the other side of the world . 
  i ca n't imagine poles care much about honduras . 
  everyone detests canadian geese . 
  americans do n't know or give two shits about azerbaijan . 
  greater european co-prosperity sphere , of course . 
   adept i think you mean advocate . 
   an universal this should actually be ' a universal ' . 
  the use of a/an is decided by the starting sound of the word , in this case universal starts with a consonant y sound so it does n't need ` an ' . 
  not trying to be rude . 
  your english is good . 
  not really . 
  english being the language of science is post-wwii . 
  before that german and french were still very , very big in the sciences . 
  arguably german was the language of science , at least for physical sciences . 
  the war pushed all those great scientists from mainland europe into us and uk universities . 
  flammable is just a screwed up version of inflammable . 
  that latter is the correct one but because people will assume that `` inflammable '' will mean `` can not be flamed '' flammable has ended up being used on warning signs . 
  flammable is steadily working its way towards being used often enough to be considered correct . 
  just like alright for all right . 
  english is very much a living language . 
  those that learn words through writing first still have a problem from the inconsistent spelling . 
  it 's just then flipped to a pronunciation problem . 
  two sides of the same coin . 
  the coin being that english has the pairing of letters to sounds from like 6 different languages . 
  english grammar is really simple and consistent so far as i know . 
  the spelling is what 's messed up . 
  in the sense that the ss 's rise was in part to control the power of the sa , you could argue that he is partly responsible for the sweet ss uniform . 
  alaska has a dividend from their sovereign fund that is given out to residents . 
  depends on how much interest was earned but it seems to be about $ 1000/year . 
  not entirely accurate . 
  proxy war implies that it was seeded by britain 's enemies . 
  what happened was the revolt , once it proved it had legs , created an opportunity for europe to even the score with britain while they were weak . 
  they also ( mostly ) did n't fight through the us , but directly and indirectly all across the world . 
  france , spain , etc certainly were n't in agreeance with the `` radical '' ideas in the us either . 
  not a perfect example but it might be closer to think of it like serbia 1914 , a small conflict sparking an existing powder keg . 
  honestly even if you add countries there 's not many that will delay it more than a year or two . 
  adding switzerland is about 3 % gdp growth . 
  there just are n't that many large economies in the area left that are n't already in the eu . 
  turkey , russia , norway , switzerland . 
  none of them seem likely any time soon . 
  is n't nafta larger than the eu by gdp ? 
  the us and eu are nearly equal + two other large economies in canada and mexico i would think it would expect nafta to be a little larger . 
  of course it could go one way or the other depending on what kind of metrics are used . 
  more to the point nafta is nothing like the eu , it 's just a free trade agreement . 
  australian shepherds are the best . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  nazis and napoleon did it temporarily .
