  obviously germany leading the eu is a little stretching of the truth and probably not meant entirely seriously . 
  also i would say people mainly criticise nazi germany for their use of force in achieving their goal . 
  not its stress for a united europe . 
  the point of comparing russia 's actions to nazi germany 's is more useful in my opinion . 
  hitler got away with it purely because it is such a convincing argument . 
  it is not easy to argue against letting a country protect its people , even outside their borders . 
  but using history to prove why this can be dangerous is entirely useful . 
  people are comparing russia 's reasons for occupying land with nazi germany 's . 
  which there are enough similarities to warrant at least a mention . 
  it does nobody a disservice . 
  yeah there is a strange idea going round that you must give equal time and consideration to both sides of an argument . 
  even if the other side is complete shit . 
  i 'm all for hearing the russian side of this conflict but i have n't seen many constructive pro-russian posts . 
  yeah that document getting coverage did annoy me . 
  i 've read the link i sent you and ca n't find it in there . 
  it just made me a little happy it seems my country cares more about showing solidarity with ukraine than russian investment . 
  where did you get that idea ? 
  is n't the uk in favour of tougher sanctions ? 
  it is very easy to get swept along into propaganda . 
  look at any authoritative regime and they would have had a high approval rating . 
  a combination of nationalism , promises of a better life and a bit of a hero worship . 
  all of which very much apply to putin in my opinion . 
  my sympathy still lies with the people . 
  i do n't want to let russia 's foreign , and even domestic , policies make me harbour some sort of xenophobic attitude towards a large group of people . 
  on the other hand it is your country . 
  of course you are distinct from your government but as long as they are accountable to the russian people you are the only ones that can change their behaviour . 
  all i said was that i do n't think the use of that word is enough to conclude he was sent by russia . 
  this is a pretty tense time and although i understand the west 's caution in getting more involved i hate the idea that we will just sit back and watch these things happen . 
  if indeed russia are using nefarious tactics to seize parts of ukraine i would hope the eu would stand strong with the will of the ukrainian people and help them protect sovereignty . 
  sorry , i do n't think i 've made myself clear . 
  i am criticising his argument , not disagreeing with his conclusions . 
  i am of the opinion that the militants are funded by a group with the interest of causing trouble in eastern ukraine . 
  it would not surprise me if it is russia ; quite the opposite in fact . 
  i know very little about the russian language so my comment is not aimed at tackling that . 
  i am just pointing out his argument does n't fit his conclusion . 
  there is a clear leap from ` these people are using a word specific to st petersburg ' to ` these are definitely diversion groups sent by russia ' . 
   look at his eyes and shape of his nose along with the clothes and equipment i am not saying it is n't the same man . 
  it is impossible to conclude from eyes and nose shape either way . 
  it 's definitely better but i still think you 're far off the truth . 
  people should be allowed to write articles trying to explain , or even criticise , germany 's interests and actions without people acting like that 's somehow a bad thing . 
  if this awfully written opinion piece was criticising north korea 's treatment of its own people - i know the example is a little hyperbolic , sorry - would anyone defend them saying that we just need to accept they have different interests ? 
  thanks . 
  still not really sure what he 's on about though . 
  i 'm not going to ask you to drag all these articles out for me . 
  if you genuinely and sincerely believe that the uk as a country struggles to grasp the concept that germany is an independent country with different interests then you 're guilty of generalising . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're suggesting here . 
  who are the ovk ? 
  even without a contrary opinion it is pretty hyperbolic to say the use of a word has proven `` beyond reasonable doubt '' . 
  would it really be that convincing ? 
  i do n't know much about military equipment so it is hard to make an analysis on how accurate this is but i think they are saying the equipment is similar enough to think they are n't separate groups . 
  or that a single benefactor is outfitting both of these groups . 
  i hope nobody is suggesting they are literally the same man . 
   russians being treated like some sort of a plague try not to take it so personally mate . 
  people love russians . 
  mostly people are just criticising russia , rather than its people . 
  you seem to be complaining about a generalisation whilst simultaneously generalising an entire country by one opinion piece in a magazine . 
  that deserves a bit of recognition for mental gymnastics . 
  this is something i have never understood . 
  people seem to believe that because the west has some blood on its hands that they are both ` just as bad as each other ' . 
  got some examples of russophobia from this subreddit before the ukrainian thing ? 
  to be honest i think you 're being pretty weird and making russia out to be some sort of victim . 
  maybe i 'm out of the loop here but i did n't read much about russia before this whole thing . 
  would love some examples of the west blaming russia for every sin on earth . 
   check the dude 's comment and submission history , is this a balanced or neutral view for you or what ? 
  if someone clearly has an agenda then you are pretty justified in pointing out their submission history . 
  the way you did it , however , was n't contributing much to the discussion . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  just because you have two sides does n't mean they deserve equal weighting and does n't mean the balance helps you understand the situation better . 
  i understand it is nice to have both opinions however . 
  i do n't know whether there will or wo n't be . 
  it really frustrates me hearing people call people war hungry for suggesting it is a possibility . 
  even when it does n't happen and they pat themselves on the back for guessing correctly . 
  that 's all they 're doing . 
  guessing . 
  yeah i really struggle to think of somewhere more tolerant and left-wing as britain . 
  maybe scandinavia ? 
  [ you 're not wrong . 
  ] ( http://www.floridawhammy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/thepriceisright2007.png ), 
  it 's a personal preference but i definitely think the photos would be much nicer without it . 
  yeah why has he used the gta font ? 
  thanks for the information . 
  i sometimes feel a little hostility about these events towards british and american people from germans . 
  i would love for the people to be held accountable for their actions . 
  i 'm just worried it will all be framed as german versus - in my case - the uk . 
  so they benefited from the intelligence ? 
  what 's the bnd ? 
  have they been caught spying too ? 
  if so is n't it hypocritical to want a trial against the british ? 
  i went to a pharmacist in vienna when i had some allergies . 
  mostly everything they suggested was homeopathic . 
  was really strange . 
  i 'm not even sure . 
  the worst part is she is such a good hearted person . 
  on a personal level she does n't hate anyone . 
  just somehow she has this idea in her head that immigrants , mostly pakistanis , are out to ruin the uk . 
  in all fairness to everyone in britain , it does seem every newspaper and tv channel is convinced we are being invaded by millions of immigrants a second . 
  most people do n't believe it , i hope . 
  people like my nan , however , buy the paper every day and have become increasingly xenophobic . 
  she grew up in an area that 40 years ago was a really lovely place . 
  now , not so much .
