  she sees the influx of immigrants and , along with what the paper tells her , believes they are the cause . 
  she 's wrong of course . 
  excuse me ? 
  well the opposition are very welcome to say we are doing bad things . 
  i 'm also sure nobody here thought russia believes they are the bad guys too . 
  just because there is another side to the argument , does n't mean it is particularly evenly weighted . 
  i understand that might not be what you 're trying to say however . 
  are you trying to say we are just as bad as russia ? 
  never thought about it like that . 
  that 's a scary precedent to set . 
  luckily more and more places are selling guest ales , 
  no problem  also be sure to try some ales !, 
  it used to be in my local tesco . 
  also had it on tap last night in one of my locals . 
  they sell it on tap here in england . 
  it hurts because it 's true . 
  that hurts my feelings . 
  i really hope you 're wrong . 
  my family and girlfriend are from there so i may be biased . 
  i 'd choose innsbruck just because i love the place . 
  thanks for putting in a shout for birmingham . 
  we are really strangely overlooked for pretty much everything . 
  i always hear that manchester is the second city . 
  it always confuses me because , as you say , we are much more important to the economy . 
  is the deficit being reduced ? 
  honest question . 
  is n't that a legitimate criticism though ? 
  edit : just read through the ons report and it seems that there has been an increase in people in full-time employment . 
  ottakringer was it ? 
  i might have been close . 
  not too good at knowing where i am in vienna . 
  admittedly it 's a large city and not that amazing i was there . 
  it 's just i was in and out of the city a lot . 
  so just a little coincidence as i was in the city just for a day or two . 
  shit . 
  i was there !, 
  he seemed like a really well loved player . 
  i spent some time with someone who actually seemed pretty sad about his death . 
  was just in vienna . 
  when did the grenade thing happen ? 
  i agree . 
  the conservatives present themselves about caring for fiscal interests of the country . 
  businesses see immigrants as a reserve workforce . 
  cheap labour ready to be brought in . 
  ready to threaten the already low paid working class when they want higher wages . 
  as much as they like to act tough for the ukip supporters and the xenophobic stripe running through the older , more likely to vote generation . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  i do n't even understand what it means . 
  well as long as there are examples of societies that do n't mistreat homosexuals is n't it impossible to say it is definitely inherently human . 
  i do n't understand any of that sorry . 
  i think the condemnation of homosexuality is societal . 
  i do n't think it is an innate part of humanity . 
  i also think the younger generation are mostly indifferent . 
  christian in name only . 
  i 'm already subbed to / r/basicincome  love the idea . 
  any resources to learn more ? 
  and the uk is censoring the internet . 
  we are going to run out of jobs one day , i reckon . 
  is n't the money you spend on utilities currently keeping them modern and efficient ? 
  does that need to change ? 
  there 's no profit based reason to invest . 
  surely the government will make it a priority to keep them efficient . 
  i never considered that immigration would be great for the rich and not so good for the poor . 
  a huge influx of workers who are willing to take less wages . 
  yeah they only seem to note irish or a mainland european country . 
  nobody mentions uk ancestry . 
  my uncle and his friend 's used to love getting me to say it as a boy . 
  i 'm not half bad at it now i reckon . 
  it 's a shame but you can see why . 
  haha then looks like i completely ruined your joke man , sorry . 
  you know me ? 
  i 'm plenty fun . 
  no worries . 
  use skyscanner.com . 
  it will find the cheapest flights for you . 
  city break or beach holiday ? 
  vienna is near a lot of places ; including bratislava which has massively cheap flights to places like england . 
  i frequently buy return tickets for 70 euros . 
  germany might be nice and maybe not too hot . 
  tyrol has some nice scenery . 
  i 'm just not sure what you 're looking for . 
  so you 're looking for less hot places in europe to visit in 5 or 6 days from vienna ? 
  i have a similar story . 
  he might 've also been from cambridge, 
  nice to talk to you !, 
  well i like to visit once a month . 
  i was in innsbruck a few weeks ago staying with her family . 
  it is cheaper to go to vienna though . 
  she is mostly in vienna at university . 
  the coffee shops in vienna are probably my favourite part . 
  i love coffee . 
  you ever travel to england ? 
  nobody should envy our weather . 
  i come to visit my girlfriend . 
  weather is n't very important . 
  i just like to see her . 
  vienna is amazing . 
  i will hopefully be there soon for a visit . 
  you go to the university ? 
  my family is originally from salzburg i think .
