are n't the scottish british ? 
  it depends what you 're interested in . 
  drinking ? 
  have you tried / r/wien too ? 
  i 've heard the same said of germany too . 
  second one is an initialism is n't it !, 
  yeah people seem to be caught up in our lower class foods . 
  theirs are just as weird and also surprisingly tasty . 
  same here in the uk . 
  some people watch it with mild irony . 
  the rest hate it and/or do n't think about it . 
  i think the uk is somewhat similar to the rest of the anglo sphere . 
  i also think we are similar to western europe too . 
  even in its weakest form islam still promotes ignorance , misinformation and a vague sense of isolationism . 
  yeah it 's easy to understand people in birmingham , for instance , having a bit of fresh hate for ireland . 
  not that i am condoning it . 
   depends how you say it . 
  for instance if you say `` what the hell ? '', 
  in front of a little kid their parent might ask you to not say that . 
  but if you say `` you 're going to hell '' its not bad . 
  i ca n't tell if this is ironic . 
  especially as it is a growing sentiment around the whole of the eu . 
  i think it is a problem . 
  companies can use immigrants as a reserve workforce to keep wages low . 
  but i trust the eu to protect us against it more than i do the uk . 
  in britain we call them government schemes . 
  no connotations there . 
  nobodies arguing that the eu has the military capabilities of the us . 
  i just would argue we are second . 
  the uk has plenty of forces deployed in missions does n't it ? 
  as does france . 
  combined the eu still have the second largest military budget . 
  yes . 
  and modern germany , along with france , are definitely our side . 
   do n't act like eu is a saint either , you ca n't win every war and do good every time.libya is the perfect example , this country is in 100 times worse condition now than it was before the war.all thanks to nato defending people that allegedly could n't defend themselves . 
  i 'm very critical of the eu . 
  especially libya . 
  but in this instance i think we are right to get involved . 
   you should lurk more , because this subreddit turned to bash/make fun of anything russian , and that was my biggest problem here and why i expressed my revolt . 
  i have heard no mention of anything russian besides its politics . 
   as for ww2 analogy , most of europe countries were dragged into war that they did n't want to have , now you want to to fight against russia who is ready to go to war over a territory most of eu did n't even know where is , and with a very divided opinion on exactly what you should do . 
  ukraine is the victim here . 
  do n't act like the eu is war-mongering by being willing to defend them if they can not defend themselves . 
   for more than 2 months russia is paraded as nazi germany here , do n't tell me you 're calling that drawing an analogy . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  you are either being deliberately disingenuous or you 're struggling . 
  i have only experienced people comparing russia 's justifications for military intervention to nazi germany 's . 
  i have n't been to any parades . 
   smaller half of ukraine will become part of russia in some kind of form , and that is reality , i am not favoring anyone here just fyi . 
  if that happens i think that is a terrible shame . 
   this is the main reason why this is n't ww2 like , any harsher actions towards russia will make your side suffer just as much , maybe even more , nobody really knows that right now . 
  i really struggle to see your reasoning here . 
  both sides suffered in ww2 . 
  if russia is revealed to have planned to take ukrainian land all along then the nations who disagree with this will take action . 
  i believe they are right to . 
  there 's support in lots of countries to leave the eu . 
  it is not just a uk issue . 
  our media talks about it more than our people in my experience . 
  i hear a bit of talk from people in london worrying about brussels trying to remove london as one of the financial capitals because they would rather have it on the continent . 
  as a brit i would not be too worried . 
  unless something major changes i see germany , uk and france all as strong allies with deep historical roots . 
  i might be living in a fairy tale but i see that as one reason we are all very critical of each other . 
   same with russia being called nazi germany , answer is , * not really * . 
  there 's a difference between drawing an analogy and accusing them of being . 
   russians are fighting for their interest , they invested a lot of money in gas system in ukraine and they want to have a full control over it , and a lot of russians live there too ,  that 's a solid reason to even start a potential war . 
  how much of the population is russian ? 
  are people trying to take russia 's control of the gas system away from them ? 
   what is eu and nato fighting for?freedom of people?better life standard for ukrainians ? 
  i do n't think so , there is literally billions people that need that kind of help from from eu and nato . 
  we are n't fighting anything currently . 
  we will protect ukraine 's sovereignty if need be i imagine . 
   we do n't know how many russian troops are on the border and 100,000 is a gross exaggeration of current estimates of 40,000 . 
  apologies , i thought 100,000 was confirmed . 
   and if you want to behave like russia , then yes , it is fine . 
  that 's a good point . 
  i ca n't justify our actions by pointing out russia 's and then simultaneously criticising those russian actions . 
   maintaining influence . 
  this conflict is practically existential for russia . 
  if they lose here , they lose influence regionally , which means they 're done . 
  which also means they 're not simply going to let go . 
  i think they could have maintained influence without this . 
  if anything it had put the world in an awkward position . 
  the eu definitely wants russia as an economic partner . 
  if russia is okay to mass 100,000 troops on their border . 
  the us should be fine putting ground forces in poland surely ? 
  there have been some aggressive statements from both sides , agreed . 
  what are russia 's interests ? 
  it is looking more and more like putin is trying to destabilise ukraine and use the destabilisation as an excuse to become expansive . 
  if this is true , personally i think that 's not the actions i want to see out of a 21st century country with such a large population . 
  we should be pushing to show we will not tolerate it . 
  deescalation can only come from russia . 
  restraint should not be shown in sanctions , which is the only tool the west has been ever talking about using . 
  well i went through a page of your history and ca n't find anything with 20 downvotes . 
  i did n't go very far back though as i 'm eating my breakfast . 
  i do n't want my coffee to go cold . 
   and iirc hitler wanted to unite europe under one flag and use one currency , with germany as a leader , does that ring a bell to you ? 
  not really . 
   ** fyi both analogies sucks and should n't be used ever , they are disrespectful to people who actually fought for our lives . 
  ** i get your point but an analogy is just a tool . 
  you 've used yours to imply that the eu bares similarities between nazi germany because we are united and have one flag and germany leads us .
