the vichy goverment was pretty much a puppet state . 
  i think some sources even list it as such . 
  from the vichy france forces . 
  french - people - , yes . 
  but i would n't say all of france , also . 
  thats debatable . 
  very , very , debatable . 
  the french had a huge hand in the retaking of the mainland france , with without the invasions of germany and the like would n't have happened , which lead to the end of the war in europe . 
  i 'm not french and it make me angry . 
  the french had arguably - the - strongest resistance movement to the nazi and without it , i 'm sure ww2 could have turned out a lot more bloody/worse . 
  i mean ireland has a lot of small petty things :p, 
  location wise . 
  in all other forms it 's nordic . 
  it 's apart of denmark , if denmark counts , the faroe islands and greenland does :3, 
  greenland cause depressed wasteland !, 
  yup , germany has been around for aaaaggggeeesss . 
  i find some of the 1700 early 1800 stuff to be the most interesting !, 
  i 've always been some what obsessed with czechia . 
  love collecting stuff from it , love reading it , and hopefully can visit more in the future  such a nice place !, 
  ireland is a pretty hard choice . 
  the famine , the '16 rising and war of independence that led to our independence , or the troubles for safety reasons . 
  it 's pretty hard to choose just one . 
  i do !, 
  but i kinda look over it , i mean a lot more important things happened . . 
  when they invade france you knew it was going to happen , there was basically 0 chance of defending them . 
  i do n't remember it lol, 
  i mean , not here , if it is it 's not enforced :p my grandmother would hit me ( and rightly i deserved it ) with a damn spoon or something . 
  i 'm grateful for it cause it taught me not to be an asshole all my life . 
  yea i think the civil service thing is nice , it should stay but mandatory military service not so much . 
  as much as i would like to be able to collect firearms , i think changing that would be terrible and cause a lot of issues here in ireland . 
  i think our stance towards northern ireland needs to be changed/law towards that, 
  would be kinda cool to see a country randomly peaceful get a new king . 
  thats an opinion , and depending on who you ask you 'll get different answers . 
  ah , well i thought it coulda been , given their colonization of everything in the late ww1 days . 
  i mean , was n't it originally japanese ? 
  i thought kosova was the poorest ? 
  it makes more sense , war torn , kinda bad area ? 
  edit . 
  looked up , from what ever website that was . 
  it says moldova was 152 , and kosova was 157 by gdp , moldova has the bigger . 
  yea our politics sure are special . 
  fine gael and fianna fail sometimes swap power places . 
  the only real hip hop i like is dan bull , and is n't he british or something ? 
  same , that and geography . 
  the kkk has n't existed since the fucking 20s . 
  there are a bunch of rednecks who claim to be the klan . 
  it 's gone , and is staying gonee . 
  your at troll who is hate baiting . 
  the mods need to step in , this happens too often . 
  holy shit 8 euro ? 
  t'hell with that ,, 
  romania is n't apart of schengen ? 
  thats really stupid , but i agree , you should be able too , and it would help me visiting romania , so i guess it 's kinda biased . 
  as a communist , it did sound kinda marx-y :p, 
  yup . 
  it was the bullshite the media used to justify one side or the other . 
  my family is from northern ireland , we 've been here for ages . 
  politically , the best and safest answer you 're gon na get with this loaded question is * maybe * . 
  if brexit happens , and when scotland leaves , there is a chance , i 'd say lik cgp grey about 40 % ~ likely , of it trying to rejoin ireland . 
  you are either british or irish in this question , you can choose one or the other ( or both i think . ), 
  try to do some research first buddy , you 've asked a pretty loaded question , that has gotten more people killed than you 'll imagine . 
  i liked the 1960 cyrpus ones . 
  i have one with a fish that is my all time favourite by just design . 
  as much as i would adore the idea of independent greenland , but it wo n't work :\\ same reason the vikings abandoned some of it back in the day , there is n't enough - stuff - there to keep it going by it 's self . 
  it requires help and trade and resources from denmark to stay afloat . 
  but yea , i mean if they wanted it , they should have it . 
  yea i know 100 % it wont happen again . 
  there is too much of an international community against it happening again , that it wo n't . 
  a lot of irish people , including me have had family killed , abused and more by the british . 
  i will not move on and many others will not either . 
  it 's inexcusable , i do not blame the british people , i blame the government . 
  i can not and willnot move on from that . 
  i think we share cultural and historic ties . 
  but we would n't be best buds , given uh , we were kinda slaves for 800 years . 
  tralee is pretty nice , but i think that is pretty biased :p, 
  well ireland never had much in the way of a real king during the height of european monarchies , so i guess it could be cool . 
  i support the king of tory for a promotion, 
  as often as i can . 
  sometimes once a month , sometimes 4 times a year . 
  it all depends . 
  yea , 100 % . 
  it 's apart of europe ethically , politically ( well maybe not britain soon / s ) and historically . 
  i 'd love to go to poland again , eastern europe is pretty underrated . 
  yup . 
  :p as a southern irish . 
  i can confirm . 
  was n't there susosdbly some palestine-ira links anyway ? 
  czechia sounds cooler , but honestly i still call it czechoslovakia by accident all the damn time so i doubt my opinion counts for much here lol, 
  remove them entirely , and their army . 
  dismantle the country entirely , send them where ever they wish to go . 
  israel has caused a lot of the big fighting in the recent years . 
  firstly remove all foreign armies , that is n't helping . 
  then i think dismantling the state of israel will calm that down some more , and lastly , encourage more cooperation military wise , and economic wise between all of the middle east . 
  people ? 
  sure alright i guess . 
  culture ? 
  lots of it and too much for me to form an educated opinion . 
  government ? 
  could be better . 
  yea i kinda found their world war games bullshit .
