  americans did n't have much chance . 
  actually , i was taught this in school . 
  because poles are not against lgbt , nor do they support them . 
  are you gay/trans and you want to be president ? 
  sure , why not . 
  if you are better than your competitors . 
  you want same sex marriages ? 
  nope . 
  if such a candidate behaves normally and just once or twice will mentions that he is trans , then there will be no problem . 
  if this is going to be a person who will each time emphasize that she is so trans , and talk about lgbt stuff , then there is no chance to win . 
  hello germany . 
  do you remember partitions of poland ? 
  or teutonic knights ? 
  and we still did n't get the money for renting the land under your death camps , not to mention fine for pollution . 
  in poland , it 's probably similar to ireland . 
  1 ( 2 ) in three cases : - victims of rape ( until 12 weeks ) ; - when the pregnancy endangers the mother 's life ( without limits ) ; - when the fetus is seriously impaired ( until fetus achieve ability to live outside the mother 's body ) . 
  3 state . 
  4 if she is not legally incapacitated , no . 
  would sapkowski use the name of character from the lem book ( with a little error , but still ) as his user name ? 
  i do not think his ego would let him do it . 
  hello again mister straw man :p i never said that abortion is murder , at least not comparable to kill a man . 
  there 's a reason i use `` potential human being '' and not human . 
  i 'm not some religious bigot , i 'm an atheist . 
  i support the right to abortion for rape victims , and free access to the morning-after pill . 
  but i still believe that `` potential human being '' should be protected , and available today contraceptives make that abortion on demand is unnecessary . 
  which my analogy ? 
  no no no . 
  poles criticize only their own local productions . 
  we eat foreign cultural mush with zero complaining . 
   night watch this russian fantasy ? 
  i only played in video game i did n't know there was a movie . 
  maybe , i look at it from the polish perspective , the first stories were created in the 80s ( `` wied\u017amin '' , fantastyka 12 ( 51 ) 1986 ) , so he began to be popular long before the games . 
  i am a pole , i already know . 
  and as a typical pole i will complain , and criticize every little mistake :p . 
  if i remember correctly the number of possible combinations of human dna is ridiculously high . 
  but this is just math , most of these combinations never happen . 
  we can worry about all this hypothetical combinations of dna , or to be realistic and take care of those that have occurred . 
  do they deserve to live more than this hypothetical , maybe not , but those do n't exist . 
  movie already exists ( do not watch , it 's bad ) , and tv series ( also bad , though less ) . 
  but it all began with books . 
  please , not nazis !, 
  polish book for f * ck 's sake, 
  how did you get conclusions like this ? 
  i am against killing , always with the exception of self-defense . 
  it 's not a human yet , but it can be . 
  i think that every human embryo deserves a chance , not right , just chance , to life . 
  that 's how we all started , and i think we can at least do n't kill them moment after they start exist . 
  i am against killing of potential human being , because some woman has casual unprotected sex , and not think about the consequences . 
  you could say that i am against `` carpe diem '' , or today `` yolo '' :p . 
   you 're surprising me . 
  lots of people against abortion are also against that pill , as it 's technically after conception . 
  where do you draw the line then ? 
  this is not some magical thing with the soul for me . 
  if a woman has sex with protection and still became pregnant i consider it as an accident . 
  she definitely did n't want to get pregnant , and she did everything that this did n't happen . 
  why punish her ? 
  she did everything right . 
   every cell on our body has unique human dna . 
  my cells have my dna , it is not unique , and they ca n't become a new human . 
   the combination of egg and sperm is one of millions during only one event of conception - we shedding tears for the dna combinations that did n't make it ? 
  they 'd also be unique . 
  i 'm not talking about the possible combinations , i 'm talking about the conception which had happened . 
  such an embryo may die of natural causes , but if not it will become a human in the future . 
  more ? 
  as if you had n't noticed we do n't accept anyone from the middle east , and there is no indication that this will change in the future . 
  a talk like this radicalized poles even more . 
   peak for yourself - common borders of eu is the first step to creating a federal eu . 
  i wrote about the external borders . 
  for this same reason for which i support punishment of murderers and thieves . 
  because people should be responsible for their actions ? 
  pregnancy is not a thing that happens in a magical mystical way . 
  they flee to germany illegally , the more refugees we accept , the more will flee , and the bigger will be the pressure to not allow them to escape to the west . 
  not when it comes to the eu support . 
  even the majority of pis voters is in favor of the eu , more or less , but no one even thinks about leaving the union . 
  i was not thinking specifically about the refugees , rather about cultural and legal issues . 
  as for refugees from the middle east . 
  poles do n't want them in their country because they know that they will probably stay here forever . 
  muslim minorities in the west are problematic , we do n't want them here , we have enough of our problems . 
  if the west asks for help in the defense of the borders , we would probably send help . 
  but the west wants to relocate part of their problems to poland . 
  we can ( i even think that we want to ) help , but not in the way the west wants . 
  if this happens ( i hope not ) , we should arm them and send to the reconquista :p, 
  i 'm from the backward eastern europe :p . i do not feel responsible for the lives of strangers with whom i have nothing in common . 
  i am responsible for my family , myself , my actions , and people that was hurt by my actions . 
  i can help a wounded stranger on the street , but i do n't feel obliged to sacrifice for him . 
  then you have morning after pill ( unfortunately there is no such thing for the kidneys : < ) . 
  and if anyone forces you to damage someone kidney ( rape ) , then of course you are free . 
  and if you get drunk , and damage someone kidney , then , well , your responsibility does not magically disappear when you 're drunk or on drugs . 
  we have a slight split personality . 
  we want more european integration and at the same time we are very conservative , and do n't like a lot of things forced on us ( intentionally or not ) by the west . 
   i do n't think it is about `` yay russia '' as much as `` fuck the west '' . 
  and there is poland with `` fuck russia and the west ( a little ) '' :p . 
  if you 've consciously damaged his kidney , i could agree with that . 
  a raped woman is a victim , you cann ' t force her to be martyr . 
  in the future , we could consider transferring the embryo to the volunteer body , or some kind of artificial womb . 
  but at this point we must choose the lesser ( greater ? ), 
  evil . 
   so , what if the condom broke ? 
  morning-after pill ? 
  at least to the point where we will have a 100 % effective contraception .
