  they are dangerous only in the group and gather a group is getting harder and harder :p . 
  i have no plans to immigrate . 
  as long as they do n't throw stones at me on vacation , it 's fine :p . 
  oh please . 
  protestants believe in creationism and they take the bible literally !, 
   `` do you think all countries in the eu need to do their part in accommodating refugees ? '' . 
  that could be even worse . 
  this sentence is now associated with forced refugee quota . 
  recently i realized that many of the problematic individuals who lived in my area have emigrated , it 's getting safer every year . 
  thanks europe !, 
  wait , they translated kazimierz to casimir , but no tadeusz ? 
   these views in eastern europe are more like what russia has . 
  this is outrageous !, 
  i am very triggered right now . 
  so the average briton subconsciously know that poles do n't like strangers in their own country and that is why he does n't like them ? 
  and at the same time it does n't care about the values of the afghans and indians who , for example , consider that forced marriage is a good thing . 
  ok then . 
  maybe we 're bigots , but at least not hypocrites . 
   with the exceptions of very specific people you like , such as ukrainians who said that we love them ? 
  a large part of people still remember the massacre in the volyn region , but the majority considered it will be worthwhile to for both sides . 
   a portugese , german , or all these countries i mentioned are open to the idea of immigrants with brown skin - so long as they integrate . 
  problems in the fact that many of them do n't integrate , and there is no way to check who is who . 
  and in this case , instead of the higher values , we prefer mundane peace . 
  this rich west , instead of fireworks , they burn cars , real show of wealth, 
  you read a map ? 
   countries that are part of interrail the private company that sells passes . 
  simply they do n't have contracts with the railways companies in the baltic countries . 
   they mentioned the cultural differences : things like how many people live in a house , quite in particular the lack of ability to speak english , and things generally representative of a lack of integration . 
  these are not values , this are not even cultural differences . 
  many people living in one apartment is a typical immigration thing . 
  they do n't earn a lot so they save living together . 
  do you think that in poland people live huddled together in homes , if they are not poor families with many children , they do n't . 
  lack of knowledge of english or lack of integration , it is not a cultural difference , it is not a question of values , it is laziness and ignorance . 
  you expect that the average construction worker will be studied in free time , they will not , they are simple people , they do n't want to learn new things . 
   its not the job its the values . 
  you 've looked for a complicated explanation where it 's quite simple . 
  what values ? 
  you use big words that you ca n't support . 
  with what kind of incompatible `` polish values '' had contact the average briton ? 
  i look for complicated explanations , and you present a general unspecified reason . 
   there are southern europeans , particularly portugese who work for less than polish people , . 
  they are irrelevant , no one notices them . 
  in the uk lives 140,000 portuguese , compared to 830,000 poles , 220,000 romanians and 150,000 lithuanians . 
  replacing all the tracks in finland does not make much sense . 
  they are connected with sweden on one bridge , and probably no one goes that way to helsinki . 
  the baltic countries are small enough that replace all the tracks is possible . 
  i know , but for 1921 i can give some source ( unfortunately only in polish ) , if someone would disagree . 
  population of ireland dropped from 8 milions ( 1840s ) to 2.8 ( 1960s ) in a hundred years , now they have 4.5 million . 
  nobody said that the population must grow indefinitely . 
  this is not the first time in history . 
  plague , environmental disaster , famine , emigration , now we have a low birth rate , it could be worse . 
  relax . 
  ireland has half the population than it had in the xix century , it is not the end of the world, 
  it all depends on immigrants and the country . 
  britain is a multinational former colonial empire . 
  on the other hand , poland is 97 % polish , and 99.9 % white . 
  in the near future there is no chance that a black person will be seen as a pole . 
  if you are a muslim , but not a lipka tatar , you will not be seen as a pole . 
  on the other hand , if you are a vietnamese there is a very big chance that your grandchildren will be perceived as poles . 
  technically , we should already have some young third generation of vietnamese immigrants . 
  you have been rejected by the european railways . 
  you need to change that damn track gauge . 
  i did n't say anything about whether they deserve it or not , this is not my concern . 
  the way the media and brexit campaign presented immigrants from eastern europe , which gave rise to the current situation , emphasized primarily economic threat . 
  no one mentioned that the poles are bad because they do n't like muslims/gays/something and do n't share our values , they are bad because they steal our jobs . 
   germans/dutch/italians / spaniards/portugese people from these countries do n't emigrate to the british isles in large numbers to work for minimum wage . 
  how many germans emigrated to the uk to work as a garbage man , plumber or construction worker ? 
   i 'd think differently . 
  i correct myself . 
  people that cared about values , voted for remain , and lost . 
  it 's not simple . 
  but in practice you are a native when you and everyone around consider you as such . 
  it usually takes several generations . 
   but why should other countries open themselves to poles then ? 
  i do not know why , but they do it . 
  apparently they have some benefit from this . 
  or maybe they have ideological reasons ? 
  who knows . 
   its the values . 
  average briton does n't care about values . 
  values of the mena people do n't bother him either . 
  they see a large number of immigrants , performing unskilled jobs for less than the average englishman . 
  poles , as the biggest nation of eastern europe has the largest representation among immigrants , so they became the scapegoat . 
   it is a choice to have a closed society , a perfectly valid one , but it is a two way street and others ought to close themselves too . 
  no , it 's not . 
  we do not live in a black and white world . 
  we can agree to migration from one countries and hinder from others . 
  this is what poland is doing at the moment , facilitating immigration of people from ukraine . 
  you 're right . 
  west welcomes everyone , and we do not like people from mena , and virtually all of africa ( people from south america and some asian countries are also controversial ) . 
  but what is changing ? 
  we do n't complain about the mena countries , only the united kingdom . 
  great britain is ( still ) part of the eu , and poles could emigrate there with no problem . 
  uk agreed to this . 
  now they changed their mind , i understand , but agreement is still in force , and poles as eu citizens should not encounter racism . 
   the criterion is n't so much that you should be a pole in your mind , its more like you need to be ethnically ( white but preferably ~ ~ slavic ~ ~ pole ^ fixed :p ) it is really so controversial ? 
  it 's normal for me , but i grew up in one of the most homogeneous countries in the world , what do i know . 
   mena are basically outrageous even if they are safe and integrated they have a good advertising . 
  terrorist attacks , no-go zones , videos like this above , and many poles in emigration who say that they do n't like what is happening in the west . 
  this is obviously unfair to this mena people who integrate well , but we will not expose our society for them .
