  shall i give you a list of countries where adoption and marriage is legal ? 
  what does this have to do with it ? 
  more interesting would be some statistics , research . 
  how many children raised by same-sex relationships have at least 30 years ? 
  in what environment they grew up ? 
  are they differ from people brought up in traditional families ? 
  are they more prone to mental health problems or not ? 
  do they have any other problems or not ? 
   poles should n't have a thing to say . 
  that tyranny of the majority . 
  in the case of marriage , depending on the viewpoint . 
  in the case of the right to adopt , definitely not . 
   non traditional families happen and will exist . 
  i have never denied their existence . 
  parade itself shows that they exist . 
   you 're assuming you know better of the world and everyone should follow you 're perspective of the world . 
  this sentence fits both sides . 
  west assumes that they knows better than the world and everyone should follow their perspective of the world . 
  you see , it fits perfectly . 
   fortunately , not every pole is that stupid . 
  so , get used to it , because soon or later poland will also change . 
  if it affects your religious believes ( or other kind of believes ) , too bad . 
  maybe you did not notice , but i do not presented my views here . 
  i 'm just trying to understand both sides . 
  i ask questions , interpret the law and public opinion polls ( in different ways ) . 
  personally , at this point , i simply do n't care . 
   there are non traditional forms of family who are also valid and can be also successful maybe , maybe not . 
  polish constitution protects the traditional family , and therefore it has special privileges . 
  non traditional forms of family are unknown . 
  experimenting can harm children , is it worth it ? 
   like adoption or ivf poles are opposed to same-sex unions , not to mention marriage . 
  one of the main arguments is that after the approval of same-sex unions , gays will demand rights for adoption and that is why we should not agree to same-sex unions . 
  and so we have a vicious circle . 
  same-sex marriage may be valid if they adopt children , but they will not be allowed to adopt children . 
  without the adoption same-sex marriage are not that valid , and therefore will not be legalized . 
  nobody is perfect . 
  the world is not perfect . 
  but the marriage ( the traditional ) , has a chance to make and raise a child and become a happy traditional family . 
  same-sex couples ca n't make a child , and even if they succeeded , the creation of the traditional family would be very difficult if not impossible . 
  if we consider the raising of children , prohibition of divorce is also bad . 
  if parents do n't want to be together anymore , forcing them to continue living together is not good for children . 
  the family ( in this case it mean traditional family ) is best for children , but dysfunctional family not necessarily . 
  why ? 
  divorces do n't kill children , they allow you to marry again , and make another children . 
   there are not a simple article on the laws of marriage who require children . 
  when you want to change the law , the law is not a good argument . 
  article 18 of the constitution : `` marriage , being a union of a man and a woman , as well as the family , motherhood and parenthood , shall be placed under the protection and care of the republic of poland . '', 
  crimes ? 
  what crimes ? 
  in poland ? 
  sure there are some isolated cases of violence against gay men , but it is not particularly exposed social group . 
  but we were not an absolute monarchy . 
  kings of commonwealth had limited power and were not hereditary . 
  it 's hard to call it a personal union, 
  because it looks just like that . 
  when i was a student , during the religion classes the majority of students doing their homework or eating breakfast . 
  and priest showed us some poor quality films about jesus . 
  i came here to write the same thing :p, 
  first of all , i 'm an atheist . 
  and my opposition to abortion has nothing to do with religion . 
  as for the `` violinist example '' . 
  for me there is a difference between killing by using lethal force ( death is certain ) and killing by letting die ( survival is possible , at least theoretically ) . 
  but let us assume it does n't matter . 
  if we would live in the xix century , then i would agree with that . 
  but we live in the xxi century . 
  if a woman voluntarily having sex without protection , she must take responsibility for the lives that can be created . 
  maybe with the exception of some african villages , they probably do n't know how it works . 
  if i consciously created a true artificial intelligence , i have the right to kill them or not ? 
  in an ideal world ( maybe in the future ) there was a possibility to remove the fetus without killing him , then there would be no problem , but we do n't live in a perfect world . 
  as for the drugs . 
  that was a slight generalization . 
  the point is that they can harm others . 
  if you smoke cigarettes ( alone ) , then you do n't harm anyone . 
  but drugs are psychoactive substances , and there is a possibility that you can hurt someone while you are under the influence of drugs . 
  of course you can say that there are drugs after which a person is calm and there is no way to hurt someone . 
  ok then , if you have evidence , research , and other stuff , then i have no objection against the legalization of this substance . 
  still i will not take them , but whatever . 
  of course , you will need to update the law against driving under the influence , and find a way to quickly detect this substance . 
  we already have alcohol that creates a lot of pathology ( and clearly shows that drugs can harm the people around . . ) and i do n't think that the introduction of next drugs improve the situation . 
  this is probably the most `` philosophical '' thing i wrote in english . 
  i 'm sorry if in some places it makes no sense :p . 
  prostitution in poland is not banned , it is simply not legalized . 
  i am against punishing people for taking drugs , but i 'm also against their legalization . 
  in the case of abortion there is a conflict of interest between mother and fetus , and that 's why it 's so controversial , and that 's why it 's banned in mostly cases . 
   abortion on demand is one of the most basic human rights it depends on whether you treat the fetus as a human being or not . 
  if yes , then it is against human rights . 
   legalized abortion , drugs and prostitution have worked very well in countries where it 's been done , getting rid of illegal drugs trade and corruption and violence that was attached to it , legalized prostitution has improved quality of work of sex workers and gave them rights and protection . 
  we look at it from two different sides . 
  in my view , the law should be consistent with morality . 
  for me legalization equals acceptance . 
  if we legalize something like prostitution , we tell people `` this is good , enjoy !, 
  '' , but really it is not . 
  it stinks of moral relativism . 
   the thing is that abortion is really easy to get in poland , or you can always go abroad . 
  this does not mean that we should legalize it . 
  we might as well legalize prostitution or drugs . 
  after all , they are so easily accessible . 
  today , to get unwanted pregnancy you are either stupid , or have much bad luck . 
  i see no reason to legalize abortion on demand . 
  from today 's point of view , you 're right .
