  our history practically forces us to help our allies . 
   we are more or less the most anti russian nation on earth . 
  are you sure about that ? 
   likelihood of violent demonstrations what ?!, 
  we had slightly violent demonstrations during the previous government . 
  recently , there were not even any fights with the police or counter-demonstration . 
  and nothing indicate that something like this will happen . 
  state forests do not even have authority over the bia\u0142owie\u017ca national park . 
  we live in the 21st century and greenpeace claims that the trees are cut in unesco protected areas , and there is no evidence of it . 
  woodcutters entering illegally , with heavy equipment , into the national park are probably not difficult to catch . 
   classy please , this is [ classy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qticzce0uy ) or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzklijgxuti ) . 
  i grew up with this movie , and always hear this music when someone mention about hussars . 
   what about the countries bordering the mediterranean sea ? 
  is it really safe and efficient to have your aircrafts travel all the way from european air bases ? 
  of course it is . 
  you can send more planes , carrying more weapons , and it 's cheaper . 
  nowadays , with modern radars , and anti-ship missile systems , sending an aircraft carrier to a closed sea , even as large as a mediterranean sea , is a big risk . 
   i ca n't see how the eu would be independent from the us without enough power to protect its own maritime routes you do n't need nuclear aircraft carriers to defend the maritime routes , some smaller aircraft carriers will be enough unless we fight the usa . 
   or to intervene into the mediterranea . 
  aircraft carriers are useless in the mediterranean sea . 
  the whole mediterranean area is within range of aircrafts taking off from european air bases . 
  american supercarriers are primarily used to gain air superiority over hostile territory away from us air bases . 
  the eu has no intention of becoming a global superpower , and aircraft carriers are not very useful in europe . 
  several aircraft carriers would have come in handy , but we do n't need them to defend ourselves . 
  yes , because pole is worth more !!!, 
  :p besides , such a cold calculation and saying that we should take refugees knowing that some of us will die will not pass in poland . 
  still harder than france . 
  one of the major world powers . 
  and despite the occupation we were the 4th largest allied army in europe . 
   their freedom of press is comparable to african country now all major tv stations except public are anti-government , most major newspapers are anti-government . 
  i do not see where freedom of press is limited . 
  this is one of the parts that the current government and the president think are good . 
  these will stay :p . 
  the area protected by unesco are located in the bialowieza national park . 
  the bia\u0142owie\u017ca national park does not fall under the state forest , so foresters ca n't cut trees there . 
  the bialowieza forest outside of the national park , for the most part , is not a primeval forest and is therefore not part of the park . 
  remember that without nato , we have only 300 french warheads in the eu . 
  i read somewhere that to break through previous system a-35 , nato would need at least 200 warheads . 
  without the support of the west , it makes no sense . 
  because they have a problem with immigrants , not us . 
  moscow is one of the best-protected cities in case of nuclear attack . 
  a-135 , anti-ballistic missile system , with nuclear-tipped anti-ballistic missiles . 
   what the eu should do , is use it 's armed forces to stop the smugglers - this will have a political price , but its better than the death by papercuts `` we '' are currently enduring . 
  just ask poland . 
  polish government sending army to protect borders of the european union ? 
  that 's at least +20 public support . 
  we have our own specific catholicism , mixed with patriotism and nationalism . 
  this is not a classic racism . 
  black american in poland is our noble american ally ( unless someone takes him as an african ) , black man from africa is just black from africa . 
  i recognize this post as admission to blasphemy . 
  i 'm sending an inquisition patrol after you . 
  pis would win the election anyway , but without immigrant crisis they would n't win by majority . 
  of course not . 
  propose a solution that does not endanger our women and children and we will be happy to help . 
  today there are no conditions for this . 
  hollywood has achieved such success because everything was in one place , which gave more possibilities and it was cheaper . 
  today in the era of internet , and special effects , with cheap and fast transport it 's not so important . 
   who would command it ? 
    what language would orders be issued in ? 
  this is not so important . 
  what if the commander orders a tactical retreat from the capital of a member state and leaves it to the enemy ? 
  it would n't work . 
  after crossing the sea , the electricity becomes a cheap eastern electricity , after returning it again would become an expensive , clean and progressive scandinavian electricity . 
  you are bad at politics . 
  you will sign that you will introduce euro when you meet the requirements , and then make sure you never meet the requirements . 
  and they are also against . 
  very soon they would become a minority . 
  this small fraction is a threat to polish citizens and there is no way to separate them . 
  we should use descriptions , like in the books `` i turned and said sarcastically - literally hitler '' , or start promoting this [ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irony_punctuation ) , '' / s '' was a temporary solution . 
  it is correct and fully compatible with the meme language . 
  http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/013/289/3toarf.jpg i forgot to add '' / s '' once , and people already have a problem . 
  i admit it was better , but it was still awful !!, 
  besides , galicia was a silly name , who invented it ? 
  did you think that you annexed part of spain or what ? 
  poland was a socialist state since the end of world war ii . 
  hard to be a conservative capitalist when all you remember from childhood is socialism . 
  and in polish pwn dictionary , we have nacjonalizm `` postawa i ideologia uznaj\u0105ca interes w\u0142asnego narodu za warto\u015b\u0107 najwy\u017csz\u0105 '' nationalism `` attitude and ideology that recognizes the interests of their own nation as the highest value '' we communicate in english , so we can agree with your definition , but the problem of understanding each other remains . 
   for your and our freedom !, 
  it 's touching when someone mentions our motto . 
  she participated in the first partition of poland . 
  literally hitler , in skirt . 
  do you know that poles living in poland and emigrating to the west are two different groups ? 
  what is in the interests of first ones is not necessarily in the interests of the others . 
  now it 's pure trolling :p, 
  because they are refugees , not legal immigrants . 
  they should go home when it 's safe . 
  the problem is that mena countries are one big mess , and in addition , there is no legal possibility of forcing them to return , as they are here , they can stay here , and the vast majority will stay in europe rather than return to their poor ruined countries . 
  there is no support for this in poland . 
  and that means that no sane polish politician will agree to relocate refugees to poland . 
  even previous ruling party that agreed to accept the refugees , thus losing the last election , now , a surprise , is against . 
  of course . 
  you can ask for help in securing borders , or for help in transport of refugees to their countries of origin . 
  i 'm sure that this would get social support , and probably support of the polish government . 
  we can help but we do n't want refugees from mena in our country because there is no guarantee that they will ever leave , and long-term immigration from these countries in western europe shows that this is not a good idea . 
   i do n't think people actually care about immigration at all . 
  until the refugees are located in your city . 
  i said nothing about building industry . 
  we need devices on which we are 100 % sure that they are secured . 
  if we could get such devices from china , why not ? 
  if not , maybe someone will open a factory in europe if the public tender will be big enough .
