  when i wrote about the partitions , i mean the entire plc. 
  do n't count on it . 
  russians still have our things stolen during the partitions . 
  not to mention the sweden and deluge . 
  yes , the weapon must use the standard nato ammunition , probably the same is true in the case of the width of transport platforms etc. 
  but still every european army uses different weapons and vehicles . 
  we use 3 different modern tanks in europe ( britain no longer count ) . 
  when we will combine our armies , the development of three different tanks will not make sense . 
  in poland we still have military industry producing guns and armored vehicles . 
  in the near future , our army has to get a new assault rifles , designed and manufactured in poland . 
  european army will probably use one type of assault rifle . 
  if we are lucky they will be produced in poland , but almost certainly not designed . 
  citing the above article : `` we have 38 different armoured transport vehicles in the eu , that 's a waste of money , '', 
  i have n't seen this for years . 
  and i still have nightmares . 
  what about cambria ? 
  european army will probably leads to standardized equipment . 
  the only thing we can hope for is a production on license . 
  citizens , legal immigrants and tourists are equal . 
  you treat legal immigrants the same as citizens , because you want that your citizens are treated the same way in other countries . 
  illegal immigrants came to the country illegally , so they cann ' t be treated equally with citizens . 
  refugees are a special case , you feed them , give place to sleep , and after the war , send them home . 
  you 're not owe them anything more , except to citizens of an allied country . 
   how would that not lead to social unrest ? 
  what kind of social unrest ? 
  illegal immigrants and refugees are not part of your society . 
  what 's more they can increase social unrest . 
  why do you think the popularity of right-wing parties suddenly increases ? 
  legal immigrants are here ( surprise ) legally . 
  they have been checked before entering the country , or came under an agreement with another country , so your citizens can go there too , without checking . 
  poor and uneducated , are also your citizens , as a government you have to care for them . 
  illegal immigrants and refugees are less important from the point of view of the government . 
  treating them worse , to ensure the safety of citizens is reasonable . 
  because they are legal immigrants . 
  we are part of the union remember ? 
  you can always do some * exit , and close the borders . 
   so let a really big majority should be treated badly because of a misbehavior of a small minority ? 
  if some of them may endanger life and health of citizens ? 
  yes . 
  we do n't hurt them , but we make sure they do n't harm any of us . 
  nowadays ? 
  when i was in high school four years ago , more than half of teenagers have right-wing views . 
  it did n't happen overnight . 
  and we eat mainly chicken and pork . 
  but why eat everyday food in the holidays ? 
  it 's a special day , it 's better to eat something special . 
   carp are a pest that the country is trying to exterminate . 
  just bring some poles !, 
  we can eat them . 
  and i heard that you have a problem with rabbits ( or hares ? ) . 
  we also eat them , occasionally . 
  in poland , traditionally we do n't eat meat on christmas eve ( from the catholic point of view , fish is not meat ) . 
  carp is another tradition , because there was no other fish to buy in commie times . 
  besides , i thought that you eat something more interesting , a kangaroo or crocodile . 
  wait , it means that we do n't have such regulations ? 
  i eat chinese food without control ? 
  it looks as if people in the west have forgotten that the government has primarily serve and protect the citizens . 
  if i remember , one of the conditions for admission to the schengen was the country 's ability to control its own borders . 
  has anyone checked greece ? 
  why ? 
  they broke the law . 
  prison or deportation . 
  why even distinguish gender/sex in the law . 
  it is better to completely eliminate this concept , instead better to introduce sex chromosome . 
  there is no need to change something you ca n't change . 
  i do not know if it makes sense , my law vocabulary is poor . 
  so they are the only ones who still continue our european traditions . 
  helping some strangers at the cost of lives their citizens , good job . 
  of course , it should be illegal to offer paid services or products . 
  do you want to bathe in a decoction of something something , your business . 
  no , it only postpones the real treatment for later , making them more difficult . 
  pseudoscience is not as big a threat , the whole alternative medicine is . 
  all forms of treatment should first be approved by some sort of council of doctors . 
  everything that has not been approved should be illegal . 
  i do n't know , probably money , and homeopathy is not so controversial . 
  but banning each pseudo-medicine separately is stupid , we can do that forever . 
  we ban all or nothing . 
   eastern europeans are idiots for jumping on the anti immigrant train , they shoot themselves in the foot . 
  i live in poland and i 'm not intend to emigrate . 
  polish immigration policy is my concern . 
  problems of immigrants in the west do not . 
  why it should be banned ? 
  why homeopathy is not banned in europe ? 
  leaders ? 
  maybe not . 
  but voters on the other hand ... 
  stereotypical japanese is a super perfectionist , who commits seppuku when someone gets sick from his food . 
  on the other hand , the stereotypical american is a fat man in a mcdonald 's . 
  so , no . 
  there is not many concerns in society . 
  titling jesus as king of the poland is harmless . 
  mary is the queen of poland since the sixteenth century , and you know what that means ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  and here we have a situation in which a child has no right to proper education , because his mother lives in some sect . 
  and it 's all under the laws . 
  we somehow do n't have a problem with all this creationism , not counting those few who have read some protestant nonsense and believed in it . 
   if russia has placed heavy anti-ship and anti-air batteries in kaliningrad . 
  they are already there , and almost entire polish airspace is within their range . 
  and people say that we have a problem with religion . 
  it is not surprising , romania has a large hungarian minority .
