  but we still have three years to the next election . 
  remember that the po is the only party that ruled 2 term , and they needed a coalition partner to do so . 
  you did n't even read the link . 
  it was a study conducted by the cbos . 
  cbos survey are conducted in homes . 
  cbos is controversial because it is funded by the state . 
  but [ research ] ( http://www.cbos.pl/spiskom.pol/2016/k_051_16.pdf ) shows that people do n't want change . 
   scores of women then walked out in protest , their exodus filmed in famous churches such as st mary 's basilica in gdansk and st anne 's church in warsaw . 
  oh please . 
  this provocation ? 
  they come to church just to get out . 
  television cameras waited until a few women ( definitely not enough to call it exodus ) come out of the church . 
  big deal . 
   a supposedly independent lobbying committee , stop abortion , collected the 100,000 signatures required to present the abortion ban bill to parliament ; only the church could approve such a bill ; and the all-catholic law and justice party could only obey the church . 
  no , they do n't . 
  this bill has little chance to pass . 
  law and justice is in this case divided and among opposition parties that bill ( only partially ) is supported only by psl . 
  according to the [ polls ] ( http://www.pap.pl/serwisy-zewnetrzne/csi/news,498405,most-poles-against-total-abortion-ban---poll.html ) ~ 70 % of poles support the current abortion law . 
  even if the abortion ban passed , at the next elections the current law will be restored . 
  do n't panic . 
  we have x-winged hussars . 
  perhaps . 
  but by 2022 they should n't have a monopoly anymore . 
  we have a gas terminal , maybe we will have a pipeline to norway . 
  it can help us in the negotiations . 
  simple is n't it ? 
  we were never anti-lgbt , and we are also not pro-lgbt . 
  west punished for homosexuality for years and is now trying to atone . 
  if turing lived in poland , he would have died a natural death ( or died in a communist prison ), 
  lessons are optional and created mainly because of the nato summit . 
  if i remember correctly similar lessons about the eu were made shortly before polish accession to the eu . 
  end of long-term gas deliveries , it does n't mean that we give up on russian gas . 
  we will just sign short-term contracts . 
  it 's still the cheapest gas , but thanks to this we will be more flexible . 
  all you need is more of catholicism . 
  at least they do n't deny evolution, 
  just in poland we have more than 400 castles and fortresses , you think it 's easy to keep them in good condition and fill the crew ? 
  in montenegro , it is even worse , they need maintain austrian forts . 
  why . 
  why you destroy my world ? 
  on the other hand , it 's just americans , they have scientologists . 
  maybe it such trolls from real life , i hope . 
   ( plus to some extremists that 's they 're speech exactly ) . 
  it 's trolling . 
  i do n't believe that such people exist , otherwise i would have lost faith in humanity . 
  i thought it would be clear enough even without the designation , but for sure i added a '' / s '' from [ / sarcasm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irony_punctuation#other_typography ) . 
  next time i will try to add some kind of big banner . 
  we do n't legalize homosexuality . 
  we simply do n't banned it . 
  why should we ? 
  everyone here were and are catholics , there are no gays here . 
  we do n't need such a law . 
  / s but seriously . 
  it would probably be too easy to accuse a nobleman of homosexuality . 
  i can agree to the new polish-lithuanian commonwealth , optionally some big slavic ( except russia :p ) nation . 
  we have a lot in common with western europe , but we are still too different to unite . 
  current refugee crisis clearly showed it . 
  it makes sense . 
  member states are not some administrative regions , but equal sovereign entities . 
  but we already have the council of the european union . 
  the other thing is that the current european parliament , in its current form and powers , does not really matter . 
  belarusians say that he was born in vitebsk . 
  in poland , it does n't matter . 
  we treat the whole history of plc as part of our history . 
  poland was connected with the grand duchy of lithuania for 400 years , was part of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth for over 200 years . 
  from an economic point of view it worked great . 
  from the military point of view it was ok . of course , sometimes the nobles from greater poland did n't want to pay for the war in defense of ukraine because `` it 's not our problem '' :p , but it worked for some time . 
  but from a cultural point of view , polish culture slowly and peacefully dominated the rest . 
  and here is the problem . 
  i do n't like such a prospect . 
  when i go to the czech republic i want to see people speaking czech . 
  when i 'm in italy , i want to hear italian . 
  i do not want to wake up in europe where all speak in german . 
  recent attempts to force member countries to accept immigrants only increase my concerns . 
  does facebook have f2a ? 
  or twitter ? 
  if so , i see a small problem . 
  besides what if i change my password during my stay in the usa , they will send swat after me ? 
   and really , the witcher 3 was ciri 's story just not from ciri 's pov . 
  just like entire witcher saga . 
  sorry :p , it 's sunday night , it 's hard to focus on the text . 
  where ? 
  on the border with turkey ? 
  everywhere else between europe and africa is the sea , it is difficult to build a wall there . 
  we need to increase the number of patrol boats and most important they ca n't ferry them to europe . 
   new lamborghini will mainly be used for transporting organs and blood to save lives . 
  would n't helicopter be cheaper to this job ? 
  traditional telephone calls were never safe . 
  so if you really have something to hide , then you should n't talk about it during the phone call . 
  as for smartphones , if you really need a secure smartphone , you can install a replicant . 
  it 's android , but without google closed software . 
  unfortunately , it means that most software does n't work . 
  most popular applications have open source alternatives , although their quality varies , except for social media ( except reddit :p ) . 
  i used this system for half a year , the phone is fully usable , except social media ( and it did n't have drivers for camera ) , but it 's a choice between convenience and privacy . 
  i found that i do n't need it , i live in poland in some small town , do n't conduct illegal activities , do n't work in an important position , and i do n't deal with politics . 
   then they 'll propably force backdoors on the os assuming you mean operating system , there is something like open source , an there is linux , open source operating system . 
  they ca n't force a group of people around the world to place backdoors in open source software . 
  at most they may prohibit citizens from participating in the development of such software . 
  as for the hardware , for now it is not a big threat . 
  i recommend reading this `` salt sugar fat : how the food giants hooked us '' .
