  there are exceptions of course , but the fewer of them the better . 
   they ca n't choose people who actively want to violate the constitution , that 's all . 
  but they can choose people who want to change the constitution . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  religious people have the right to choose their representatives . 
  if you ban religious parties , you limit the rights of these people . 
  you can as well ban religion . 
  why eastern europeans , most of whom do not intend to emigrate , should care ? 
  people who live here are interested in the local immigration , not what people from west think about ee immigrants . 
  since when europa do n't respect international law ? 
  especially that important . 
  i thought that most of the churches in the netherlands is protestant . 
  maybe they do n't know to what churches they go ? 
  on the other hand , plc , despite the greater integration than the current eu had two separate armies , which most of the time were doing quite well . 
   so whenever i speak of a eu army , this is what i mean . 
  so we are talking about something that does not have a chance to appear in next decade , if at all . 
   and i think you should assume that any hypothetical eu army immediately implies the things i described above . 
  yes , i agree , but everyone here is talking about eu army as if it had chance to start exist in few years , but it is not . 
  and we need a solution that will work now , with the current eu , not some fictional european federation . 
  are all american speeches will now sound like from `` independence day '' ? 
  or they were always like this ? 
  excuses, 
  this is not funny !, 
  they should come here and take their part of snow . 
  i do not doubt . 
  but who will decide how to use that army ? 
  the european union is fairly divided , we do not have a common foreign policy . 
  as i wrote in a comment below at this moment the individual armies should be subordinate to national governments . 
  we can create nato insiede eu , but everything further depends on how eu will look in future . 
  in the ( fairly religious ) poland we have politicians who take part in religious ceremonies ( like a declaration jesus a king ) , and the priests take part in state ceremonies . 
  but still all these `` god bless america '' , and the rest of the speech was very cheap in my opinion . 
  it reminds me of all this speeches from movies like `` independence day '', 
   i think that it 's great idea . 
  i do not have nothing against it , but it will not be easy . 
   i do n't get it why some countries are more equal than other . 
  because we do not live in a perfect world ? 
  there is this organization called the united nations , where a few countries can block all resolutions , even if all other countries support it . 
  we lose the ability to defend ourselves in case the west thought that it is not worth it . 
  i am not strongly against the european army , but i think that we are to divided to make it work . 
  we can copy the structure of nato within the eu and join efforts in the weapon development . 
  but the individual armies should still be subordinate to national governments . 
  in the future , we can consider further integration , but we are far from that . 
  no , we are not able to stop russia alone , but polish army will certainly try , there are doubts whether the european army will do the same . 
  what if we incur heavy losses and russia demanded estonia in exchange for peace ? 
  what losses is able to bear the west to defend the countries of eastern europe ? 
  or vice versa . 
  what losses is able to bear the eastern europe in the defense of french guiana . 
  i assume the worst . 
  defense of the baltic states is virtually impossible , withdraw from there in case of attack , and handle kaliningrad first , is the most sensible thing to do , but not very nice for the people living there . 
  national army will rather not give up part of its territory without a fight . 
  do european army will do the same ? 
  true , no one checks this , but several people were convicted . 
   put some mrbm with nuclear warheads in poland and romania , eventually some cruise missiles armed with nukes , completed with some air launched cruise missiles in germany and italy and rise the number of french ssbn , up to 9 ( eventually put some of them in a base in spain , like 6 in france and 3 in spain ) . 
  you know that there is such a thing as the `` treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons . '', 
  try to convince russia ( or the entire un ) that the nuclear warheads in poland is a good thing . 
   french foreign legion is swarming with polish recruits . 
  most of whom are doing it illegally . 
  according to the polish law polish citizen ca n't serve in a foreign army without the permission of the minister of internal affairs . 
   and i 've already outlined why . 
  integration is what prevents that . 
  it will be difficult to convince poland and other ee countries to give up their armies , and defence plans and merge them into european army . 
  what if in case of russia attack , european army command will give order to withdraw to the oder line ? 
  even if tactically it would be a brilliant move . 
  it would not be so good for us . 
  sweden . 
  we need to talk about snow quota . 
  i read somewhere that nato command took into account rebellion of the polish army in case of war . 
  no , but survived for over 200 years . 
  and it probably last longer , if not the participations . 
  at the end we even had the constitution . 
   historically the only successful multi-ethnic entities were empires polish-lithuanian commonwealth was not an empire and lasted quite a long time . 
  choose a different order . 
  we not beat them at grunwald to restore them now . 
  why ? 
  uk intends to leave the eu . 
  latin was also symbol of superiority , the same awaits every artificial language that will be certainly used only by politicians , lawyer and bureaucracy . 
  not again . 
  it would n't be easier just to simplify english ? 
  a large part of europeans already know it in varying degree . 
  tuna vs carp ? 
  i would say that this is a very eastern european vision of the eu . 
  as for the european army , for now we can start from combine our efforts on the weapons development . 
   the first reason i disagree with this is because we do n't know what true ai actually is ( it 's an unknown unknown ) , neither do we know what is self-awareness or intelligence . 
  but thousand years is a long time . 
  a thousand years ago we had no idea of zero in europe , and today we have the internet ! ^ ( and nukes ) i think we we are able to figure out how to make the ai in more or less 100 years . 
   the second reason is more practical , because true ai will in all likelihood need an absurdly high amount of processing power to function at all . 
  that 's why i wrote `` in the lab . '', 
  we do not really need a true ai , it 's a waste of resources . 
  landing on the moon also did not make sense , the us has issued millions of dollars to stick the flag ( ok , they were political reasons , but it does not matter ) . 
  people will create ai because they can ( and for political reasons ) . 
  i think that we can create true artificial intelligence in the next 50-100 years . 
  in the lab . 
  why install something like this in cars , robo-cleaner , vending machine , or robo-whatever ? 
  there is no need for such computing power in places like this . 
  they can be useful for data analysis , installed somewhere on servers , but i do not know if we necessarily need true intelligence for that . 
  please . 
  this problem will concern our children/grandchildren if at all . 
  it makes no sense to consider intelligent machines in the law if they do not exist . 
  rather poor generalization . 
  i hope that they at least have a remote-controlled cork or something .
