  but i do not intend to teach the germans how to recognize germans . 
  edit : if your parents were polish , but you would be adopted by the germans , then you would be a german . 
  otherwise you are too polish to be german . 
  please , not yalta again . 
  that was rather a few years ago , now it 's a rich , rotten and decadent west, 
  if it would happen today ? 
  civil war , guerrilla warfare , or martial law , hard to say . 
  the deluge by henryk sienkiewicz . 
  or pan tadeusz by adam mickiewicz , but i do n't know how good are translations because the book is written in polish alexandrine . 
  maybe he grew up in the countryside ? 
  i 'm 25 now and grew up in a village with 100 inhabitants . 
  everyone knew everyone so sending a 5 year old child to the only shop in the village was not so strange . 
  we are ex-commie . 
  there is only a proletariat . 
  i do not know , we only have a few thousand muslims . 
  migration crisis certainly did n't help them . 
  yes , but we bought the cheapest outlets they had in the store :p, 
  you mean , just like we did with the soviet union ? 
  if they would also promised that they nuke berlin and moscow , i would consider it . 
  rather the whole situation around them and how eu is trying to cope with it . 
  three years ago i 'd say yes , i 'm not so sure now . 
  in poland , because the most popular reader is kindle , and there is no amazon in poland , ebooks without drm are de facto standard . 
  and this makes borrowing ebooks through libraries impossible because they ca n't control a rented book , or makes no sense because most readers will not be able to read a book protected by drm on their device . 
  several major libraries have introduced this option but none of the solutions work on most e-readers , and all of them do n't work on the kindle . 
   at least we could talk about immigration we are in the minority right now , criticized by the mainstream media . 
  we could talk but we would still be voting . 
   maybe it 's too soon ? 
  especially for gra\u017cyna , janusz do n't come back either . 
  yea . 
  was n't the us secretly supporting pol pot ? 
  justified ? 
  maybe . 
  would i go fight ? 
  probably not . 
  except for some polish genocide of course . 
  union of lublin 1569 everyone had some victorious wars or great conquests , but the peaceful union of two countries does n't happen so often . 
  we also had a few smaller ones . 
  are you religious ? 
  if not , why do you want to stick to the traditional definition of marriage ? 
   ( except your own ) ? 
  lithuania . 
  because half of their history is also polish history :p, 
  i think for now we should copy the structure of nato at eu level . 
  thanks to that we will be more independent of the us , and we will be able to gradually increase integration . 
  i can still say everything . 
  opinions may be socially unacceptable , but not words . 
  with the exception of people that like to imitate the west in everything . 
  we buy such bread only to make toast . 
  most of them have a `` tost '' ( toast ) or `` tostowy '' on the package . 
  http://www.opinie.egospodarka.pl/zdjecia/pieczywo/chleb-tostowy-23276-big.jpg normal sliced bread looks like this : http://konkol.pl/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/chleb-kanapkowy-krojony-m.jpg, 
  far-right by western standards , most of my friends and family . 
  according to local standards , no one . 
   there has never been a real national state who was n't guilty of the most horrible crimes . 
  in our case , this was done by the ussr , we have almost clean hands :p . 
  let 's hope you will behave more like de gaulle or napoleon , and less like petain :d, 
  ok , i can agree on that , but you have to build a little more of them . 
   in my view , the eu is too diverse for a united military to function . 
  do you really think that us french will take any orders from the english ? 
  i think the french , german , spanish etc. 
  militaries would be more effective cooperating than one eu military being mixed together , but i 'm not an expert on this so i 'm not sure . 
  i do n't think that 's a big problem . 
  we were able to work 70 years ago during the second world war , why not now . 
   maybe ask the basques when 97 % of polish citizens are poles , it can create a false image of nation states . 
  on the other hand , if more than one nation lives in a nation state , can it still be called a nation state ? 
   but i am still confused why you think anyone wants to slice you up into several parts . 
  many times on r/europe and r/askeurope i read the opinion that the european countries should be divided into equal parts so that the european parliament can represent them equally . 
  i assumed that you were one of those people . 
   that 's what national states do . 
  not from polish point of view , this may be the reason for misunderstanding . 
   it actually happened more than once , did n't it ? 
  once , in three phases . 
   good thing that you overcame this all . 
  i always had a sense of admiration for poland for how you managed to get back on your feet after every disaster inflicted on you . 
  only 123 years , and 45 years of communism . 
  before that we had over 400 years of prosperity . 
  in the meantime we had the teutonic knights , the deluge and the khmelnytsky uprising , but compared to the rest of europe it was n't that bad . 
  the russian empire , prussia , and the austrian empire . 
  they even did it legally , they forced us to sign the partition treaty . 
  if someone mentions the division of the country , this is the first association of most poles . 
  and 97 % of polish citizens identify themselves first as pole . 
  if you want to protect identities , you ca n't artificially split them into pieces . 
   `` now , you have to split , there 's no more czech republic , nation states are so a thing of the past '' actually , we were already in that situation . 
  we did n't like it . 
  no one asked us then , but i do n't see much difference . 
   a united europe would do more for regional identity than national states . 
  what if there is no regional identity ? 
  like in poland . 
  we have silesia , but the rest of the country is rather unified . 
  will use create a local identity ? 
  same with poland . 
  we do n't even have specific historical borders between regions . 
  in the past 100 years , we have changed the layout and number of voivodeships 7 times . 
  i approve . 
  our police and army are still living in the shadow of communist predecessors , some respect would be nice . 
  discovery , colonialisation , american war of independence , ko\u015bciuszko , pu\u0142aski , civil war , wwi , wwii , cold war . 
  it depends how well your nukes in turkey are protected . 
  when allied pilots landed in their land , they also let them go back , on foot . 
  you ca n't do this without eliminating countries and changing them to the another level of local administration , they are not subordinate states like in the us . 
  you would have to change the union into a federation , and it 's too early for that . 
  i would n't worry about extremists at european level .
