this will only increase support for right-wing parties . 
  thanks eu . 
  i did n't notice it :( . 
  who would have expected so many south slavic so far to the north ? 
  but still . 
  we are the most yellow country on this map !, 
  poland . 
  most slavic country in the world . 
   anyone without blonde hair + blue eyes combination can be attacked in poland poland is not nazi germany , you do n't have to look like an aryan :p . simply they thought that he was an arab because of the skin color . 
  czechoslovakia did the same in [ 1919 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_war ) . 
  when hitler occupied czechoslovakia , poland had to choose to leave the polish majority inhabiting zaolzie or take zaolzie before germans do it . 
   nevertheless , the polish leader , colonel j\u00f3zef beck , believed that warsaw should act rapidly to forestall the german occupation of the city . 
  at noon on 30 september , poland gave an ultimatum to the czechoslovak government . 
  it demanded the immediate evacuation of czechoslovak troops and police and gave prague time until noon the following day . 
  at 11:45 a.m. on 1 october the czechoslovak foreign ministry called the polish ambassador in prague and told him that poland could have what it wanted . 
  the polish army , commanded by general w\u0142adys\u0142aw bortnowski , annexed an area of 801.5 km \u00b2 with a population of 227,399 people . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zaolzie#part_of_poland_.281938.e2.80.931939.29 ), 
  you know why ? 
  fences . 
  it looks like all the defaults homes in the sims . 
  i always built a fence . 
  or how czechoslovakia militarily occupied zaolzie when poland fought against soviet union . 
  i mean that people from post-communist countries do not need to be less religious . 
  i should use word `` correlation '' instead of `` connection '' . 
  translation error , sorry : p. 
  there is no connection between religiosity and communism , see poland, 
  monument for the aggressors . 
  what a great idea . 
  only 500 ? 
  wtf ? 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  pis wanted to change the law in-vitro does n't prohibit it . 
  they wanted to limit the number of embryos created and prohibit the destruction of healthy embryos . 
  i do n't know where did you get the idea of labeling people . 
  the current attempt to ban abortion is a civic project , not pis . 
  part of their electorate supports it , some do not . 
  for pis this is a big problem , and they are trying to delay a vote on this act . 
  from the ( today ) french point of view , you 're right . 
  aside from the fact that countries you are talking about were not nation states , so it was hard to talk about integration . 
  nice trolling btw . 
   few care about monogamy , and few who engage with it show it the respect it used to enjoy . 
  it makes no sense to hold it to a paradigm no one is willing to accept . 
  it 's society 's institution and society has changed . 
  marriage should change too . 
  i agree . 
  only that in the east , none of this has changed . 
  society in the east has n't changed , and in the near future will not change . 
  marriage is still the fundamental unit of the society which is aimed at giving birth and raising future generations . 
  it makes no sense to change the paradigm that is accepted by all . 
  west wanted an agreement . 
  west got an agreement . 
  refugees will be received only by those countries that want to . 
  i bet that the eastern countries will not be on that list . 
  elite ? 
  you mean those soviet puppets that terrorized its own people for half a century ? 
  i am an atheist , but simply despise version of atheism promoted by the communist government . 
  that was almost [ religion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_atheism ) . 
  in poland , it did not look as bad as in the soviet union , but throughout the period of communism , the catholic church was persecuted , and mainly by those persecutions poles today are so religious . 
  poland is a very catholic , as well as some post-soviet countries . 
  there is a correlation between gender equality and communism , not atheism . 
  communist atheism version was very primitive , it was just a tool , set to eliminate religion which was competing with communist ideology . 
  i think that the post-communist countries were already there where now west is going . 
  it was n't a good path , but we took from there what was the best . 
   the youth of eastern europe , for example , would gladly relinquish sovereignty for further integration . 
  i think we live in different eastern europe . 
  this can be seen after the last elections in poland . 
  25 percent of young people ( 18-29 ) voted for the current government ( pis ) , 16 percent for anti-european party ( korwin ) , and 19 percent for the party that just month ago mentioned a referendum on exit from the eu ( kukiz ' 15 ) . 
  i misunderstood . 
  but i still think that `` invasion '' is a good description of what we 're dealing with . 
  why do we care about what they want ? 
  more important is what we want , and we do n't want them . 
  and what positive comes with immigrants from the middle east ? 
  the mass of uneducated men who do n't respect our values , do n't respect the law , do n't respect women and women 's rights . 
  there is nothing positive . 
  we spend money on them , and we lose our own security , in exchange for what ? 
  importantly , the director must be born in eastern europe , and then go and grow up in the west . 
  :p example : pawel pawlikowski ( ida ) was born in warsaw , he moved to austria when he was 12 . 
  l\u00e1szl\u00f3 nemes ( son of saul ) was born in budapest , but grew up in paris . 
  first of all what common decisions ? 
  there is no a common decision about quotas , or other problems with immigrants . 
  secondly , poland and other eastern european countries are full members of the european union and have the right to vote , and in some cases even right of veto . 
  we participate in making decisions . 
  and third . 
  with the accession to the european union there was no question of accepting immigrants from outside the eu in exchange for money . 
  they have every right to such an opinion . 
  i do n't have problem with that . 
  there will be no crisis if we help them . 
  greece is not able to control the schengen external border . 
  we need to stop these `` refugees '' in greece , and build there a few large camps . 
  this may not sound best from the greek point of view , but it is cheaper than keeping these people in centers scattered around europe , and most importantly , safer for eu citizens . 
  united kingdom , as a sovereign country can throw all immigrants if they wish . 
  but they are a member of the european union ( not in schengen ) , thus uk citizens can live in any eu country , so every eu citizen can live in the uk . 
  poles have no problem with immigrants from eu countries , but immigrants from the middle east , or africa , are not eu citizens , and we not signed any agreement to accept these people . 
  where i wrote that the eu sucks ? 
  there are problems that must be solved , and the west is afraid to act . 
  before we were admitted to the schengen we had to prove that we can control our external borders . 
  now everybody come when they want , as if there was no border . 
  why should we refuse ? 
  this is not a donation , or charity .
