  thanks to this germany ca n't outvote the baltic countries , and vice versa . 
  perhaps it could work even without direct democracy , in parliament . 
  the difference in population between the cantons are much smaller than between eu countries so i do n't know how something like that would work . 
  triggered !, 
  direct democracy is only a slogan , a little utopian . 
  switzerland is semi-direct democracy . 
  you still have a government which governs the country on a daily basis , the parliament which create and change laws , but all major decisions have to be backed by a referendum . 
  part of poland too , if you put it that way . 
  but despite this we are happy that you lost . 
   the popular opinion is an ever-changing gullible force , easily manipulated by foreign influence and importantly short-sighted , with little idea of how an economy or a foreign policy works . 
  women got the right to vote in switzerland in the 70 ' . 
  this is not the best example , but this is hardly a `` ever-changing gullible force , easily manipulated by foreign influence '' . 
   i do n't want him to have the same power in policy making as the two of us have . 
  he needs to be restricted . 
  but he already has the same power as you . 
  and such people can choose `` trumpish '' government that will rule until the next elections . 
  the government that may even have a constitutional majority . 
  and you will not be able to do anything about it . 
  in semi-direct democracy , you can at least block all dangerous/stupid laws or constitutional changes using the referendum . 
  referendum that you have to win , but it 's a lot easier to promise something during the elections , than to convince people that a bad law is good for them . 
  people who chose the current government romanians rather did n't like the law practically legalizing corruption . 
  instead of protests ( which the government could ignore ) they would announce a referendum , if they had to such a possibility . 
  with modern technology , of course you can . 
  but first , we could start with direct democracy at the local level . 
  i do n't know , they lost the last two times . 
  i do n't have anything against emulation of switzerland , when we grow up to direct democracy . 
  i do not understand this . 
  in poland , the right-wing party which cooperates with foreign organizations or has foreign funding has no chance to survive . 
  western right is strange . 
  it depends on the country , in poland they vote for right . 
  you are closer to us than we are to germany :(, 
  as a true pole , i should complain how bad it is in poland , but unfortunately i ca n't compete with bulgaria :(, 
  in the ex-commie countries we rather do n't have much choice , most people are not able to support a family on one , or one and half salary . 
  moscow rightful polish city ? 
   over-developed all this `` mighty '' soviet industry could n't stand the competition with the west industry after the fall of the eastern bloc . 
  somehow , before the war , our industry was doing quite well , and `` over-developed '' soviet industry was not capable to survive several years . 
  technically , there is no word `` marriage '' in the title :p . on the other hand , the word `` couple '' is a slight exaggeration . 
  i was 5 years old , but i knew what i was doing !!, 
  i had a plate so as not to ignite the carpet . 
  i kept all available to me security measures , so the plate was plastic of course . 
  actually , all this has happened when i was less than 6 years old , exactly when i put the hand into hot ashes , somehow it calmed me down . 
  it was n't that bad . 
  it was n't true yelling , my father has an amazing talent for making you feel guilty using only his raised voice , which then goes surprisingly into a whisper raised voice . 
  he truly yelled at me only a few times , when i played with matches on the carpet , broke the window , accidentally killed my grandpa rooster ( his only rooster ) , when i used a hammer on his car , and when , despite warnings i went to `` play '' with a foal and was trampled . 
  to polish school probably , fights are quite normal , the same with swearing , even if you never cursed at home , 8 year old child knows them all :p, 
  as a child i preferred to get the belt than to the father yelled at me a good few minutes . 
  polish-german paradox, 
  i ate mostly potatoes , onions , cabbage , carrots , and beets , but i heard it 's hard to get the potatoes in latvia . 
  you forgot about : `` you are untermensch and do n't have any rights '' between 1 and 2 . 
  it is not a perfect analogy , but there is no better . 
  oh great , france is america now . 
  you are very extreme recently . 
  what 's next ? 
  mexican ? 
  religious faith is based on dogmas . 
  `` i believe in god '' literally means `` i know that god exists . '', 
  evidences is not necessary , even more , they should not be any . 
  if you have proof , you do n't have to believe anymore , you know . 
  similarly , you can believe in human rights , humanity , or something like that , it does not exist . 
   it sounds very unlikely that i am going to marry another non-citizen apparently not so unlikely . 
  if your parents are not citizens , you 're not a citizen . 
   `` bitch '' whore bitch = suka, 
  in winter ? 
  but without regular exercise this does n't make sense . 
  people who served in the army for several months 5-20 years ago have no much value in case of war . 
  we do . 
  because people have life and jobs ? 
  people running one-man business ca n't suspend them for a few months . 
  it can also be an american grizzly , they are very similar . 
  it 's immigrant !, 
  ! ^ ( deport him ), 
  it probably would have been even bigger attraction than the tower itself . 
  in matrimonial law there is no mention of love . 
  but the married couple have priority single person . 
  i do not know , let 's say the average length of the war in the xx/xxi century . 
  and after that , if one of the member states agrees to accept them as permanent immigrants they can stay there . 
  if no one accepts them , and if other legal ways to get permanent residence in the eu will fail , they can always try go somewhere else ( we can even give them some money ) , no one will keep them locked up . 
  you are all white catholics , it is not trendy to take someone like that , and does n't count as multiculturalism . 
  maybe we can make exception for native indians . 
  / s seriously , i have no idea , probably ocean . 
  but i 'm from this part of europe which does n't like muslims ( with the exception of our native muslims ) . 
   and about your point : in brazil , for instance , there are quite a lot haitian ( apparently even venezuelan , recently ) refugees and bolivian illegals . 
  but you do n't give them free apartments and lifelong unemployment benefits . 
  please no . 
  who released our youtubers ? 
  someone forgot to close the door again ? 
  you are probably too poor , multiculturalism is rather first world problem . 
  you need to have a good social security system , and people who want to come to you . 
  and much shallower ocean , you have to dry it , at least one of them . 
  a refugee who ca n't work , and does not get free money , have no chance to build new life . 
  especially if from the beginning he will know that after the war is over , he must go . 
  so , from the european perspective , why should they learn english ? 
  after all , they are at home . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is the french colonists were not there earlier than english ones ? 
  technically , no . 
  chancellor of the weimar republic was not elected . 
   hindenburg reluctantly agreed to appoint hitler as chancellor after two further parliamentary elections -- in july and november 1932 -- had not resulted in the formation of a majority government . 
  hitler headed a short-lived coalition government formed by the nsdap and hugenberg 's party , the german national people 's party ( dnvp ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adolf_hitler#appointment_as_chancellor nsdap got 33 % of votes , dnvp 8 % . 
  not on a social level .
