   you also used the term ` potential life ' , acknowledging that it is n't alive yet i would call it rather a potential human being , it has unique human dna . 
  after fertilization it 's already a life . 
   how about fucking border enforcement ? 
  west believes that the borders are already out of fashion and barbaric . 
  `` borders are bad , refugees are drowning , we cann ' t do anything about it , must help them . 
  please take some refugees . '', 
  and so on . 
  a bit like a little mentally ill neighbor who collects sticks from ice creams . 
  you want to help , but he just wants you to keep his sticks at your home . 
  what can you do ? 
   what poland needs is for the oldest two generations to die and catholicism to die with it . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  the younger generation is more conservative than people over 40 . 
  unfortunately , we do n't have any other conservative party , so people vote on them , or not at all . 
  feminists would get a heart attack :p . 
  yeah , fuck grandfathers , who needs them , they may die . 
  besides , what grandchildren ? 
  young women are at work , they do n't have time to have children . 
  i do not know . 
  the old ugly women stay at home and you do n't have to look at them all day at work ? 
  women retire five years earlier and live more so it accumulates . 
  seriously ? 
  but why ? 
  i thought that germany are more progressive . 
  we still have a few local brands . 
  we have `` hoop cola '' ( which is now owned by czechs btw ) , which is at least as good of coca-cola sold in poland , but it is difficult to compete with the red trucks and santa claus . 
  brand sells the product . 
  you have a pure white bread and complain ? 
  you know how hard it is to clean the flour from all this dirt ? 
  if they did it for my own good , why hide this excellent product under a global brand ? 
  they should advertise it . 
  `` the new `` coca-cola baltic '' , with more water , because water is healthy , and we do n't like when you die . '', 
  and this is exactly what i wrote . 
  and i think it should be like this with all products . 
  unfortunately , we are not able to force producers to sell good quality food , but customers can . 
  we can make it easier for them if we force producers to play honestly . 
  today , customers in the east europe do n't know that the products they buy are different from those that are sold in the west . 
  in poland , there is a stereotype that germans are very demanding consumers , and do n't buy low quality products . 
  and if the germans are buying some product , it means that it 's good . 
  the problem is that we are buying something else with the same label . 
  we can also force producers to publish ( on their website , or we can create a european food products website or something ) composition of all products sold in the eu . 
  that the consumers can compare themselves . 
   see : dr. oetker edizione speciale can you elaborate ? 
  in my opinion , if we have a common market , a product sold under a specific brand should have the same composition in the whole eu . 
  if the manufacturer wants to sell inferior quality ( or , say , `` adapt '' it to the market ) product in eastern europe , he can change the product name . 
  thanks to this everyone will know that the `` coca-cola - ~ ~ peasants ~ ~ polish edition '' is different than `` coca-cola - ~ ~ aryan ~ ~ german edition '' . 
  do not forget about the polish stratospheric balloon flights program in the interwar period . 
  we , technically , never criminalized same sex sexual activity , but it has nothing to do with the acceptance of homosexuality , rather tolerance and respecting individual freedoms . 
  it 's not a matter of the state where you put your penis ( with the exception of the children , animals , and when this is rape ) . 
  in last elections , young people voted for right-wing parties . 
  i do n't have statistics , but i doubt that support for gay marriage is higher than the national average . ^ ( a copy from my other comment ), 
  in last elections , young people voted for right-wing parties . 
  i do n't have statistics , but i doubt that support for gay marriage is higher than the national average . 
  we , technically , never criminalized homosexuality . 
  are the research results dont have any licenses or terms of use which forces you to mention the original authors ? 
  or it mean jednolity , or jednorodny . 
  this is complicated . 
  a translation through english complicates even more . 
  i see that in english monotonous means mainly `` dull , tedious '' . 
  but in polish `` monotonny '' is also a synonym for `` jednostajny '' , but this should be rather translated as `` uniform '' ( not clothes ) . 
  interesting . 
  in polish we have word `` jednostajny '' and it mean `` monotonous '', 
  it was the french fault !, 
  totally their . 
  it 's true , all true . 
  we told them `` do n't go on russia without the winged hussars '' , they did n't listen , `` our infantry is enough '' they said , and they are all dead now . 
   you saw brexit ? 
  and the electoral system referendum we had before that ? 
  if you give them the right to vote once every few years , it is no wonder that they make stupid decisions . 
  you need to slowly create a responsible civil society and gradually allow them to make more important decisions . 
  you need to teach them before you make them responsible . 
  you cann ' t just go to the slums and ask people if they want trade deal with myanmar or not . 
  they not only do n't know what it means for them but even where is myanmar , or what it is . 
  often they do not even know how to find information on this topic . 
   that 's why we choose professionals to represent us . 
  i look at it from the polish point of view . 
  we have one professional , he is the president of the european council , the rest are amateurs . 
  besides , if people have no idea about politics how they can choose a good politician ? 
  keep your hands away from gda\u0144sk , and we can talk . 
  :p you have the money and technology , and we know-how and experience . 
  we have conquered moscow twice ( ok , second time with napoleon but it still counts !, 
   if my people are stupid enough to elect a stupid person , let that stupid person encounter the same rules as a smart person would have . 
  that is what democracy is . 
  even if my people are stupid , i would like to be able to minimize damages . 
  smart person can also be blocked by a referendum , this is the worse part , but something for something . 
   election promises and long-term plans are absolutely pointless to make from the pov of swiss politicians , as they can only outline general policy points , then listen to what the people dictate from their opinion of the day anyhow . 
  and in a typical european democracy , politicians can promise everything and do nothing , or worse , do the opposite . 
  in switzerland politicians must listen to voters all the time , in other countries , just before the election . 
   the fault of this particular problem lies not with the non-participation of romanian citizens in government , but with the weakness or unwillingness [ i am not quite sure ] of the romanian judicial branch to deem such a law unconstitutional and overturn it . 
  in this case , probably , the law in the countries of eastern europe is not yet perfect . 
  but it might as well be a law , completely legal from a constitutional point of view , which was the complete opposite to pre-election promises . 
  ***** things like abortion should remain an internal matter for each country . 
  forcing uniform law throughout europe is , at least for the moment , a bad idea , cultural and social differences are too big in my opinion . 
  i doubt if all countries would agree to this . 
  when it comes to taxes , it depends on how far the integration will go . 
  we are not ready for a common tax system . 
  will we be ready at the moment of federalization ? 
  when it comes to a vote at the european level , the right of veto is good for small countries , but harmful in the long run . 
  and simple majority is rather unacceptable for small countries . 
  switzerland has double majority , a majority of all citizens , and majority of all cantons .
