  the loss of 1.5 million people are irrelevant to the french society , culture and economy , in comparison to losses in serbia . 
   in switzerland the federal government ca n't force the cantons to do anything with very few exceptions . 
  i can agree to federation like this . 
  why is no one in all those `` european federation '' threads did n't present , or even mention , this version ? 
  everyone just want to copy germany , alternatively usa without electoral college . 
  it was close . 
  we do n't need special characters to make it hard :p . 
  we do n't need special characters to make it hard :p . 
   the orze\u0142 :d they would n't know how to pronounce it anyway . 
   germans wo n't be able to impose . 
  you have tons of eastern european countries with similar values . 
  the last few years , especially the immigration crisis say something else . 
   liberal vs. conservative it does n't work like this in europe . 
  conservatives in the west want to get along with russia , those in the east would rather nuke them if they could ( maybe i exaggerate a little ) . 
   you assume that political opinions are determined by nationality . 
  but you would find more voters in germany supporting a unified eu army than estonians . 
  of course you would find more votes , but estonia has less than 1.5 million inhabitants , it 's like one city in germany . 
  but the percentage it looks different . 
  http://i.imgur.com/taeapgw.png  a federal europe would have had better border guards to start with . 
  you * assume * it , but we do n't know how it would look like . 
  each schengen state is obliged to protect their part of the border , suddenly turns out that some countries are not able do that . 
  as if no one check this before they were allowed to join . 
   ( as an aside , it seems that popular sentiment about migration is exactly the same everywhere : it 's fine when we want to migrate somewhere , but heaven forbid that people migrate to where we live ) . 
  please , not this again . 
  i do n't intend to emigrate , as well as most of the people from eastern europe . 
  besides , external and internal eu immigration are two different things . 
  in the thirteenth century grand duchy of lithuania was established by force , something which has no chance to repeat today . 
  they exist because one these lands live people with a common culture , who identify themselves as a nation . 
  concept which was created in the nineteenth century , but belarusians and ukrainians was slightly too late , mainly because lack of elite . 
  you might as well say that countries like estonia , latvia , slovakia , and almost all the countries of the former yugoslavia , have no purpose of existence . 
  even finland is relatively young . 
  there is no chance for grand duchy of lithuania as a country , these are three completely different nations today . 
  in the best case we will get yugoslavia 2.0 . 
  it has a chance to become a political block as v4 ( perhaps more united ) , but nothing more . 
  participating in the v4 does not exclude polish participation in other groups . 
  we are also part of weimar triangle , although at present it is not too active , it may change in the future . 
  there is nothing to argue . 
  majority of terrorist attacks in the last 20 years have been done by muslims for religious reason . 
  but you know that gda\u0144sk , warszawa and pozna\u0144 were polish in times of plc ? 
  and east prussia were our vassals ? 
  we still have more in common with kiev , or vilnius than with barcelona or paris . 
  and we are all in ue ( except kiev ) . 
  besides , you know that it was n't a serious post ? 
  and i see the plc at most as a political bloc inside the eu , after belarus and ukraine accession . 
  you forgot about the ottoman empire . 
  it took less than 230 years , there is still time to dig up the plc corpse and resurrect it . 
  they did it so many times with the roman empire , once with plc will not hurt . 
  you know , some of them may die in a terrorist attack , but only a few so who cares , right ? 
  just like roman empire ? 
  we had a moment of weakness and three neighbors ( includes two empires ) who tore us to pieces , three times . 
  and rome fell by some barbarians . 
  it depends on how much death of several citizen means to you :p . we can close the borders to immigrants from middle east , and stop entire illegal immigration . 
  we can limit immigration only to highly educated people , who get a job even before the arrival . 
  we can put them in closed transit camps , where they will wait to verify their identity and check if they pose no threat . 
  or we can open the borders and let all inside . 
  as i said , it all depends on how much you value the lives of your citizens . 
  it depends on how much death of several citizen means to you . 
  this is not about a single entities but the whole of societies . 
  why german community has to impose their views on the estonian community ? 
  we are not , and will not be , one , homogeneous ( to some degree ) , country with a common culture and history . 
  and these differences are even greater than in the us . 
  so why less populated countries would ever wanted to join the `` federation '' ? 
  they would lose all their sovereignty , their voice would not have any meaning , even if it would apply to them and their lifestyle . 
  it makes even more sense in europe than in the us . 
  views on various issues vary considerably depending on the country . 
  germans has a different view on eastern borders defense than estonians , but estonia has to small population to have any meaning in federal europe with proportional vote . 
  west europe has a different view on immigration than the east . 
  if the refugee crisis would happen in the federal europe , east would be probably outvoted and forced to accept refugees . 
  as long as we remain a group of independent countries , such differences do n't matter . 
  but i doubt that the small countries would willingly join to such federation . 
  ok , but let 's talk about realistic solutions, 
   the roman empire . 
  what about the polish-lithuanian commonwealth :( . 
   another factor are values . 
  i am sure you wo n't like to hear it , but if you check a inglehart wenzel diagram poland tends to hover around the african-islamic blob a lot more than the rest of the europeans : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abwyocru7js it does not work like that . 
  colored blobs represent only global trends , it does n't matter that a country is not within the appropriate blob ( like indonesia , malta and poland ) . 
  on most such maps poland is more or less in the middle , at the same time we have a more traditional countries like ireland and more survival like hungary or estonia . 
  almost all the top right part of this map is occupied by european countries , it is hard to find any common value here . 
  why ? 
  it 's like trying to convince the capitalist to communism . 
  it 's never work , in both ways . 
  besides my holy book does not oblige me to convert the infidels :p . 
  out of curiosity , i checked your constitution and christianity is mentioned there in a similar manner as in the polish one . 
  also you should sue trump for that `` we believe that our children and grandchildren will make hungary great again '' :p, 
  i do n't like this idea either , but you ca n't just write something on a piece of paper and say , `` listen people , you cann ' t change that , never , never !!, 
  '' , it does n't work like that . 
  if people want to change some law , they will do it , and for the good of future generations better to give them that opportunity . 
  revolutions usually did n't end too well . 
   also , i highly doubt that society will ever go in a direction in which people will want to establish a religion to be the state religion . . you never know . 
  people often think that this is the end of history , it is not . 
  radical changes were happen , and will happen . 
  has anyone told him that the theory of evolution has evolved over the years ? 
  you cann ' t force people to stick to the current system forever . 
  societies evolve in various directions , even in those that you may not like , and law should change with them . 
  without legal possibility of changing the law , people , sooner or later , will do it by force , and in such cases changes are often radical . 
  yep . 
  1919 -- 1921 , but we were not allies with white forces , and technically it was not part of the civil war . 
  i do not know the hungarian law , but the party having the constitutional majority ( in both houses of parliament ) in poland could change whatever they want . 
   they do have the right either way . 
  not when people like you want to decide on which people they can vote .
