  the eu ? 
  the average citizen is not so important , what matters is the public administrations . 
  if french president uses the iphone we are not sure if the us is listening . 
   glofo ( . . ) amd still , both are us companies . 
  intel also produces cpu in irland . 
  we need a processor that has no backdoor useful for nsa or china , and at this point , we are not sure if any chips has them or not . 
  not intel https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_intel_manufacturing_sites, 
  i thought there was a factory somewhere in europe . 
  they design only architecture , processors are designed and manufactured in asia . 
  only the kernel , mac os users do n't have direct contact with the kernel . 
  they can use windows as well , no difference . 
  lack of support from big corporation . 
  the average it worker has experience with windows . 
  an average public administration employee can handle windows . 
  and most importantly , microsoft has adapted windows to market needs , linux enthusiasts have adapted linux to meet their own needs . 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  but it would be unprofitable . 
  the cost of production in europe is higher than in asia , and we do n't have know-how . 
  production optimization would take years . 
  we would end up with an expensive computer bought only by the public administration . 
  it can work in russia , but in the eu it 's just fuel for eurosceptics . 
  i think that the institution controlling and certifying computer hardware safe for use in state administration is enough , and it would be much , much cheaper . 
  even russia does it better . 
  they put computers of the domestic production ( obsolete , and expensive , but safe ) in the strategic places , with their own distribution of linux . 
  i do n't think we can start producing computers in europe , at least not in the near future . 
  but the eu has enough resources and programmers to adapt linux to its needs and maybe the army in the future . 
  actually . 
  hollywood blocks the development of european ( and world ) movie industry for decades . 
  i would n't mind if it suddenly disappeared . 
  we would have had a few years of drought , but then we would get something fresh instead of what holywood has been serving us for years in various variants . 
  if he ca n't start in the usa , he will start in europe . 
  maybe europe is n't as homogeneous and easy market as the usa but bigger . 
  silicon valley will lose its attractiveness , so some startups may even move to europe , and maybe we will finally see large european it companies . 
   the little guy trying to make headway with a new web startup in silicon valley ? 
  he will probably use azure , or amazon cloud anyway , both have servers also in europe . 
   even arresting fathers trying to get their daughters back from houses where rape was happening . ), 
  wtf !? 
  what is this ? 
  nazi germany ? 
  they have been doing so since the beginning of the term . 
  the current constitution is too general and easy to over-interpret , so that pis interprets it in its own way . 
  and no one can directly accuse them because they operate on the edge of law . 
  or , you know , he lives in poland and from his perspective the situation in poland is not as black and white as western media present it ? 
  the commission ( basically european government ) is chosen by the european council , which is the governments of the member states , which are approved by national parliaments that are elected by the people . 
  the european parliament is also elected by the people , and it also , like national parliaments , approves the composition of the european commission . 
  you ca n't give them right of initiative , having independent member states with their own parliaments with right of initiative . 
  we would have two legislative bodies elected by people who could contradict each other . 
  now we have a commission indirectly chosen by national parliaments , and approved by the european parliament . 
  it 's a union , not a federation . 
  the european parliament ca n't bypass the authorities of the member states . 
  they never say they support gay marriage , rather `` better to be alive than married '', 
  like weimar republic ? 
  not a good sign . 
  polish military eagle is modeled on the coat of arms form 1919 . 
  and this is not the tsar crown , but closed crown , the same was on the coat of arms of the november uprising . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/coat_of_arms_of_poland2_1919-1927.svg https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/15/pol_insygnia_sil_zbrojnych.svg, 
   people budge when their wallets and groceries get hit . 
  that 's what sanctions do . 
  and they will blame eu , not current government . 
  that 's how you create a big shipbuilding industry all over the mediterranean coast . 
  or just disable javascript . 
   poles seem to be undergoing an identity crisis . 
  that 's also true . 
  part of the country wants to be like the west , part want to live on their own . 
  if you run away from war you should thank for every morsel of bread and place to sleep , instead all we see is the use of naive west . 
  such people do not arouse sympathy . 
  in addition , we are in the eu , problems with the muslim minority in the west europe are perceived as partially our problem . 
  so it is better to be recognized as a nazis than a gypsies :d . 
  form of buying the favor of the west , from what i remember society was against . 
  eu again , how many times do i have to blame them ? 
  everything above vietnamese people is quite positive . 
  74 % like , are indifferent , or do n't care , about the jews . 
  hello spain yyy ... somosierra something , something ... 
  do you secretly plan to recreate the austrian empire ? 
  stay away from galicia little germany , ok . 
  hello little germany :p, 
  i blame the gypsies , they wanted to be called roma . 
  there is no austria , so australia counts as america , just like canada and new zealand :p . 
  rather immigration crisis , before most people did n't care about the middle east or arabs . 
  russians \u2260 russian government, 
  he was an extraordinary representative of the nobility , but still he was not brought up to be king , and he was not separated ( more or less ) from his subjects since childhood . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarmatism#culture_and_fashion besides , he was elected to the throne , not inherited . 
  it 's hard not to look stupid when you order to paint an idealized portrait when everyone knows that you where normal guy before election . 
  from what i remember they are in the american garrison , but the erdogan can take them as hostages . 
  i doubt that the cia are capable of carrying out a coup in the european union . 
  even if they have plans , success is not as sure as in africa , south america , or the middle east . 
  remember that they have your nuclear warheads , the coup will come out cheaper than getting them out of there . 
   `` they said a century ago that we were the ` sick man ' . 
  now they are the ` sick man ' . 
  europe is collapsing , '' i missed something ? 
  what happened ? 
  when did turkey recover ? 
  ok , i can agree that we have a little cold , but collapsing ? 
  t ` is a slight exaggeration . 
  this is leader of your far-right ? 
  divorced woman with boyfriend ? 
  pff . . she would not be able to win any election in poland . 
   if my parents are polish and i 'm born in germany and i indentify as german i 'm german of polish origin . 
  for me , you would still be a pole , but your children would be germans .
