  always forget when i 'm in the states that i could be arrested for what is very natural to an irish person . 
  it 's funny how history repeats itself, 
  `` anyone would think you wanted ireland to lose the next eurovision contest ! '', 
  `` nonsense !, 
  why would we do that ?! '', 
  `` i do n't know . 
  probably because it was costing you too much to stage '' completely fictional , of course , 
  or ` rrs gushing grannies ' they should take it as a compliment that the internet was interested and respectful enough to have a bit of fun and raise awareness but not drown the things in scandal or disgust . 
  it would be different if mcdonald 's or pepsi asked for suggestions . 
  then they would get things like ` ronald mc pedoface ' or ` rrs is pepsi ok ? ', 
  or something, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=dgscoauww2m ), 
  if the uk left the eu there would have to be a hard border between northern ireland and ireland . 
  or at least a customs border . 
  this is where the shit would really hit the fan . 
  i do n't know how the common travel area would be affected . 
  one thing for sure , the vast majority of people on the island of ireland would be staunchly against of any type of border control , to put it midly . 
  please make this happen, 
  neither british or irish governments use that term for obvious reasons . 
  though it is a geographic term . 
  like how canada is part of north america you 'll often hear them talk about ` these isles ' or ` these islands ' . 
  what do they call a quarter pounder with cheese in france ? 
  no you 're correct . 
  escalator is more appropriate, 
  it 's best not to piss of our [ german overlords ] ( https://youtu.be/gejajl_huh0 ) too much . 
  yeah it 's not like you won a war or anything, 
  or remakes of keeping up appearances , porridge , only fools and horses , are you being served and the good life ? 
  i doubt they understand each other either . 
  but they speak fluent yank especially words like dollar , euro , dolphin , not and dead, 
  they 're also looking to extend the luas line to connect stephen 's green with kilarney . 
  by letting the germans know we always have one eye open !, 
  ah seamus , sure i forgot all about him . 
  is n't he looking well . 
  god , he did a great aul job on that pub in fairness to him . 
  i 'd say it musta cost him a few bob though . 
  sure he 's sitting on a fortune anyway that fella . 
  he would n't spend christmas . 
  ** ireland ** nothing much of importance or international interest given recent events . 
  exactly , you 're right , that 's also what i was trying to say but a lot of commentors are just saying * something * must be done and that 's that . 
  the stuff they 're coming out with obviously has n't been thought through and is reactionary and sensationalist . 
  reactionary stuff like what u/eryemil suggested  oh for fuck 's sake . 
  here it is in words you might understand : we need to find the sweet spot between sitting around as we have with our thumbs up our arses waiting to get our heads cut off -- which obviously would do fuck all to fix the issue -- and doing what would be most effective , such as rounding up every muslim in europe , sending them in shipping containers towards some remote corner of the sahara and them dropping a nuke on their heads . 
  and the rest of the greater middle east along with them . 
  obviously neither option is acceptable , but `` doing something instead of nothing '' , is the only good answer . 
  angrily put racist , bigoted reaction . 
  nobody suggested that . 
   now you 're just repeating yourself . 
  if something is worth saying it 's worth saying twice . 
  especially when someone is a dense as you . 
   care to , you know , substantiate the crap you 're pulling out if your butthole ? 
  you deleted your original comment ( does anyone know how to view it if it 's been deleted ? 
  it was highly racist ) that my above reply was to . 
  but to paraphrase it : you suggested rounding up all the muslims in europe and putting them in shipping containers and sending the back to the middle east . 
  also something about shooting or bombing eastern europeans too if i remember . 
  so i 'm not the one pulling shit out of their racist , bigoted ass . 
  here it is in words you might understand :  we need to find the sweet spot between sitting around as we have with our thumbs up our arses waiting to get our heads cut off -- which obviously would do fuck all to fix the issue -- and doing what would be most effective , such as rounding up every muslim in europe , sending them in shipping containers towards some remote corner of the sahara and them dropping a nuke on their heads . 
  and the rest of the greater middle east along with them . 
  oh do n't worry i understood the first bit . 
  i 've been reading for a good number of years now . 
  again , you 're coming out with a load of nonsensical reactionary jibberish . 
  doing something instead of nothing * is n't * an answer . 
  it 's what people like you say when you do n't have an answer but want to give one anyway . 
  so many words but yet nothing actually said . 
  are you calling us fat ? 
  that 's a very large open-ended question that many people have been asking for a long time . 
  it wo n't be answered here and there is n't even a correct answer . 
  ` do something instead of doing nothing ' is not an answer . 
  i 'm going to have to gestappo you right there !, 
  that is n't funny anne frankly i 'm offended jew would suggest it . 
  it would be completely out of mein kampfort zone to read a book like that . 
  this should be the end of it now , i do n't want to take this any fuhrer . 
  i hope you rot in heil . 
  that last part where ziggy hid the xylophone in the zebra enclosure at the zoo had me in stitches . 
  ca n't believe what zachary zuckaby did to xavier zlaclsby . 
  never saw it coming ... 
  and i do n't think i 'll be picking it up just yet . 
  ulysses by james joyce the picture of dorian gray by oscar wilde amongst women by john mcgahern the importance of being earnest by oscar wilde gullivers travels by jonathan swift dracula by bram stoker the butcher boy by patrick mccabe the lion , the witch and the wardrobe by c.s. 
  lewis circle of friends by meave binchy the commitments by roddy doyle angela 's ashes by frank mccourt my left foot by christy brown, 
  certainly not the best german book but probably the most famous . 
  he means the book catalogue entitled * too many to list * available at the library . 
  great read !, 
  admits to some doping ... ha !, 
  the old ' i smoked but did n't inhale ' defence, 
  he 's not a mathematician , he 's a numberologist, 
  ^ hon ^ ^ hon ^ ^ ^ hon je suis laugh, 
  is true unfortunately . 
  i do n't know anyone who has n't been affected by it in some way or another . 
  depending on where you look its the leading or 2nd leading cause of death in men under 35 https://www.stpatricks.ie/blog/suicide-leading-cause-death-among-young-men-ireland http://www.thejournal.ie/readme/male-suicide-rates-ireland-2012017-mar2015/ if you 've 25 mins to spare this video is absolutely brilliant http://youtu.be/z82utgtmwy8 the man is a legend, 
  i think they 're just too stubborn to die . 
  such a moany bugger . 
  reddit is n't your personal timeline ... get over it there are others here too, 
  might have something to do with meath being where the high king of ireland sat https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_meath, 
  ah you see this is what the next civil war will be about . 
  lyons or barrys ? 
  the only hell i can imagine would be pg fucking tips, 
  why ? 
  your post makes no sense . 
  you do realise britain is also in the atlantic . 
  well we could speculate about anything then , as you 've done . 
  ireland might have a colony on pluto by then and the uk will still be tugging on the usa 's willy .
