israel is a jewish country but most american jews are not israeli citizens . 
  i do n't know where you got that bullshit statistic . 
  so only the people who actually control the land dispute it . 
  it seems whether they think it 's disputed or not is more significant then what chile or thailand thinks . 
  what do american jews have to do with israel ? 
  we have the greatest moat , just the greatest . 
  nobody has better moats than us , isnt that right folks ? 
   what happens to us if israel gets conquered ? 
  sounds like a lot of work . 
  how bout we build another prison in my district insteady . 
  when it comes to marriage law , women usually have a huge advantage over men . 
  i 'd tell you that you should stay and fight for your country , but honestly if i were you i 'd probably do the same . 
  do n't waste your life fighting for a lost cause . 
  if you live in a country , you should make the effort to learn the language . 
  why dont you put on a kippah and tzitzit and walk through the streets of malmo , then tell us how safe you feel . 
  those situations are n't really two and two . 
  while both crimea and the west bank are technically under military occupation , their political situations are pretty different . 
  crimea was internationally recognized as part of a sovereign nation who still claims it today . 
  the west bank was captured from jordan in 1967 and the jordanians refuted all claims to the land in 1988 . 
  the jordanians themselves took it in 1948 from , well no one . 
  the british and the un had already pulled out and the palestinians had refused partition , so technically it belonged to no one . 
  now when the jordanians refuted claim to the territory they recognized the plo as having claim to the west bank , but they did n't really have the authority to do that . 
  so while the west bank is under military occupation , politically it is disputed land . 
  ever heard of the pale of settlement ? 
  most of those asians come from instate , they just tend to have higher grades and test scores . 
  jews tend to bring people together . 
  whether it be far right or far left , sunni and shiite , nazi germany and stalinist russia . 
  everyone hates the jews . 
  the oslo accords gave israel civil and military control of area c. 
  i havent heard any movements in europe talking about boycotting egypt tho . 
  merkels refugee policy was mainly pushed because `` it was the right thing to do '', 
  not if its to the detriment of your own people like merkels refugee policy . 
  the eu showed up at israels doorstep , said `` fuck you we do what we want '' , and started building on land israel legally has civil control over . 
  they didnt even fucking try to get a building permit , they just said '' your racist so we dont even have to try and respect your laws '' . 
  yeah those homes would have done some good but replace israel with any other country and you wouldnt be criticizing the demolitions . 
  if israel just started building homes in sweden without permits , or if sweden started building homes for underprivilaged african americans in baltimore , or japan built homes in cuba . 
  this is an issue of the eu having no respect for israeli laws and thinking they can do whatever they want because they believe its moral . 
  if any other country was in this scenario this wouldnt be an issue . 
  so basically you 're saying that the israeli government was legally in the right but should n't have done it because of morality ? 
  you do know that bureaucracies are amoral right ? 
  if there is an illegal structure it is torn down , no exceptions . 
  israel tears down tons of illegal jewish settler structures as well . 
  there is no group of evil villains sitting in a dark room finding new ways to fuck over palestinians . 
  and you ca n't say `` this group does n't have to follow building codes and permit procedures because they 're oppressed '' . 
   that 's like saying murder is fine because it happens every day , in every country on earth . 
  i think equating murder to enforcing building codes is a little silly , do n't you ? 
   but if the eu would seek building permits on the west bank they  would be denied . 
  you ca n't make this argument if you do n't even apply for it . 
   and ethically , it 's an extremely shitty to demolish humanitarian  structures because of `` bureaucracy '' buildings are demolished for bureaucratic reasons every day , in every country on earth . 
   israel does n't even have a claim on that territory in the first place . 
  it does according to the oslo accords , which the palestinians signed btw . 
  israel has full civil and security control of area c. 
  they can build houses , they just need israeli building permits , which they refused to even try and apply for . 
  that 's like building houses for the poor without any permits and knowing that they 'll be torn down . 
  israel cant just come into sweden or germany and start building houses for the homeless without any building permits or code inspections because `` its the right thing to do '' . 
  those buildings would be torn down . 
  this is nothing more than a political statement . 
  but if the eu really cared about people having housing why would they build the structures without the israeli governments approval ? 
  they knew that they would be torn down . 
  it seems they care more about making a political statement than actually helping people . 
  dont expect your compassion to be returned by anyone else . 
  nearly every country outside europe puts their own people and interest first , last , and only . 
  only naive europeans base national policy around compassion . 
  you could probably win gold in the mental gymnastics . 
  its been 2 days since the stabbing in london . 
  yeah i remember in in 2015 when a right winger shot up a kosher supermarket killing 4 people . 
  and in 2012 when a right winger killed 4 people at a jewish school in toulouse including a 3 year old , a 6 year old , and an 8 year old . 
  and then there were the 2014 shooting of the jewish museum in brussels , the 2015 copenhagen synagogue shooting , and the 2006 oslo synagogue shooting , all perpetrated by right wingers . 
  oh wait , no those were all committed by muslims . 
  if you seriously think that right wingers are a bigger threat to european jews than muslims , then you 're out of touch with reality . 
  do you seriously think the allies did n't kill any civilians in wwii ? 
  or the union did n't kill any civilians in the civil war ? 
  or the u.n forces in korea ? 
  all of those wars were morally justified , all resulted in a better world , and all had plenty of civilian deaths . 
   to them , to kill the kaffir is noble . 
  yeah but destroying isis does n't destroy this ideology , especially when most of the attackers are self-radicalized muslims in western countries . 
  if we count the nice attack , the brussels airport attack , and both the january and november paris attacks it adds up to 263 killed and 1038 wounded . 
  and that does n't even included pre-isis islamic terrorist attacks like 7/7 bombings and the madrid train bombing . 
  the justin trudeau anti-terrorism method . 
  if you fight the terrorists , they win . 
  israeli was not founded by terrorism . 
  they only attacked military targets . 
  show me one example of israeli 's praising the murder of a 13 year old arab girl , or blowing up a cafe , or bashing a 6 year old boys brains in with a rock . 
  yes israel was formed from political violence but they only attacked military targets . 
  stop trying to rewrite history . 
  the hdi of palestine is ranked just below egypt and indonesia and above iraq , morocco , syria , sudan , yemen , india , pakistan , bangladesh , uzbekistan and ghana . 
  palestine is doing pretty average for a muslim country . 
  that 's a brazen lie . 
  israel all medicine and humanitarian aid into gaza they just demand that they have the ability to check the shipments for weapons at ashdod before sending it to gaza over land . 
  all of the humanitarian aid form the infamous 2009 flotilla ended up going to gaza . 
  maybe stop listening to propaganda and actually do some research of your own for a change . 
  except ukraine has a claim to crimea . 
  jordan renounced their claim to the west bank in 1988 , that makes the issue a lot more complicated than crimea and not nearly as black and white . 
  the soviets bombed their own villages in order to invade finland in 1939 . 
  come on we 're barely halfway through . 
  where 's your spirit of fun ? 
  we have n't even gotten to the russian invasion of belarus in august , the isis capture of benghazi in october , and of course the donald trump landslide victory in november . 
  so this article was written by the jews ? 
  every single one of them ? 
  well i 'm glad the jews are a monolith who all hold the same opinion , that makes my life simpler .
