the border towns in the us are not good places to live . 
  except el paso wich is the safest city in the us . 
  not a suprise that he has been the leading candidate for several weeks now . 
  i have a feeling that hilary is going to give tump a big medal after she is elected , and probably a juicy government contract . 
   i wonder if there is any research which concludes that these laws have any effect . 
  probably the only effect is that it legitimizes holocaust deniers in the minds of other racists . 
  illegal immigrants are not `` hunted '' in the us and are rarley deported unless they are caught crossing the border illegally or have been arrested for a different crime . 
   they 're going to be a net drain on nato . 
  ... and most nato members are a net drain from the perspective of the us military . 
  does that mean that the us should not allow countries to enter nato , that contribute less to nato defense than the us ? 
  although montenegro is a small country with a ` weak ' military , that does not mean that they can not be helpful in the political arena . 
  and like any other myth , the more it is repeated , the more likely someone will believe it . 
   make an ignorant statement generalizing all turks and their history . 
  bravo . 
  u/glideer did n't do that , you 're just being overly sensitive  why ? 
  montenegro offers nothing diplomatically , politically , economically , and especially not militarily ... kind of an generalized ignorant statement . 
   vladimir putin has complained for years about nato 's eastern expansion , often arguing that the alliance broke promises made at the end of the cold war . 
  ... and i rember a certain russian promise to respect ukraine 's territorial integrity . 
  russia will pay for their crimes one way or the other . 
  why does sweeden even allow grenades to be legal . 
  i think sweeden should ban all private ownership of grenades , because people just cant be trusted with grenades ... oh wait , never mind . 
   being not-white does not automatically make one in favor of illegal immigration ... ... and i never said it did . 
  i was just trying to inform the poster that sniper wielding cowboys ready to shoot illegal aliens are not very common on the texas-mexico border , contrary to what hollywood and vice documentaries would have you beleive . 
  dont forget about travis county ( austin , tx ) dallas county ( dallas , tx ) harris county ( houston , tx ) , and bexar county ( san antonio , tx ), 
   the us left vietnam despite the viets having been at war with the french just before the us tried . 
  that 's even worse . 
  you could n't even subdue an already wartorn country !, 
  the french army surrendered in vietnam , get over it . 
  c'mon children play nice . 
  you should have thrown in an amerifat somewhere in there . 
   considering that we were involved in middle east in pointless wars ( good training though ) and that we border russia , byelarus and ukraine and thus are more concerned about security . 
  some times you need to blood an army just like a good hunting dog . 
  maybe putin will try to distract russians from the decrepit state their economy is in . 
   texas is also on the border with a very different view , they have cowboys armed with shotguns , sniper rifles , and pistols ready to `` deal '' with anyone that crosses . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about and have probably never been to texas . 
  the majority of people who live near the texas mexico border are of hispanic heritage . 
  source i have lived in a small border town in texas for most of my life . 
  russia only attacks non nato countries because they know that they would be destroyed by nato . 
  russia is no longer a super power and was defeated by the ukrainians . 
  that is why they have moved on to syria . 
   why do n't you ask how many nato members mexico or south korea has attacked , lol . 
  speaking about daft questions , why on earth would mexico or s. korea attack nato . 
  nato was created because to counter russian expansionism . 
   the most nato would do is unwillingly try to defend turkish territory , but they would n't launch an offensive into russia . 
  turkey is n't worth that sacrifice for nato countries . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  when was the last time russia attacked a nato member ? 
  never , because russia knows that it would be annihilated . 
  russia is no longer a credible power , get over it . 
  you are are either too drunk or too stupid to understand that if russia ever attacked turkey , russia as we know it would be destroyed by nato . 
  russia is little more than a chinese resource colony these days , and poses little to no threat to nato members . 
  maybe you should learn to read , because i never claimed that turkey can defeat russia in a war . 
  as for personal attacks your lack of reading comprehension seems to back up my personal attacks against you . 
   russia and the soviet union are separate entities . 
  like you have been informed earlier , russia is the legal successor to the ussr which is why that have kept their seat on the security council . 
  jesus fucking christ are you drunk or just plain stupid ? 
  soviets -  russia you imbecile , why do you think that russia is still a member of the un security council . 
   does russia have the capabilities to do that ? 
  does russia wish to start ww3 over ** turkey ** of all countries ? 
   the answer to both questions is no . 
  ftfy, 
   lol what ? 
  you know afghanistan , the failed russian invasion where 15,000 russians died . 
  yes they would . 
   russia would set half of istanbul on fire . 
  russia wo n't do shit just like they did n't do anything when all of their helicopters where shot down in afghanistan . 
   doubt it , russia can nuke its military bases . 
  if russia ever used a nuke , they would be nuked in return ... 
  so no , russia would most likely not use nukes . 
   probably weaker than ukraine and georgia . 
  are you a fucking retard ? 
  turkey has the one of the strongest militaries in europe or the middle east . 
  and do n't forget that they are part of nato . 
  i hope they shoot down the next russian plane that breaches their air space . 
   bear in mind they wo n't be concerned about collateral damage and would happily wipe out 10,000 's of civilians to wipe out the rebel forces . 
  if history teaches us anything , is that the brutal treatment of civilians by foreign armies will only strengthen the opposition . 
  all nato would have to do is flood syria with light weapons and amunition , and the russians would be occupied for years . 
  it would be like afghanistan 2.0 . 
  because he wants to appeal to stupid voters . 
  his mother was scottish . 
  between an islamic caliphate and a ruthless dictator , not really sure who is worse ( probably the caliphate ) . 
  the most probable outcome will be that syria is partitioned along ethnic and religious lines . 
  yes the fact that he has murdered unarmed protesters , bombed his own people , and has now invited foreign armies into syria delegitimizes his claim to control the entirety of syria . 
  the fact that he only controls roughly half of syria is evidence that , most syrians do not want to be governed by the assad regime . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-22798391 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/10697998/syria-conflict-anniversary-who-controls-what.html, 
   i do not think it 's invading when the actual government of a nation allows you in . 
  except that the assad regime has ceased to be the legitimate government after he decided to murder unarmed protesters . 
  why do you think that more than half of the country has taken up arms against him ? 
  and nothing will turn the population against assad more than foreign armies conducting military operations within syria . 
  i am sure that the authorities will not even consider any claims of diminished value that will come about by housing refugees in your property . 
  the germans are trying so hard to convince the world that they are not nazis anymore . 
  if it is such a good deal why would anyone refuse ? 
  is it possible the the `` fare market rate '' might not be very fare ? 
  and what happens if the damages caused to the property by the tenants exceeds the compensation amount ? 
  and what happens if the damages caused to the property by the tenants exceeds the compensation amount ? 
   so why the attempted exclusion then ? 
  obviously it is a us/zionists plan to invade europe with radical islamist in order to destabilize european governments and be able to pass ttip for the sole purpose of flooding europe with gmos and antidepressant mind control pills . 
  wake up sheeple ! ... 
  removes tin foil hat . 
   i was paraphrasing , probably `` root of all evil '' is a bit over the top .
