does it matter whose nationality the people are they 're cutting heads off to have a position about the general `` head-cutting '' ? 
   each country shows itself to it 's children as some kind of the power of good in a terrible world . 
  and speaks only of glory , sometimes which does not even belong to them . 
  speaking for my own history education : certainly not, 
  the eagle is still on a lot of german regalia , and especially the design shortly after the war and on the german mark didnt really differ that much though, 
  or the umbrella needle !, 
  `` communists '', 
  finlandia filled fazer chocolate is awesome , but really hard to find : (, 
  and to correct others !, 
  whats the purpose on `` grinding down '' the west ? 
  evil world domination plans ? 
  hate against the eternal supressor ? 
  economically it doesnt make sense at all , i may be wrong in this idea , but they 're more interested in keeping potential customers . 
  thats also one ( of many ) reason why the eu is financially supporting economically weak countries , to keep up the potential cash flow . 
  and china does partially similiar things in africa , not only to claim ressources , but to claim ressources while creating dependend markets ( partially because of debt and loan agreements ) . 
  to crush the western market doesnt make that much sense , while russia on the other hand is barely argueing economically right now , even though they 're absolutely aware of the implications , i think , they would create with their poker face politics, 
  its also important to remember china 's perspective , even though you might assume they are more willing to invest into russia because of their shared ideology , china is a highly capitalistic orientated country . 
  the western states are a far more important trading partner for china as well and its unlikely they 're going to endanger political relationships over russia . 
  its more likely they 'll want to see themselves in a neutral stance to remain economical open to both sides, 
  to compare the world fluctuation of immigration pre ww1 and today is quite bold though . 
  international , especially trans continental travel became some ordinary which made more complex bueraucracy ( to a degree , i concur ) necessary, 
  cant wait for the hollywood adaptation , liam neeson and the mossad against terrorism . 
  most people forget though , that russia needs german money at least as much, 
  being in your early twenties during ww2 , not sure wether thats worth it, 
  well it could always be better ... we even have a word for it `` weltschmerz '' comparing your own situation with an idealised idea of a perfect/better world, 
  luckily there 's still a difference between lobbyism and full-mob government, 
  oh , my friend , sadly i think you really underestimate the cruel intelligence of the nazi empire , that surely had n't much in common with `` thugness '' . 
  which doesnt mean they did n't ( fortunately ) made some rather dumb decisions in terms of politics . 
  i 'd say depends where you listen to people . 
  probably cdu , even though all common parties are far more liberal for american standards, 
  because they represent christian conservative values without using christianity as a stand alone argument . 
   we got `` dosenpfand '' which worked out quite well i think, 
  a cdu-green is still not totally unthinkable as well , lately both parties at least denied to rule it out completely . 
  if the percentages of the greens drop even lower than expected this is even less probable than before, 
  i wasrefering to your `` right wing rising '' part , everytime theres an election somewhere some people raise the finger to point at the right wing danger, 
  how is the situation in other countries at the moment ? 
  in germany they are anything but `` coming '' their member number dropped by half after a planned fusion with another smaller right wing party and luckily they 're not even near to get into parlament . 
  one of the major incomes they have is the election funds every official party has a right to . 
  they try to use their insufficient funds to gather as much attention as possible and create as much controverse discussion , hoping to catch a few votes and to get the extrem right wing voters they lost recently, 
  reverse psychology !, 
  clever !, 
  we have one girls school in my home town as well . 
  not bavaria but still catholic, 
  only if im allowed to bring westfalian roast with red cabbage and potatoes , we can share the pils though, 
  and to mention that ( at least in germany ) those fees are usually not paid to the `` university '' but to pay for social services such as unlimited public transportation , student meal plan , and student union activities . 
  was she actually called that ? 
  amd has a factory in eastern germany as well . 
  how should we hang out with the cool kids now ? 
  and also harder to get a visa for , they tend to be quite protective . 
  interesting , i as an intern in the uk make more money per month as the average wage worker in spain . 
  gets you thinking ... 
  whats the general russian relationship to ww2 crimes ? 
  i think this is a very important factor as well . 
  i doubt this was the first concentration/work camp merkel visited , not only as a politician but in general . 
  im german and during my high school days is visited two different camps and so did a lot of other students from different schools i know . 
  next to the general very detailed education in school of course . 
  i really like that they put custard on literally everything !, 
  german news had an interesting poll last week , asking different questions about the current government and how people agree with it . 
  are you happy with the government 's work ? 
  52 % yes are you happy with the government under merkel ? 
  56 % yes are you happy with the government of cdu/csu and fdp ? 
  ( two reigning parties atm ) yes 38 % 52 % doesnt sound that extra ordinary but it actually is the highest percentage for the last 16years . 
  additionally 76 % estimate their own economical status at the moment to be very good or good . 
  again highest value since the late 90s . 
  depends on what kind of paper . 
  brown cardbord is usally the lowest quality of paper and cant be recycled any further ( that easily ) , therefore paper gets downcycled , the lenght of paper fibres get shorter and shorter . 
  artificial `` meat '' has been eaten and served as a dinner before as well . 
  oron catts , founder of symbiotica a biological media art research group had a performance before , where they served a small peace of similiar artificial tissue . 
  probably because so many euro western movies were filmed in spain, 
  according to wikipedia it does also include illegal businesses such as drugs and forced prostitution, 
  count dubula !, 
  german numbers always have to be seen in a somewhat `` carefully '' light though . 
  since the last reforms a lot of people that arent technically full time employed or employed at all , arent counted into the official statistics . 
  alexander the great clearly only wanted to protect greek traders & minorities in india !, 
  germany used the same `` strategy '' to protect german minorities within czechoslovakia . 
  let 's say it 's not exactly uncommon !, 
  2017 , this time we 're sure !, 
  your article was correct , it is just this specific name which has a different gender based on the full name , therefore : `` well done ! '', 
  putin to replace clarkson ? 
  quote bbc : `` we we 're looking for a less violent alternative and he offered his services . '', 
  well , in that case ... go ... belgium ... i guess ... * sigh *, 
  sounds familiar, 
  refugee and migration questions aside , how do you feel about the other ( rather questionable ) positiones within their official party documents ? 
  such as climate change , sex ed etc. 
  well , to be fair , i 'm sure somebody out there denies the holocaust, 
  its not like their fears are entirely made up , they just fell to the easy answer who/what to blame , but entirely ignoring those fears and just marking them as racist/bigots ( even if correct for some ) is just as easy of an answer as the scape goating which created those movements in the first place . 
  by not addressing the issues you just push both sides further apart . 
  mpga ... i dont know ... doesnt roll that nice ... 
  except for the fact that most people didnt get more `` pounds '' of salary , which makes a conversion into usd pretts useless for the average consumer . 
  japanese has `` compound sentences '' !, 
  ( yes , yes they 're not really one word , just written without spaces , since the different characters actually help to differentiate where words start and end ), 
  isnt british isles a geographical term ? 
  therefore would make sense not to use it within politics, 
  a somewhat reasonable comparison ( sociologically ) is the no-speed-limit in germany i think . 
  as soon as some politician only remotely mentions something about it people go crazy , even though objectively it might be better for everyone involved . 
  we have top men working on it , be sure . 
  top men !, 
  + using the suez canal costs too !, 
  ( except if you wan na go the long way of course ), 
  technically correct , the best kind of correct !,
