  in particular , syrian refugees are relatively unlikely to commit crimes , at least from the available data . 
  in the last 5 years , crimes in germany for xenophic reasons ( against asylum applicants and similar ) have increased by roughly a factor 50 . 
  there is a rise in support for right wing parties , because the changes in our minds/our perceptions , as i said . 
  however , this is what we do , not what the refugees do . 
  the refugees are not changing our culture , we change our culture . 
  so the only large problem , yet , is that we get afraid . 
  afraid of what might happen . 
  but it has n't happened yet . 
  look up `` european union '' on wikipedia . 
  population estimate 508 million . 
  your point ? 
  but the external border is the mediterranean . 
  how can you prevent the refugees from crossing it ? 
  you need massive naval ressource , not even sure we have that in europe . 
  and what do you do if turkey gets annoyed and would actually put refugees in working boats , bringing them close to the border ? 
  we must find a way to make refugees stay in external countries , so we must negotiate with turkey , jordania , lybia , and we must mediate in syria . 
  or , germany/whole eu say `` wow , bribing turkey is so expensive and makes bad tv pictures , maybe taking the refugees in is actually not more expensive '' . 
  the laws are old , but they were made based on the experiences from ww2 , from people who experienced cruel suffering , making them understand the necessity of such rules to prevent for the future what happened in the past . 
  the human right conventions are an essential example of `` learning from history '' . 
  and yes , they lie at the core of what defines europe . 
  we expect every member to follow them . 
  we have a supra-national court to enforce them . 
  we speak abou them everywhere in the world . 
  and last but not least , many people are opposed to refugees because these supposedly do n't share our believe in basic human rights and freedoms . 
  in the case of european laws they are strongly connected . 
  the member countries signed the contract , which stated that the follow the laws . 
  we ca n't ? 
  like in `` 500 million people european union ca n't take less than 5 million refugees '' ? 
  like in `` increase in eu unemployment by 1 % will lead to collapse of europe '' ? 
  you know what , i 'm so sick of this `` blame germany '' . 
  tell me what you would have done differently than germany !, 
  what did germany do that caused the crisis ? 
  at the moment , everyone else is just pussying out of the real problems , hoping for germany to keep the border open so schengen and eu do n't collapse , and at the same time complaining about them . 
  while i agree that a secure european border and controlled intake of refugees should be the ultimate goal , i disagree when you indicate that austrias actions are helping to achieve that . 
  what they do , does not help to make less refugees coming in boats to europe . 
  it 's only a constraint of the distribution of refugees that are already in europe . 
  no , they ( eu ) are saying `` you ca n't , because you signed up for these rules , you made a contract with us , and we demand you to hold it up '' . 
  happens actually everywhere everyday . 
  it 's not like austrian politicians are saying `` we ca n't because a law we made '' . 
  the arrival of refugees in europe has , as of yet , no serious effect except the one in our minds . 
  no significant changes to economy or traditions/culture yet . 
  or which effects do you speak about ? 
  of course ( some ) laws must be reviewed and adjusted from time to time . 
  but changing laws that are designed to help people in need ( geneva convention ) , and that are derived from humanitarian principles which basically define our culture , at first instance they are called in action , that 's rather cheap . 
  also there 's a plethora of laws that are considered eternal . 
  for instance , murder should always be a crime , there should never be `` discussion '' about it . 
  so why not basic humanitarian rights ? 
  on one side , yes austria is making a sign towards eu that they have to act . 
  the legal argument from the eu is somewhat right and somewhat not . 
  austria must process asylum applications for those people who they let enter austria i.e. 
  did not sent them back based on dublin 3 . 
  so those refugees who are in already , they must either be processed in austria or austria must bring them to another country that is responsible under dublin 3 . 
  austria can not just leave the refugees alone like `` we do n't care what happens about you '' . 
  for future refugees i think it 's alright to say , `` look , we will take 80 everyday for asylum , even though we do n't have to according to the laws . 
  also we will let 3120 more in , but only for transit '' . 
  however , as long as austria has no agreement with other states ( germany ) to accept those 3120 , then they have to take care of these people again ( processing in austria or sending back ) . 
  on the other side , it is obvious that this is devised to take pressure from the austrian government , and solely so by shifting the burden to germany . 
  they do not really take a stand against greece or anyone in the eu , because they still let people in . 
  the very moment germany would say `` we close the borders '' , the austrians would change from `` 80 applications , 3200 entrances '' to `` 80 applications , 80 entrances '' . 
  the austrian government does acknowledge that a border lockdown would damage the whole eu and thereby themself -  `` someone must take refugees from balkans '' . 
  at the same time they say `` we do n't want to take many more refugees '' . 
  solution is -  `` germany must take refugees '' . 
  the number of 3200 a day is irrelevant at the moment , because it is more than the daily arrivals in january have been . 
  if the monthly arrivals would rise far above 90000 a month , and all would go through austria ( not very likely ) only then it would matter . 
  and even then , when germany would say `` we take them '' , of course austria would let them through . 
  no one claims that poland in terms of the polish government or the people in general or whatever took part in the holocaust . 
  there is no credible person who claims such . 
  whether single polish persons collaborated and to which extent is a question for historians and the polish society . 
  politics should not decide what the result of such research is . 
  however , from the news snip it is unclear whether that would be covered by the law , at all . 
  in general i prefer laws that forbid you from saying your country did nothing bad ( germany ) compared to those that forbid you to say , your country did something bad ( e.g. 
  turkey ) . 
  the latter always opens doors for authoritarian regimes and suppression of free speech . 
  also , is a polish law for this really necessary ? 
  if there is a `` bad foreigner '' trying to instigate hatred against poland , a polish law certainly would not prevent him from doing so ( as long as he is outside poland ) . 
  for the people of poland , why should they want to discredit a previous instance of the government ( not their current one ) against the facts ? 
  what could anyone inside poland gain from these claims ? 
  do n't make laws to impede free speech that are obviously unnecessary , this way they can not be manipulated from authoritarian politicians . 
  in contrast , there are very good reasons to forbid holocaust denial in germany , and even there people from e.g. 
  the usa have problems to understand this restriction of free speech . 
  in the polish case , it only seems like a `` childish '' act of nationalism . 
  the main aspects seems to unite `` us '' who suffered against `` them '' who do us ( accidental , supposed ? ), 
  injustice today , by saying mean things . 
  just that there is noone who does so . 
  it 's purely symbolic . 
  i believe that in a democracy people are entitled to different opinions , but not to approval or credit when their opinion is unreasonable . 
  independent of my own opinion , people need to decide how they want to shape the political development of europe but they should do so based on facts . 
  there are reasonable options both towards increased and reduced immigration ( both for which there are arguments ) . 
  but the options proposed in many comment sections these days ( or worse , in parliaments ) are most likely heavily damaging to all of us . 
  beyond that we must accept that european politics at the moment is mainly trapped between basic humanitarian treaties ( that we proudly signed and vocaly defended against the rest of the world in the last two decades ) , logistic constraints in sheltering refugees and in administrative manpower , preventing fast processing of asylum applications , and geographic circumstances . 
  basically , merkel does the only thing at the moment that she can do without ruining europe or getting overthrown . 
  she must demand cooperation and solidarity from european partners , because the german electorate puts pressure on her . 
  and she ca n't close the german borders before the refugee numbers have decreased far enough for greece to be able to cope with it . 
  in order for that to happen soon , she must negotiate with turkey . 
  many others can shout out populistic and nationalistic agendas which are favoured by many voters right now . 
  but most of all merkel ( and e.g. 
  hollande and cameron to some extent ) ca n't do that , because ( sorry for that ) `` they are the ones who call the shots '' . 
  between september 2015 and now , the open german border contributed significantly to prevent the collapse of the ( southeast ) european union . 
  i think juncker is right about this one . 
  - merkel was not `` inviting migrants '' .
