what you state about no-go-areas is not true , simply is that . 
  if at all you probably have them in saxonia because of neonazis . 
  germany has 80 million people , it wo n't be ruined by 2 millions refugees . 
  if you 're so convinced of your opinion , then maybe you start to actually explain it . 
  throwing down populistic or polemic one-liners is not really a sign of political insight . 
  at least i try to make my case . 
  chess against pidgeons it may be , question is always , who is the pidgeon . 
   we ca n't build a fence in the mediterranean . 
  we probably have a very hard time to control it by naval forces . 
  we are totally screwed if turkey starts to help refugees get out of turkey into europe . 
  we must negotiate with turkey and other neighbours of syria . 
  also , it 's not up to germany to close the external borders of the eu . 
  besides , germany is working to stabilize the external border . 
  first of all , from a purely `` capability '' point of view , germany is still able to deal with it . 
  numbers of refugees are still in the few percentage range . 
  main problems are short term , like not enough administration for fast procession . 
  what changed is that people do n't want it anymore . 
  we are a democracy , so that 's legitimate . 
  yes germany could have complained earlier . 
  but would complaining without acting stop the refugees ? 
  and how should germany have acted ? 
  as stated repeatedly , closure of the german border is not a good option . 
  i saw these news , too . 
  but it 's just making official and efficient what happens all the time anyway . 
  before they let the people walk , now the put them in trains . 
  all germany needs to do to stop it , is close the borders . 
  so , germany must to some extent have agreed to this procedure . 
  what i do n't understand from the balkans point of view is , why they do n't even try to sugarcoat their actions . 
  it 's as if they want to push germany to let them all go to hell . 
  have you taken a look at the map and compared the mediterranean around europe/greece to the ocean around australia ? 
  australia can catch them on the sea because they have a thousand times more space to find them and stop them . 
  also they have contracts with third countries to take those that ca n't be returened . 
  which countries will take houndreds of thousands from europe ? 
  australia and europe/greece are completely uncomparable . 
  australia 's policy would help nothing in the current situation in europe , because it would not work . 
  true , refugees want to go where they expect the most benefits and welcome . 
  this desire is legitimate . 
  i would want the same . 
  but it is upon us to decide where they can actually go . 
  germany and sweden and austria could say `` we do n't take them , it 's against the convention , they should be distributed fair '' . 
  next step , borders in europe are closed , greece collapses . 
  the problem is not where the refugees want to go , once they are inside europe , but that europe is divided about where to put them . 
  and the other problem is that they come to europe at all , but this is a problem europe can not solve alone . 
  please show me sources for significant economical consequences in europe . 
  anything that exceeds yearly fluctuations . 
  anything that comes close to e.g. 
  euro-crisis . 
  also which unrest do you mean ? 
  i talk about unrest on a scale that matters for society . 
  not single crimes . 
  ( statisticly ) significant rise in overall crimes or specific crimes would be interesting . 
  and i do n't mean mass protests against refugees . 
  first fo all , there are paragraphs in dublin 3 that are superior to `` register and apply in first european country entered '' . 
  then there are laws superior to dublin 3 affecting the overall stability of the eu . 
  from a law point of view , greece breaks them by letting refugees move on . 
  and every other country on the road breaks them too , by letting them go further . 
  but constraining the refugees to greece is understood by our governments as a massive risk to the stability of europe . 
  hence `` punishing '' greece by closing the borders is damaging ourselves . 
  so these laws are ignored for self protection . 
  eventually about austria , the eu does not demand austria to take more refugees than dublin 3 ( zero ) it just demands that austria takes care of those refugees , which are in austria . 
  ok , so it was bad from a part of the german population and politicians to say , with respect to those people who actually flee from war and who are elligible for asylum , `` why not be nice to them , maybe that will make it easier for all of us '' ? 
  or was it bad to say `` hey , hungary and greece behave like they ca n't deal with it . 
  we believe we can . 
  bring them here so hungary , and greece , and the refugees themselves are better of '' ? 
  really , do you really suggest to close the borders ? 
  have you spent one minute thinking , what would happen next ? 
  merkel did not `` invite '' refugees , she did not say `` we take all of them '' . 
  that is simply not true . 
  she was accepting syrian refugees that were stranded in the balkans ( because they could n't / would n't deal with them ) to germany , were she applied shortcut administration to accept the asylum applications ( because german administrative workforce was overstretched anyway ) . 
  whiel the maximum in refugees was after merkel 's statement , there was no change in magnitude . 
  people were already on their way . 
  what happens if germany stops taking refugees ? 
  all the countries along the balkans have to close the border . 
  greece gets flooded with refugees . 
  the eu has spend 10s of billions in greece economy , with assets at risk the size of 100s of billions . 
  those are gone when greece collapses . 
  cost of refugee crisis are not larger than that . 
  hence , germany ca n't close the border before the influx in the mediterranean has become manageable for greece . 
  until then , germany accepting migrants is what keeps schengen from collapsing . 
  we ca n't build a fence in the mediterranean . 
  we probably have a very hard time to control it by naval forces . 
  we are totally screwed if turkey starts to help refugees get out of turkey into europe . 
  we must negotiate with turkey and other neighbours of syria . 
  germany would be happy if asylum applications would be done in `` hotpots '' upon entering eu , with accelerated decision process who is eligible and who not . 
  it 's not merkels fault that many other states along the balkans are not pushing this idea forward , particularly greece . 
  so again , what did germany/merkel do wrong ? 
  what would you do now ? 
  and yes , this is the appropriate question because it 's the only one that matters . 
  we have a problem , a crisis if you want . 
  what should we do next , what do we want to achieve , what is needed to get there ? 
  well , what are you saying ? 
  `` the crisis is out of controll ... we ca n't take the people '' . 
  well , when we agree on the numbers , we can . 
  `` no difference between we ca n't and we do n't want to '' . 
  yes , giant difference . 
  `` we ca n't '' leaves no options `` we do n't want to '' means we have to balance it against the alternatives . 
  like throwing greece out of the eu . 
  or sinking boats in the mediterranean . 
  or trying to negotiate with turkey . 
  there are cases of crimes commited by asylum seekers , but there is no evidence ( yet ) for significant increase in overall criminality .
