on the other hand , we have more than 2 million refugees . 
  that 's like 20 times what you have . 
  this will be very inspiring for me as i am on my way to become an interpreter !, 
  and yet they are the freedom fighters . 
  ai n't that great ? 
  holy shit kek, 
  you know , i would actually take that over having syrian refugees but hey that 's just me . 
  is baris manco still your father ? 
  duuude znzjjzjxjxj, 
  brought me so much joy that i need my d\u00f6ner ayran now, 
  having only the thrace would probably screw up the size of the map and stuff . 
  plus it is too small . 
  awesome !, 
  ireland can into space too now :d, 
  * thanks *, 
  wait , baris manco is your dad ? 
  is that what you want ? 
  sorry m8 , its ours now, 
  so wait , what would happen if we fail to form a government after the early elections ? 
  cool cool, 
  i cri everytim, 
  so cute , ai n't it ? 
  it never affects anybody anyway . 
  almost everyone uses vpn . 
  thank you and best of luck man, 
  great explanation , thank you . 
  i wish my neighbors the best . 
  though , i have a question . 
  which option is most likely to win ? 
  yes or no , and why ? 
   concietous objectors no . 
  this is not an option in turkey . 
   left turkey . 
  like it 's fucking easy . 
  i do n't think you realize how hard things can be . 
  that was my first guess . 
  i mean still though , how come something that has happened 100 years ago is the same with what 's happening * right now * ? 
  we are not in a war with armenia , we 're kind of in a war with pkk . 
  topkek, 
  joining to turkish army is mandatory . 
  those soldiers had no other choice . 
  thought this was about pkk . 
  my bad . 
   yeah , and let 's also not forget about all the innocent people turkey has killed . 
  i do n't know what you mean by that . 
  believe me when i say isis is a concern for turkey . 
  i do not support erdogan but even i know that he considers isis as a concern . 
  turkey is in a really awkward situation right now . 
  whatever we do , it 's a lose-lose . 
  at least from what i can see . 
  they have slowed down and i do n't know the reason . 
  they definetely have and things have been more peaceful recently . 
  though , that does not mean they are those `` peace fighters '' or anything . 
  i might be missing the point but that 's the case . 
   implying i am a fan of both incidents, 
  haha , great logic . 
  lets just forget about all the innocent soldiers killed by pkk in a decade because ... isis !, 
  so much freedom !, 
  look , nothing against kurds here . 
  most of you fail to understand this . 
  i have a lot of kurd friends . 
  maybe even half of them . 
  my ex-girlfriend was a kurd . 
  we have nothing against kurds , our problem is pkk . 
  ** pkk does not represent kurds . 
  that 's true . 
  there 's no logical reason as to why did they attack . 
  so what is your point ? 
  turkey is considered as european nearly everywhere because that 's what makes most sense in many ways . 
  though yes , religion is not one of them . 
  you say it like everybody in turkey decided to attack a church . 
  it was just one stupid guy . 
  not trying to prove anything , i am just saying . 
  i mean you get his point though . 
  opposed . 
  it indeed is . 
  i spent my whole life in istanbul and i find this city scary . 
  not at all . 
  i ca n't see a coalition between mhp and hdp . 
  which means re-elections i guess ? 
  can confirm !, 
  hahaha , kinda sounds like my family relationship . 
  if they were to vote , they would vote for akp ( they do n't vote intentionally , idk why ) but me ? 
  hell no . 
  if i could vote ( missing to vote by 2 months dammit ) i would vote for chp and i am open about this to my family . 
  missing the opportunity to vote by 2 months , but go chp !, 
  turkey stronk, 
  happy independence day , latvia !, 
  it 's turkey man . 
  thats all i have to say . 
  thank you . 
   ultimately , it 's down to the people to make it 's government recognise it not in turkey . 
  this is why i hate the country i was born , and have been living in ever since . 
  the government just does n't care about me . 
  i do n't have a word . 
  i am pretty sure you 've heard about [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gezi_park_protests ) . 
  and do you know what changed after the gezi protests ? 
  nothing . 
  literally , nothing . 
  in fact , the government got worse .
