this seems to be fairly specific to d\u00f6ner in the uk . 
  the meat you get served as a d\u00f6ner over here is truly gross , while you 'll often encounter the same thing in germany , you can also find places which will offer real cuts of meat , rather than the reformed crap you invariably get in the uk . 
  edit : to clarify , by over here i meant in the uk , as that is where i live currently . 
  probably the best comment here . 
  thanks for the concise explanation . 
  no but i do recognize that i should n't judge the afd based on the limited reading i have done on their positions . 
  i also recognize the very real anti-euro sentiment that has emerged and understand their concern . 
  very real mistakes were made in the way the euro was set up but i continue to believe europe is best served served by reforming the eu rather than starting to dismantle it . 
  not a typo . 
  in germany you need to get above 5 % to enter the bundestag ( parliament ) . 
  the votes for the parties that do n't make it get reallocated such that an absolute majority does n't actually require 50 % of the vote . 
  in the past the absolute majority required between 46-48 % of the vote , this year because so many parties have n't reached the 5 % , the cdu needs only about 42.1 % of the vote for an absolute majority . 
  democratic ! = democratically elected . 
  modern democracy prides itself on some basic freedoms among them freedom of expression , which includes freedom of the press and we both know where correa and maduro stand on that issue . 
  you can walk into any supermarket in germany to get a sim card and sign up with a fake address online . 
  maybe if you suggest it to them they 'll trial some and if people like it they might stock it permanently . 
  i agree completely but i also wonder how representative my perspective is . 
  however as a trend we are by far the most educated and cosmopolitan generation there has been in history . 
  i think we agree , it 's simply going to take some time . 
  many young people are n't nearly as strongly attached to their nationality so there is certainly scope for further blurring of national boundaries . 
  i 'm fully supportive of the secular democrats that are behind these protests however i am also conflicted . 
  the secular elements in turkey are as we 've seen largely restricted to metropolitan areas and draw much less overall support than the islamic parties . 
  it seems conflict between the two sides is inevitable and this is only the reignition of a conflict , which we 've seen throughout turkish political history since attaturk . 
  the army has been neutered to some degree with recent reforms and the police force , which has much closer ties to the ruling akp , has been considerably strengthened . 
  hats of to the turkish protesters that are willing to push back against this imbalance in power . 
  at the very least it 's encouraging to see that even without the secular army , which itself has a less than stellar record , the turkish people are standing up and defending their rights . 
  edit : as for intervention of unarmed external security forces , i think you can forget about it for the near future . 
  i doubt very many countries would be welcoming to the idea of letting a foreign security force into their country . 
  could you imagine a german officer policing the greek riots ? 
  it 's been two decades since the first gm crop approval , how many until you 're convinced ? 
  at a certain point of economic development authoritarian government becomes infeasible . 
  you 'll see it in china soon enough , a growing and increasingly wealthy middle class will not put up with excessive restrictions on their economic and social freedom . 
  but you 're right the industrialisation of a country does not require a democratic government . 
  when many people are dying of starvation there is an underlying problem , which is that the local economy does not produce sufficient food driving food prices beyond what some people can pay . 
  food aid is merely a bandaid in such a situation and possibly a harmful one because if food is free local farmers ca n't make a living , further perpetuating the systemic problems . 
  i 'm fully supportive of your ( and oxfams ) second point , which is that countries should make every effort to go after tax avoidance and institute international agreements to combat it . 
  hopefully next month 's g8/g20 meetings will make some progress on that front . 
   we 've found there 's enough potential tax to be had on hidden `` private '' money to end extreme world poverty twice over . 
  this is the part i was objecting to , you can not fix extreme poverty with development aid . 
  some programs can be helpful sure but true change can only come from within , when locals build their own economy and institutions to support it . 
  while tax avoidance on this scale is obviously despicable , claims about it being enough to end poverty are almost always bullshit . 
  what do oxfam propose , handing everyone free money and food ? 
  the money would land back in the hands of the rich in no time and the poor would be temporarily better off . 
  unfortunately there 's no better way out of poverty than slow economic development , improving infrastructure and building democratic institutions . 
  german in the uk reporting in , this ( wo ) man speaks the truth . 
  could n't imagine going back . 
  true but the chart and this title are labelled child poverty . 
  only payroll tax at that income level , amounts to 6.2 % or $ 1,550 , which leaves $ 23,450 , still enough for a decent living for a single parent in most places . 
  edit : calculated taxes for $ 50,000 not $ 25,000 fixed now . 
  this also leaves out state income taxes and earned income credits . 
  he has a point , someone who makes 50 % of us median wage still earns more than someone who makes the full median wage in greece , czech republic , portugal , estonia , poland , hungary and slovakia . 
  you might be comforted by the fact that the us has the highest median income . 
  someone who earns 50 % of us median income still makes more than the median income in greece , czech republic , portugal , estonia , poland , hungary and slovakia . 
  he is correct in so far that israel receives disproportionate attention for their human rights violations at the un . 
  compare for example , the number of resolutions condemning saudi arabia or china , vs. those condemning israel . 
  whether that is justified or not i ca n't say , israel puport to be a democracy after all and should therefore be held to a higher standard , but factually salvaxe is correct . 
  of course it 's a self created problem , what do you think would have happened if the haircut had n't happened ? 
  that 's right , those banks and greece as a whole would have collapsed entirely , cypriot banks would have come away with nothing and collapsed in turn . 
  they were perfectly aware of the risks but were happy as long as they could pay out 5 % interest rates . 
  i agree with your second paragraph though . 
  then why are you berating germany for what 's plainly the most sensible course of action ? 
  some ( fairly limited ) pain for the investors who most benefited from the irresponsible behaviour of the banks , protection of deposits under $ 100k , no contribution from the cypriot tax payers and a majority contribution from the eu . 
  unless you want to bail out all large investors using eu or cypriot tax money , this is by far the most painless solution . 
  i agree with pretty much everything you 've said but you 've left out what you think should happen . 
  are you saying we should simply bail all your banks out and once again reward bankers and investors for their irresponsible risk taking ? 
  because that to me seems far more dangerous than anything germany has suggested . 
  then what 's your suggestion for the way out of this crisis ? 
   if you lend someone a shit load of money when all the signs say they wo n't be able to pay it back , well the lender has to bear some of the blame . 
  in context of spain , greece , portugal and co. this rings true , it just has nothing to do with what happened in cyprus . 
  they did n't borrow lots of money , they did n't run huge deficits , they simply mismanaged their financial markets to an astonishing extent and took on risks they could n't manage and now you 're saying we should reward the rich oligarchs that drove this process on . 
  you may not go so far as using the term nazi , but by calling the process undemocratic you legitimize the people who do . 
  it 's not undemocratic to attach strings to a large financial transaction . 
  if the cypriot banks were brought to their knees by something germany did , i 'd agree with you . 
  but as it is , they completely mismanaged their deposits , with little to no governmental oversight . 
  in the longer term a stronger banking union and therefore better transnational regulatory bodies could ensure this does n't happen again . 
  but to complain , as the self-inflicted crisis is upon you , that you do n't like every term set out by the people trying to help you and then to call that undemocratic is simply galling . 
  especially as germany has suggested the least painful solution , which will limit the burden to the average cypriot tax payer , while charging those who have benefited the most . 
  but no let 's defend an unsustainable system , where large investors were taking advantage of lax oversight and high interest rates , at the expense of everyone else . 
  so what you 're saying is : `` give cyprus money no questions asked or you 're an undemocratic nazi '' . 
  if the cypriot government wanted it that way it could tell everyone to fuck off , let their banks collapse and start printing cypriot pounds again , there 's a reason they have n't done that . 
   you have a funny idea of what democracy is . 
  it certainly does n't mean you get to decide what other countries do with their tax payers money if that 's what you 're hinting at . 
   the economic model did not destroy itself . 
  the fact that they could n't offload greek bonds fast enough destroyed it . 
  holding high risk , greek bonds was their business model , how else could they pay 4-6 % interest rates in the midst of a crisis . 
   sure , if tax dumping is considered a no go then the countries doing it should stop . 
  but the process can not happen overnight ; that is madness . 
  i completely agree that germany & co. need to stop waiting until the last second to agree to any real reform but now that a crisis is here there 's no other options . 
  sure and if cyprus was wanting to bail out its banks purely from their own tax payers money they 'd be perfectly entitled to go right ahead , fucking over the cypriot tax payers in the process . 
  but it 's not cypriot tax payers who 'll be paying for a majority of the funds and as such it 's beyond ridiculous to call it undemocratic . 
   `` destroy your economic model overnight because i feel it is immoral '' . 
  strawman , much ? 
  the point is without significant cash injections the economic model will destroy itself . 
  so what you 're actually suggesting is continued cash injections with no questions asked , mainly to the benefit of the rich investor class . 
  basically your argument is , give us money or we 'll call you a nazi . 
   germany , being the most powerful is trying to swing all countries in the euro it 's way , and it 's using it 's clout in the eu to do so . 
  then please tell me , what 's the alternative ? 
  allow everything to collapse ? 
  had germany allowed that to happen to greece , cypriots would n't be looking at 10-25 % cuts to their bank account , it 'd all be gone by now . 
  cyprus is being ruled by a corrupt elite trying to protect the large investors in whatever way possible and you 're complaining about germany being undemocratic .
