  you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  cypriots are clammering to bail out rich investors with cypriot tax payer money by privatizing pension funds and the like . 
  germany is simply asking rich investors to pay part of the price , especially as they are the ones who have benefited from high interest rates for years . 
  in other words germany is saying it 's not fair for innocent cypriot tax payers to bare the burden of the rich investor class that fucked up and for that everyone is telling germany to stop being nazis . 
  it 's a joke . 
  so what 's your suggestion ? 
  give them all the money they want ? 
  let the banking system fall apart entirely such that all deposits above 100k might disappear completely ? 
  i really do n't understand what it is people who complain about coercion really want . 
  i agree with much of what you said but at times it just comes of as rambling and it addresses none of my points above . 
  in particular , the solutions you seem to be suggesting are even bigger give aways to the bankers and large investors or in fact throwing out your entire banking system in one swift motion . 
   do you seriously believe that is ok to destroy a country over 12bn euros ? 
  no and i never said so . 
  investor confidence in cypriot banks is already destroyed , even without the bank levy . 
  what we 're now arguing about is whether the banks should be bailed out with eu money , tax payer money or depositor money . 
  there is no way around giving them eu money because as you said we do n't want to be destroying the country and tax payers from germany & co. can still afford these expenditures . 
  however , between giving them tax payer money , which is what is being proposed now with the various bond issuance scenarios , and depositor money i can clearly say which is preferable and that is depositor money because they are the ones who actually benefited from the risky loans made by the cypriot banks . 
  instead what we 'll see is that cyprus is about to privatize public assets and issue bonds , which will be paid back from cypriot tax money , i.e. 
  people who had nothing whatsoever to do with the risk taking of the banks . 
  cypriot tax payers are about to pay for the fuckups by the banks , which will result in increased tax rates , privatizations etc. 
  and the cypriots are cheering this process on . 
   i am talking about the harsh stance against a country member of the eu taking into account that the required amount . 
  the point i 'm making is that looking at it realistically it 's not actually a harsh stance . 
  you invested in high risk markets , which brought you extraordinary returns and now that the risk has come back to bite you in the ass you complain that a levy , which simply wipes out the high returns of failed high risk investment , is unfair . 
  instead you will likely get bailed out , in effect subsidizing the risk you took by putting the money into cypriot bank accounts with high depositor interest rates . 
  of course < 100k accounts should never be touched because insurance would cover that amount even if the bank folded entirely . 
  a few comments , because i still do n't really know how i feel about the account levy . 
  germany was not the one who proposed going after accounts < 100k $ , that was your politicians . 
  secondly , cypriot banks have been paying  4 % interest rates since the beginning of the crisis , that 's compared to the average for german banks , which was ~ 1.5 % . 
  that means that even with the bank levy money invested in a cypriot account would have returned more than money in a german account . 
  the lesson being that high depositor interest rates are coupled with risk and this time the risk did n't pay off ( or rather should n't have paid off but will because the eu is now about to subsidize these bad investment decisions ) . 
  it is actually your fault if your bank is paying you  6 % interest rates and you never consider whether that 's sustainable or how much risk has to be accumulated to keep that up . 
  good points , guess we 're about to find out . 
  because germany will be the largest contributor to the bailout fund . 
  all that we asked was that they contribute 5.8 billion to their own rescue . 
  messing with < 100k deposits was never our idea . 
  its mainly because their banking sector is huge compared to their population . 
  also you can be sure the uk is n't paying to bail out some cypriots , hard enough to justify to your closest neighbour with whom you share some of your largest banks , less so with a tiny country on the other side of europe . 
  an exit will be exceptionally painful for cyprus but since they prefer that over taking a cut in their bank accounts , let 's just wish them all the best . 
  no , since it was never a law . 
  no , the plan is to reduce borrowing to zero , whether that is manageable or even a good thing is questionable though . 
  bond yields are at a record lows and the other european economies are still struggling considerably , i 'm having a hard time seeing this as a good thing . 
   what 's stopping malicious apks from running ? 
  uhm , just a guess , but maybe an anti-virus program ? 
  worst experience i 've had in munich tbh . 
  there really are better things * than getting drunk on overpriced beer surrounded by vomiting tourists . 
  meh , munich is nice but boring and far too expensive ( and therefore filled with snobby rich people ) . 
  i prefer berlin over munich any day . 
  hurray a billion euros in funds when i 'm only a year and a half from finishing my phd project in computational neuroscience is fabulous news , i might actually find a job now . 
  you underestimate the pro-russian sentiments in germany but yea in case of actual threat of aggression those numbers would obviously shift considerably . 
  never , last time i landed in miami i was stuck in a queue at passport control for 4 hours and missed my connection . 
  the airline suggested i send a complaint to immigrations - i would 've laughed but by this point i 'd gone through phases of being severely pissed off , hysterical laughter and finally complete exhaustion . 
  the recent election debacle only confirmed my view of florida - in my mind you guys never get to actually enjoy the sun because you 're perpetually stuck in queues . 
  in what meaningful sense does not attending the eu fisheries committee improve the chances of the uk leaving the eu ? 
  except his non-attendance is n't exactly going to wreck the eu , all it 's doing is ensuring that british interests are less well * represented within the eu . 
  interesting , decided to read up on it . 
  basically the peak wavelength of your `` green '' photoreceptors is shifted more closely towards lower ( redder ) wavelengths , which makes distinguishing the two slightly harder especially for colours with components of both . 
  so you do n't `` just see colours differently from a normal person '' , you have some difficulty in discerning red from green . 
  if you can still tell whether a single spot is red or green would n't you be able to ( mentally or physically ) mark all the red spots and work out the number even if you ca n't tell from a brief glance at the circle ? 
  yes but they all rely on finding impairments , if he saw the full spectrum of visible colors but his experience of them was slightly different there 'd be no way of knowing . 
  how do you know ? 
  surely only if there 's some kind of impairment in distinguishing between colors can you actually tell your vision is different from someone else . 
  chrome is n't the stock browser on android though . 
  sounds about right , i 've also got a swiss citizenship through my mother and have n't lived there a single day of my life . 
  came in handy avoiding conscription in germany and never caused me any problems . 
  for travelling purposes it 's basically equivalent to an eu passport . 
  as heiminator has said , it 's pretty much restricted to women and some proposals have been made to offer targeted educational grants for particular immigrant groups . 
  while it might grab some headlines it 's definitely not something i worry about or that 's likely to seriously affect my job prospects . 
  does this actually happen anywhere apart from the us ? 
  that 's not what his question implies at all . 
  he 's merely inquiring as to the legal option for appeals left open to breivik . 
  you gave subjective examples and then so did i. 
  neither of us provided data that would even begin to address your assertion but since you made the initial assertion the burden of proof quite obviously lies with you especially as your argument deals in absolutes while i readily conceded that the private sector will invest more effectively in some situations . 
   but my original statement was that government can not invest as good as the private sector ( including citizens ) . 
  exactly , you made a claim which you can not adequately support and are now berating me for not providing facts or evidence . 
  i do n't disagree that the private sector can do some things more efficiently but you made a specific and very broad claim , which is either counter-factual or not sufficiently supported by evidence . 
   in the meantime , the uk flushes its remaining international goodwill down the drain over chasing a journalist you mean ecuador is flushing its goodwill down the drain by breaching the vienna convention , the uk has long since retracted its threat , which was admittedly overstepping the mark . 
  the rest i can agree with . 
  alright then . 
  just look at the us , you have huge expansions in education and health care costs over the past few decades even though these systems are privatized to far larger extents than in europe . 
  pretty much all western countries have recognized that the government can do some things more efficiently including health care , transport infrastructure , public education and basic science research . 
  your examples pretty much exemplify the situations where it makes sense to socialize the costs . 
  additionally you will find that countries with the highest effective tax rates are those with high hdis and standards of living . 
  what makes that a better location in your opinion ? 
  it 's even further from central berlin and the s-bahn goes nowhere near it . 
  i do n't know really know what the point of this post is . 
  public schools are n't perfect but not everyone can afford to enter a private school . 
  other countries which have a single-payer health care system have much lower medicine prices . 
  energy subsidies were a gamble but given that we are facing a huge global crisis , someone had to support alternative energy production methods , which are as of yet non-competitive with fossil fuels . 
  sure private companies can do some things better but to assume that this is generally the case is simply counter to our economic understanding . 
  berlin has traditionally been a poor city , which really is n't too surprising given its history . 
  there 's no industry to speak of and the creative/technology sector is only just starting to emerge there . 
  additionally , tourism has emerged as a glimmer of hope , which is why i think the airport is so important . 
  having grown up there , that 's actually what i enjoy most about the city , it 's dirty , it 's grimy but it 's fun , much like wowereit has said : `` it 's poor but sexy '' . 
  hamburg and munich are nice cities and all but they just do n't have the same feel to them . 
  tegel is pretty much my favourite airport but even i can see that a capital city needs a larger airport especially as all the existing ones have been stretched way beyond their capacity and the tourism boom in berlin is far from over . 
   a government will most likely invest worse than private companies , so best they can do to prop up the economy would be to lower taxes . 
  you say this like it 's a long settled fact when in reality it depends on a number of factors , particularly who you aim the tax cut at . 
   on failing silly airport projects to be fair , berlin really needed a decent sized airport instead of three tiny ones . 
  mismanagement and bad planning by no means make it a silly project .
