  globalism makes cultures more diverse and less defined , which does not help `` english culture '' , and is not the result i want anyway . 
   because time and time again , it has been proven that foreign intervention does n't work . 
  because we throw half of the foreign aid at corrupt governments , and the other half at massive organisations like the un who just deal out food in crises . 
   we ca n't solve the world 's problems yes we can , you just do n't want to bother thinking of solutions . 
  much better to leave them to rot and ignore it , right ? 
  if only i had your lack of sympathy . 
   trying to import savages wo n't make europe more diverse and tolerant , it will just destroy everything our forefathers built , now why exactly would you want that ? 
  calling all africans , and general poor people from poor countries , savages , is fucking disgusting of you . 
  differences between second-generation immigrants and native citizens are next to nothing , hence , immigration and integration does work on some scale . 
  in addition , it wo n't destroy jackshit , because we have the infrastructure to deal with change and support a larger population . 
  the whole fear-mongering about foreigners outbreeding us and taking over has been done for the past half a century , and it still has n't happened yet , crazy right ? 
  if you think the richest countries in the world are n't equipped to deal with a small amount of brown people , then fuck you . 
   they have no resaurces lots of the obvious and easy mines stripped bare by imperialism . 
  the rest hard to access with a lack of ifnrastructure . 
   no land to grow food shit quality land that is mostly infertile , which pretty much every geologist would agree with . 
  along with monsoon seasons in many places , and arid seasons when the monsoon ends . 
   yea poor africans your trouble is seeing them as a concept rather than as regular humans who happened to be born and raised in an awful environment . 
  but it 's all their fault right ? 
  if you were born in africa , you would singlehandedly make it on par with european standards , right ? 
   the universe is deterministic and luck has nothing to do with it . 
  no it is n't , that 's just your opinion that you feel is objectively correct just because you hold that opinion . 
   it 's not as if at the beginning of time each family line was assigned to a rich or poor society at random . 
  no , the sucessive efforts of my ancestors to make a better society for their children , and then their children , is what gave the conditions for my parents to meet and have me . 
  i can only be the result of that chain of events . 
  you 're making a very idyllic case for the fact that gold diggers get with rich people and then have kids that barely need to work for the rest of their life , whilst all of them are entirely ignorant to the struggles of other families . 
  my point is , as soon as a few people have supposedly done `` the work '' that makes a modern society , their children do not automatically get recognition for that work , especially since they then have to do very little for their nation , because the `` work '' has already been done . 
  so what the hell are you even saying here ? 
  you 're a special snowflake spirit who was bound for whiteness ? 
   someone who was born in africa could n't be me . 
  yes they could . 
  you think you 're a special `` white-skinned '' spirit that had to be born in a first-world country ? 
  your consciousness was not somehow destined , before it 's very existence , to be white by any means whatsoever , same goes for people in africa and their `` birthright '' . 
  in fact , fuck birthright . 
  the overarching point is that where you are born should never determine your quality of life by any means . 
   it 's bad because if you want to make policy it should be based on facts . 
  like `` africans are lazy '' right ? 
   additionally , often what on the face of t looks good , is actually very harmful , for example , foreign aid to africa has absolutely killed the domestic farming industry in remote tribes making them completely reliant on aid . 
  eu farm subsidies have done that , taking away an entire industry from an entire region . 
  in addition , maybe explain your point further , in what way has direct foreign aid done that ? 
  larger farms in the cities ? 
  plus , angela merkel 's invitation for the whole of syria to come to germany has made thousands of people go through an extremely risky and dangerous trek in the hands of criminals , halfway across the planet . 
  this is n't even really a point at all , let alone a fact . 
  `` we ca n't be accepting war refugees now , that would destroy our culture '' . 
   genetics and culture actually . 
  why is it better ? 
  do you actually know or are you dismissing the argument because that group was affiliated with it once ? 
  oh i know , i just think it 's total bullshit . 
  the asians have one of the largest iqs and yet they are only just now starting to become rich , after centuries of european dominance . 
  the world is not a meritocracy , otherwise you 'd be supporting asian cultural hegemony over our own . 
  in addition the flynn effect means that iq rises over time , and the largest increases occur in europe , because of already existing infrastructure , education , and technology . 
  why is it crazy to say this happened over centuries of european dominance ? 
  of course `` white people '' have higher iqs , we 've lived in perfect environments for years , you still should n't use that to belittle the `` dumb africans '' . 
  you should use it as an excuse to help build their infrastructure , and see if we can ; t help them , rather than just accept the fact that some `` inferior '' people ( in your mind anyhow ) are just going to have shit lives no matter what , because you want to protect your rich country that you got handed top you by being born in it . 
   you seem to think that everyone deserves the same standard of living as us in the west . 
  without taking into account that standard of living is earned . 
  and you earned it by doing what exactly ? 
  being pushed out of your mother 's birth canal ? 
   our quality of life was worked hard for by us for our future generations and by our ancestors for us . 
  you would give this away to people who have done little to better their own condition . 
  i 'm only asking to give them the same opportunities that we , as a generation ( or generations , i do n't know how old you are ) have been given simply by being born . 
  why do you disagree with that ? 
  why should africans work as hard as our ancestors supposedly worked ( which i still disagree with , but , for the purposes of your viewpoint i 'll make a different argument ) instead of having to work as hard as we do in doing fuck all and simply being born white ? 
   this is because you 're a cultural relativist - another hallmark of far left thought - you assume all cultures are equal and therefore to criticize or rank them is insulting ( again feels ) . 
  the culture of fgm , stoning , institutionalised sexism , fundamentalist religious thought is fucking awful . 
  is that what you want me to say ? 
  i also think our european ancestors history of killing each other over religion and resources is awful , yet somehow those guys built our entire modern infrastructure , according to you , despite having shit viewpoints . 
  hence , my point . 
   culture is the shared values , ethics and principles that a people have . 
  factors that can influence standard of living , law and order , government and how successful a people are i.e. 
  enlightenment values brought about technological success . 
  which can be changed and stabilised by education and stability . 
  we have these liberal views because we no longer have to worry about self-preservation , so lets give them that too , and make the world satisfied with life . 
  i would also argue that technological success brought about enlightenment values . 
  remember a lot of technology came from the middle east back in their golden age . 
  of course we disagreed with that so we destroyed the place through years of imperialism , but it 's just because they were so lazy !, 
  being in a stable enough environment ( europe ) , mostly disease free because of colder weather , less drought , more rivers , has allowed us to stabilise , allowed better values to flourish , and then allowed technological success , which turned into a rolling snowball . 
  i want to give them that too , because they live in an area rife with disease , minimal rivers , horrible climate which is bad for crops , and massive drought . 
   a culture that does n't have enlightenment values will not succeed technologically . 
  kinda needs both to get the ball rolling . 
   open borders will not achieve cultural diversity . 
  it will do the exact opposite , cultural homogeny , and a regression to the mean i.e. 
  not western culture . 
  western civilization is a tiny minority on the global scale . 
  it will be diversitied out of existence . 
  you have n't thought this point through at all . 
  of course it will . 
  diversification of culture wo n't destroy our culture , it will spread it to other people , and their culture will become more in line with ours . 
  no , that 's how its supposed to work, 
   seriously ... just no . 
  not even a rebuttal . 
  good argument , convinced me . 
  look buddy , it 's easy to make a stable country on an obvious industry , with fertile land , and low levels of disease . 
  it 's gdp per capita [ barely dropped ] ( https://eh.net/encyclopedia/an-economic-history-of-finland/ ) in ww2 , so it remained stable throughout , so long-tterm , itt was fully capable of transitioning into primarily manufacturing , after having one of the most stable country for so long . 
  mostly because they could remain hidden up there , managed to repel russia , and thten stayed relatively neutral , with minimal economic backlash from ww2 . 
   lot easier to continue being successful than to build success from the ground up . 
  africa for the most part does not have a history of success and the institutions nurtured by that to build on . 
  exactly , so why do we get to bask in our forefathers work for free , whilst they don ; t get to ? 
  what do you see as being `` fair '' about that ? 
   why would you exclude corrupt governments ? 
  that corruption is the main reason they are not successful .
