   with regard to my metaphysical bullshit , you do n't seem to understand the words of a man who has n't even made a point worth reading . 
   i know what you 're trying to say but i disagree with it . 
  you do n't know , you are only reading , not digesting . 
  the evidence surrounds us . 
  all of human history has been spent making cultures larger , tribes to towns to cities to nations . 
  our wealthy society relies on tiny chinese hands to make our computers and clothes . 
  our abundance has made us selfless , willing to help people , and yet you still love to hold us back . 
   i 'll say that we are destined to be in our bodies because our consciousness is emergent from our individual differences in biology and brain structure neither of which exist before you are born ...  . 
  to suggest otherwise is to argue for a soul no , you are arguing for a soul , to suggest that you were always owed this life in a rich nation . 
  i am outright stating that birthright should n't , and does n't exist , because existence is random and spontaneous , and the consequences of this randomness should not determine whether we live a life of poverty or luxury . 
   this is what you argue for , you argue that our consciousness is separate from our brain , body and biology and that it is randomly assigned a meat sack at birth ( this is the only way `` i '' could end up in an african child by chance ) yes , because that is literally what happens . 
  you are literally saying that you could only have ever been white . 
  that is literally what you are arguing for right now , that there is no chance in hell that you could have ever been black . 
  do you really not understand the absurdity of that statement ? 
   this is not the case , our brain , body and biology determine our mind and consciousness - only my physical glorious anglo-saxon biology :p and brain could make my consciousness . 
  a body of african descent would 've had a different biology , produced a different brain and thus would 've formed a different consciousness . 
  it could n't be me . 
  alright fine , i 'll give yo one chance to explain this bullshit , although honestly , at this point i think you are literally just a 14 year old struggling to come to grips with the fact that life is chaos . 
  you , never needed to exist . 
  it could have been any consciousness , and person . 
  your consciousness , your personality , is formed by the life you lead , but at birth , you already have what we would call a `` consciousness '' , as in a simple awareness of life . 
  this awareness of life did not have to be in a white body , it could have existed anywhere . 
  so yes , you , as you are right now , are a `` white personality '' , you have lived your life white , and rich , but at birth , none of these traits you see now were present , you were a blank slate . 
  this blank slate could have existed in fucking any body . 
  if you were born black , you would have black personality traits , and for all intents and purposes , you would be raised black , and it would make no difference to you , because we are not literally transferring your current consciousness into another body . 
  in this hypothetical scenario , we are transferring the blank slate that became you , into another body , so it would not matter if it was you or not , that would be the exact same `` person '' , just in another body as a blank slate , and you would eventually become black . 
  is something about that hard to understand for you ? 
  do you want me to restate it ? 
   only my physical glorious anglo-saxon biology :p and in this statement my respect for you has dropped even lower than it already was . 
  arrogance is the most disgusting trait , and arrogance towards something you literally can not change about yourself is even fucking worse . 
   so unless you 're going to argue in favour of ghosts and superstition your hypothetical situation and point is moot . 
  complete misconstruction of my argument . 
  you are arguing in favour of destiny and predetermination , i am arguing in favour of complete randomness , so if anything , your argument is in favour of superstition . 
  suggesting life is predetermined is a theory , and until we have any tools to measure it , life is chaos , and any assumption otherwise is ignorant . 
  arrogance and pride are the worst of human emotion . 
  what was some of your advice ? 
  maybe some of the money we have as literally one of the richest nations in the world ? 
  or did you forget about that with all of your youtube links ? 
  possibly , but most people agree that current democratic systems are nowhere near representative enough to be able to call it actual `` socialism ''  i ca n't understand what hramos_3 is trying to say either . 
  me neither . 
   they did gave farming subsidies . 
  most of it was to actually destroy crops , so that the french could have their way . 
  then i disagree with that . 
  unfortunately lots of pricks are in power . 
  you still have n't told me where specifically you live . 
   well , maybe if europe stopped kissing usa 's ass and they stopped messing with our neighbours , there would n't be so many refugees and russians stealing `` parts of europe '' . 
  i agree , still does n't solve the problem at hand though , we need definitive solutions , not complaints . 
   so yes , feel free to saction the russians , and do n't forget to kiss uncle sam 's arse to buy gas from the saudis through a pipeline that will be built through a devastated syria . 
  never agreed with sanctioning them , but they are dicks , and they have semi-imperialistic tendencies . 
  we also should stop buying oil from oppressive places . 
   democracy is working wonders . 
  gave us brexit & donald trump what ? 
  voter apathy caused brexit ( would n't have happened if everyone voted ) , and undemocratic systems caused trump . 
  he did n't even get a majority , hillary did . 
   just check how many people left portugal for another eu country/switzerland since 2008 . 
  probably something to do with unstable economies , since it was the recession . 
  which only furthers my point that we should be working on coming up with ideas for everyone else , to stabilise everywhere . 
   . even refugees wo n't accept one of the most peaceful places on earth that i know of . 
  an european country , rich and plentiful !, 
  first of all , portugal is not rich . 
  they have just over half the average gdp per capita of the eu , that includes eu countries like romania and poland . 
   the work is never done , for society it 's a continuous work in progress that can fail and succeed at any time and i think progress , scientific , technological , societal , or otherwise , will be more quickly advanced by helping in thousands of hearts and minds in sorting their shit out , and having the free-time to join us in science . 
   however , the `` inherence '' of a good society by the parents is not a free gift , it is also a birth-responsibility . 
  no it is not . 
  it is so much easier to skate by on life in a first-world country than a third-world . 
   it imparts a duty to the children to maintain or improve that inherence for future generations . 
  first of all `` inherence '' is n't a word , so i have no idea what you 're saying , so i 'll try and guess . 
  secondly , i am the current generation , and i want to help everybody , not just my country , so why should my wishes be shunned in favour of nationalists ? 
  either way we are helping people , so what 's the difference ? 
  some of the people are brown and some are n't ? 
   there is no such thing as ghosts or souls . 
  there is no random allocation of a soul to body at birth . 
  you are a result of the biology of your parents . 
  your brain and thus consciousness runs off the same deterministic laws of science and hereditary . 
  you 're trying to sound fancy here by `` disproving '' what is essentially your own comments . 
  you suggested that you were somehow destined to be white , and that there is no way your white destiny could be taken from your white consciousness . 
  completely ignoring the fact that your consciousness does not care what country it is in until you have to suffer through it . 
  your fate was not pre-determined to be white before your birth , so stop with the psuedo-metaphysical bullshit . 
   that said , my point is that we ca n't dwell on what could be and that which is not possible anyway ( it 's simply an emotional manipulation tactic - unless you think that parents with sucessive generations of caucasians living in europe can suddenly produce a negro in africa ) . 
  rather , we should focus of what has been , is and what will be . 
  thank you for entirely misconstruing my point . 
  did you seriously think i was trying to say `` white parents in europe will have a black baby in africa '' ? 
  no , the point is that you as a person could have been born anywhere else . 
  your current body could simply not be under your control , and you could instead have been born as an african . 
  you were not predestined to be white . 
  do you understand me ? 
   i was born with this debt of responsibility to my ancestors . 
  i need to fulfil that responsibility to the best of my ability . 
  and you want to do it by helping white people , and no one else ? 
  what do you see as your `` responsibility '' ? 
   yes , and ? 
  you prefer to be a teacher or a doctor here ? 
  i am not either of those , nor do i particularly want to be , i just think we as a generally rich society should do something about it . 
  inb4 `` so you do n't really care about poverty if you are n't willing to sacrifice your entire life for it '' . 
   probably not , but what you 're saying is that we need a huge regulating entity to ignore these events . 
  no , i am literally saying the opposite . 
  do you think i agree with the government even when it fucks up ? 
   check `` bystander effect '' to understand why it is a concern having an entity that says that they regulate but then look the other way . 
  i still think it is way better than the alternative . 
  if we 're choosing one way or the other , i choose more democratic , representative , transparent government , over free-market .
