   get out of your fuckin ' bubble and understand that european people living in europe are struggling to survive as well . 
  we are talking about one particular issue right now . 
  why the fuck do you not understand that ? 
  do you think i just assume all people in europe are rich ? 
  poverty is a global fucking problem , and no one seems to even give a shit about making any changes to the system , government or economic , to fix that , you especially , since you seem to be a right-wing conservative ( just a guess , please correct me if i 'm wrong on that because it would honestly be a relief ) . 
   no one mentioned left or right and i could n't fucking care less about your political orientation . 
  it was a copy and pasted quote from me making fun of the guy who claimed i have `` drank too much of the far-left cool aid '' . 
  sorry it was n't 100 % accurate in this circumstance . 
   if you care so much about refugees , tell your fucking offspring of a country to stop dropping bombs and arming terrorist groups on their territories . 
  i fucking voted labour . 
  i did vote for stopping our goddamn arms-sales bullshit , and i think it 's horrific that so many people voted otherwise . 
   adamd22 : tell us your views someone : no more migrants !, 
  adamd22 : no , not that one . 
  tell us your views like i said , you only listen if people already agree with you . 
  so go back to the echo chamber and live happily ever after . 
  the echo chamber of caring about global poverty is much better than the echo chamber of `` muhh culture being destroyed '' . 
  either way i 'm not in an echo chamber , i am literally talking with those who have opposing viewpoints right now , so please tell me why that qualifies as an `` echo chamber '' , i 'd love to hear it . 
   for me it 's not really relevant . 
  most migrants end up leaving to central europe anyways . 
  but there are people who clearly are upset and affected , so do n't just diss them , it 's my point . 
  i will diss them , know why ? 
  because that 's the whole point of not being in an echo chamber , your views get criticised . 
  you seem to literally be advocating for me allowing an echo chamber to exist , just so i do n't offend the poor flowers who do n't like immigrants, 
  i 'm justified in making fun of disabled or depressed people because of free speech , does n't make me not a giant fucking moronic cunt for doing so . 
   i 'm not talking about the quality of life . 
  well i am , so we 're off-topic  the branch is about the culture . 
  and the `` culture '' of a great deal of these places involves stoning female adulteresses , allowing rapists to marry their victims , allowing children as young as 8 to be married , allowing female genital mutilation , having very little coherence or structure to their country , and just generally letting criminals have their own theme park for bribery and corruption . 
   i do n't think people are stupid because they have no access to the european education , like you do . 
  i think people are stupid if they don ; t have the capability to criticise some of their own ideas . 
  we are in a position in the world where we can decide that , maybe sexism is bad , these people seemingly do n't have that same rational thought , and i believe solving their crises and issues ( poverty , famine , clean water , homes , hospitals , education ) will help this . 
   i care more about real feelings than rational contructions , which have lost their value in the modern world . 
  wait , what ? 
  why is rationality somehow worse than feelings ? 
   you behave yourself in the previous comment like another regular supreme white guy that thinks his european culture makes him better , smarter than some , for example , native american with his/her `` primitive '' beliefs . 
  okay , so the people i am arguing against are what exactly ? 
  i 'm not going to pretend like the quality of like in zimbabwe is anything like europe , yes , we do in fact have a better quality of life , and i would like to share that . 
  how the fuck am i the bad guy here ? 
   to fix the poverty you need to be a genious . 
  you surely may be the one , i wo n't deny the possibility . 
  anyway , it 's not about education . 
  it 's about a smart head and a catchy eye . 
  so what qualities make somebody capable of solving poverty , in comparison to me ? 
  what do i need in particular ? 
   https://i.redd.it/zwy6v14zk4gy.png i agree with you . 
   you can comment anything , including poverty in sub-saharian africa , of course . 
  however i would pay more attention to comments of people who got through this poverty by themselves . 
  so you think someone who is in an area of africa with minimal education , minimal connection to the outside , world , minimal free time to develop ideas or philosophies or some critical thinking , has a better chance of having an idea that fixes africa 's poverty than you or i do , having all of those aforementioned things ? 
   the hell they do . 
  they have a corrupt , inefficient and sectarian government that holds no legitimacy in the eyes of a large portion of its people and is not actually in control of large areas it claims either with both the kurds and sunnis effectively ignoring the central government . 
  is it better than al qaeda being in control of the region ? 
   the iraq war was the single dumbest thing done by the united states since the response to the great depression and should not be repeated anywhere ever . 
  not that it could be either since the resources poured into that shit hole of a country were so massive . 
  it was a shit war , i agree , i 'm only trying to show you the fact that the iraqi army has managed to all but eradicate isis from their borders , and their democratic process is still holding up . 
  i 'm just gon na copy and paste because i might as well start at this point . 
   `` hey look everybody , this guy thinks people should n't be struggling to survive !, 
  what a leftist . '', 
  already seen it , do n't get how it disagrees with what i said . 
  i think we should spend money on building up their infrastructure , not bring over the entire population . 
  you people seem to disagree with every potential solution , preferring the `` leave them to suffer '' method . 
  and these would somehow be better with less regulation ? 
  magic hand of free market fixes all ? 
   southern europe migration rates vs northern europe . 
  what am i checking ? 
  immigration into those countries or away from ? 
  native or refugees ? 
   have you tried to migrate into one of those countries ? 
  maybe you could help from the inside `` hur hur throw leftists in the poor places since they love them so much '' helping from a position of wealth and power is a million times easier than trying to earn money from the inside , and use it effectively in the right place , with the right people . 
  the only way i could be useful if i migrated over there would be if i was a teacher or doctor . 
   bollocks . 
   look at russia , way more resources , land , and 3.5 billion people to trade with at their borders . 
  shit climate meaning agriculture is difficult , and also meaning accessing their resources is difficult since transporting things over rail does n't work in snowy wasteland ( rails snap ) , and other methods are even more impractical and expensive  and 3.5 billion people to trade with at their borders . 
  if only we did n't sanction them . 
  actually , i take that back , if only they had democracy and did n't invade parts of europe , so we did n't have to sanction them in the first place . 
  where do you live ? 
  even so , you live right next door to people who can give you massive farm subsidies , or massive food in case of shortages . 
  african nations have no such failsafe , and no money to buy the food in the first place . 
  they literally are . 
  the 28 members are each countries head of state . 
   drop the white badge and try to find some work in the private sector . 
  right there in brussels . 
  then you can come and talk about taxes and neoliberalism and socialism . 
  how is this relevant in any way ? 
  why would i want work in the private sector ? 
  in addition , what does the difference between private and government have to do with socialism ? 
  socialism advocates for decentralisation , not nationalisation , they are different things . 
  socialism is an economic change , not a government one , though some ( democratic socialists ) believe that it should be done through the government , it still has nothing to do with them . 
  seriously , explain this comment to me , because as someone who actually kind of understand socialism , talking to someone who clearly does not , i am entirely lost in what you are even trying to say . 
  soooo , keep everyone , in the bloc . 
  you are advocating for certain countries leaving the bloc ... 
   cultures do change and evolve , so people can survive . 
  that proves cultures are totally needful . 
  very broad definition of culture to call it `` necessary '' . 
  culture is n't `` necessary '' , it is simply always present , no matter what . 
  it changes , so allow it to . 
   as for me , your point ca n't be objective regarding national cultures since you do n't live in a post-colonial country . 
  if you do , you would know what dignity is . 
  you 're saying i ca n't comment on poverty if i have n't live in sub-saharan africa ? 
  my opinion would n't be objective either way . 
   it 's easy to be an englishman and talk for globalism , which runs towards the english culture . 
  no it does n't .
