  at best it was state-socialism , and at worst it was a fascist , inefficient , undemocratic dictatorship that would leave karl marx rolling in his grave . 
  yet it still turned russia into a global superpower for over half a century . 
  now look at it, 
  that does n't disagree with what i said at all . 
  i said culture is stupid either way . 
  in addition there are plenty of people in those countries who disagree with things like this , do you suggest we just leave them there anyway ? 
  we used to execute people by guillotine if we disagreed with them politically . 
  socrates was killed by a group of his peers for `` corrupting the youth of athens '' by teaching them to disagree with the state . 
  europe has done some pretty shit things as well , and some education and critical thinking got us where we are now . 
  so , let 's help them . 
   the us piled tonnes of time , effort and money into afghanistan and iraq , yet they 're still shitholes , you mean destroying all infrastructure and then trying to impose democracy afterwards ? 
  like i said , every aspect is needed . 
  however , even afghanistan is now a relatively stable nation , and iraq has all but eradicated isis from their territory . 
  they have n't torn each other apart yet . 
  but you consider it a viable solution to the migrant crisis ? 
  yes , by far . 
  what 's your solution , block the borders and leave them to die ? 
   we do n't even own that amount of wealth and power . 
  we own as much as america collectively , and even militarily we are on par in everything but aircraft , aircraft carriers , nukes , and oil . 
  so yes , we do have that wealth and power . 
  america is the same scale . 
  china is the same scale . 
  what 's the point in destroying them ? 
   their views greatly contributed to their current state . 
  trading position or climate are not related to their screwed views such as sharia laws or tribalism . 
  this is coming from a region that invaded the place for religious reasons . 
  yet , even despite those invasions and religious wars , we were still rich , because of everything else i mentioned . 
  views are a product of society , society over there is shit , give them simple education , and a stable environment to learn , and their views will be much more sympathetic to everyone else , much more peaceful . 
  we used to have views that anyone practising catholicism over protestantism should be killed , yet , again , at this point in history , we were still massively rich in comparison . 
   i guess you could call months of frozen water falling from the sky `` a bit chilly '' snow , you mean snow . 
  we also now have the capability to deal with snow quite easily as well , hence why we managed to go from populating the warm roman empire , to spreading north . 
   the point was that europe does not have an `` ideal climate '' . 
  sub saharan africa can grow three or four crops per year if they got their act together no they ca n't . 
  the reason zimbabwe struggles is because they have massive droughts year upon year that ruin their food supply , meaning they starve to death . 
  when 's the last time fucking germany had a drought ? 
   if anything africa 's ideal climate stopped the continent from developing the same sense of communal effort and delayed gratification that occured in europe . 
  they do n't have an ideal climate at all . 
  maybe they did in the dawn of civilisation , probably because the sahara desert had n't turned most of africa into a barren wasteland devoid of the capability to grow crops . 
  in addition , by the sounds of it you 're thinking about this historically , right ? 
  humans come from africa , must be fertile land , right ? 
  yes , sure , back when there was a major ice age . 
  the perfect climate back then was in fact africa , however the ice sheets have receded from europe , and over time humanity moved further north , so that they could remain in the ideal climate . 
  everything north of mid-germany used to be entirely iced over . 
  now look at it . 
  we are in the ideal climate . 
   you 're kind of forgetting that virtually everyone lived in mud huts the world over only 2,000 to 3,000 years ago . 
  do n't get how it 's relevant but they lived in stone huts for the most part , actually . 
  maybe limestone over in the middle east, 
  you realise none of this is any kind of rebuttal ? 
  imperialism is invading and taking resources . 
  i 'm advocating for what amounts to a money sink to us , and a happier world for them . 
  there 's a massive fucking difference . 
   russia has this . 
  turkey has this . 
  venezuela has ( had ? ), 
  this . 
  and all of them share a complete lack of democracy , and consistent education . 
  even the areas that do have a kind-of-democracy , did n't have the checks and balances that our countries have . 
  they need all of it . 
  also do n't all of those censor the internet ? 
   if you pile enough money into all african countries to lift them up on those countries economic levels ( pre-chavez for venezuela ) a lot of them will still go into chaos and even a lot of people in the other countries will still migrate to the eu as the grass is a lot greener here . 
  there will be less immigrants to the eu , and happier people in those countries . 
  something that will make both sides of the fence happy . 
   we have helped africa develop for decades and it has resulted in massive economic growth and improvements in life quality and lenghts . 
  yet people are still migrating . 
  growth is actually slowing in many of those countries , we simply shows we 've done nowhere near enough , and yet we expect easy results . 
  it 's a long term project , not something you throw money at to make go away in a year . 
   this development only makes them even more capable of taking the journey . 
  if we gave them an environment even slightly like ours , they would n't migrate . 
  why would a spaniard not simply go over to denmark to avoid spain 's current economic struggle , despite the infrastructure spain has ? 
  bad logic there . 
   another level of government  regulations to protect the people . 
  sure would be nice to live in a world without nutritional labels or seatbelts though , right ? 
   politicians reaping huge benefits from the eu . 
  why do you think they like it so much ? 
  how ? 
   overly complex and filled with bureaucracy much more simple than 28 different countries with massively different legal systems  waste of tax-money improving eastern europe and unifying a continent is no waste at all  killing industries with their fucking regulations you mean because we ca n't overfish any more ? 
  ha , please elaborate more on this one . 
   fucking small-business killing regulations that large corporations just love list a few  another fucking central bank . 
  speaking of which : the euro neither are bad . 
  centrals banks ensure a stable currency that does n't buy 10 loaves of bread tomorrow , and then half of one the next day . 
  the euro is considered brilliant by most eu supporters , what 's wrong with it ? 
   environmental goals , which usually involves helping companies buy shitty equipment because they emitted a tiny fraction less carbon dioxide . 
  or regulations . 
  but mostly it 's splashing tax-money on something the free market should fix hahaha , you think the free-market would fix climate change , good joke . 
  the `` free-market '' does not have long-term goals , that 's why almost every innovation in recent centuries has been by governments , or government funded entities , because corporations do n't give a shit . 
  progress would be so much slower without governments . 
  so people can govern themselves they wo n't . 
  all we would end up with is corporations filling the power vacuum that you just opened up to them . 
  how does it feel to live in one of the richest , most crime-free , long lifespan , high innovation , stable countries in the world ? 
  pretty good right ? 
  but you want to change that and live like singapore , absolutely no regulation , massive poverty , but at least the country is ostensibly rich !, 
  if you 're really going to support less government , at least go the socialist route and allow people to govern their own workplaces , instead of just handing capitalists power that governments currently have . 
  ever heard of horseshoe theory ? 
  your current ideology is actually closer to socialism than our current status quo . 
  so go check out socialist theory , ask a few [ questions ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/socialism_101/ ) , and at least be something i can somewhat respect , instead of being the guy who hands over power to corporations . 
  those places also tend to have boiling hot days and freezing cold nights because they are in the middle of a mostly flat plane where all heat dissipates at night . 
  they also have rainfall seasons where the climate is basically nothing but rainfall for 3 months . 
  europe on the other hand has a temperate climate throughout the year , not too much sun , not too much rain , not too drastic weather changes . 
  the worst thing to happen in europe is it gets a bit chilly .
