  your original comment here should basically conclude with `` no , i am not for globalisation '' , because picking and choosing your favourite parts , is not globalisation . 
  the fact that you are aggrandising your supposed rebuttal to me saying this is fucking hilarious . 
  you did n't `` prove '' anything , you little detective , you literally just said `` na '' . 
  that is n't proof , and the point did n't need proof anyway , it needed you to fucking understand it better . 
  no you fucking did n't . 
  look up globalisation , does it say you can pick and choose either of those 2 to your liking and it still counts as `` globalisation '' ? 
  jesus christ it 's like reasoning with a baby . 
  i claimed they came hand in hand , that 's the exact quote actually , if you want to check . 
  i said they came hand in hand , and the implication there was that they formed `` globalisation '' , which is the goddamn topic here . 
  picking and choosing your favourite parts of globalisation is bullshit and only works to exacerbate global poverty , and you seem to be advocating for that . 
   so you just like to hear yourself talk and is deliberately wasting my time with your gibbering and nonsensical whining ? 
  great . 
  `` he expected a decent talk about globalisation and it 's effects and instead got me , captain stubborn , and then he wasted my time by trying to be civil and sincere about his points . '', 
  that 's all i hear when i read that moronic statement . 
  are you always this much of a problem child ? 
  it 's hard to waste your time and words when neither are valuable in the first place anyway . 
  that 's like saying i 'm wasting a perfectly good egg carton by not fashioning it into a hat . 
  i tried making a sincere point about globalisation , and would have loved to get a civil reply by someone interested in debating it , but all you wanted was to `` win '' . 
  you 're the issue here . 
   no , not at all . 
  you claimed that free trade had to mean free movement . 
  i proved you wrong . 
  i said they came hand in hand , to form globalisation . 
   then you started whining about all sorts of other things , because you do n't know how to admit you were wrong . 
  you mean i went back and mentioned the topic at hand which is globalisation ? 
  that kind of `` whining '' ? 
  haha, 
  you 're an arrogant fuck are n't ya . 
  how is me having to explain globalisation to you an admission of defeat ? 
  maybe do some research . 
  you do n't know the topic at all . 
  globalisation requires all of the mentioned features , then you come here whining about your favourite parts . 
  `` oh i like globalisation , but only the parts that make my country richer and make other countries poorer '' . 
  how nice of you . 
  okay , then in that case i do n't see that as a very good argument against a direct democracy . 
  he passed laws through parliament that granted him power , he was n't simply elected . 
  he was n't a product of democracy , he was a product of a flawed and scared political system . 
  i still think electing both pm and president . 
  then how did a chancellor end up as a dictator ? 
  is that how it was back then as well ? 
  we could arguably say the same for the whole system then . 
  why democracy at all if we ca n't vote for our leader ? 
  surely people who study politics are better suited to deciding parliament than any of us are , right ? 
  i think that 's a bad argument . 
  everyone should be elected . 
  in addition , hitler was n't elected was he ? 
  hindenburg was , and he chose hitler to be chancellor . 
  then he ended up passing acts through the reichstag that gave him more power . 
  god knows why germany passed them , but it is n't like they went through a referendum . 
  that is something we would protest today , and we do , look at turkey for example . 
  no , i claimed the free trade and free movement should come hand in hand to count as `` globalisation '' . 
  what do you mean i started talking about something different ? 
  globalisation is the topic here mate . 
  which are ? 
  because , globalisation , is not , a pick & mix , for your pleasure . 
  so they are n't elected by the people , is what you 're saying . 
  and the result of that is that goods come from cheaper areas , without labour being able to move to more expensive areas to even it out . 
  it exacerbates reliance on cheap labour , like in china , without allowing those people being exploited , to move to richer areas , to get better wages , to increase the prices . 
  well they did an awful job because i do know . 
  it certainly is n't in this aspect . 
  we need a more proportional electoral system first . 
  in our country , the pm has essentially all the powers of president and pm , and he 's elected . 
  whereas from what i 've heard , pms in many european countries are n't elected . 
  i expected better from r/europe . 
  thanks for proving me wrong guys, 
  stop being arseholes please . 
  they do n't teach us how foreign government systems work . 
  he 's british , and me too . 
  we are n't used to government systems like that . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  the money spent on these labourers would either drive down wages or create mass unemployment , or both . 
  sure the productivity sound nice , but what would actually end up happening is the people of the world would simply all move to rich areas , and leaving poorer areas to die . 
  it does n't suddenly `` unlock '' more money , it just burdens the rich people ( us ) . 
  which is n't a bad thing long-term , but would be short-term . 
  there would be chaos . 
  the best solution is imposing infrastructure and possibly democracy , on these regions before opening borders to them . 
  however that requires both massive foreign aid , and oversight . 
  at the moment foreign aid just seems to go to other people to offload the work . 
  i want the government to run the programs , to build to schools and roads and hospitals and banks . 
  first i want an eu army to stabilise some of these regions with force . 
  in addition we need legislation to stop offshore money hoarding altogether in europe . 
  even if it results in money being moved into distant regions , we can help them by organising their infrastructure , and ensure the rich do n't just hoard the money . 
   free movement of labor example would increase productivity and gdp by trillions overnight would it ? 
  i mean i 'm in support of it , but why would it do this ? 
  ca n't really have one without the other . 
  free trade and free movement need to come hand in hand . 
  so , maybe the solution is stabilising those areas first ? 
  do people think something being a threat to their countries identity is a bad thing ? 
  personally i 'm all for destroying country identities . 
  let 's federalise like they do on the discovery channel . 
  we can maintain culture without needing nations . 
  the original point was `` real weekly wages have fallen '' , then you responded by saying `` inflation is what is causing that , not brexit '' which is factually wrong . 
   but you will never be able to grasp the beauty of the quran it ; s translated into english though . 
   you can try to read a translation of a foreign language poem . 
  now that i agree with . 
  same goes for music in many cases . 
  but a lot of the entertainment from music does n't necessarily have to come from the lyrics . 
  it 's why classical music is so timeless . 
   you do n't have to deny the effect of language in order to be against nationalism . 
  quite the opposite really , languages show us the many differences we have with each other .
