   i do n't want nazi ( hitler , churchill , british royal trash , etc ) propaganda here . 
  you have literally no fucking clue what `` nazi '' means . 
   god you ca n't be this stupid . 
  do you know what / r/all is ? 
  then do n't use r/all you moron . 
  if it offends your delicate sensibilities soooo much . 
   firstly , as an american , i believe all royalty should be executed . 
  tyrants , whether they be kimjong or hitler or british royalty , have no place in modern society . 
  they are scum relics of a primitive past that should be eliminated . 
  you realise , first of all , our monarchy has no actual power ? 
  which makes you look dumb . 
  secondly , you realise that america 's democratic system is actually less representative of the people than pretty much every other european country ? 
  which actually makes your country more tyrannical than all western european countries . 
  you have an electoral college that votes for you , you do not have a say in your own leader , which is how you got trump elected by something like 23 % of the population , and not even a majority of the voting population . 
   secondly , ask the natives , aborigines , indians , africans , chinese , etc. 
  they are the real victims . 
  queen elizabeth herself has done literally nothing to any of those people . 
  maybe previous royalty has , but then again previous us presidents have done some pretty horrific things , does that make your president , as a concept , a bad thing ? 
   `` that 's just one sub . '', 
  you know how to read ? 
  yes , you have tried to prove a point by showing me 3 posts in one subreddit . 
  my point is that that is basically no evidence . 
   i 'm not subscribed . 
  it just makes the front of / r/all ... are you this stupid ? 
  reddit should n't be showing other subreddits you are not subscribed to if you are looking at your front page . 
  therefore , 1 . you are using reddit wrong . 
  you are purposefully clicking on things you do n't want to see , which is also retarded . 
   not really . 
  the british royalty are arguably the most evil family to have ever existed and frankly should have been executed and wiped out a long time ago along with hitler , goebbels and the other nazis . 
  hell the british royalty is responsible for more genocides , more enslavement , more deaths than anyone . 
  civilized society would n't allow them to exist . 
  they are lucky the world is an uncivilized place . 
  the un should have arrested them a long time ago and put them in prison or executed them for war crimes . 
  you know it and i know it . 
  no , i do n't know it , becausse it 's bullshit , and neither does anyone else , you 're just a fucking conspiracy nut . 
  what has queen elizabeth ii done that is deserving of being arrested for actual war crimes , specifically ? 
   in other words , keep your shit propaganda to yourself . 
  we do n't need or want your spam . 
  no , grow up and deal with it . 
  stop acting like a petulant little child . 
  all of those are from one subreddit . 
  what the fuck ? 
  just unsubscribe . 
   that 's just one sub . 
  there have been churchill propaganda shit on til , oldschoolcool , etc. 
  and not just churchill . 
  probably on til there were facts about his life , and probably on `` oldschoolcool '' they posted pictures of him because he is old and historical . 
   garbage about the retarded british royalty as well . 
  better than garbage about the american president . 
   keep that garbage in your shithole . 
  we do n't need bullshit like that . 
  i wo n't , and clearly , since these things are being upvoted by the people of reddit , american or not , other people won ; t stop posting them either . 
  if you do n't like democratic voting on reddit , fuck off . 
  no one will miss you . 
  all i see is a little babby crying about the fact that he is being shown other cultures, 
   oh did n't you know . 
  reddit is churchill and british royalty vermin propaganda site . 
  i have seen churchill on reddit maybe once . 
  and i 'm british . 
  so where the fuck are you going on reddit to see churchill so often ? 
   i 'm just sick of churchill propaganda . 
  it 's like neo-nazi peddling hitler propaganda on reddit . 
  literally never seen churchill propaganda . 
  you 're just one of the crazy people who sees opinions he disagrees with , and thinks those people must be either shills or idiots . 
  stop it . 
  you are what 's wrong with the site , not `` churchill fans '' . 
   i 'm not the one bringing him up . 
  it 's british propaganda peppering reddit every other day with churchill propaganda . 
  again , you and this comment is about the 2-3rd time i 've ever seen him mentioned on reddit . 
  chill the fuck out . 
   this is an american website . 
  we do n't need trash like churchill here . 
  thanks . 
  oh i get it , it all makes sense now . 
  american-self-centredness . 
  you do n't like seeing other cultures . 
  uh , how about the fact that the very protocols that allows you to see this website were designed by a brit ? 
  or that over a third of this site is non-american users ? 
  jesus fucking christ get some culture . 
  learn some more about the world instead of remaining stuck in a sheltered life . 
  grow up . 
  historically or currently ? 
  what imperialism happens nowadays other than american-led ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  who mentioned churchill ? 
  you have literally just called upon an entirely different part of reddit to get angry at churchill . 
  no one even mentioned britain , let alone churchill . 
  i agree , churchill was a massively overrated leader , but why did you bring it up at all ? 
  probably because * they invaded first * . 
  this article however , makes out that it was the west 's fault . 
  do you even know what ad hominem is ? 
  have i ever said to you `` you 're wrong because you 're stupid '' ? 
  nope , all i 've ever said is that you are wrong and also stupid . 
  if course you 'd chalk this up to a victory , you 're a moron . 
  i one the other hand chalk this up as a universal defeat . 
  i lost brain cells and you 're still a stubborn prick . 
  you said  if globalisation means mena gets to move to europe , then i am very much against it . 
  but if it means increased free trade and more intertwined econmies and more cooperation on a global scale , then i am all for it . 
  then i said  ca n't really have one without the other . 
  my intended fucking point , was to say that calling globalisation one of those things is fucking stupid of you , and to form `` globalisation '' you need to have both .
