  for a country that has been at the pinnacle of it 's power for over half a century , you sure have n't done much with it . 
  lotr and hobbit series , peter jackson , new zealand , titanic/avatar , james cameron , canadian . 
  batman trilogy , englishman directed . 
  harry potter , james bond . 
  almost everything else on that list tis either animated or superhero films . 
  that is your legacy , that 's the stain you made on the film world . 
  all the great epics of recent times have been made by non-americans . 
  well done for star wars though , that was pretty good . 
  ca n't wait for the rebuttal where you say `` but titanic was funded by an american company so it 's american '' . 
   congratulations , you 're a perfect example of why americans dismiss european anti-americanism as being the deranged behavior of pathetic idiots . 
  and this entire , easily destructible , devoid-of-evidence rebuttal is why europeans despise american arrogance . 
  it 's hardly deranged if it arises from everywhere in europe at once . 
  nobody told us to think like this , you created this hostile attitude towards yourself . 
  maybe when you work on being civil , you can sit at the big boy table without having to force your way in . 
  it 's kinda like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxgrybnekpa ) video , everyone gets along just fine , then america shoves his way in , expects to be treated like a king , and gets a furrowed brow when people stop talking when he 's around . 
  we did n't just start hating you for no reason you know , we got fed up with your arrogance despite your massive gaping flaws . 
  you wander around expecting everyone to respect you because of some stuff that happened 3 generations ago . 
  times have changed , stop using history to lean on , grow up , stop acting arrogant , and realise that your country is n't perfect by any means . 
  start thinking of reasons why this happened , instead of throwing your toys out of the pram , and then get off our fucking subreddit . 
  i also noticed you refused to mention healthcare or education , possibly because you know america is shit at both of them . 
  70 year old history being held over our head to make us seem like children . 
  your arrogance astounds . 
  the irony escapes them, 
  source is american arrogance , obviously . 
  i just love how all americans ever do in this subreddit is redirect everything to be about belittling europeans . 
  how do you not realise why we hate you ? 
  which therefore makes you partially responsible for all of that , right ? 
  for being born ? 
   which is kinda weird , given how much american culture they devour what , jeans and movies ? 
  russian and half european , respectively . 
   essential role we played in supporting the eu 's creation nope  marshall plan , 70 year old history , still being used to belittle us , great . 
  yet you still do n't see why we do n't like you . 
  while you 're listing those : homicides , poverty , healthcare , quality of life , education quality , religiousness , corruption . 
  all much higher in america . 
   the country which played a vital role itself in the eu 's creation since when ? 
  you joined in at the hague once ? 
   it 's as if you 've become so dominated by american culture that we 're the only other non-eu foreign country that you feel comfortable using as a reference point . 
  it 's almost as if you 've painted yourself and your country to be the greatest thing of all time for the past half a century , and we as europeans are realising that actually , you 're far from perfect . 
  how is this a bad thing ? 
  why are you so offended by criticism of your country ? 
  it 's a pretty vital thing to ensure that fuck-ups are laughed at and eventually fixed . 
  feel free to criticise us and say what we could do better . 
  it 's also quite funny that you consider hating america to be a point of unity for europeans , and that we lack anything else going for us . 
  just furthers the american self-centredness , and our point , really . 
  maybe the fact that you are between 3-6 times more likely to be killed in america than in pretty much any western/mid/north / south european country . 
  maybe the fact that you are actually safer in ukraine , turkey , and kazakhstan if you want to avoid murder . 
  you say `` not that high '' , i say `` too fucking high '' . 
  you ca n't compare yourself with third-world countries and just say `` better than them , so no need to change '' . 
  well is n't denmark just the best country, 
  it ; s not an incorrect title at all . 
  eu regulations mandate vaccinating chickens against salmonella . 
  hence , `` eu regulations make eggs less likely to contain salmonella '' . 
  so the title is accurate . 
  how do those particular us regulations give the egg more pathogens ? 
  why does anyone need to do that to realise you have a shit health care system ? 
  i love hearing about my country being nazi by the guy who 's leader is literally racist , and was n't even elected by a majority . 
  your country at the moment is more nazi than any of western europe has been in the past half a century . 
  dwell on that for as long as your brain can focus on something . 
  you have to be a troll . 
  i genuinely struggle to discern whether or not people like you are trolls or just brain-dead . 
   i sure do . 
  nope , no you do n't , because how the fuck is churchill , the guy who literally led britain against the nazis , and then suggested europe unify into one big peaceful country , a nazi ? 
  nazi being someone who advocates for segregation of superior and inferior races , and killing the inferior , and severe nationalism . 
  please , take as much time as your tiny brain needs . 
   what ? 
  why should i give in to spammers and propagandists . 
  they 're not spammers or propagandists for fucks sake . 
  the trouble with people like you is you think the world is one big conspiracy out to get you . 
  you do n't think for a second that maybe people are posting churchill because he is a symbol of unity and strength for britain and europe . 
  no , you just think they ; re clearly posting it just to annoy you and push an agenda . 
  you ; re hilariously self-centred . 
  you would stop using r/all because you want to fucking personalise reddit with subreddits you like . 
  i do n't go onto 4chan / pol / and then complain about the political views of people on / pol / , because i already know that i both do n't want to talk to them , and do n't want to try to convince them otherwise . 
  so which is it ? 
  do you want to see churchill , or do you just want to have something to be angry about ? 
  because those are the only reason you 'd continue to use r/all , instead of using the personalisation features on reddit , to see only your favourites subreddits . 
   the electoral college was created to prevent tyranny of the masses . 
  it ai n't perfect but it is what it is . 
  yeah so instead you have tyranny of the few , much better , right ? 
  fuck off with your bullshit defending something that is literally standing in the way of democracy in your country , irony at it 's best . 
   who voted for your silly deranged old hag queen ? 
  again , she has no political power at all , you dense fucker . 
  your president on the other hand , who is n't even elected by the people , does have massive power . 
  so how about you stop trying to remove the speck from your brothers eye , and start paying attention to the plank in your own eye , so to speak . 
   really ? 
  that 's the excuse neo-nazis give about hitler . 
  hitler did n't kill anyone . 
  that 's true , but he was the leader of the nation that did . 
  the same goes for that old senile rat you call queen . 
  okay , then allow me to reword that question . 
  who has the queen commanded to cause problems for those people ? 
  jesus christ it 's difficult getting a straight answer out of you . 
   stupid cunt should be hanging from the tallest tree . 
  so should your president , considering that the only difference between the 2 is the electoral college . 
  hell , the queen has done more for charitable organisations than any of your presidents have whilst she has been alive , so fuck your moronic hypocrisy . 
   take your nazi propaganda elsewhere . 
  your silly `` queen hag '' should have been hanged right next to hitler and tojo and churchill and stalin and mao all the rest of the war criminals . 
  you ' ; re a fucking moronic who thinks he has a clue as to what he ; s talking about . 
  if you 're genuinely thinking of killing our queen , i 'll fucking murder you myself . 
  she 's benefited the world in much greater ways than you have with your pathetic , miserable life .
