it 's probably something to do with europe collectively having the lowest crime rates ever . 
  go europe !, 
   the uk is very open to other cultures , countries , languages and ethnicities , it has n't always been but it is now , even when compared to other eu states actually in terms of mid to western european countries , we are one of the worst , beaten only by spain , belgium , and switzerland . 
  even the progress we did make , it was mostly because of the eu , and we ruined that for a long time . 
   you ca n't look at a single event and decide that it means something that it really does n't , and suggest that 'll be the legacy . 
  i think it does mean something , i think it means we 're lagging behind in both our mindset and politics in multiculturalism , and its economic benefits . 
  and i think it means we will continue to do so . 
  your inspirational speech was all well and good , but realistically speaking , it speaks volumes about our stunted mindset regarding immigration , economics , and even politics . 
   but leaving the eu is n't somehow a suggestion that racism and xenophobia are good or acceptable it will be , and has been , hence the spike in race crimes after the referendum . 
  people are intolerant . 
  opting out of the euro was an economic decision , we had a strong currency already , there 's was no need to join the euro , it would have been a disadvantage . 
  opting out of schengen was an indication of intolerance of other cultures , and it culminated in leaving altogether . 
  it was a primary reason for voting leave for a lot of people . 
  if we want to set a precedent for future generations , it should be that we can set our own direction , work with ( rather than become one with . . ) our close allies and that those future generations will continue to have a say in how the country changes and continues it could be , however what we ended up with was a situation where once again , younger generations had no say in their long-term future , and the referendum was decided by old people . 
  the thing i 'm most afraid of when our generation takes over politics in the uk , is that nothing will change . 
  we are our parents children after all . 
  leaving the eu sets precedents for future generations . 
  it tells them nationalism is okay , that we do n't need foreign labour ( we kind of do ) , that its okay to alienate entire countries because we do n't like other cultures . 
  you 're presenting it as a non-existent change , and i 'll admit , the change is n't as dramatic as people make it out to be , but it 's still going to have significant long-lasting negative effects . 
  okay firstly , you 'd still be wrong . 
  secondly , he was specifically referring to fear of black immigrants  in this country in 15 or 20 years ' time the black man will have the whip hand over the white man . '', 
  i have no idea where the hell you 're looking in your own source but according to the place you linked me to , 90 % of the population in the uk was white , and 0.2 % black , which is 97,000 people . 
  and again , in today 's britain , that number is [ still just over 1 million ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_the_united_kingdom ), 
   he was doing what he was elected to do . 
  which is exactly the excuse every politician could use . 
  i do n't see how it 's a valid defence . 
   his own factual prediction on immigration for the year 2000 was , if anything , slightly too conservative ( but more accurate than any prediction made by any renowned institution at the time ) . 
  how , in any way , was it accurate ? 
  please do answer this one , because i 'm sure it will reveal racism in you , which needs to be shown to the world . 
  we are 45 years later , and the black population in the uk is at less than 2 % , and this man and his electors were worried about a fucking invasion of black people . 
  we import shittons from thew eu . 
  leaving means we have less power over what the eu tells us we can do , market-wise . 
  in addition , as others have said , we already had a huge amount of power within the eu, 
  which means it was n't popular either . 
  i do n't think we 'll find opinion polls on it dating back though . 
  democracy is everyone having power . 
  this is 52 % having power and everyone else being powerless . 
  this is tyranny of the majority . 
  how are the swedish towards brits coming over there ? 
  because i might just migrate . 
  oh , okay , he was just conveying information he did n't know to be in any way factual ? 
  basically he 's a fucking sheep with no backbone ? 
  just like every other racist moron on earth . 
  repeating things they hear just because they sound factual if he says them , they 're his fucking words , stop trying to project blame elsewhere . 
  he sure as hell does n't sound like he 's just trying to give another side , he sounds like he 's trying to rile people up . 
  as a war-time politician : good . 
  as a regular politician : pretty shit . 
  as a person , major cunt . 
  that 's not reality at all . 
  you can make decisions that will benefit the most people . 
  blair fucking did n't . 
  yeah it 's super spooky here in britain with 1.95 % of people being black . 
  they 're really holding a whip over us whiteys . 
  `` blacks will have taken over the country in 20 years '' . 
  yet here we are , 45 years later , with only 1.95 % of the country being black , and 1.15 being mixed . 
  everything he said was wrong . 
  wait , but does n't america use more energy per capita than most western countries ? 
  why does this say you 'd use less energy ? 
  yes but that does n't really change the fact that these religions ( judaism , islam ) are n't very ethnically diverse religion . 
  as in , it 's difficult to be accepted into judaism without having an ethnic background , and most muslims are from one specific area : where it developed . 
   yes it is easier to get through life in a first world country , this is the result of our ancestor 's hard work why exactly are you deserving of your ancestors hard work , whilst those coincidentally born in poorer nations are not deserving of your ancestors hard work ? 
   would n't you want your children to have a better life ? 
  i want everyone to have a better life . 
  we should n't expect to live our lives off the backs of poor chinese labourers , like we do now . 
  our indulgence is another persons misery . 
   would n't you expect them to use the inheritance you give them wisely , responsibly and not squander it ? 
  this is the duty of which i speak . 
  if i had an ideal world , inheritance tax would be 100 % . 
  inheritance breeds nepotism , which is disgusting , and destroys any concept of a meritocracy we think we have . 
   so why be picky about who to share this wealth and hard work with ? 
  could n't everyone be part of the same society all working together ? 
  the answer is no . 
  they could n't . 
  yes , yes they could , so easily . 
  do you sincerely think poverty is somehow necessary so that some people can live a better life ? 
   human beings are tribal creatures . 
  we always have been . 
  this is no different today than it was ten thousand years ago . 
  you can see it today in the form of lobby groups , pride groups , charities and interest groups . 
  when different tribes share the same society they will compete for supremecy of resources . 
  this has often lead to wars in history and eventually resulted in the formation of the nation state ( where different tribes agreed that this is my land and resources and those is yours ) it has improved vastly , and our entire society is moving towards egalitarianism , from the discovery of agriculture and farming , to ancient greek philosophy , to the renaissance , to the the french revolution , we have always been moving towards giving more people a better quality of life , despite massive pushback from monarchies and nepotists ... and you . 
  along with several of the others arguing against me . 
  they are simply holding us back . 
  the nation state is the end result of a tribe and shows that tribalism and homogenous societies is the preferred / natural way of humans cooperating . 
  the world has gone from tribes , to towns , to cities , to city-states , to nations . 
  i 'm advocating for the next step , eventual total harmony , and you are only holding me back . 
   plus , homogenous societies bring about relative peace , trust , cooperation and stability - there is a tight social contract . 
  i would love to here this argument back when we only formed tribes , as an argument against forming towns with larger groups of people . 
  seriously , you are simply arguing against the progress of the entirety of human history . 
   multiculturalism does n't work . 
  well that 's funny , because just today i saw several people from different cultures , indian , hispanic , black , and i got along just fucking fine with every one of them . 
  is it difficult for you to do the same ? 
   it 's only in the west where this tribal identity has been eroded by this globalist progressive liberalism , and it 's suicidal . 
  people were saying this exact thing in the fucking [ 60s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw4vmzditqo ) , saying `` within 15 years we will we overrun with blacks and poverty '' . 
  well , here we are half a century later , and it still has n't happened , we live in peace with people of all creeds and nations . 
  why do you argue against evidence you can see all around you ? 
   everywhere else in the world people will do what 's best for their own people . 
  they will happily take from you and your children to benefit their own . 
  so you see absolutely no correlation with having an abundance of wealth to give away , and selflessness ? 
  you do n't think `` hey , i know why the western world is so liberal and pro-immigration , because we have enough wealth and stability to provide for these people '' ?
