  of course irl post-communism ( the country called itself communist and other kind of communism did not exist yet ) what are you going on about ? 
  the `` other type '' of communism did exist , because karl marx and friedrich engels had thought it up half a century prior . 
  again , read the theory . 
  soviet russia was nothing like the theory , and soviet apologists are disliked even within most forms of socialism we even have a derogatory term for them : `` tankies '' . 
   knowledge is nothing compared to some theory that never worked exactly as described and even if it would have worked ( `` seize the means of production '' ) it would be only slightly better . 
  imagine saying this in feudal england . 
  `` well , we have n't tried private ownership of capital ( capitalism ) , so why bother '' . 
  you do n't know socialist theory at all . 
  please , look it up , be open-minded . 
   i believe that they are communist , because ussr was very similar to them and also called themselves communist . 
  they are n't even close . 
  socialism supports decentralisation of power and authority , true democracy . 
  places like soviet russia and north korea only serve to centralise power and authority . 
  in addition , at the very least , soviet russia had workers unions that kind of worked , north korea has no such thing at all . 
  so please , tell me , in your own words , using your knowledge about actual socialist theory , why they are similar . 
  and you are n't allowed to say `` because they use the name '' . 
  please , go on , enlighten me about my own ideology , since you know so much . 
  she got her gender legally changed to try and discredit transgender people in the most retarded way possible . 
  because who does n't love marginalising the minority group of people with the highest suicide rate !, 
  i do n't see how that helps at all . 
  why do you want them to have no control in the eu ? 
  how does management of their foreign policy control them so much that you disagree with it ? 
   as far i remember it is 2017 in africa too , not just in europe . 
  or are you arguing that their current development is like 1300 year over there ? 
  their current development is slower than the rest of the world . 
  do you never look at the world and think `` hey , all the rich countries are in the north '' ? 
  you think that 's a coincidence ? 
  the temperate climate is perfect for growing crops , also correlates with lower crime rates , and being rich , although maybe it makes them rich because of everything else . 
  this also applies in the southern regions . 
  argentina and chile are the richest , and most southern areas of south america , and in africa : south africa , egypt , morocco , algeria , all the richest in the region , all the furthest away from the equator ( nigeria is a weird exception ) . 
  correlations also include being near the coast , which most of europe is ( weird shape , lots of coast ) . 
  things like disease and bacteria thrive in warmer climates , killing people , poisoning food and water . 
  this `` belt of wealth '' as some people call it , has [ moved upwards ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_and_islands_by_first_human_settlement ) throughout history , primarily with the [ retreat of the ice sheets ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/last_glacial_period ) over time . 
  northern settlements are found in correlation with the most recent thawings . 
  previously , the ideal climate was in the middle east and northern africa , that was a point in history where civilisations along this belt were at the peak of their power . 
  we are also in an ideal place where our customers are ourselves , africa and america . 
  this is even more prominent in america , where their customers are asia , south america , and africa , and europe . 
  meanwhile places like africa or some parts of asia ( historically ) could only trade with the established rich regions for goods , making them the perfect customer to extract wealth from by extorting them . 
   i will just copy my comment ( below ) about wonders of communism that ussr done to estonia . 
  people in ussr were starving in queues for bread , and today subs like / r/latestagecapitalism filled with people who never lived in ussr are rewriting the history of ussr failures . 
  it seems to be `` progressive '' today . 
  you do n't understand socialist theory and instead take your definition from previous countries that very few actual socialists would actually align with . 
  look up the actual theory , disconnect it from what you know from history , and imagine what it could be like , without a lens . 
   before the soviet occupation estonia was ahead of finland by 5 % ( $ 3771 vs $ 3589 ) . 
  in 1995 ( after ussr collapsed ) gdp per capita in estonia was $ 3,044 . 
  in finland it was $ 26,273 - 90 % lower or 8 times difference . 
  now , after 25 years of independence the difference is 28 % - $ 43,090 vs $ 30,850 . 
  i think your figures are wrong there because estonia still has half the gdp per capita of finland . 
  in addition , i do n't agree with how soviet russia ran things , despite being a socialist , all i 'm saying is that it was literally the pinnacle of russian power . 
  in addition , have you ever actually looked at what russia did wrong ? 
  it was corruption in government , sectarianism , inefficient management , a one-party system that never needed to change , stagnation , isolation . 
  none of those are something a socialist would agree with . 
   it was not the marx 's of the communism but both tried to build it and both ended up in a similar situation . 
  this needs restating . 
  are you saying marx tried to build communism ? 
  he did n't , he formed the theory , which you still need to read , instead of taking your views from pure lies . 
   ussr inner propaganda was saying that it is currently `` socialism in a transitioning state to communism '' . 
  north korea calls itself socialist , do you believe them as well ? 
  but the idea is that an efta requires unification of regulation and free movement to actually function as a half decent collective economy . 
  what 's your solution ? 
   no , block the borders , support them with foreign aid if there 's decent governance and trade with them . 
  also , they 're not dying . 
  the reason why there 's 1,2 billion people in africa now is because that 's exactly what they 're not doing anymore . 
  so only help if they already have a decent government , and leaves the ones currently at war to die ? 
  the reason there is 1.2 billion people in africa is because they do n't know how to use condoms , nothing to do with not killing each other , they still do plenty of that , they just do plenty of fucking as well . 
   even if we put our resources together with the us , it still would n't be enough and we 'd destroy ourselves in the process . 
  we would n't , at all . 
  it 's such a common view that to lift other people up we have to drag ourselves down . 
  we do n't , at all . 
  lifting these regions up would if anytthing lift us up as well , we no longer have the burden of immigration , we have plenty of trading partners , and therefore more competition between businesses , which means less money for greedy capitalists , and more for the people , because competition reduces the price tag on what they sell . 
   it 's not enough to want to do good . 
  the worst catastrophes in human history has come from people who tried to do good . 
  you need to be smart too . 
  what you 're proposing is n't . 
  giving people education , hospitals , government , roads , infrastructure , is n't smart ? 
  yet your idea of `` close the borders and throw them some money '' is ? 
  you do n't know what that money is going towards , and yet you think that is a `` smart '' idea ? 
  what the fuck . 
  how ? 
   how are you going to give them a simple education or a stable environment while their views would ruin everything ? 
  how did european religious preference and perpetual wars not ruin our progress ? 
   there are many civil wars ( so-called conflicts ) in africa going on at the moment and none of them because of imperialism or climate mostly because of religion , religion is correlated with lack of education . 
  problem solved . 
   in my opinion their views should be fixed first , however i am not sure how it could be done edumacation . 
  give them some humanity back , take them away from war , remove the self-preserving mentality they have . 
  it occurs because of strife . 
   also there are cases when second-generation muslim immigrants turn into jihadi fihters - it once again proves that even given good education a person views are still very important . 
  but over several generations , even just 2-3 , most of the time differences in : income , crime , wealth , health , political stances , all become normalised with the general population . 
   this is not only an africa 's issue though . 
  there are countries like russia ( ussr ) or venezuela that were relatively rich at some point but then greatly descended ( once again thanks to their `` views '' - was venezuela ever really rich though ? 
  look at venezuela 's gdp per capita over time , in 1999 when chavez took over , gdp per capita was already low , it dipped slightly , then half a decade later , it skyrocketed . 
  why is that ? 
  then soviet russia . 
  at their peak in the 80s , they had half the [ gdp per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_soviet_union ) of america , now they have less than 1/5th . 
  unfortunately they did n't have much in the way of public figures , but in that same article , it 's estimated they had an equal level of wealth to germany just before ww2 , and even greater wealth than france and britain . 
  this was after the russian revolution . 
  why is that ? 
  why are they poorer after leaving their unique form of communism ( more on this below ) . 
   communism in their case ) . 
  not even close .
