  oh but wait , we have central heating in almost every home . 
   white man 's burden '' which is used against imperialism , not against foreign aid . 
  i 'm not asking us to impose our views on these places , just give them the means to live a life without having to struggle to eat . 
  completely agree  plus you know what i find interesting about those people 's culture and way of living ? 
  nothing . 
  because culture is a concept designed to separate us . 
  what exactly would interest you about , say germany , or france ? 
  the buildings ? 
  the food ? 
  not that i do n't love those countries , but i do n't love them because they have some interesting different things , i love them because they are human , and so is everybody else . 
  just because some other nation could n't design something like the eiffel tower , does n't mean i think any less of them . 
  besides , everyone who designed the eiffel tower is dead . 
  no one alive is even slightly responsible for it just because they happened to be born in france . 
  do n't worry , i filled up the character limit as well , i only hope they read it . 
  and a reply would be even better . 
  i am not very well known for my optimism , that was a difficult one to squeeze out . 
   i just skipped to the bottom because i 'm not wasting my time after you moved the goalposts . 
  thanks for wasting my fucking time with your illiteracy . 
   the original point was `` europe '' not the eu , not western europe but `` europe '' the continent , if you read my fucking comment , you 'd have read my point about how we 've been using the word `` america '' to refer to usa , and no one bats an eye , but when someone says `` europe '' and they most likely mean `` not russian gay death squads '' , you turn into a cry baby . 
   and even with that it barely is by 3 % not what the original point was which was `` gay acceptance in the us is on a terrible level compared to europe '' that 's the point that was argued and using the data you provided it 's not true the fact that gay acceptance is worse in one of the richest countries in the world , compared with europe and russia , which overall is a piece of shit in comparison , especially looking at eastern europe , is pretty terrible , do you disagree ? 
  please post it . 
   and i honestly laughed when you said `` democratic organization '' . 
  because nothing says democracy like some far away distant oligarchic bureaucratic hellhole and that 's different to your current government how ? 
  distance ? 
  wealth ? 
   also , democracy is n't the goal what is the goal ? 
   i do n't want more politicians to reap even higher salaries and more benefits than they already have . 
  then what do you suggest ? 
  pure socialism ? 
  what is the best government system for the people ? 
  no , it did exist in europe , in massive quantities , however our natural wealth , perfect trading position , ideal climate , made us rich enough to deal with it . 
  so given that our position in the world was built by our forefathers , why not be the forefathers of the rest of the world ? 
  why do you feel special , for having been born in europe ? 
  why should you ? 
  i meant cellphone . 
  point is you can now buy a cellphone for less than # 20 if you want one . 
  eu 's lawmakers are the commission the president of whom is elected by parliament , and the laws they suggest are voted on by the parliament . 
  plus , that 's not even what i asked . 
  i asked why the hell would n't you change the eu instead of just dismantling it , if you were in charge . 
   ... and then people will elect a sweet-talking lunatic . 
  there are plenty of countries which were relatively functional but went into chaos anyway . 
  they need the rest of the infrastructure . 
  internet access , roads , they all allow people to be heard and to hear the actual policies of a candidate . 
   for instance , you 'd probably still be a member in 2 years if it were n't for it . 
  we 'd still be a member if people actually voted . 
  we 'd still be a member if the eu would just let us elect a president and eu parliament to suggest legislation . 
   yes we are . 
  half of that [ money ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/newsbeat/article/39653421/uk-foreign-aid-where-does-it-go-and-why ) goes towards shit , corrupt governments who are likely to spend it in shit ways . 
  the other half goes to organisations like the un who , granted , will spend it on big projects , but will also spend it on just thinking about what to do , and a great deal of it seems to be spent on short-term relief rather than long-term , which is exactly the problem . 
  germany does n't spend enough on this , and neither does france , considering the size of them . 
  in addition , what i am suggesting is total oversight of all of the projects , building schools , banks , hospitals , police forces , to ensure there is no corruption . 
   giving 0,7-1 ,4 pct of gdp in foreign aid would have resultet in huge growth if focused on our own economy instead actually gdp growth rate never really significantly [ deviates ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp-growth ) at all . 
  even when it does it 's either a recession , or the point before one . 
  all we 've managed to do in recent years is stabilise gdp growth rate . 
  then let 's imagine what we could do to developing countries with all that money if we did it properly . 
  see we have most infrastructure , so all we need is operating costs , and r&d costs for development , but these places need everything we already have . 
  if we oversaw building these nations from scratch , ourselves , with all the infrastructure we have , we then have an entire group of people capable of creating value , innovating , selling new goods , improving current ones , competing with current businesses to reduce costs for the consumer . 
  the world we could have is amazing , but our ties to national identity hold us back . 
  we 're so reluctant to even spend money on nearby poland , because too many people say `` why bother '' . 
  so we need to show people all the reasons . 
  and i find it unlikely that any of those will `` destroy society '' . 
  maybe society as we know it . 
  but then again , eu federalisation would `` destroy society as we know it '' , but i still support it . 
  humanity will survive no matter what , provided we do n't use literally every nuclear bomb on every bomb shelter we have , and even then there 's a chance . 
   global warming goes haywire and we survive . 
  seriously , even if the absolute worst of global warming happens , worst case scenario is that the world is as hot as spain , and we lose some of italy and netherlands , and we get weird as shit storms . 
  still wo n't kill us , will only fuck us up badly . 
   meteor/supernova highly unlikely , and reason to support space travel/infrastructure/laser defense or whatever they 're working on . 
   it virus finally crashes the entire web literally impossible . 
  bombing every single physical server is more likely than a virus bypassing every security protocol that the internet uses between server/server , client/server , client/client . 
   that alien outside the galaxy that destroys any civilization before they become the threat . 
  yes , the one that 's responsible for the fermi paradox . 
  the fermi paradox exists because galaxies and space expand faster than the speed of light , therefore 2-way communication between planets beyond our local galactic group would be impossible . 
   multiresistent disease probably the most likely , but you know what will stop this ? 
  good hygiene . 
  that 's literally it . 
  mrsa has already been [ on the decline ] ( https://www.nao.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/0809560_mda_trends.pdf ) , and given that mrsa is one of the worst , it does n't scare me . 
   automation results in mass poverty the worst this will do is increase reliance on capitalists . 
  i think socialism will end up somewhat taking place before this becomes a major problem , and this particular problems is actually one of the main reasons i am socialist at all . 
  if not socialism , then nationalisation of necessary industry ( water , food , electricity ) and subsidisation . 
  this is already somewhat in place in france , they own edf energy , who provides 22 % of the eu 's energy , subsidisation of their operating costs from the eu could give us all cheap energy . 
  water companies are simple and cheap enough to buy out from the government , and farmers are n't really capitalists , so there is less danger of them becoming one with the capitalists and leaving poor people to die , even if they end up with fully automated farms . 
  they rely on us entirely . 
  the rest of those seem to involve putin or refugees , which i do n't see as much of a problem . 
  mad wo n't happen from russia , maybe north korea , and even they will struggle . 
  refugees wo n't destroy us , and the world is n't as fucked as you think it is . 
   that problem will exist for a long time regardless of what we do . 
  the only way to solve it permanently is to go roman style and even that can fail easily . 
  no , the best way to solve it is oversight , foreign aid , stopping war , and building infrastructure in these nearby countries . 
  there are plenty of solutions you are n't seeing . 
   we ca n't destroy our own society just because some fucked up stuff is happening somewhere in the world . 
  stop with the sectarianism . 
  you are not special for having been born in a rich country . 
  we are all human , and billions of people around the world are the exact same species as you , with the exception of having been born into a shit country with a shit life to look forward to . 
  you need to start feeling sympathy for these people . 
  they are no different to me and you , and yet they do n't get the luxury of being able to complain about poor people trying to destroy their country through immigration on a computer worth hundreds of $ now do they ? 
  maybe we should try and fix that . 
   we 'll actually be able to do more good if we do n't . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying we should do , but we are n't doing at all . 
  the easier solution was to just bring them over , which is what has happened , because nobody bothered supporting the more difficult but more effective route , so we ended up with this .
