  you might as well come out and say `` let 's build nazi europe where we banish people instead of killing them '' . 
  sorry your genetic superiority project failed , but inbreeding with ourselves is not going to end well . 
  also inb4 `` you lefties call everyone who disagrees with you nazis '' . 
   yes . 
  because we ca n't give them decent government . 
  any decent government they manage to build we should support ferociously but until they build those themselves we ca n't realistically help them in a significant way . 
  iraq currently has a moderately stable government because of us intervention . 
  they have managed to push out isis from most of their territories , they have had . 
  we can do that , but everywhere . 
  in fact , iraq semi-recently had an [ election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraqi_parliamentary_election,_2014 ) that went rather smoothly . 
  ironically , america gave iraq a more proportional voting system than themselves . 
  they are also about to have another election next year . 
  they have been given a stable country , and it is still holding together after 6 years . 
   you really drank the far-left coolaid . 
  `` hey look everybody , this guy thinks people * should n't * be struggling to survive !, 
  what a leftist . '', 
   and we ca n't give it to them . 
  they need to make it for themselves like we did . 
  by digging all the massive amounts of natural resources out of the ground we happened to be near ? 
  better let them come over to the place where all the minerals are then , bring them all to europe . 
  how ? 
  `` hey , would you like some help ? '', 
  `` no , your help offends me '' . 
  jesus christ what it must be like to live in your world , dominated by pride . 
   that became one of those without an ideal trading position , ideal climate or natural resources ... germany ? 
  it has the most perfect trading position ( surrounded by european countries ) , the ideal climate ( temperate pretty much all year round ) , and massive natural resources . 
  coal , copper , steel , tin , sulphur , fertilised , timber , natural gas , aluminium , oil , iron , uranium , salt , massive tracts of arable land . 
  all things that germany has in abundance . 
  or did all the willpower in germany magic all that stuff up ? 
   that 's exactly how our position was created . 
  yeah i 'm sure you did lots of work in helping that being squeezed out of your mothers birth canal on german land , right ? 
  real hard worker this one . 
   they have everything to do with it . 
  the most important thing for a successful country is the unity and ability of its people . 
  and how much stuff it has in the ground nearby , how many easy nearby trading partners , how temperate its climate is ( which actually has massive correlation with wealth , and during the peak of the ice age , the most wealthy part of the world was [ the middle east and northern africa ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6rziz6/eu_commission_is_looking_for_your_views_for_the/dl9b0o0/ ) which would have been funny if you happened to be born elsewhere whilst the middle east was at it 's peak . 
   they have neither for the most part . 
  because they have mostly infertile land , minimal natural resources , and a huge lack of infrastructure . 
  but let 's ignore all that because they clearly just do n't work as hard as you do being born german , right ? 
  thanks for telling me what i think mate . 
  i 'll be sure to consider your view . 
  okay , considered it , and no , you 're wrong . 
  i love everybody who , i would like them all to have my standard of living , and i would like them all to learn to love each other as well . 
   well they are not wrong because current finland gdp ppp is $ 43,090 and estonian one is $ 30,850 , the difference is not a half . 
  so this is a fact that ~ 50 years of the ussr occupation literally ruined the economy gdp ppp is an entirely different measure that you did n't mention . 
   and now it significantly recovered with capitalism - i already described it with exact figures in my above comment . 
  it had capitalism before : state-capitalism . 
  the entities were privately owned = capitalism . 
  the only thing giving power to the people were weak workers unions . 
  now if they were run and managed by the people , that would be socialism , but it was n't . 
   what is the theory ? 
  seize the means of production ? 
  what if nobody wants to buy the goods of a factory that is owned by the workers ? 
  how do they get resources to start a production ? 
  what happens to the current business owners ? 
  reduce inefficiency in corporations by removing people who create little value . 
  i could even show you my own workplace . 
  supervisors being paid to chat and watch us , completely clueless when i ask them what i should be doing today . 
  turn workplaces into democracies , flatten the hierarchies , make every individual business more efficient . 
  pay people based on value-created . 
  probably the biggest flaw in the theory , the socialist calculation debate  this theory never worked and will never work - unless socialists find a way to control population via some kind of a hivemind device . 
  and yet [ cooperative companies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cooperatives ) run without a problem within the framework of a capitalist economy , without failure . 
  why is it crazy to go one step further and apply similar principles everywhere ? 
   to be honest , even if it would have worked exactly as it written in the theory , i would still dislike it - because no `` workers '' can realistically manage risk of running an enterprise , and they should not . 
  yeah , that 's why all the cooperatives i just linked you to fail so badly . 
  oh wait , no they do n't . 
  in addition , they do not necessarily have to collectively run the business , they can still delegate responsibility , but every worker is presented with a proportional say in the business . 
  there are still managers , although some socialists might disagree with me there . 
   the pinnacle of russian power ? 
  are you talking about 1930-1940 when people were being sent to gulags , or about the other part when they were queuing for bread from 6am ? 
  or the part where they sent a man into space , upheld a military with enough capabilities to scare america , or singlehandedly dismantled the german war machine , beating all of the allies into berlin by a month ? 
  or , m as i have already linked you to , have a gdp per capita half the size of america , which is really good for a country that still relied on agriculture , in a time where all other countries had fully industrialised . 
   today russians at least have some freedom - they can travel to foreign countries , read foreign newspapers and do business . 
  all this was impossible in ussr . 
  and none of it was supported by socialist theory . 
   it was the pinnacle only if you measure it in number of tanks and nukes . 
  and all the other stuff i said , like turning russia into a superpower . 
   soviet russia was also an aggressive imperialist state that attacked its neighboring countries . 
  i often hear socialists talking about the western imperialism but never about soviet imperialism . 
  both of them were dicks , neither of them were socialists . 
   i am aware enough of the theory that wants to ruin everything . 
  `` seize the means of production '' - no , you are n't , like at all . 
  democratic socialism advocates for socialism through legal channels , introduction of more workers rights , into socialism . 
  slowly forming a cooperative economy . 
   yeah lets remove people who built businesses using their capital and knowledge and put a bunch of uneducated workers in charge , i wonder how it will work out . 
  capittal that they gained either through inheritance , or through stealing the value that workers created for them . 
  knowledge ? 
  you must mean greed . 
  does donald trump look like a man of knowledge to you ? 
  does he look like an intelligent individual ? 
  or does he just look like a ruthless , greedy dick who inherited most of his wealth ? 
  do you really think our current economy benefits the most intelligent ? 
  is that why scientists have to resort to relying on government grants and projects , while people like steve jobs reap the rewards of government created technology , under the guise of being an `` innovator '' ? 
  is that a meritocracy , to you ? 
   also , since everything is seized and owned by the workers , does it mean that e.g. 
  on a nuclear plant , a nuclear engineer and a janitor are equal in terms of what they can get ? 
  no , not at all . 
  a janitor is creating a small amount of value for the company by keeping things clean , whilst a nuclear engineer is running the show . 
  like i said , you have no clue as to the actual theory , and i would like you to read it in a clear frame of mind , without predispositions . 
  although that may be a difficult feat , i believe in you . 
   sure it is pure lies , probably that 's because i never was in a post-soviet country which was not decimated by ussr occupation and russia is far away from me .
