  the idea of neo-nationalism is to fight these differences on multiple levels , in it 's strongest form this leads to open warfare against the other . 
  neo-nationalism led to the uk leaving the eu , and donald trump hating china and being elected for it . 
   a stance against nationalism to me , means to embrace differences and accept the other for who he is . 
  we can unite in celebrating our differences . 
  my overall point is that language will always evolve , and recently , it has become more unified . 
  i do n't see that as a bad thing . 
  it 's something that happens as culture and ethnicity intertwine , one language arises from it , and i am perfectly okay with that . 
   some of the highest levels of capital flight in the west , source . 
   i mean these are the guys that supported our new president and gave him non-stop media support the alternative was a massive nationalist and slight racist . 
   real weekly wages as in , accounting for inflation . 
  plz learn economics, 
  i do n't think culture exists on a subconscious level . 
  i think thinking like that contributes more to nationalism than it does to unity, 
   and let 's get real , there is no better way to learn culture than by learning the language i disagree , you learn culture by looking at societal norms and learning history . 
  language is just a tool to convey dialogue about culture . 
  i completely disagree . 
  those in la and urban centers are more likely to vote democrat , and are therefore in support of helping these minorities who tend to vote republican ( for some insane reason ) . 
  if you had an actual democracy . 
  those people would be helped , the current system makes it so that isolated republican communities ca n't be connected , they ca n't be removed from their echo chamber, 
  yes but , does it ? 
  do you think farmers in europe feel they are n't represented ? 
  is representing farmers worth contorting democracy ? 
  yes but it 's hard to be united when one group of people is raised on one language , and you on another . 
  we ca n't all learn all the languages . 
  i 'd like to learn german or swedish though . 
  to be fair , i 've met far-leftists who are anti-immigration , and give that the eu is considered a symbol of globalism , some far-leftists disagree with that . 
  some also think the eu is non-democratic ( and i would have to agree , it needs reforming in that way ) . 
  but i voted remain, 
  of course i voted remain, 
  surely that would be `` proportionate '' though ... 
  that 's very true, 
  i do . 
  not that i want to destroy culture , i just want us to all be unified . 
  the op article ? 
  no it does n't . 
  it does n't disagree with what i 've said , which is that a significant chunk of remain voters , enough to tip the scales a lot , thought that the eu was a sinking ship . 
   dude , malta has 6 seats . 
  there is n't any other country with less seats . 
  malta has 6 seats with 0.5 million , germany has 99 with 85 million , yes , malta is over represented . 
  they should have just over half a seat if you really want them to be represented equally . 
  they have less seats , because they have much fewer people in the eu . 
  you should be an honourary eu citizen for being rational, 
  i 'm british and i continuously heard people genuinely believing that the eu was a sinking ship . 
  so , how 's that ? 
  people downvote because they 're fucking morons who don ; t even consider criticising their own electoral systems . 
  communism should never be the state , that 's the thing . 
  look up actual marxist theory . 
  it 's not communism if the state is in control , the state should n't even exist in communism . 
  they lied . 
   inevitably does , only small amounts of people die . 
  how ? 
  under what law or rule ? 
  you 're fucking crazy . 
  get out of here with your rationality . 
  it was n't communism . 
  ussr was a fucking fascist one-party state that gave no power to the people at all . 
  please just research what socialist theory actually is before you jump to conclusions . 
  can i just say thank you so fucking much for being the guy to actually do the research on what socialism and socialist theory is instead of going off what history says it is . 
  we need more people like you , just willing to do the research and be rational about these things . 
  i think the real news here is that trump still has supporters . 
  seriously though , i think the main difference between america and europe is that america has a long history of monetary lobbying : basically legalised bribery . 
  as far as i know , no country in western europe has that . 
  none of them allow money to have so much power over the political process in comparison to america . 
  so if you want to know the issue , it 's pretty blatant and `` easy '' to solve : ban lobbying . 
  that , plus removing the electoral college . 
  you do those things and i bet everything will become a whole lot better . 
  lobbying does quite a few things : it allows companies to wield power over citizens without their say so , it allows parties to appeal to companies more than voters in order to get paid more , and it wastes money that could be otherwise spent on the economy , instead going into the pockets of politicians and political party organisations . 
  i genuinely think monetary lobbying is the biggest issue america has in comparison to the rest of the western world . 
  solve that and you may be able to solve everything , you hand power back to the people , instead of it being in the hands of the dollar . 
  i think you may be the first american who is n't irrationally patriotic , defending his own country despite its failures . 
  that 's step 1 . 
  step 2 is get other people to question things as well . 
  step 3 is move to europe when you realise everyone in america is an ignorant fuckwit . 
  step 4 is realising fuckwits exist everywhere . 
   oh god that 's not what i meant thank god . 
  there are a surprising amount of those people wandering the internet . 
  usually in r/conspiracy  international nationalism is a paradox . 
  i meant more along the lines of having low nationalism , and replacing it with preference for one country ( russia ) rather than international nationalism . 
  what do you mean by `` mlp '' ? 
  hypocrisy is the backbone of crooked politics . 
  point out their flaws and ignore your own . 
  they do n't really care about clinton getting money from saudi arabia , it 's just useful against an enemy to get people angry and riled up . 
   russia does have globalist institutions like the csto and the eurasian union . 
  hardly any alt right person cares that those institutions exist but will moan on about the eu and nato . 
  nato and the eu have a lot more power over things though , so i can kind of see that point . 
   agree with all of that . 
  the eu botched the immigration issue the issue was n't taking in immigrants , it was a. making europe out to be some kind of haven for people fleeing war , resulting in more of them for europe , despite neighbouring middle eastern countries doing almost jackshit for immigrants , and b. 
  not doing enough to solve the problem in the middle east in the first place . 
   nobody in the western world has any idea to fix the unemployment problem due to automization two words : space jobs . 
  mother . 
  space jobs . 
  asteroid miners , space station engineers/maintenance , colonists to moon/mars habitats . 
  automation may still be an issue after all that , but if it is , i have some pretty good ideas on what should happen ; government buys out electricity/water/farming companies , provides them for free , paid for by higher taxes on the rich . 
  that provides a basic level of care for everyone , regardless of employment . 
  that 's best case scenario the way i see it . 
  probably wo n't happen though , we will simply end up with a greater divide between rich and poor . 
   also no they are not stupid self preservation is a strong motivator it 's stupid when there is little reason to fear immigrants or isis . 
  in 2011 more people died to the wind than to terrorists in the us , car accidents are much more deadly , and yet we do n't seem to fear cars at all . 
   and the only one without a doubt to be completely bought off is marine le pen . 
  there 's no evidence so i ca n't believe that at all .
