  and have very little to do with the people . 
  it 's like going to medieval england and asking why they are n't killing the king for having pretty much all of the money , and not sharing at all . 
   they have immense natural resources , including every bit as much timber as finland by the way , as well as temperate climate perfect for growing a bunch of staples . 
  but little to no capacity to work together and instead funneling as much of everything to whoever can get it . 
  are you seriously still defending the climate ? 
  the climate is objectively shit . 
  they have consistent droughts , some periods of massive rainfall , and overall shit , extremely infertile land in comparison to europe , partially because the goddamn sahara has taken over a lot of it , and also becaus ethe ice sheets have moved up , and ttherefore the regions most affected by mild frost have too , and [ mild frost increases soil fertility ] ( https://link.springer.com/article/10.1023/a:1011398431524 ) . 
  i wish you 'd listen to science instead of listening to nationalistic pride . 
   but little to no capacity to work together and instead funneling as much of everything to whoever can get it . 
  i could use that exact same argument against capitalism in support of socialism but i bet you would n't listen . 
  it is n't the people 's fault that they are downtrodden . 
  it 's so fucking easy for you to sit on the throne of europe and look down at all the tiny little afticans who `` just do n't work hard enough '' when they walk 16 miles a fucking day to get food and water . 
   no , not lazy . 
  both capable and already working as hard as anyone else i 'd imagine . 
  just not together for their nations ' common good because of historical and cultural reasons . 
  they do work together , if anything they work together more than us fucking europeans , who just walk past each other on the streets every day , ignoring most of the population . 
  these guys on the other hand , have to stay together , or they will die , because they can not survive alone . 
  the problem if the complete lack of infrastructure or stable organisations to allow them to have a similar lifestyle for us . 
  you can call then lazy or `` not working together '' all you fucking want but it does n't make you any more of a hard worker in comparison to them . 
  what do you do to maintain the coherence of the government ? 
  we have indulgent lives that leave us stagnant , and allow us to criticise africans , they do n't have that on the opposite side . 
  so you 'd do well to try feeling sympathy , since you so clearly ca n't feel empathy, 
  i disagree with the council , since the whole point is that each country is represented by the council with 28 members . 
  but i agree with the president needing electing , and i would also add that you want parliament and council to be able to suggest legislation . 
  if they advocate the whole `` scientific racism '' thing where all brown people have low iq , then yeah , that 's one step away from being a nazi , under a different name . 
  israelis are sticklers for this actually . 
  foreign economic policy . 
  they negotiate treaties with other countries . 
  so with that in mind , why would we need a 2 tier system ? 
  and cultures will always change . 
  no point advocating stagnation, 
  i said we should have more a democratic eu to make the people feel represented ( council and parliament able to suggest legislation , president elected by everyone ) lobbying should be limited in a major way before laws get tainted when the eu gets more power revise the eu constitution to something more hardline , that people can care about , like america 's , only learning from every one of their mistakes . 
  then after all of this , form the eu military as a unified force . 
  you do n't know what socialism is . 
  you realise most socialists hate the eu because of it 's recent neo-liberal policies ? 
  so funny to watch you 2 pat the eu ball back and forth around the pole of ignorance and the string of identity politics . 
  wow that metaphor worked hard . 
  a nazi is someone who strongly believes in cultural hegemony , nationalism , separation of races , strong borders , hatred of other races ( because brown people are lazy right ? ) . 
  if you tick all the boxes , i 'm gon na use the most accurate term for you , and if you do n't like it , maybe take a look at yourself . 
   finland had practically no resources , terrible climate for growing much of anything and also a horrible trading position . 
  until ww2 it was a poor agricultural country and practically all of their success since then they built based on their people . 
  and their massive wood industry , and the complete lack of diseases in snowy areas , and the fertile land caused by mild frost every year . 
   do you understand the word `` was '' ? 
  it 's past tense you moron . 
  oh i see , it 's historical cultural hegemony , interesting , and convoluted . 
   and i am currently helping to sustain that and build on the past successes of those who did the previous building . 
  no you are n't . 
  even if you were , it 's massively easy for you being born in a rich country . 
  hence , my point . 
   unlike most of africa that seems more interested in tearing down their previous successes examples ? 
  any examples that are n't corrupt governments ? 
   but other parts are building up , doing so with little to no help from us and good for them that they 're doing that . 
  mostly in the south and north of africa , which supports my theory . 
  why not the rest ? 
  err , because countries near the equator struggle to keep up with growth rate in the first-world because of massive diseases and droughts . 
   all of which means nothing if the people inhabiting those lands are fractious and unable to come together to make use of those resources and opportunities there are several countries in africa right now that are perfectly peaceful , and have been for centuries , and yet are not rich yet . 
  look at burkina faso for example . 
  sankara comes in , basically makes the damn country perfect in every way , up to first-world standards , gdp per capita [ barely even rises ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/burkina-faso/gdp-per-capita ) . 
  even cameroon , that region has been mostly peaceful since it 's inception , only getting involved in helping african unions defend against terrorists in local regions , and yet still massively poor . 
  because they 're lazy , right ? 
  nothing to do with malaria or meningitis or dengue fever , or rotting food because of lack of refrigeration , and perfect climate for bacteria to spread , or lack of clean water meaning more disease , or shit infertile land meaning a struggle to even get food in the first place , or droughts when they do find some place to grow crops because of shit climate . 
  but no , ignore all that , because it 's because they 're lazy , and only because of that , right ? 
   africa has plenty of resources that is not their problem , their problem is the inability to use those resources due to lack of societal cohesion . 
  which is a problem we ca n't solve for them . 
  we literally can though . 
  right now they are spread into towns , barely connected by shit roads , no public transport , no entertainment with which to bring themselves together , because they 're too busy struggling for natural resources to have much free time . 
  but , ignore all that because they 're just plain lazy . 
   africa is one of the richest regions on the planet when it comes to natural resources . . yep , guess that 's what happens when you ca n't dig it up because of years of infighting , colonisation , corruption cause by imperialism . 
  not to mention us funnelling arms into the area , even to this day . 
  that , on top of humid conditions being perfect for bacteria , disease , and massive droughts , stopping them from even starting to create infrastructure . 
   so yes they should do like us and dig all of it up then sell it to us while using the proceeds to modernize themselves . 
  some african countries are doing so and succeeding because they are unified as a people and willing to work and sacrifice for the common good . 
  many asian countries have done the same . 
  more asian countries have managed to do the same because they live in slightly more temperate climates where droughts and disease are n't as much of an issue . 
  same process is occurring in the more northern parts of the middle east ( excluding syria ) . 
  what makes you think asians are somehow special enough to just now start becoming rich ? 
  they have the worlds highest iqs , greater cognitive ability , so according to your cultural hegemony view , they should be richest , right ? 
  or are they just somehow smart but also lazy ? 
  or maybe your world-view is batshit insane with nothing to back it up . 
  there is a [ massive correlation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geography_and_wealth ) between proximity to equator , and wealth , in case you have n't noticed . 
  almost as if those things i 've been talking about ( diseased water/food , droughts ) correlate with hot weather . 
  you think that world spanning correlation is a lack of hard work ? 
  or do you think brown people just have a tendency to be lazier ? 
   formation of policy through pathological alturism . 
  how is that a bad thing ? 
   guns , germs and steel attitude towards european success . 
  never read it but i bet i 'd like it . 
  much better than arguing for genetic superiority . 
  sorry if i 'd prefer to keep my nazis dead . 
   a vicarious guilt for the supposed transgressions of your ancestors . 
  not even at all . 
  i dislike people who think like that , i just want to help people  idealistic views on equality realistic . 
  disdain for national culture or culture in general . 
  i like culture , just not when it 's used to imply superiority . 
  imagine someone saying `` hey , your eiffel tower sucks compared with my the shard !, 
  '' , and that 's what i hate , comparing them in ways that do n't even matter , instead of just enjoying both . 
   wanting open borders i would actually prefer to help these countries through foreign aid and oversight before just bringing them all over , but unfortunately people like you disagree with both of those , so i have to agree with the easier option in order to get anywhere at all . 
  i also would eventually like to have a world without borders at all , after a long period of foreign aid and building infrastructure and democracy everywhere . 
  there is nothing wrong with cultural diversity . 
   you may as well come right out and say you want the extinction of the european people through suicidal ideology .
