  it 's not that simple at all . 
  europe has an ideal trading position , ideal climate , plenty of natural resources that we have been able to exploit throughout history to gain an upper hand ( tin was especially useful in creating things to kill people ) . 
  because of this we have been able to create stable infrastructure ( schools , hospitals , roads , banks , democratic governments ) in order to perpetuate this wealth . 
  our position in this world was n't created by hard work , but primarily by circumstance . 
  your stance here is just as bad as the american `` pull yourself up by the bootstraps '' types . 
  people are n't poor because they don ; t work hard enough , plenty of there are simply born into shitshows where they never stood a chance in the first place . 
  you on the other hand were born into one of the richest countries in the world . 
  so why the hell are you here bragging about how much you as an individual have done to make your country rich ? 
  you had nothing to do with it . 
  in a similar vein , poor people in third-world countries had nothing to do with their countries poverty , so why not share the wealth instead of fannying about acting superior because of where you were born , and lets make humanity unified and cool as shit , as it should be . 
  how is it aimed at young people ? 
  because it uses the internet instead of good old-fashioned telegrams ? 
  you guys will choose anything to insult , even if it is literally asking the population what they want from the eu . 
   oh i get they do n't count because it does n't help your cause gotcha . 
  more because they 're countries that are n't really comparable with america in any other way at all . 
   they are slavs , they came from the same place , what happens after is irrelevant because they are still part of the slavic people of which russia is apart of . 
  i 'll go tell all the anthropologists who coined and popularised the separation of slavic people that you know better than them then , shall i ? 
   i would think the 3 biggest events in european history that all involve russia would count them as part of european history to be honest but that 's okay because it 's obviously not trueeuropeanhistorytm i 'm trying to show you how separated from these events russia actually was , which they were , until it became their problem . 
   i could also throw in the 7 years war and the great northern war if you want , that 's another two of the top of my head . 
  first was basically a world war , and the great northern war is probably fair enough , that did include russia quite prominently , but that was even further back into history , at russia 's peak in europe , essentially . 
   i just skipped the rest because you changed the goalpost because you got proven wrong except all the areas where i did n't , like everything else you refused to reply to . 
  or the remaining fact that most of russia is in asia , and they are massively separated from most european everything ( politics , beliefs , infrastructure , ethnicity , language ) . 
   they would be wrong . 
  yes , they would , but no more wrong than referring tot usa as `` america '' , which both of us have done , and many people do to this day , so get off your high horse . 
   i love how it went from europe to the eu once you got proven wrong . 
  firstly , i did n't switch anything , i had eu in my head right from the start until i realised you were including russia . 
  secondly , i never got proven wrong in the first place , europe , including russia , is still more accepting of gays than america . 
  not including russia only makes me more right . 
  all you 're arguing here is how wrong you are . 
  you do n't think there is anything good to be made from the eu whatsoever ? 
  even if you were in charge , you would n't make it a democratic organisation aimed towards the cooperation of europe ? 
   the only thing east of poland is russia latvia , lithuania , estonia , belarus , ukraine  sorry but as much as i do n't ` want ' poland to leave , it would be practically speaking a improvement for the eu . 
  the eu is n't a game to look the best on paper by cutting out the worst of us , it 's supposed to improve europe . 
  interesting pr stunt to invite criticism into the eu , do n't you think ? 
  pr stunts do n't usually involve asking for criticism, 
  nice strategy , if you ca n't see the problem ( war , disease , famine ) it does n't exist , right ? 
   because it counts , you ca n't pick and choose what counts to make your side look right . 
  no i was trying to compare countries that are actually somewhat on par with america in economic and political regards . 
  some of eastern europe still does n't have much democracy , economic or press freedom , stable infrastructure/economic growth , and you want to compare yourself with them . 
   i forgot europe had no slavs eastern and southern slavs are historically separated from western slaves . 
  for example , most western slaves have their languages influenced by german , and many of them just straight up speak german . 
   only russia uses the cryllic alphabet bulgaria is the only country in the eu to use the cyrillic alphabet , and even those guy were and are historically germanic , and connected to the western world in values and politics . 
   i forgot that russia has had no connection with europe historically , apart from you know ww2 , ww1 , napoleonic wars you picked the 3 biggest european wars and then put `` etc. '', 
  because you did n't know any more of them involving russia , did n't you ? 
  those wars only have connection with russia because the perpetrators in all situations decided to invade russia , so russia crushed them . 
  it 's not like either side had strong connections to russia , or asked them to join the war on either side . 
  by comparison , in most of those wars , european countries were connected by bonds , monarchies , friendships , treaties , pacts , etc. 
  the only pact i know of was in ww2 , molotov-ribbentrop , and it was only a `` let 's not kill each other '' pact . 
   russia is the only orthodox christian nation in europe . 
  i mean , pretty much every orthodox nation once again consists of eastern and southern slavs , which are once again not in the eu . 
  maybe with the exception of the baltic states , but even those areas are roman catholic nowadays , and estonia is actually majority atheist . 
   are you fucking trying man ? 
  are you ? 
  throw some harder ones at me . 
   does the balkans not exist to you ? 
  do you just have a massive blank under austria of just undiscovered land ? 
  cyrillic is the standard script for writing in belarusian , bulgarian , macedonian , russian , rusyn , serbo-croatian standard serbian , bosnian , montenegrin and ukrainian . 
  and none of those are in the eu , other than bulgaria , which i have already explained . 
   i 'm irish for one and second of all russia should absolutely be counted , second of all a lot of europe had no data , i can only speculate what would happen if you added eastern europe and the balkans how much it would be effected . 
  when people say `` europe '' , they tend to mean `` western europe '' . 
  i 'm sorry it is that way in all honesty , but when people say `` europe is definitely not homophobic '' they usually are n't thinking about [ chechen death squads ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/01/world/europe/chechen-authorities-arresting-and-killing-gay-men-russian-paper-says.html ) personally i prefer to use `` eu '' over `` europe '' because of this confusion . 
  so yeah , if you want to be pedantic , europe is only slightly more accepting of homosexuality than america , but in terms of what people tend to think about when they think of europe , as in , the eu , they are much more accepting , by a long shot . 
   scandinavia the picture has literally all of the `` pedantic '' definition of scandinavia on it , and also the broader definition . 
  you can learn and come up with ideas for the betterment of all humanity . 
  that is what democracy is all about . 
   does n't matter because russia counts . 
  hahahaha , i get it , you want to compare the worst of europe with the average of america . 
  russia is ethnically , historically , and linguistically disconnected from europe in so many ways , they have very few shared beliefs , entirely different politics , and 75 % of russia is in asia . 
  yeah , you do n't get to `` decide '' who is in which continent . 
  some say connected land ( so eurasia ) or tectonic ( still eurasia ) history , ethnicity . 
  most people say russia is mostly in asia  because it 's europe and it counts that 's why . 
  it 's literally not though . 
  75 % of russia is in asia . 
  their background is entirely disconnected from us , their languages are n't even slightly related . 
  i can ; t believe i 'm arguing with someone so anal about this topic . 
  the point is , even with russia , an extremely homophobic nation included , we still manage to be less homophobic than you . 
  is n't that embarrassing enough ? 
  oh and , russia should n't be included at all, 
   1807 - britain passes abolition of the slave trade act , outlawing british atlantic slave trade . 
   1833 - britain passes abolition of slavery act , ordering gradual abolition of slavery in all british colonies . 
  plantation owners in the west indies receive 20 million pounds in compensation  1819 - portugal abolishes slave trade north of the equator  1858 - portugal abolishes slavery in its colonies , although all slaves are subject to a 20-year apprenticeship from [ here ] ( https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-slavery-idusl1561464920070322 ), 
   the sample size was 1001 people not exactly a great sample size for a country near 300 million people , the margin of error is = / - 3.5 % points . 
   it 's still wrong , most of the countries in the map provided in europe are only a bracket above the us , actually ifg you lok at the drop down list further down you 'll find the actual difference is between 10-25 % on acceptance  excluding germany and spain czechia , italy , france , britain , all over 10 % above america . 
   so let 's do math which is already based on flawed data  hypothetical european state of 528 million and an average acceptance percentage of 63 % like this flawed data . 
  the average of all european countries minus russia is just over 70 %  which in no world is `` us is on a terrible level compared to europe '' in comparison to western europe , which is where most european redditors come from and realistically where we should be comparing america ( a rich , first-world country ) to , america is 2 brackets below , so around 15-20 % , which is in fact quite terrible . 
  of course , adding in slightly less educated and advanced areas of europe gives you an advantage , but why do you want to compare yourself with them ? 
  less than 2 % of thew world could afford a smartphone about 2 decades ago , now most of the world has one , even china , india , parts of the middle east , parts of africa . 
  you do n't have to give anything other than country and language , the rest are optional, 
  nice list , and evidence for any of it whatsoever ? 
  then you should consider the fact that genetic engineering has managed to remove a heritable heart condition from embryoes with [ 72 % accuracy ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/science/2017/aug/02/deadly-gene-mutations-removed-from-human-embryos-in-landmark-study ) . 
  there are plenty of good things happening in the world , you just need to look up a little bit more . 
  it 's nice to see americans and europeans getting along well in this thread . 
  or [ actual , measurable attitudes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/societal_attitudes_toward_homosexuality ), 
  in the actual amendment that `` bans '' slavery , you specifically have a sentence saying that slavery is in fact legal in prisons , or for crimes . 
  i mean i could talk about all the shit britain did for its entire history like banning slavery almost worldwide , but i 'm not an arrogant , self-centred cunt demanding respect because of his own isolated insecurities . 
  america was built on abundant natural resources and the best trading position in the world , do n't pretend it was hard work . 
  did you copy and paste half of this comment from the previous post ? 
  jesus christ you really are desperate to defend yourself . 
  there you go . 
  thank the americans for the dismemberment of our language .
