   we do n't really care about you at all yet here you are on our subreddit complaining about how we don ; t treat you nicely . 
   we 're to busy saving a billion lives you mean killing , right ? 
  because the eu spends 2-3 times more on foreign aid than you do . 
  this one man you pointed out does not somehow represent america . 
  this is what i find funny , do you feel responsible for that man ? 
  do you feel proud because he has an accent like you ? 
  fucking hilariously pathetic . 
  europe invented near enough everything throughout history , and we were killing each other for half of it . 
  you 're welcome . 
   putting a man on the moon because you were scared of the russians . 
  they still beat you into space , which i still find funny . 
  `` what do you mean the russians put a man in space ? 
  well , guess we better go to the moon ! '' . 
  cute though . 
   and doing things like inventing the internet oh you must be talking about tim berners lee from cern , right ? 
  a brit , working for the european cern , invented http which allows webpages to be transferred easily . 
  or the computer , which allows the code to be run upon it , conceived by turing , a brit . 
  hell arpanet even credits donald davies , a brit , with making packet switching work properly , but i guess you like to take credit as we perfect your shit work . 
  see i could hold that superiority of basically inventing everything to do with the internet over every other country , but i tend not to , because i 'm not a cunt , or american , whatever the difference is . 
  show me, 
  i 'll keep enjoying my single-payer healthcare , with the lowest homicide rates in the world , lowest child mortality , lowest relative poverty , guaranteed holidays and maternity leave . 
  you keep enjoying ... guns , baby deaths and climate change denial , i guess . 
  anywhere in northern europe , and most places in the general west . 
  the u gives `` colours '' the lower inflection at the end of the word that it is supposed to have . 
  imagine pronouncing the second o in `` colors '' like you do the first o , and then realise that it 's your spelling that is the venereal disease . 
  what kind of evidence is that exactly ? 
  every good study would say to take it 's findings with a grain of salt , because they 'd sound stupid if they said `` this evidence is completely infallible and will never be wrong '' . 
  there is a correlation between low egg-related salmonella poisoning , and vaccinating chickens , that 's what he is saying . 
  yes , there is no major issues with either method , but the british method results in massively safer eggs , judging by the correlation . 
  the point is supposed to be that , in theory the eu method takes care of more angles than the american methods . 
  in addition , the video specifically mentions uk and us egg-related salmonella statistics , and the british method ( vaccinating chickens to get a seal of approval ) is noticeably more effective at reducing egg-related salmonella rates . 
  hence , yes , the eu method wins . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  holy fuck that anecdotal evidence is hilarious . 
  well done , you pointed out one child dying in britain . 
  you realise [ america has one of the highest child mortality rates in the first-world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_infant_mortality_rate ) how loud do we have to scream it before you stop seeing yourself as perfect , fix your shitty healthcare system , and stop children dying ? 
  when will your arrogance stop ? 
  fucking grow up , please . 
  yes , and he specifically mentions eu chickens being regulated so that they have to be vaccinated . 
   you 're just trying to justify the fact that your worldview is pathetic . 
  you say hypocritical , moronic shit about the us and then when americans call you out on it you go `` this is why we hate you ! '', 
  that way you can convince yourself you win , either way . 
  either americans have to allow you to parade your insecurity-fueled propaganda about the us with impunity , or americans challenge you and then you say that them criticizing you justifies your anti-americanism in the first place . 
  it 's never constructive criticism from you , that 's the issue . 
   eu poverty rate : 16.4 % us poverty rate : 13.5 % because the us measures poverty in a completely different way . 
  the eu does it as 60 % of median income . 
  the us covers up its figures by avoiding using this particular measure , to make it look better . 
  so , take a look at [ this ] ( http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/statistics/household-income-quintiles ) . 
  under this measure , median income is around $ 50,000 , so under $ 30,000 would be poverty by our measure , which would be 20 % of your entire population . 
   the uk has a higher rate of poverty than the us as well , and 22 % of children in the us are in poverty , compared to 27 % of children in the uk . 
  no it does n't , for the exact same reason i just pointed out . 
  that linked source uses the same us poverty measurement system , and i 'm guessing the uk one probably uses the eu system as well you use a different measurement system to make poverty look better . 
   nope . 
  you 're british , you elect members of parliament who appoint their prime minister what ? 
  no , we elect our prime minister . 
  same goes for most european countries , except they have both a prime minister and a president , and they usually elect the one with the legislative power . 
  shows how much you actually know about the place you 're trying to insult . 
   in the us we elect both our legislators in congress and directly elect our president . 
  no you fucking do n't . 
  you cast a vote , then some other guys in the electoral college decide your president . 
  your current system allowed a man to become president with less of a majority than the other candidate . 
  in addition , lobbying dictates your entire democratic system , as seen by so many manipulated laws , meaning money talks louder than democracy in your world . 
   all of the militaries of europe combined only have 10 % of the military capability the us has . 
  hahaha , again , ignorance . 
  you posted the `` source '' over the term `` 10 % '' to make it look like you 're providing evidence , when `` 10 % '' appears nowhere there at all . 
  now i 'm going to provide a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6l_a4cy6ki ) , complete with actual sources , and embarrass you again . 
  we spend a third of your budget , and have comparable land and naval warfare , whilst being slightly lacking in aircraft , along with the other stuff i have already mentioned . 
  again , stop trying to belittle what amounts to a collective superpower . 
  this is why we get pissed off at you . 
  you immediately assumed the europe is pathetic , and weak , and only has 10 % of your military strength , when you were massively off the mark . 
  what that shows is that your preconceptions are biased against europe . 
  hence why we dislike you and your mentality a lot of the time . 
   and invented pretty much every modern form of music . 
  blues , jazz , rock and roll , hip hop etc. . 
  looking at a period of history where america was the only rich country , and saying `` look at all the music we created ! '' . 
  seriously ? 
  of fucking course you created all the music , europe was fucked . 
  however , take a look at [ europe 's charts ] ( http://top40-charts.com/chart.php?cid=31 ) now . 
  excluding collaborations , the only americans there are charlie puth , dj khaled ( originally palestinian ) , french montana ( half moroccan ) , maggie lindeman ( never heard of her , doubt you have either ) , imagine dragons , and then a few pop singers . 
  now take a look at the [ american charts ] ( http://www.billboard.com/charts/hot-100 ) . 
  notice how you see a whole bunch of british musicians , around 10 different ones actually , couple of german , scottish , norwegian , french . 
  wow , now you might have to admit that american culture is n't dominating everywhere . 
  crazy thoughts going through your head now , right ? 
  a norwegian managed to get onto your charts , what are these foreigners doing in your country ? 
   we 're 5 % of the earth 's population europe has over twice your population , so i guess we 're 10-12 % . 
  in addition , china is about 20-25 % , does that make them 4-5 times as important as you ? 
   have only been a country for about 250 years and were practically handed half of your country , killed the other inhabitants , have the most abundant natural resources in the world , just on your land , have the worlds greatest trading position . 
  acting like you did hard work for that is a joke . 
  europe is a region without many significant natural resources , and yet we still manage to rival you . 
   have about half of the best selling authors of all time . 
  bitch i 'm british . 
  we have 1/5th your population , a tiny landmass , and yet still manage to have 1/2 your best selling authors on that same list . 
  you want to hear more about cultural dominance , give the british the landmass and natural resources that you have , we 'd crush you . 
  in addition , how many american authors can you actually name from that list , without going back to it ? 
  now you try , name me some totally popular american authors . 
  i 'll give you stephen king as a headstart . 
   every single thing you 've said so far has been complete nonsense . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_highest-grossing_films ) . 
  i 'll even babysit you . 
  just look at how many of those films were done by people who are n't american .
