i meant several hundred million people . 
  i forgot a word , fixed now . 
  never said it was . 
  meanwhile you fail to recognize that the middle east is a giant fucking place full of several hundred million people with diverse opinions from many different walks of life , religious , and ideological backgrounds . 
  / r/communism101 would . 
  they 're pretty strict there . 
  i 've gotten banned from there on a different account myself , for not kowtowing to the leninist party line . 
  / r/debateanarchism / r/debatecommunism both would not . 
  they very rarely delete comments or ban users . 
  in any case , i 'm interested in this part :  i still fully believe you apply balant double standers to justify your ideology in what way ? 
  i do n't think i do . 
  i think the only double standard here is your notion that you can both exploit third world countries but at the same time now allow the residents of those countries into your continent . 
   you said that you defend the right for self-determination right ? 
  sure , although based on the rest of your comment , i 'm not sure you understand what self-determination actually is . 
   you defend zimbabwe getting `` rid of whites '' as they do n't belong there where the fuck did i say that you hypocritical piece of shit ? 
  the fact that you * literally * need to put words into my mouth and form strawmen in order to make your pathetic , lousy argument tells us everything there is to know about your petulant , neo-imperialist ideology . 
  of course i would . 
  singling out one ethnic group for criticism is bigoted . 
  you seriously do n't understand how the phrase `` jewish bankers are ruining the world '' is anti-semitic ? 
  lol of course not . 
  i 've railed against it , here on reddit . 
  china is a shitbag too , but right now i 'm in / r/europe , not / r/china . 
  jesus , the map is about jihadis in europe why are there jihadis in europe ? 
  because of the reasons i 've stated above . 
  now was that so hard ? 
   old money , americans like to call them that . 
  large corporations , a lot of the old aristocracy , okay , sure , so the capitalist class . 
   some jewish bankers ... ... and apparently we 're being anti-semitic now ? 
  please , go fuck yourself . 
  no doubt , but who is behind neoliberal capitalism ? 
  i would support any party that places a ban on immigration * if and only if * it also bans the sale of products produced in labor conditions that would be illegal within that same country . 
  of course , no such party exists , and as such pretty much all nativists are giant flaming hypocrites as far as i 'm concerned . 
  yea , man , do n't complain about the ethnic cleansing of the romani . 
  the abrogation of people 's human rights are a total non-issue . 
  oh my god you literally did not address a single thing i said not addressing any of my points must be * so * exhausting . 
  please , rest easy , i 'm sure it was * so friggin tiring * for you to completely miss the point . 
  hahahahaha okay except :  muslims that interacted with europe were mostly africans . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  the ottomans certainly were n't african but even disregarding that , what / u/fibs3n is getting at is that the majority of the instability of africa and the middle east was * created * - either accidentally , or , more often , intentionally engineered - by europe and the us . 
  a point which you completely fail to understand because you 're too busy trying to make this into some kind of personal attack on you and all white people , which its not . 
  literally no one is denying that islam-christian wars were both ways historically , but in the past 200 years or so - the most salient time frame for discussing the present - imperialism was pretty much 100 % one way - in the direction of the african and the middle eastern peoples . 
  which shows you completely fail to understand the term . 
  dictatorship did n't mean `` totalitarian '' when marx wrote as it does now . 
  the various dictators of the 20th century imparted the term with a new meaning and new connotations that were n't there before . 
  when marx wrote , * as your own fucking link notes * :  at the time the term was coined , `` dictatorship '' simply meant `` rule '' . 
  the word `` dictatorship '' in a marxist context is thus not used with the modern meaning of the word in light , but simply refers to political power residing in the hands of one class or the other . 
   rosa luxemburg , a marxist theorist , emphasized the role of the dictatorship of the proletariat as the rule of the whole class , representing the majority , and not a single party , characterizing the dictatorship of the proletariat as a concept meant to expand democracy rather than reduce it , as opposed to minority rule in the dictatorship of the bourgeoisie , the only other class state power can reside in according to marxist theory . 
  and marx cited the paris commune as an example of the `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' :  the commune was formed of the municipal councilors , chosen by universal suffrage in the various wards of the town , responsible , and revocable at short terms . 
  the majority of its members were naturally workers , or acknowledged representatives of the working class . 
  the commune was to be a working , not a parliamentary body , executive , and legislative at the same time . 
  aka , a direct democracy . 
  it was with lenin that things took a different turn . 
  the notion of a vanguard party , central to leninism , postulates that even after the revolution , the capitalist class poses a threat to the proletariat state , so it must be violently repressed via authoritarian measures . 
  but by no means do * all * marxists agree on even the notion of a vanguard party . 
  rosa luxemburg writes :  this dictatorship consists in the manner of applying democracy , not in its elimination , but in energetic , resolute attacks upon the well-entrenched rights and economic relationships of bourgeois society , without which a socialist transformation can not be accomplished . 
  this dictatorship must be the work of the class , and not of a little leading minority in the name of the class -- that is , it must proceed step by step out of the active participation of the masses ; it must be under their direct influence , subjected to the control of complete public activity ; it must arise out of the growing political training of the mass of the people . 
  karl kautsky writes :  the term , `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' , hence , not the dictatorship of a single individual , but of a class , ipso facto precludes the possibility that marx , in this connection , had in mind a dictatorship in the literal sense of the term . 
  all from the fucking wiki page , but i got more if you 're interested . 
   marxism is a totalitarian , absolute system that has led to mass murders and genocides directly . 
  no it 's not , you dithering idiot . 
  take off shirt 2 . 
  look at tag 3 . 
  notice it was made by bangladeshi/nigerian/vietnamese / chinese/peruvian slaves 4 . 
  realize you are still profiting from slavery 5 . 
  realize that if the danes stop importing slave-made products , the price of everything would skyrocket and the supposed development of denmark would collapse , like the massive ponzi scheme it is 6 . 
  realize your entire country is built on a lie 7 . 
  rinse and repeat for every capitalist nation, 
  lol way to switch the fucking subject . 
  one second we 're talking about africa , but then you just * had * to budge in with your islamophobia , did n't you ? 
  no matter how irrelevant it was . 
  why do you think that ? 
  the entire first world 's existence is subsidized by the slavery of the third world . 
  ... what does this even mean ? 
  you think allowing the products of slave labor to be sold in western countries means that western countries are n't complicit ? 
  what about the many coups western governments have staged whenever a local leader tries `` to do something about it themself '' ? 
  they still are . 
  how much do you wan na bet there are multiple items in and around your house made by africans in slave or slave-like conditions ? 
  [ for example , got some chocolate lying around ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/zen4hczuto0 ), 
  give me the exact quotes , i 'm not gon na go out and buy 23 books to win an internet argument . 
  although in all likelihood you have n't ever actually read any of these sources , but instead just copypaste-vomited out a list of sources on race as a form of [ gish gallop ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/gish_gallop ) . 
  which a quick google search confirms since this list of sources is used by racists across the web to justify all kinds of quackery and pseudoscientific garbage . 
  and which even common sense confirms since i find it hilariously unlikely that a work such as  reid , alexander ( 1990 ) . 
  rate of illness from sex rises in teenagers . 
  boston globe . 
  april 1 1 . p. . 
  or  stolberg , sheryl gay ( 1998 ) . 
  epidemic of silence : a special report . 
  eyes shut , black america is being ravaged by aids . 
  could have * anything * to do with black parenting . 
   well , it might come off as a terrible surprise to you , but my country does not have the first world standard of living . 
  i also do n't recall any imperialism and slavery commited in the third world by it . 
  take a look at your shirt . 
  read the tag . 
  made in poland with polish labor conditions ? 
  made in bangladesh by slaves ? 
  you 're contributing to slavery , have a fucking medal !, 
    ( bunch of books and links which probably have some truth and merit in them , but it 's clear they were written with heavy agenda )  let me rephrase your own completely unrelated post . 
  lol okay because all of these sources are just dumb shills : the register , kevin b. bales , the co-founder and previously president of free the slaves and a professor at multiple universities on both sides of the pond , antislavery.org , the institute for human rights and business , and the guardian . 
  way to not fucking address any of the sources .
