  i 'm pretty hyped for this movie , i trust nolan that he 'll get it right . 
  plus ww2 is a very interesting topic . 
  this was 2012 ; it 'd be interesting to see what has changed since then . 
  i wonder if greece 's number is higher given the economic difficulties they 've gone through since then , or if they stick to the southern european way of low suicide rates . 
  christ ... canada must be unbearable . 
  is north dakota particularly cold for its location or is it similar in neighbouring states like minnesota ? 
  yeah , it 's the gulf steam . 
  but holy shit , -29 ? 
  is it always that cold in north dakota this time of year ? 
  wow , that already exists too ? 
  i only just found / r/the _ schulz a few days ago , i have no idea why him specifically . 
  i can understand donald trump or nigel farage because of their quotes and personalities , but does schulz behave any differently to the average boring politician ? 
  eu approval rating in greece probably going to drop even more , like its not already super low . 
  yeah i agree . 
  honestly ukip is probably the most tame out of all these `` far right '' or `` populist right '' or whatever you want to call them . 
  i was thinking about hungary and slovakia , more specifically jobbik and people 's party our slovakia . 
  also , did you misread ? 
  i wrote eastern ; when i think of central i think of czech republic and austria . 
  damn , that 's harsh . 
  i always saw her and her party as one of the more extreme in western and northern europe , compared to sd , dpp , ukip etc. 
  not sure about afd . 
  although eastern europe definitely has more extreme parties . 
  i 'll add that it 's not all ... i have seen reasonable and calm people with every flair on here . 
  but yes , without mentioning any names , there are some loud romanians on here who constantly trash the uk . 
  i 'm not talking about normal banter either . 
  the independent is a low quality clickbait paper , but they were n't the ones who did the survey . 
  that was [ yougov ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/12/05/many-europeans-say-immigration-has-meant-they-dont/ ), 
  so 15 % of poles think that there are so many immigrants in poland , that it does n't feel like home any more . 
  how the fuck ? 
  are they trolling ? 
  [ or better yet ... just check polls over time to see the trend . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_swedish_general_election,_2018 ), 
  yep . 
  an area that on estimate voted 72 % remain ; was lib dem in 1997 when the boundaries were drawn , remained lib dem in 2005 and went conservative in 2010 . 
  now its lib dem again . 
  stop the presses . 
   the actions against women were supported by imams and muslim religious leaders , who declared that bengali women were ` war-booty ' ... wow . 
  i 'm shocked but at the same time , i 'm really not . 
  i know why free movement exists . 
  i mean that it 's not fair on non-eu immigrants that if the uk wants to cut immigration it needs to make it incredibly hard to immigrate from outside the eu because immigrants from the eu can come at whatever pace they want . 
  essentially they 'll have to deny a lot of potential talent if they want to keep the numbers down . 
  it 's totally unrealistic when people say that they should just stop all non-eu immigration to solve the problem . 
  how did i miss that you linked an article , even the same , in your comment ? 
  for some reason i did n't see it , my bad . 
  it 's a fall in people from western europe yes , but eastern europe as a whole has increased . 
  should n't they be the most pushed away because of perceived xenophobia ? 
  also we do n't know if it 's seasonal or not . 
  romanians and bulgarians are some of the biggest groups working seasonally and their number decreased . 
   i think brexit has worked in pushing away eu migrants , so do n't worry . 
  [ no signs of that yet at least . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/nov/16/surge-eastern-europeans-working-uk-since-eu-referendum-brexit ), 
  making it almost impossible for people outside the eu to move to the uk while having no restriction at all for people coming from the eu hardly sounds fair or optimal . 
  nope . 
  i 'm biased though , i used to live there and i have close ties to the country . 
  i guess its different for those who are federalists or who feel really passionate about the eu but for me it does n't matter at all if brits are in or out . 
  i love you guys all the same . 
  so much bullshit in one comment , i 'd be surprised if anyone bothers trying to debunk this nonsense . 
  brexit polling was not that far off to be honest . 
  it was very close and within the margin of error . 
  the reason why it came as a shock was because of a few last minute polls favouring remain and the belief that people would stick to the status quo . 
  i only just realized last week that the rerun of the austrian presidential vote is on the same day as the italian referendum . 
  feels like i should put money on le pen . 
  i chickened out on putting any on trump even though i wanted to ... we all know how that went . 
  link me some of his constant warmongering then . 
  if you mean repeating that gibraltar is british and always will be , then i do n't see the problem seeming as the spanish government wo n't shut up about wanting it to be under spanish control . 
  oh and i 'm swedish , so it 's not `` my colony '' . 
  i was there on holiday once though , nice place . 
  except nobody even cares about fabian picardo . 
  he was in contact with the commander of the armed forces in gibraltar ; in what way is this strange or an attempt to rile people up ? 
  also lol @ thinking that the uk is a failure yet touting your achievement as healthcare not being privatized , even when the nhs is n't privatized either . 
  my mother is spanish and i like your country too much to start hurling insults , but its laughable that a spaniard thinks they can call the uk a failure of a country . 
  do you think this is some massive story in the uk ? 
  do you see politicians riling up people about a warning flare ? 
  i only see mad spaniards in this thread , nobody else cares . 
  also if the uk is a failure of a country , i 'd like to hear what country you live in . 
  presumably your country has achieved way more than britain ever has , right ? 
  in my opinion , several of her policies were necessary . 
  her biggest failure was not investing in some kind of future for those areas whose industries could n't produce a profit anymore . 
  but the world was changing , the government could n't subsidize everything forever . 
  also it 's worth noting that reddit is different from the general population ; she is very controversial , both hated and loved by many different people . 
  she still tops lists of best prime minister . 
  yep . 
  did n't make it clear in my original comment but i agree , it 's not only immigration although that certainly plays a huge part . 
  sarkozy is tarnished with his political reputation too ; a lot of people who vote le pen are looking for a big change from people exactly like sarkozy . 
  she probably is ; and personality does play a role , correct . 
  but the guy says this  they are more interested in the performance , in the theatrical quality of what is said than whether it is true . 
  and as we know , a fascist can put on a very successful performance . 
  totally missing the point regarding why support for her party has grown so much . 
  and then if she wins he 'll panic and wo n't understand why people voted for her . 
   as for le pen it is unlikely that she wins but it is possible , and that is partly because the people have lost interest in policy , instead focusing on personality . 
  no you idiot , it 's not a coincidence that she is polling well on an anti-immigration and anti-islam platform . 
  it has everything to do with policy and a huge backlash against mass immigration , especially from islamic countries . 
  must suck being norweigan/swiss and a fan of these interesting maps ... half of them do n't include norway or switzerland . 
  it 's no big deal . 
  you were n't the only angry person on here after the brexit vote . 
  if you find it infuriating to hear , just stop commenting ? 
  we both have lives outside of this right ? 
  no need to take everything so personallly . 
  i have nothing more to add and i have lunch soon , but you said you were curious about which other account i meant so i responded . 
  initially i was wondering what other ridiculous crap you 've got considering your comment above about jews .
