  also  i refuse to be dragged in to some convoluted bullshit you had with some other user on here , and whatever transpired between you two . 
  i mostly admired the hysteria , that 's all . 
  you write in the exact same style and your account was created at the same time that the other was banned . 
  the only difference is that you 've toned down your rhetoric since you probably do n't want to get banned again . 
  forget disapproving about brexit ; i do n't care about that . 
  when you say that british identity is n't legitimate that 's when you go too far . 
  you 're projecting pretty hard , i 'm not part of any brexit shilling team . 
  i 'm simply a swede who used to live in the uk . 
  hardly all my comments are about brexit either . 
  oh and 80 % of my time on reddit is on my phone or shitposting at work . 
  why bother denying that it was your account ? 
  i 'm happy that you are n't as hysterical anymore on this new one . 
  i do n't waste my time looking through people 's comments , but i 've seen your comments on posts here recently and they are written in the same style as your old banned account . 
  then i checked your account creation date and sure enough , right around the time you were banned . 
  also lol @ brexit opinion factory , yep this sounds like ye good old / u/source-direct, 
  yep , you know what i 'm talking about . 
  you must be joking . 
  then again , your old account got banned because you kept calling for the dissolution of the uk and british identity . 
  what other crazy views have you got for us ? 
  low taxes sound nice , but would n't romania benifit from infrastructure upgrades to come closer to western standards ? 
  that sounds like a better idea in my opinion . 
  the guy said that deep down , it was about dividing europe for russian gain . 
  how can that be the case when the uk public and political opinion has always alligned with nato and the us ? 
  some people on here seem to think that russia played a much bigger role than they did . 
  why does everything have to become about russia ? 
  seriously , russia was a non-topic in the referendum . 
  and few brits or british mp 's want to leave nato . 
  throughout my life , everyone around me has always used eastern europe to describe the area behind the iron curtain . 
  poland , czech republic and everything east of that . 
  maybe the answer lies in improving the image that is brought up when people think of eastern europe ? 
  instead of dumping the label on countries in the area except your own . 
  i mean , if you think of moldova and ukraine as eastern europe then romania should be as well . 
  your country is right underneath those other two . 
  it 's heading in a good direction already . 
  i think the old stereotype of `` grey communist dump '' is being replaced . 
  tourism has become a huge thing in many of those countries . 
  south tyrol is one of my favourite places in europe . 
  years ago , my dad took me there for the first time to stay with some family friends in a small village . 
  loved it ever since . 
   but economist david mcwilliams points out that commercial rents in dublin , at $ 673 per square metre , are now 42 % higher than in frankfurt  average monthly rent in dublin is around # 1,450 , comfortably higher than london 's # 1,277 average . 
  jesus fucking christ ... i had heard that rents were increasing but that is insane . 
  i do n't browse that sub . 
  what about it ? 
   my parents were never very religious so i did n't wear a kippa or anything like that , but i still avoided revealing that i was a jew to all but my closest friends . 
  dude , exactly the same here . 
  my sister is still in school and she tells me about how she hears talk about `` zionist parasites '' from a lot of her classmates . 
  she does n't tell anyone about her background either . 
  it 's amazing , because she goes to a prestigious school with a lot of far left activism . 
  some very bright people there , yet they have no problem uttering the most vile things . 
  just replace `` jew '' with `` zionist '' and they feel like they have carte blanche to say whatever they want . 
  it 's sad to be honest . 
  i feel like the only place where i could be 100 % open with being jewish is israel or the us . 
  i was in barcelona a month ago , and anti-tourism sentiment was definitely more noticable than a few years earlier . 
  anti-tourism stickers and graffiti were common . 
  standing in queue for a nightclub and i was talking to some native of the city who was complaining about the hordes of tourists . 
  was a bit awkward ... but it 's understandable . 
  as long as they do n't take it out on the actual tourists , most are harmless who just want to enjoy the city . 
  not the same as praising their system of government is it ? 
  countries sell weapons to other countries , nothing new there . 
  the grasping at straws is getting more intense . 
  yeah , forget nuance and context : evil delusional brits !!, 
   imagine the outrage if hitler was voted the `` greatest german '' . 
  because that 's totally the same . 
  lol . 
  lol pretty accurate to be honest . 
  should have the `` local crime '' mod comment on there too . 
  i 'd say that the countries on warning and elevated warning are basically no problem either . 
  i 've been to israel , mexico and thailand several times and never had any problem . 
  although could be useful to research a bit about the social and political situation in those countries before you go . 
  or just do n't be an idiot and do shit like pissing on the kings portrait in public in thailand . 
  high warning is when it starts getting shaky imo . 
  yeah exactly , that 's one of the reasons why this survey is n't the one holy answer to which countries are more racist than others . 
  it is however a good step forward . 
  combined with more data , different studies and new questions , you can get a much better picture . 
  either way , the results above are interesting and a good starting point imo . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/?utm_term=.01d7dddc499f ) i actually think it 's really interesting . 
  it 's very hard to accurately measure racial tolerance across different countries , and i think this study takes a good step forward . 
  i hope that research around this topic continues . 
  hopefully we will eventually get a broader and more accurate picture of racial tolerance around the world . 
  is there some kind of map showing hotbeds of support for independence , both in barcelona and other parts of catalonia ? 
  i was visiting family friends in barcelona not too long ago and their area had lots of `` si '' flags . 
  last time i was there was so long ago , it 's amazing to see the change . 
  got the feeling that people are very serious about this . 
   efforts to define german culture are `` often used to draw a line between us and others , '' said katharina zimmermann , a 32-year-old who works in marketing in berlin . 
  she added : `` it makes me shiver when i see a german flag . '' ... 
  if i was german , i 'd think like this guy :  wolfgang bosbach , another leading conservative lawmaker , had a different answer , noting that germany was able to overcome `` nazi barbarism '' to become one of the world 's most stable democracies . 
  `` i am proud of my country , yes , '' he said . 
  i know its a complicated matter , history is hardly clean on both sides . 
  but just like i think it 's in bad taste to support the uvf , i do n't like support for the ira either . 
  they bombed many innocent civilians even if catholics had legitimate grievances . 
  i do n't know about / r/ireland , but every irish flair i see on this sub is anti-british as hell . 
  i 've seen pro ira comments upvoted too many times to count . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5v-hks0odm&amp;feature=youtu.be ) a nice video showing the event . 
  the two people in the photo above have already swapped flags ; the guy on the other side is british , while the other man closer to the camera is french . 
   if it were n't for eu you 'd be a third world shithole . 
  the delusion is strong in this one . 
  i 'm pretty sure this map is outdated . 
  for us its syrians now instead of finns . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.svd.se/historiskt-skifte--nu-finns-fler-syrier-an-finlandare-i-sverige ) and in the uk there are more poles than indians .
