  everyone can calm down , this is understandable and quite normal . 
  jobs in politics and security matters require you to be a british citizen to prove that your loyalties lie with your own country when pitted against another country or entity . 
  its the same here . 
  negotiations will be tough work for both sides , everyone knows this . 
  yes , it was a clever mi5 plot . 
  they skillfully mastered gypsies from romania to turn public sentiment against romania , and therefore the eu , to get the public behind leaving the eu . 
  the next step of their master plan was to campaign to remain in the eu and then fail . 
  next step is sending romanians and poles to the camps . 
  well , what can i say that has n't already been said . 
  sweden has failed when it comes to this . 
  immigration , integration and housing policy failures have all become this cocktail of social exclusion and segregation . 
  i can say that i work in city planning for one of sweden 's 5 biggest cities , and our local politicians are constantly pressuring us to solve the housing shortage and improve integration . 
  we are supposed to build insane numbers of houses yet avoid at all costs making the same mistakes that were made in the 60s and 70s with ** some ** aspects of miljonprogrammet ( which furthered social exclusion ) . 
  this is a brand new bbc article from today . 
  we have a problem , just admit it . 
  a sweden circlejerk is one thing , and there are plenty , but that does n't mean that our country does n't have issues with this . 
  i was mostly referring to the past year or so . 
  on my previous reddit account i never went into this sub . 
  really ? 
  i remember seeing a fair amount of would-be leave voters and posts heavily critical of the eu before the vote ; then in the immediate aftermath there was a huge flood of pro-eu comments and threads . 
  all brexiters were either silent , drowned out or heavily downvoted . 
  then towards the end of the summer they started showing up again . 
  i 'm swedish but yeah , do n't take my word for it . 
  there are polls . 
  most people here are against the euro too but not as many as in britain . 
  follow through with what ? 
  you do realize that he has no power in westminster and his party only has one mp ( who hates him ) ? 
   pm may will beg the eu to let the uk into the euro . 
  keep dreaming . 
  you have no idea how unpopular that idea is in the uk . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but has n't france , austria and switzerland all set up some kind of border with italy over the past year ? 
  i do n't think it 'll be stop them heading north though . 
  how do you judge `` performed worse '' ? 
  because you know that it 's natural that countries like ireland , poland and romania ( which were much poorer for a long time ) grow faster than for example france , germany and the uk now that they 're catching up ? 
  and the uk grows faster than germany and france nowadays . 
  i 'm not here to argue the economic impact ; anyone can google and see for themselves . 
  i 'm simply pointing out the double standards when it comes to the brexit connection . 
  what ? 
  one is a short term prediction , the other a medium range prediction . 
  the article is framed in the context of predictions of a huge short term impact so it 's good news . 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't go through a bunch of old threads ; but look at two examples i found quickly on / r/europe with the titles : two banks cancel brexit recession forecasts uk to avoid recession and world economy to stabilise as brexit shock passes check the comments . 
  derailing this thread ... yeah right . 
  what a shame , pointing out the hypocrisy before people start flooding the comments with it . 
  edit : truth does n't change when downvoting ; do yourselves a favour and stop being so bitter . 
  there is nothing to be mad about . 
  we 're talking about the short term impact on the vote , and the hypocrisy of quite a lot of people who are eager to pounce on any bad british economic news but dismiss any good news as `` have n't left yet . '', 
  maybe you are n't one of those people , who knows , but nothing you wrote contradicts the point at hand . 
  you 're talking about the long-term effects , and that is another discussion . 
  yeah right . 
  either you 're knowingly , hugely exaggerating or you 've seen a couple of threads at max . 
  when good economic news comes in : `` uk has n't left yet , fuck off and become a third world country already . '', 
  when bad economic news comes in : `` literally everyone predicted this , wow dumb little englanders voting for brexit . 
  scotland leave this trainwreck already . '', 
  this is bound to rustle all kinds of jimmies with all kinds of different nationalities in this sub lol, 
   also , since when are european citizens `` immigrants '' ? 
  since european is n't a nationality . 
  until the eu becomes a single country with a single passport , then you are immigrating from one country to another . 
  that our country is a caliphate . 
  we do have immigration problems but every time sweden is mentioned some people ca n't help themselves . 
  can anyone from hungary confirm what i think i know about this referendum ; that there is no actual competition , it 's just a way for orban to flex his muscles in front of the eu because he knows that hungarian voters will reject migrant relocation ? 
  guy from mexico posted here very innocently and wishes everyone well . 
  / r/europe loves it and his thread is very popular . 
  now we decorating the sub , mexico style . 
  calm down why do n't you . 
  people in here are taking shots at the uk , he 's simply doing the same back . 
  it 's just friendly banter . 
  damn , never knew the france subreddit had that many people in it . 
  swedens subreddit is disproportionately big for our 9 . something million inhabitants . 
  i was in mexico for the first time last december . 
  i loved it !, 
  great country . 
  greetings from sweden , 
  of course it depends . 
  vat is a big source of revenue , so in the event of a reduced rate any loss would have to be made up elsewhere . 
  but i was just commenting on the vat itself ; and the average worker would probably be very happy seeing that go down . 
  it 'd give them more money to pump back into the economy . 
  i think the average worker would actually be very happy with a reduction in vat . 
  it hits the poorest the hardest . 
  what independance movement carries most momentum nowadays ? 
  catalonia or basque ? 
  i heard the spanish economy is picking up , does that weaken support for separatist movements ? 
  / r/uk is leaking, 
  probably gang related , its a big problem nowadays in gothenburg and malm\u00f6 . 
  southern europe is a sad story . 
  at least spain is picking up a bit . 
  italy has been slumping since forever , portugal has never really improved , and greece is just catastrophic . 
  my sister does n't know him that well . 
  i 'm pretty sure only his close group of `` accomplices '' knows where exactly he resides and what 's going on . 
  from what i 've heard , there is a small group of people helping him avoid deportation . 
  ... i wonder how effective they will be . 
  my sister knows a guy who goes in her school and has a deportation to afghanistan hanging over his head . 
  when the police tried to look for him , he disappeared for a while ( apparently to iceland and germany among other places ) and now he 's back . 
  he is still supposed to leave the country but he 's out in the open again and nothing is happening . 
  oh and he claims he is 16 like the rest of his class , but according to my sister it 's the worst kept secret that he is actually 20 . 
  you 've obviously never been to the uk , and you do n't know a thing about the country either . 
  just another one of the butthurt-brigade on this sub who shit on the uk whenever they can . 
  are n't quite a lot of christians creationists ? 
  i do n't know , my mothers family has a christian background and most of them believe that evolution exists and has changed a lot of species ; just not humans . 
  what would that make them ? 
  think i need to do some reading up on the subject ...
