  when i went to england recently i followed my dad around who was looking for a specialist dentist . 
  one of our stops was luton and yep ... a lot of burkas/niqabs there . 
  indeed , they are pretty creepy . 
  theresa may was always a reluctant remainer . 
  people thought she might campaign for brexit until she decided to support remain after camerons eu reform negotiations . 
  that 's why she remained low profile throughout the referendum debate . 
  good for you man , do n't give up part of your culture for this . 
  i 'm glad that we joined the eu on the condition that we could keep our snus , although we have to [ keep fighting ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-06-21/sweden-avoids-eu-ban-on-flavorings-in-snus-smokeless-tobacco ) to make sure that they do n't mess with it too much . 
  should n't your name be britsdid23-6 ? 
   that 30 % welcoming somalians needs to get their head checked i laughed . 
   in one particularly dramatic incident captured on video and replayed endlessly on french tv , protesters set alight a police car while two officers were still inside . 
  what the fuck . 
  jesus christ you are bitter . 
  sorry but it 's actually pathetic how mad you are . 
  luckily most people wish well for both the uk and the eu , and most people are n't as hostile as you . 
  sad . 
  for the sake of everyone in france ( muslim and non-muslim alike ) , i hope that another terrorist attack does n't strike soon . 
  any more and the situation will become unbearable . 
  definitely uk . 
  i 'm swedish but i grew up in britain , love the country and the people . 
  i travel there 4/5 times a year to meet friends and family . 
  i still have a standard south-east accent . 
  its basically a second home to me . 
  options after that are the other nordic countries ( we are lucky here in sweden to have such great neighbours ) and spain ( my mother is spanish ) . 
  so awful and very sad . 
  he actually has lost a vote of confidence among labour mps , but the vote is non-binding and corbyn simply refused to step down . 
  now there is a leadership contest underway between him and owen smith but it 's looking dire for smith because labour party members overwhelmingly back corbyn . 
  if smith fails the contest there is a big chance the labour party will split . 
  well my dad is middle class and lives in england . 
  nothing has changed ; his pension value dropped in the immediate aftermath and now it has recovered . 
  yeah , i 'm not even sure why but economically we are doing really well . 
  like the other guy below me mentioned , the discussion is all about where the money goes . 
  for example , the police and the bill for settling refugees . 
  i actually love rome . 
  i get the complaints about pickpockets , traffic , and other small things but not once did i feel that it detracted from my experience . 
  and another comment got it right too ; it 's so damn beautiful that maybe people just do n't care . 
  they know about the downsides but its great anyway . 
  for some people , accepting the idea that a lot of people have real problems with the union is impossible . 
  so they blame the vote on anything else ; racists who just want to kick immigrants out , ignorant people who do n't even know what the eu does and people who fall for taglines like `` 350 million a week '' . 
  what they do n't take into account is that these factors all exist on the remain side as well . 
  i grew up in the uk so i have a close connection to the place and travel there quite a lot . 
  i was there in the weeks leading up to the referendum and i asked a lot of people what they were voting . 
  so many remain voters i asked knew nothing about the eu , but they lived alright lives with houses near london and the price of their houses kept increasing ; they were getting wealthier every month and they loved it . 
  their vote had nothing to do with the eu , it was only a reflection of their personal situation . 
  just as those people exist , so did people voting leave because they were poor and lived in bad conditions . 
  and the article says that knowledge about the eu does n't necessarily make someone more pro-eu . 
  in my own case , i found this to be true . 
  i never gave the eu a second thought until i did a thorough course on it , and now i believe it needs serious reform . 
  that is a cop out . 
  a free trade agreement is n't `` just scraps '' compared to the single market . 
  there is a huge difference between trading on wto rules and having a thorough trade agreement . 
  it wo n't be the same as the single market , that is true , but until we see the agreement and what the details are we do n't know anything . 
  worth pointing out that this is relative to wto rules . 
  so if talks collapse and britain does n't get any free trade agreement at all , this is what they face . 
  pretty unlikely though . 
  what ? 
  the loss of passporting rights would damage the city , but even the most adamant remain campaigner does n't claim that it will lose its role as a financial centre . 
  the jobs that are currently on the line in the financial districts of london are jobs relating to business in the eea ; no bank has indicated leaving totally . 
  it still has favorable laws , a good time zone , the english language and all the infrastructure . 
  why you got upvoted for this one-sentence rubbish , i do n't know . 
  this was an oddly specific subject for a map . 
   austria has threatened to use its veto to block further talks on turkish membership of the european union , deepening the stand-off with ankara over president recep tayyip erdogan 's crackdown on democratic freedoms . 
   the move could jeopardise the eu 's controversial migrant deal . 
  turkey has already threatened to pull out of the agreement , potentially sending hundreds of thousands of asylum-seekers to europe . 
   sebastian kurz , the austrian foreign minister , said he would veto any attempt to open a new chapter of accession talks with turkey -- effectively blocking the country 's path to possible membership . 
   `` i have a seat and a vote in the council of foreign ministers , where it will be decided if a new chapter will be opened with turkey . 
  and i am against it , '' mr kurz wrote in an article for austria 's kurier newspaper . 
   any decision by the council on eu accession talks has to be agreed unanimously by all current member states . 
   a new round of talks on eventual turkish membership was one of the conditions for the migrant deal , under which turkey agreed to prevent asylum-seekers entering europe and accept those deported from greece . 
   the turkish government has already threatened to withdraw from the agreement if its citizens are not granted visa-free travel to the schengen area by october . 
   `` the criteria for visa liberalisation will not be fulfilled by turkey . 
  and the requirements for accession talks have not been met , '' mr kurz wrote . 
   the foreign minister spoke out against the migrant deal , which was personally negotiated by angela merkel , in an interview with austrian television . 
   `` when the heads of governments realised we could n't go on with an unlimited influx into europe , they tried to avoid the dirty work -- guarding the external borders themselves -- and instead delegated it to turkey . 
  and now , this house of cards of failed immigration policy is falling apart , '' he said . 
   he called for the eu to take control of its own external borders . 
  `` if we do n't do this , we are weak and vulnerable in discussions with turkey , '' he said . 
   turkey `` has moved away from europe in recent years , '' he said , adding that the trend has been `` more dramatic '' in recent weeks . 
   attitudes have hardened in eu capitals in the wake of the crackdown on opponents of mr erodgan 's regime since last month 's failed coup attempt in turkey . 
   mr erdogan at the weekend gave his backing to the return of the death penalty in turkey , which eu leaders have said would rule out any chance of future turkish membership . 
   `` they say there is no death penalty in the eu ... well , the us has it , japan has it , china has it ; most of the world has it , '' mr erdogan told a mass rally in istanbul . 
   `` sovereignty belongs to the people , so if the people make this decision i am sure the political parties will comply . ''  austria has emerged as the leading voice within the eu against turkish membership in recent weeks . 
   christian kern , the chancellor , last week described the talks as a `` diplomatic fiction '' and said `` democratic standards in turkey are nowhere near good enough to justify a candidacy '' . 
   the turkish government reacted furiously , accusing mr kern of `` far-right rhetoric '' , and describing vienna as the `` capital of radical racism '' . 
  i just had a look ... jesus christ . 
  also slightly unrelated but found in that thread :  to the hell of those stabbing victims . 
  sorry i ca n't feel guilty against those people specially with the fucked up treatment , racial segregation , statelessness , settlements . 
  seriously wtf do you expect from the palestinians , flowers ? 
  i should n't be suprised though , i 've been on / r/arabs before when some controversial shit showed up and the comments were always utter garbage . 
  what is this anti-dutch party ? 
  deepest love and solidarity to my ummah . 
  neither coloniality nor capitalism can break the roots of community . 
  pff, 
  heh , try being a jew in sweden . 
  i 'm even atheist but i avoid mentioning my surname ( obviously jewish ) and i never talk about my family history . 
  my mother is a doctor and not long ago she had a palestinian patient who saw her second name and said that she did n't trust her and wanted someone else . 
  unfortunately the conflict in israel-palestine spills over into jew-muslim everywhere for some people . 
  i guess you have to strike the right balance . 
  i 'm glad that norweigan prisons work in keeping re-offending rates low but i ca n't help but feel that it 's unjust that some criminals who will never reform get to live comfortably for their often horrific crimes . 
  someone like breivik for example .
