  new trade deals will have to be written and that can take a while . 
  the eu will carry less influence on the world stage and a brexit could inspire other referendums and breakaway movements . 
   and is it only because of the debt problem in eu that makes britain want to leave it ? 
  primarily immigration , i would say . 
  eu citizens have the right to live and work in the uk , and that kind of unrestricted immigration bothers a lot of people . 
  sovereignty is also a big deal , considering many laws come from brussels instead of london . 
  but in the end , the reason for wanting to leave is different person by person . 
  some people point to security and terrorism , others to immigration and others to the economy . 
  i would suggest [ this ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/institutions-bodies/index_en.htm ) for some information on the institutions of the eu and how it all works . 
  then read some pro and anti brexit articles so you can get a feel for the debate . 
  there are a lot of assumptions on both sides about the future in the eu and a future outside of it ; as always , nothing is certain . 
  this is probably going to be the most important vote brits will ever place in their lifetime . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/2016/03/16/boris-johnson-exclusive-there-is-only-one-way-to-get-the-change/ ) is a pro brexit piece by the former mayor of london and one of the biggest advocates for leaving . 
  i could n't think of a particular anti brexit piece that i could link , but if you check a newspaper like the guardian you should find plenty . 
  it 's hard to observe the leave campaign from afar , even if i do travel to the uk pretty much every holiday , but from an undecided perspective i would hope that they do n't try to spend all their effort convincing people that the economy will not be hurt at all . 
  i think it should be fairly obvious that yes , the economy will suffer at least short term . 
  even if you remove the actual implications of a brexit , uncertainty will tarnish confidence pretty badly . 
  however i guess the question is whether it 's worth it . 
  if i was in charge of the leave campaign i 'd point to the future and what direction the eu is heading in . 
  the british public are very skeptical towards federalization and even closer political integration , and i think farage and co could really gain support by highlighting the fact that a : the people who propose legislation sit in the commission ; what the elected parliament in theory has is a veto and power to amend the proposal . 
  b : the top guys in the eu have a goal ; federalization . 
  and your future in the eu is going to be very rocky if you oppose further political integration . 
  i think it 's just going to be harder and harder for leave campaigners to argue that the economy wo n't be hit at all . 
  although how much it will be affected and for how long , well that 's still up for debate . 
   regional unemployment rates varied widely across the 276 nuts-2 regions of the eu-28 in 2015 , with the lowest rates recorded in the german regions of freiburg and niederbayern ( both 2.5 % ) , oberbayern and oberpfalz ( both 2.7 % ) , followed by praha in the czech republic ( 2.8 % ) , while the highest rates were registered were registered in melilla ( 34.0 % ) and andaluc\u00eda ( 31.5 % ) in spain , dytiki makedonia ( 30.7 % ) in greece , canarias and extremadura ( both 29.1 % ) in spain . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics_at_regional_level, 
  i would n't go so far to say so many people `` hate '' the european union , but there are many critical voices . 
  europe is a very broad continent ... lots of different cultures and opinions so you 'll hear lots of different reasons for this . 
  for example : * lack of immigration control feels like half of the eu criticism on this sub falls into this . 
  people who really have nothing against the eu except for the failure to take control during the migrant crisis ( and i suppose the continuing stream of migrants from the african coast ) . 
  * democratic deficit a common complaint . 
  i remember when i studied the eu everyone was given an assignment to compare the eu and my country sweden in terms of how democratic they are . 
  every single person came to the conclusion that sweden was more democratic in the way it works . 
  this complaint can be about lots of things but usually its the commission that gets most of the heat because they can propose legislation in a way that the directly elected parliament ca n't . 
  * distaste for a political entity , no more integration types there are some who believe that the eu should be less political and more focused on economics and facilitating trade . 
  they look at the trend of ever increasing integration and are n't comfortable with it . 
  they would rather the eu keeps its nose out of national governments business . 
  fairly popular viewpoint in the uk and scandinavia . 
  i mean , just look at what david cameron ( campaigned for remain ) said recently :  we looked at the european flag and we thought , `` well , we do n't really like the european flag , we 've got our own flag '' . 
   we looked at the european parliament and we did n't really like the european parliament . 
  we 've got our own parliament , which we are very proud of . ', 
  personally i sympathize with this argument . 
  * unhappy with legislation being made abroad ties together with the point above . 
  some people just do n't like the idea of laws being made in another country by people who are n't from your nation . 
  * too much free market not an argument i hear a lot , although it maybe has more traction in more protectionist countries . 
  anti-free marketers who have qualms with seamless transition of goods , capital , services and people . 
  * too protectionist also a rarer argument although it definitely exists . 
  some think the eu is too protectionist as a block regarding trade . 
  ------------------------- and those are just a few of the arguments . 
  people have all sorts of qualms with the eu ; too indecisive , freedom of movement , too bureaucratic , brain drain , the euro , corrupt , german dominance , being held hostage by smaller countries , too `` america friendly '' etc etc. 
  list goes on and on . 
  because the eu is such a diverse block with so many different opinions inside it , people will see how their concerns with the project are n't being addressed and eventually it could add up to `` let 's just leave the eu , we 'll never get the change we are looking for anyway . '', 
  i suppose that 's the danger in running a supranational organization . 
  it 's why i support a multi-speed european union so my country can avoid further integration while also keeping those who want it happy . 
  got 72 % match with fillon . 
  next closest was dupont-aignan followed by le pen . 
  it put me roughly where i expected . 
  before the corruption scandal i would definitely have voted fillon if i was french . 
  how is the uk education system on the verge of collapse ? 
  they do decent in pisa test scores and they have some of the best universities in the world . 
  true , this experiment took up more of my free time than i 'd like to admit . 
  defending the flags of sweden and the uk felt like my sworn duty . 
  war rooms on discord and everything lol, 
   the eu has outlined its strategy for brexit negotiations , suggesting talks on a trade deal could begin once `` sufficient progress '' is made on a separation settlement with the uk . 
  well that changed quickly . 
  `` sufficient progress '' . 
  noticed this too . 
  i honestly do not know what to say about that sub . 
  now that / r/casualuk exists , i 'm done with it . 
  browsing the comments in there and it does n't even feel like the country i 've spent so many years in and know so well . 
  weird . 
  what rules forbid the uk from leaving exactly ? 
  they are free to do as they wish . 
  correct . 
  i do n't know anyone who wants more integration . 
  not sure how this is gon na work out now that the uk is leaving but if a multi-speed eu is coming then i welcome it . 
  let france and germany go ahead if they want to , as long as we do n't get dragged into it against our will . 
  you think the best way of building a strong service industry ( which many eu countries already have , i think you mean financial services ) is by denying a free trade deal and then putting restrictions on services from the uk ? 
  do you have any idea the disruption this would cause ? 
  i hope you know that london hosts the * world 's * financial center ( alongside new york ) . 
  it 's not comparable to frankfurt or paris . 
  any kind of intentional damage to the city would be hugely damaging for the eu . 
  of course some people will be happy about brexit while others wont be . 
  that 's only natural . 
  however , wearing all black for the occasion is pretty out there . 
  from an entertainment perspective , this is amazing . 
  [ example number 1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/622d92/anyone_else_wearing_all_black_tomorrow/ ), 
  some friendly comments in here , nice . 
  save them for the article 50 thread tomorrow though, 
  yeah i was n't expecting that . 
  when my mother grew up in spain she was drinking wine at a very young age . 
  her parents had no problem with it . 
  yes , muslims are pouring into europe from the uk . 
  not sure where all this talk regarding the mediterranean and balkan route is coming from ^ / s, 
  the culprit was still the ira though ... 
  would imagine that someone can criticise two different parties in a conflict . 
  on reddit though there is an army of people who respond with `` but unionist paramilitaries !, 
  but british army ! '', 
  as if that somehow excuses murdering innocent people . 
  freedom fighter ?
