  2015 numbers say that the uk is bigger and 2017 estimates from the imf indicate the same . 
  and here i am , wishing fillon was n't so corrupt . 
  would 've liked to see him as president . 
  i 'm not french though so it 's not like my opinion matters either way . 
  no it does n't . 
  i would pack my bags and move to chile if it was like that , but there is no free movement with chile . 
  so pro ira comments are now being upvoted as part of the anti-british sentiment this sub has enjoyed revelling in for the past 10 months . 
  what a joke . 
  lol every week a poll is released with results staying the same . 
  an outlier poll is released and it gets hundreds of upvotes on here . 
  people really do upvote what they want to be true . 
  your personal opinion on the referendum does n't mean much i 'm afraid ; the vote was held and the leave side won . 
  i think you 'll still be able to stay but everything is uncertain . 
  good luck . 
  end of free movement works both ways , i do n't think anyone is expecting anything different ... 
  there has been no major issues integrating hindus or sikhs . 
  every immigrant group has good and bad people . 
  it 's muslim immigration that rings alarm bells because people see the same thing everywhere they look ; failure of muslim integration ( to different extents though ) . 
  i 've actually not encountered many dumb questions !, 
  had one a few months ago though . 
  at a bar in amsterdam . 
  introduced myself as swedish to this american girl . 
  told her that i lived close to stockholm . 
  she replied `` ahh stockholm , is n't that the famous village ? '', 
  bless , it was her first time in europe . 
  maybe she meant [ stockholm , south dakota ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm,_south_dakota ) ? 
  i 've actually not encountered many dumb questions !, 
  had one a few months ago though . 
  at a bar in amsterdam . 
  introduced myself as swedish to this american girl . 
  told her that i lived close to stockholm . 
  she replied `` ahh stockholm , is n't that the famous village ? '', 
  bless , it was her first time in europe . 
  maybe she meant [ stockholm , south dakota ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm,_south_dakota ) ? 
  jesus , i thought i got around a fair amount . 
  some people in this thread , fucking hell !, 
  anyway , i count 23 . 
  ca n't pick a favourite as i enjoyed them all and traveled in different circumstances with different people at different times in my life . 
  19 in europe , and 4 elsewhere . 
  i 've been to almost all countries in western europe ( using iron curtain divider here ) . 
  east of berlin i 've only been to the czech republic and latvia . 
  outside of europe i 've been to the us , mexico , thailand and israel . 
  i would n't know ... sadly . 
  we 've done decent before , reached semis a few times and the final once . 
  i do n't think we will ever win the entire thing . 
  north america : usa south america : do n't know . 
  possibly chile . 
  i know some great people from that country . 
  europe : sweden / uk , followed by norway and spain . 
  africa : do n't know . 
  probably kenya because i know some nice people from there . 
  asia : lots of good ones here ... i 'll go for israel . 
  chinese tourists eh . 
  dunno if it counts , but back when i was working for the city hall i spent a few days standing by the town square asking people what they thought of the city and how we could improve it . 
  one chinese family asked to take a photo with me because they were impressed by the level of democracy compared to back home , where nobody ever consulted the citizens on what they think about their own town . 
  anywhere too far north . 
  i live just north of stockholm and it 's already bad enough . 
  kiruna is unthinkable . 
  uk or us . 
  i used to live in the uk , and i 've been to the us lots of times . 
  i 'm a huge fan of these two countries . 
  yorkshire tea most of the time . 
  going travelling around europe this summer . 
  leaving tomorrow , have no flight or train back home . 
  i 've been saving up for a long time so let 's see how it goes . 
  i 'll be gone at least a month . 
  yes , i did an internship at the city hall when i was 18 . 
  working with urban planning . 
  was fun as hell . 
  got the chance to go on a business trip to gothenburg too . 
  i guess it depends on the person . 
  i have spent 7 days in large cities before and i like it because then you have time to visit different areas and not only rush through the tourist stuff . 
  i do n't know about paris ( i 've only been there once and it was a long time ago ) but london has tons of stuff you 'll find interesting . 
  some of the best museums i 've ever been to are in london . 
  i used to live in a rural area , and back then i lost power between 5 and 10 times a year . 
  since moving to a small town i have n't lost power once though . 
  no worries . 
  i did used to live in the uk and i 'm a big fan of the classic english breakfast , that 's where it comes from . 
  what ? 
  sweden has n't left the eu . 
  i think our position in the eu is fine as it is , i do n't want more integration . 
  i do n't care if the rest of the eu shares a military and eventually becomes a federal state , as long as sweden is left out of it . 
  i like the us and want them to succeed . 
  also i do n't want more eu integration . 
   the uk vote/seat ratio is weird as hell dunno about that when it comes to scotland . 
  the snp is disproportionately represented in westminster . 
  they got 4.7 % of votes yet 8.6 % of seats . 
  compare that to ukip for example , they got 12.7 % of the vote but only 0.2 % ( ! ), 
  of the seats . 
  it 's alright . 
  it 's dull and i wo n't be here forever , but it 's a decent little town . 
  i 'll add this useful graph to compliment the op 's question : [ prosperity without a capital ] ( https://www.iwkoeln.de/en/_storage/asset/296722/storage/iwm:r2-image-main-content/file/11547136/05715614.jpg ) this is the results of a study which looks at how much impact the capital city has on the economy as a whole . 
  as you can see , a huge amount of greece 's economy is centered in athens ; while germany on average would be better off without berlin . 
  for me , we are looking at roughly 700-800sek ( $ 70-80 ) for a night , excluding transportation and an early morning kebab . 
  that 's when i go to the cheapest bar in town followed by the club . 
  if i just stay in the local pub closer to home ( outside town ) then it 's cheaper but still 60sek for a beer and 100sek for a cocktail . 
  hyperbole . 
  intense , gross hyperbole . 
  could even say it 's insulting . 
  i 'm sorry but whatever you think of trump there is no way that i 'll accept the republican party of today as the most dangerous organization in human history .
