  was this your second or third account ? 
   defence secretary michael fallon said : `` we will keep a close eye on the admiral kuznetsov as it skulks back to russia ; a ship of shame whose mission has only extended the suffering of the syrian people . 
  damn , he does n't mince words . 
  exports in goods was # 27billion and services # 20.3 billion last novemeber . 
  see [ ons ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/nationalaccounts/balanceofpayments/bulletins/uktrade/nov2016#surplus-on-trade-in-services-falls-to-80-billion-in-november-2016 ) . 
  you 'll find that as countries develop further , they become more service orientated . 
  see [ gdp composition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_sector_composition ) . 
  it 's not unique to the uk . 
  the uk is indeed a very wealthy market . 
  see [ wealth per adult ] ( https://www.credit-suisse.com/us/en/about-us/research/research-institute/news-and-videos/articles/news-and-expertise/2016/11/en/the-global-wealth-report-2016.html ) . 
  i do n't know much about what people are graduating with in britain , but oil is currently still half the price it was in 2014 before it crashed . 
  a big wealthy market right next to the eu is a desirable trade deal . 
  their biggest export is n't banking ( most well known maybe ) and it 's not going anywhere anytime soon . 
  even more reason to make sure that everyone has the opportunity to learn and work then . 
  my parents were born to very poor and uneducated people yet they are neither . 
  meh , each to his own . 
  i do n't think the uk is particularly depressing . 
  the rain sucks but so do the long dark winters up here . 
  if trump means what he says , then the global world order is changing . 
   future thread and no , i only see you commenting on the one topic you apparantley hate having on this sub , brexit, 
  you can do what you want . 
  just do n't let me catch you in a future thread complaining about discrimination against bulgarians in western europe because of stereotypical bulgarian criminals . 
  free movement is one of the big sticking points in the brexit negotiations , it 's closely related . 
  i think brits get angry with your comments because you keep insulting them . 
  claiming that they are all arrogant etc. 
  ( because of a few tourists you met , am i remembering this correctly ? ), 
  try not to insult and judge a whole country and its people based on stereotypes and bad impressions . 
  you should know that ... there are a whole bunch of bad stereotypes about bulgarians and romanians in western europe yet most of us do n't judge . 
  this is the guy who always complains about all the brexit threads on / r/europe ... then he goes and comments on all of them . 
  i 'm swedish , ask brits who voted for their opinions . 
  i did grow up in the uk however and i was there during the vote and observed the campaigns . 
  saying that all leavers wanted to deport immigrants is pure fiction . 
  not even farage and his campaign wanted to deport any eu citizens currently living in britain . 
   but all campaign of leave was for `` deport immigrants '' nope edit : you people downvoting this have no clue what the referendum campaign was like do you ? 
  we will both do fine . 
  if the idiots screaming at each other from both sides can just calm down and realize that there is potential for a mutually beneficial deal , then we 're good . 
  britain is still part of europe , and honestly i hope people on this sub stop bashing them 24/7 just because they voted to go a different route . 
  yeah we get it . 
  anglos are out to conquer the world , they are racist warmongers , jealous of the eu , hate brown people etc. 
  i might have got some details wrong , sorry in that case . 
  you should get some new lines though , seeing you repeat this in every thread is losing its entertainment value . 
   i think people in gibraltar have very typical british prejudices against the spanish and other southerners . 
  that 's not healthy if you live in the south . 
  you are just guessing . 
  in reality you have no clue , but you like barking about how backwards and horrible britain is so you try to inject that everywhere . 
   norwegians go to sweden for cheaper alcohol may god help you when you go to sweden of all places for cheaper alcohol, 
  they are wealthy but like someone else mentioned , wonky tax laws have a lot to do with it . 
  many companies are stationed in ireland . 
  norway on the other hand is just rich as fuck . 
  yeah , anything except `` the sky is falling the uk is doomed for eternity '' means that he is all of a sudden not so trustworthy . 
  better trust the experts on / r/europe to know whats truly going on . 
  an interesting article , but it 's over two ( ! ), 
  years old . 
  also if the brits are being too lenient on russia for financial reasons , i wonder what that makes the rest of us considering the fact that the uk is one of the most hawkish in europe ( especially western europe ) when it comes to russia . 
   all you need to become popular is to ... promise whatever people want to hear ? 
  well that 's pretty much the key to politics . 
  i remember reading this in some article way back . 
  that le pen represents an old nostalgic france that young people long for , while the older people are afraid of what drastic change an eu exit would bring . 
  except europe is our home too . 
  my family is jewish and has been in europe for many many generations . 
  if jews find it unsafe ( and make no mistake , many do and it 's a problem ) they will move on their own accord . 
  i do n't appreciate lieberman saying things like this :  `` perhaps it 's time to tell the jews of france , ` this is n't your country , this is n't your land . '', 
  especially because he is talking in the context of peace talks hosted in paris which is hardly a reason to feel that france is n't your country any more . 
  he was taken to vienna , where they basically asked him : where do you want to go ? 
  having suffered because of his jewish background , he chose israel . 
  after a few years he became disillusioned with israel and he went back to europe . 
  he chose sweden as he knew the country because he had previously been stationed there for work . 
  there he met my mother . 
  after a while he got a job offer in wales and moved the family there . 
  i grew up in wales and later england . 
  i moved back here eventually but he stayed in england . 
  he has been in the uk for over 20 years now and he loves it there . 
  it 's quite the story . 
  my dad was born in the 60s and lived through it in latvia . 
  he hated it . 
  he could n't wait to leave and he finally managed to get out in the 80s . 
  no doubt his background played a part though . 
  he was jewish and while the soviet union was n't exactly nazi germany , anti jewish sentiment was still very common . 
  he was bullied by students and teachers alike because of that . 
  greece score on germany ... 
  he said that ? 
  welp . 
  i grew up with a jewish dad and he insisted on not making a fuss about christmas , so he joined with the rest of the family anyway . 
  it 's hard to imagine people actually working themselves up about others celebrating christmas . 
  the mirror is the left wing version of the sun , why is it even allowed ? 
  it 's a shitty tabloid . 
  because some people here ca n't stand it when americans pitch in on european topics . 
  some like to assume that we in europe are the enlightened ones and that america is a barbaric and ignorant country . 
  apparently the hijackers are threatening to blow up the plane . 
  and when does this start ? 
  i submitted an esta application less than a week ago and it never asked for social media accounts . 
  what . 
  really ... ? 
  ok i 'll ask , as a relatively uninformed person : what is it with croatia and fascism ? 
  and my dad is an eastern european in england who has never been treated badly in his 20 years of living there . 
  anecdotes do n't really say much do they ? 
  i can add that in my experience , not a single brit gives a damn about swedes or finns . 
  the dutch are basically continental anglos anyway / s ( ? ), 
  oh , the proper trailer has come out . 
  nice !,
