without sound statistics we may need to look at well known jews talk about cherry picking . 
  i do n't know who that is , and when i google his name i just find a bunch of conspiracy websites . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kent_ekeroth ) a more well known jew in sweden for you . 
  anyone can cherry pick , you 're only interested in affirming what you personally believe . 
  well there 's no way i can know who the average jew votes for . 
  there are tons of different factors at play . 
  my father is fiercely anti communist ( coming from latvia under soviet occupation ) . 
  my mother is a centrist , she 's from spain . 
  also it depends if you are only jewish by ethnicity ( like me ) or if you 're a practicing liberal/conservative jew . 
  i tried a quick google search and could n't find voting statistics for jews in europe . 
  i know that jeremy corbyn is mostly unpopular in the jewish community in the uk . 
  here in sweden there are n't a lot of jews , and the ones i know vote for a wide range of parties . 
  first of all , israel may be a nationalistic country but they are n't the most nationalistic nation on earth . 
  secondly , different jews have different political beliefs ( believe it or not ) . 
  i 'm a jewish atheist and i know jews who vote right wing and jews who vote left wing . 
  so true . 
  i wo n't forget arriving in copenhagen a few days after that guy shot a synagogue guard and another person at a free speech event . 
  i went to the memorial outside the synagogue and saw a piece of paper that said `` never forget the dead in gaza '' . 
  could n't believe someone actually politicized a death like that simply because the man was jewish . 
  does n't germany run a big budget surplus ? 
  why do n't they look to using that money to invest in the infrastructure ? 
  maybe they already spend a lot on infrastructure , i do n't know . 
  germans here will have to enlighten me on that . 
  come on , no stronger words from the first french flag i see in this thread ? 
  i love the uk ; i grew up there and the country will always be close to my heart . 
  my dad is an eastern european who has lived there for decades , and i can tell anyone on / r/europe who is wondering that brits are some of the friendliest people i 've ever met and that any hate towards poles or other eastern europeans is in the minority . 
  do n't assume much from what some thugs do , everyone else condemns them . 
  ps : i do n't know about brits who hang around on this sub , but i 've seen many on / r/unitedkingdom who seriously undervalue their own country . 
  it has its problems like everywhere else but it really is a great place . 
  i think the status quo will be retained in germany . 
  france worries me though . 
  and before people start telling me that she 'll probably be defeated in the second round ; yeah i know . 
  but after everything that 's happened this year , never say never . 
  a lot can change between now and the elections too . 
  70 % of brexit posts are by the same group of anti-brexit people, 
   tbf the ** political extension of a terrorist organisation ** never really has any principles in the first place and you replied `` true , the tory party never did have any principals . '', 
  is english your native language ? 
  what terror organization would they be the political wing of ? 
   no constitution to protect citizens from the state a constitution is not a requirement for a democracy . 
   hereditary monarch as head of state nothing to do with a country being a democracy . 
   un-elected lords in the upper house who are appointed by a monarch and/or born into it a fair point but canada has something similar ; they are still a democracy and so is the uk . 
   elected members of parliament who suspiciously come from same upper class schools , suspciciously ? 
  means literally nothing  first past the post elections ... 
  still a democracy how on earth can calling britain a democracy be stretching it in any way ? 
  they 'll probably still allow it ; but my guess is that they 'll pressure hard for staying in the single market . 
  saying `` lithuanians go home '' is n't tolerated though . 
  when racist incidents against poles popped up after the referendum they were rightly condemned by the vast majority of people who wanted nothing to do with racism . 
  the irish are probably the most welcome of all . 
  not really . 
  racism in general is n't tolerated , and eastern europeans are usually viewed more positively than africans or immigrants from the mena region ( exception might be romanians because `` romanians = gypsies '' for many ) . 
  reminds me of when i saw [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9z5edgevhw ) . 
  hundreds of thousands protesting charlie hebdo ... the cartoons that is , not the people who just got murdered . 
  you ca n't see friendly relations with one of the biggest powers in europe because some of their tabloids have been talking shit ? 
  i have never said otherwise about the 4 freedoms and all that . 
  the article is talking about being spiteful , and people like hollande say there must be a price . 
  instead of a pragmatic solution that can be good for both sides , it seems like punishing the uk is on the agenda . 
  read my flair ; i 've spent a big part of my life in the uk but i 'm swedish . 
  and i 'm not saying that the eu should give up the four pillars etc etc. 
  but i am saying that there is potential for a pragmatic deal which minimizes the economic hit for both sides and retains close cooperation and friendly relations . 
  if they actively punish the uk instead of aiming for an amicable divorce with continued close cooperation then i 'll be very disappointed . 
  then again , it would n't be the first time i 've been disappointed in eu politicians and it 'll just make me dislike the whole thing even more . 
   a lot at stake, 
  bitterness . 
  check threads about brexit the day after the vote for your amusement . 
  say what you want about their survey or gp 's article , but i translated what they wrote . 
  i have n't edited it from the original content at all . 
  i took the article title and pasted in gothenburg for context , but yes i mentioned this in my comment . 
  plus it 's in the first line of the article . 
  haha yep , so i 'm not the only one who remembers it . 
  my reply to it is [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4uc2u4/eu_considers_migration_emergency_brake_for_uk_for/d5ojun3/?context=3 ) found it quoted :  if you expect to be allowed access to our market , you should wrap your head around the fact that everything you have , in terms of business or social opportunities , we want it !, 
  it 's ours !, 
  it belonges to us !, 
  you do n't get to share your pie , with your bullshit commonwealth or any other nation that 's not whit us , and then expect a slice of ours !, 
  you have a problem with immigrants ? 
  start bitching about eu immigrants after you 've deported your millions of brown commonwealthers !, 
  those are our opportunities they 're occupying . 
  everything you have is ours for right of first refusal , there is no in-between !, 
  either you 're in this club or you fuck off . 
  the hysteria after the leave vote on this sub was a sight to behold . 
  i remember this same guy was screaming in one comment with half the sentences in caps , something along the lines of `` you get nothing ... you decide nothing '' etc etc. 
  poor guy must 've been embarassed by it because he deleted it later ; i only know it was him because i was so taken aback by the anger that i remembered the username . 
  who knew that leaving a political union would unleash so much hatred huh . 
  funny because not a single person i know in real life is offended by britains vote in any way , but quite a few people on this sub lost their temper . 
  learn what exactly ? 
  if they want to leave , why not let them ? 
  well ... [ not really ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/593mo5/lse_brexit_is_not_the_will_of_the_british_people/ ) , but there was a fair amount of opposition . 
  presumably because , no matter how they voted , a lot of people saw how ridiculous it looked when people tried to dispute the legitimacy of the referendum because not everyone showed up to vote . 
  everyone can be angry and upset , but it irks me when people try to jump through hoops to claim the referendum illegitimate because 16 year olds didnt get to vote or because some people did n't bother voting etc etc. 
  source for what ? 
  that sweden is taking a pragmatic stance ? 
  here are some swedish sources for magdalena 's comments . 
  britain has made this decision , and now it 's about a separation that is as good for the eu as possible . 
  but also reasonable for britain . 
  from the swedish side , it 's important that there is continued good opportunities to trade with the uk ** man ska inte straffa storbritannien . 
  it 's about finding a rational and good solution . 
  since when are we talking about bias ? 
  arguing if brexit was a good or bad decision is perfectly fine , but when people start pulling up excuses like `` what about the under 18s , what about the people who did n't vote ? 
  they were all tricked , nobody wanted this ! '', 
  then they 're just trying to latch on to anything that proves in their eyes that the public did n't mean what they voted for . 
  it comes across as pretty desperate .
