  islamic extremism has n't disappeared and afghanistan is still in bad shape , but that 's no excuse for not pursuing those responsible . 
  no it was n't . 
  the taliban government was harboring those responsible for 9/11 . 
  rich as fuck . 
  also expensive . 
  mountains and beautiful scenery . 
  pretty conservative . 
  german , italian and french speaking parts . 
  a girl i was really fond of moved there . 
  yeah i got ta agree with this , at least from my perspective here in sweden . 
  i 've met very few people who are emotionally invested in the eu , and i definitely have n't met anyone who wants federalization . 
  hah , as soon as i saw the title of that post i knew it would be a shitshow . 
  sweden , muslims , feminism all rolled into one . 
  jackpot . 
  i like you guys too . 
  / r/europe always bites something , they 'll move on eventually ( maybe ? ) . 
  either way , brits are fine people . 
  ** spain signals it would block eu air access deal unless terms exclude gibraltar airport ** the anglo-spanish tussle over the rock of gibraltar has emerged as a significant hazard in britain 's search for an ambitious brexit deal to preserve access to europe 's skies for its # 60bn airline industry . 
  while spain has made positive overtures to london since the brexit vote and warned europe against seeking a punitive deal , it has also signalled it would block uk access to the eu 's single aviation market unless the terms exclude gibraltar 's international airport . 
  `` any eu agreement with the uk on aviation can not apply to the airport of gibraltar , '' said one spanish diplomat . 
  `` a deal that is applicable to the airport of gibraltar would imply recognition of the legal right of the uk to the territory . '' the comments suggest a 300-year political dispute over the rock -- which is currently holding-up three pieces of airline legislation in brussels -- could spill into some of the key elements of the brexit negotiations . 
  the uk 's post-brexit air access options include attempting to retain membership of the european common aviation area , which would mean it keeps full access , or seek a bilateral `` open skies '' agreement with the eu , which is likely to have more restrictive terms . 
  both deals would , however , require unanimous support from all eu member states . 
  the diplomatic warning suggests that spain is not prepared to accept a deal in which gibraltar airport is given the same rights as uk mainland airports . 
  spain argues that gibraltar airport is illegally located on spanish land . 
  it says the 1713 treaty of utrecht , which ceded the town , castle and port of gibraltar to britain , did not include the rights to the isthmus on which the airport is built . 
  a deal to maintain access to europe 's skies is vital for the uk airline industry . 
  the creation of the single aviation market sharply increased the number of airlines operating across the eu and lowered fares . 
  it also ensured easier access to the us , canada and elsewhere . 
  gibraltar airport currently handles up to nine arrivals a day , all of which come from either the uk or morocco . 
  only four airlines use the airport : british airways , easyjet , monarch and royal air maroc . 
  the disagreement over gibraltar airport is holding up a number of eu aviation laws that have been frozen pending a solution . 
  a revision to passenger rights on issues of compensation , such as when a flight is delayed or cancelled , was first proposed in 2013 , but has been frozen . 
  eu legislation on airport slots and rules aimed at simplifying air traffic management and reducing flight times has also failed to come into force due to the gibraltar dispute . 
  the uk has previously dismissed spain 's role in the stalled legislation as `` political point scoring '' . 
  in 2014 , then uk foreign secretary philip hammond said madrid was using the aviation dispute as a means of `` forcing sovereignty negotiations on gibraltar '' . 
  spain has said that until an agreement is reached , any attempt to apply the regulations would mean the eu is taking the uk 's side . 
  this thread is great already . 
  i think i 'll wait and hear what they all say in negotiations instead of assuming what some people mean by punishing . 
  either way i 'd hope that punishment is n't on the cards . 
  what , does everyone else want to punish the uk ? 
  lol, 
  yeah . 
  do n't get me wrong , ireland is doing well ... but you know the number is skewed when they have a higher gdp per capita than norway or switzerland . 
  i said that your complaint is petty and your statistics wrong . 
  do you expect me to sit here and draw up theories on how this could work because you said so ? 
  no thank you , i have better things to do with my time . 
  my point was that the uk and ireland are intertwined in a lot of ways that other nations are n't . 
  no border between them , dual citizens in northern ireland etc. 
   how 's the cta going to stop eu citizens passing freely from the republic into the uk ? 
  not for me to figure out . 
  i just think your complaint is petty . 
  that seems like a very petty thing to complain about . 
  they mention below that it excludes the roi ; i suppose because the cta between them has existed for longer than the eu has . 
  plus the relationship between the uk and ireland is fairly unique . 
  also , ireland does n't have the highest number of brits outside the uk . 
  [ in the eu , spain and france have more ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jan/27/fewer-britons-in-rest-of-europe-than-previously-thought-ons-research ) . 
  outside the eu there are several other countries with more brits in them . 
  do you mind pointing out where in the paper they say that ? 
  without jumping into the rest of this discussion , i 'll just add that [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jan/27/fewer-britons-in-rest-of-europe-than-previously-thought-ons-research ) is where he gets the number . 
  fairly new development . 
  mike is right actually . 
  this map is outdated . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-37183733 ), 
  [ another great one ] ( http://beforeitsnews.com/contributor/upload/30080/images/shat.jpeg ), 
  the best was `` theresa may sucking up to china ... this will go well lol !!! '', 
  then `` fuck the united states of amerikka , we can ally with china instead '', 
  well , i 'm sorry about what happened to your friends . 
  my dad is from latvia and he has lived in first wales and then england for two decades now . 
  he 's never had any problems . 
  a few dickheads take our their anger on eastern europeans because many of them moved to the uk , but xenophobia is not the norm . 
  also reddit is n't representative at all . 
  four years ago . 
  i still travel back to the uk several times a year for longer holidays though . 
  well since the referendum there have been cases where people who hold xenophobic opinions thought that they were in good company . 
  i think its the usual suspects who are louder in that case . 
  i certainly have n't noticed any difference day to day and neither has my dad ( eastern european who has lived in both wales and england for two decades now ) . 
  well i used to live in the uk as an eu citizen and i disagree . 
  many people do n't like the eu as an organization ( a trait hardly unique to britain ) but hate for eu citizens is n't common at all . 
  i used to live in the uk . 
  there is of course a group of people who will buy into everything the express says , but most have no hate of europeans . 
  even among those who voted leave there is no unified opinion that the eu should `` be brought down '' . 
  actual hate for people on the continent is a fringe opinion . 
  to be fair , this is donald trump and his picks talking . 
  not `` the anglos '' . 
  there is no special anglo hate for europeans like you suggest . 
  go to 8:45 . 
  i saw this yesterday live and i was amazed at what i just heard . 
  in response to why he wants to be the ambassador when he clearly does n't like the eu . 
  `` well i had in a previous career a diplomatic post where i helped bring down the soviet union . 
  so maybe there 's another union that needs a little taming . '', 
  edit : also his opinons on juncker at 9:30 `` mr juncker was very adequate mayor ( ?? 
  ) , i think of some city in luxembourg , and maybe he should go back and do that again . '', 
  nah , i 'm a swede who used to live in the uk . 
  i still have close ties to britain so i travel back very often to see friends and family . 
  just tired of all the nonstop bashing on here . 
  racist england , dreaming about the empire etc. 
  and most of the people parotting this nonsense have never been to the uk outside of a weekend shopping trip to london . 
  do n't you ever get bored of bashing the uk and writing nonsensical texts about brexit ? 
  it 's been 7 months and you are still rambling on .
