  it 's the same with the death penalty . 
  it 's barbaric and wrong in my opinion but on a personal level i ca n't help but feel that some people deserve to die for what they 've done to others . 
  breathe , i know that these negotiations can get emotional for some people but there 's no need for this kind of hysteria . 
  sorry mate , but since the referendum anywhere a fuck you to the english can be squeezed in ; / r/europe delivers . 
  its a shame but some people in this sub are really bitter . 
  no point in hoping for rational debate in here . 
  this sub was unbearable the week after the referendum ; it 's calmed down a bit now but anti-english sentiment is everywhere . 
  lots of people in this sub are eu federalists and euro nationalists , and there 's nothing wrong with that but when the uk voted to leave a volcano of bitter feelings erupted . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/jeremy_corbyn/11924431/revealed-jeremy-corbyn-and-john-mcdonnells-close-ira-links.html i 'd say its pretty clear that he sympathizes with the ira . 
  the way i see it , he is ready and eager to critisize western powers but turns a blind eye to those fighting against them . 
  the labour party realizes that he is pretty close to unelectable so they 're trying to dethrone him . 
  it 's proving hard because of the determined corbyn grassroot support but honestly i 'd say it 's in the best interest of the labour party if he goes . 
  a lot of his supporters came from the green party anyway . 
  labour have a chance now to really leave their mark in a time of political chaos and huge divides across the country but corbyn is not capable enough . 
  easy one . 
  just point to his sympathy with the ira and support of a `` power sharing '' agreement on the falklands and you 'll have a big portion of the population who will refuse to support him . 
  what ? 
  a lot of people view farage as a straight up toxic person and therefore unlikely to get a seat at the negotiating table . 
  he knows this . 
  like he mentioned , ukip will be there if the government backtracks too hard but his role is over . 
  he 's a very divisive figure even in his own party ; ukips only mp was talking him down pretty bad on the night of the referendum . 
  haha / r/europe upvoting this , i 'm so suprised !!, 
  i think this could have something to do with [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/b_judah/status/748097757693513728 ) . 
  i 'll paste the twitter thread : * have been running around the city of london last few days . 
  here 's an update . 
  * merkel and brussels have outright already refused an eea + agreement that gives uk migration control , passporting and single market access . 
  * what is passporting ? 
  all banks registered in uk have a `` passport '' that allows them to do business with whole eu . 
  the city depends on it . 
  * base case is berlin and brussels plan to insist on an eea - ( i.e. 
  a worse deal than norway ) that excludes passporting , migration controls . 
  * this would however allow services to continue to have access to the singoe market . 
  but not financial services . 
  mass migration continues . 
  * this is formal offer . 
  but paris is planning a turn of cynical brilliance - that could at a stroke smite london and restore paris to glory . 
  * france cynicallly intends to offer britain an eea - that excludes passporting , but givs them a migration cap , and single market access . 
  * this is a brilliant move : `` you get less poles , but we want your banks . '', 
  it would be in france 's interests to encourage uk out to get banks . 
  * this would leave some stuff shirt like crabb in a disastrous position : paris and berlin would have handed him a deal only `` bad for bankers . '', 
  * but the cynical french deal would be exactly the kind of cap migration , free movement for us and single market deal that the public want . 
  * the next tory muchkin leader would then be a hideous position : have his tax base slasshed at by loss of banks as his voters rejoice . 
  * paris and frankfurt would emerge as enormous winners by ending passporting . 
  hugely boosting popularity of french and german leadership . 
  * british public will be left moronically clapping the huge triumph of a few less poles and the punishment for `` bankers '' and tax base slashed . 
  * city analysts i met look with unbrindled distain on a tory leadership class they think are simply muppets . 
  no clue what 's about to hit them . 
  * france has already made this plan public . 
  hollande utterly clear on exactly what he wants paris to grab from london . 
  https://t.co/8dp8szcffb * how will eu divy up the city of london ? 
  this is base-case : euro-clearing to frankfurt and rest to paris , amsterdam to avoid #frexit , #nexit . 
  * hollande is particularly keen to grab as many banks as he can from london : a sudden rush of banks to paris could turn his presidency around . 
  * will will a weak france get so many goodies ? 
  surelt france has a weak political system and flaring islamism and rising le pen ? 
  * it is crucial to understand eu must at all costs stop le pen winning in 2017 . 
  best way to do this ? 
  reward france the banks and their taxes . 
  * that 's all for now . 
  just remember what a glorious day it is !, 
  #voteleavetakecontrol #independenceday #goborisyeah obviously this should all be taken with a grain of salt considering this is one journalist , but considering the french ministers words i think it could be a possibility during negotiations . 
  this one looks bad . 
  stay safe turkey . 
  he cites a few reasons : stopping more eastern europeans taking low skill jobs . 
  slowing immigration down ; he always goes on about how overcrowded the uk is and how it burdens public services . 
  reducing crime : in his area the arrival of eastern europeans has coincided with more crime and antisocial behaviour . 
  he even complains about latvians , although the most recent arrivals have been from romania and bulgaria . 
  dissatisfaction with the eu , and especially the migrant crisis . 
  the uk is mostly untouched so far but he 's worried that could change . 
  does n't want to see potentially thousands of new arrivals moving to the uk when they get their eu citizenship . 
  my father too . 
  latvian who moved there in the early 2000s . 
  haha yeah , he 's a real bicycle enthusiast . 
  he does n't own a car but he has between 5 and 10 bikes . 
  yeah exactly ; the path to freedom was quite different . 
  amazing stuff . 
  my father escaped latvia without any of the physical work these people had to go through ; he instead juked diplomats and the like . 
  he has told me all kinds of stories , and remembers one day when he and his best friend were talking . 
  they were both desperate to leave and his friend had a serious idea that he would wander into finland and pretend to be a lost hiker from the west . 
  his secondary plan was a hot air balloon . 
  that man was always slightly unusual . 
  but eventually my father made it out first . 
  he was taken to vienna and basically asked where he wanted to emigrate . 
  he chose israel , although today he lives in the uk . 
  his friend made it out too eventually . 
  for a while he cycled through a huge chunk of germany to get to denmark . 
  he still lives in copenhagen today . 
   also there 's a question of schengen , what is it and how is it different from eu ? 
  schengen means passport free travel , without border controls . 
  if you are in the eu you have freedom of movement to live and work in all other eu nations , but not all countries have schengen . 
  bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , romania , ireland and the uk do not have passport free travel . 
  however this is all kind of up in the air right now because many european countries have put this on hold to erect border controls to control the flow of migrants . 
   how is britain a part of eu and still not use the same currency ? 
  you do not need to use the euro to be in the eu . 
  the countries that do are all linked by the ecb ( european central bank ) while the countries that use their own currencies have their own central banks like the bank of england , or riksbanken here in sweden . 
   what are the benefits of britain staying in the eu ? 
  well the obvious one is access to a huge free trade zone , as one of the core tennants of eu membership is free movement of goods , services , labour and capital between eu states . 
  a solid plus is a say in topics that are beyond just one country , for example the refugee crisis or climate change . 
  also , one could argue that political cooperation is vital in a region stained after the 20th century by two very bloody wars , rampant nationalism , genocide and an east west divide . 
   what is the damage to both eu and britain if brexit does happen ? 
  primarily an economic shock as trade stoops .
