  i really hope pragmatic common sense prevails over petty bitterness during the talks . 
  if the uk does n't want to be in the single market that is fine , but we should still aim for as thorough of a trade deal and as close cooperation as possible . 
  well when a thread titled `` brexit is not the will of the people '' is upvoted like crazy and all the comments are pulling one string or another to basically say that nah , brits do n't actually want brexit ; then yeah , grasping at straws . 
  immigration and sovereignty are intertwined for many because they want to be able to control it . 
  heavily against . 
  their mental breakdown is ongoing though ; lots of grasping at straws and desperation for any hope that the result will be overturned . 
  no , and realistically it never will be . 
  loss of passporting will export some jobs , but anyone claiming that london will lose its position as one of the top two financial centres in the world is delusional . 
  actually it 's the british overseas territories which harbour tax dodgers ; but that has very little to do with the eu . 
  also we are talking about a minimum corporation tax , not dodging taxes entirely . 
  well they are pushing for changes , check the article i linked earlier . 
  would n't suprise me to see it totally ignored and forgotten ; the euro project is much more valuable to them than ireland 's tax rate . 
  and you probably have heard the usual controversial quotes from juncker about passing legislation . 
  i agree that there are several factors to success , big corporation tax is one of the biggest ones ; i would n't describe it as `` an added bonus '' . 
  and yes , bulgaria has lower plus some other nations have similar . 
  but those other factors listed make ireland the destination to go to , and none of this changes the fact that the eu is pushing for a minimum tax rate and a smoother fiscal policy . 
  most eu countries are on board with this , with the uk and ireland being the biggest opponents . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/3bd53518-df9e-11e0-845a-00144feabdc0?0p19g=c )  eu leaders previously agreed to provide guarantees to ireland on these issues , and on its right to retain control over its corporate tax rate , in june 2009 . 
   but due to the lengthy timeframe involved in ratifying a treaty change , eu leaders decided to postpone ratification of ireland 's guarantees until croatia was due to join the eu . 
  following the conclusion of croatia 's accession negotiations in july , dublin wrote to the eu presidency to request the treaty change . 
   for the protocol to be ratified , all eu member states would have to vote on the issue in their national parliaments . 
  ireland is a member of the eurozone . 
  fiscal policy will be smoothed out between member states , this is undeniable . 
  [ new article . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-22/zombie-eu-tax-plan-haunts-ireland-after-brexit-brussels-beat ), 
  it 's been getting away with it because the uk lobbied with them against any minimum corporate tax in the eu or any changes to ireland 's tax code . 
  do n't kid yourself into thinking that brussels likes ireland 's tax rate , they really do n't . 
  [ here 's a brand new article about an eu-wide minimum corporate tax . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-22/zombie-eu-tax-plan-haunts-ireland-after-brexit-brussels-beat ), 
  flair reads ireland . 
  a country which has benifited hugely from a low corporate tax rate . 
  we 'll see what happens when the eu keeps centralizing and the uk leaves ; one of the biggest members will no longer be around to lobby for ireland 's tax rate . 
  eventually brussels will force it to change , anyone can see this coming from a mile away . 
  if you 're gon na troll , be more creative . 
  french people ; just how bad are the police treated ? 
  here in sweden we have a problem with stones being thrown at police and ambulance services in certain neighbourhoods ; i guess it 's similar in france ? 
  not chopping down one of the single market pillars for one member : fine and understandable . 
  actively trying to punish and inflict damage on the uk for leaving : asshole move . 
  we 'll see later what exactly hollande has in mind . 
  apparently bankers were iffy about the idea of moving from london to `` boring '' frankfurt . 
  imagine their reaction if they 're sent to luxembourg . 
  well , that 's not really possible considering that the debate is mostly speculation about trends and the future . 
  for example , if somebody is arguing trade , how can you argue whether you can best trade globally through the eu or on your own ? 
  someone can point to trends in who britain trades with , you can point to the fate of ttip and maybe ceta , or you can point to the various trade deals that the eu has negotiated . 
  and those are far from all the ways you can look at the trade argument . 
  a big part of the whole discussion is just predictions , assumptions and speculation . 
  i do n't think we will truly see the end result for a long , long time when we can look back on it . 
   bankers in london have also sometimes complained that frankfurt would be boring after life in the british capital . 
   `` i am sometimes struck by the fact that frankfurt is portrayed in the media as something between a cemetery and a backward country . 
  i am getting irritated by that , '' vaeth said . 
  i too , have heard similar things . 
  so my question to germans reading this ; is it true ? 
  is frankfurt boring ? 
  what was belgiums record again ? 
  is spain on track to beat it ? 
  surprise surprise , not everyone voted to leave based on immigration . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's what they are going for . 
  the uk is a close ally of european countries ; an extensive and thorough trade deal will eventually be ratified . 
  and anyone who claims that brits will need a visa to travel to mainland europe is delusional . 
  your comments are as delusional and entertaining as always . 
  if you really believe that what is parroted in the express and the sun will become government policy then i 'm not gon na argue . 
  just wait and see instead ; the idea of blocking every single eu citizen from ever entering the uk is ridiculous and will never happen . 
  are you seriously citing the express in your argument ? 
  the lowest of the low in tabloid newspapers , what does this even have to do with your earlier claim about what the government thinks in secret ? 
  is the implication meant to be that government policy is in line with what the worst tabloid in britain writes ? 
  this type of deflection shows that your argument stands on nothing ; literally just claiming that you `` know '' what they think in secret because `` britain hates immigrants '' . 
   because that 's what they say in public . 
  while in private they want really a complete block ... 
  so that is what your whole comment stands on ? 
  that you apparently know that they said it in private . 
  lol . 
  could you let me in on what she has been saying recently ? 
  i 'm not being snarky , genuinely curious . 
  i have n't watched the debates and the only thing i remember her talking about was a no-fly zone in syria which sounds risky as fuck . 
  has anyone else noticed how much russia and their tensions with the west has been in the news lately ? 
  you 're mixing up two different things . 
  the eu single market removes all possible barriers to trade and requires free movement of people to participate in . 
  that is different from a normal trade deal , which exists in many different forms all around the world and certainly do n't require free movement of people . 
  if destroying the eu = slowing federalization , then yeah you 're right . 
  i 'm glad they 've been pressing down on those brakes . 
  unfortunately some people are hell bent on making this a federal state and now that they 're leaving , further integration will probably speed up a lot . 
  lol, 
  roughly as i expected . 
  if the eu continues centralizing , no two-speed eu is created , and we get dragged into a federal union then i 'll vote for any party who promises a referendum like the brits had and i 'll vote leave . 
  wow that is a lot of interesting maps . 
  that does n't contradict the idea though . 
  most people probably do believe that if a native and a foreigner both have the same qualifications for a job , the native should be given priority . 
  i think the purpose of the list is to raise eyebrows if a specific company has a very high percentage of foreign workers . 
  maybe i am wrong after all ? 
  could you link the comment ? 
  i heard somewhere that there has been a misunderstanding with what the list actually is . 
  apparently the proposed idea shows the percentage of workers which are foreign in any company , nothing more . 
  at least in my case , i was confused with what the list entailed . 
  either way , i do n't support this idea because it probably causes more division than its worth and does n't solve much . 
  let the rest of us in on this !, 
  i have no clue what that means to a german, 
  ah yes , one of the resident uk-bashers is here . 
  which is interesting because you obviously know nothing about the country . 
   abrasive racist phlegmatic unfriendly people pathetic . 
   the foreign office was said to be concerned about the risk of sensitive material being exposed as article 50 negotiations over britain 's exit from the eu , and subsequent talks on its future trade and other relations with the bloc , get under way .
