  credit for working towards peace in his later years sure , but he was a terrorist . 
  that 's it , let it all out . 
  believe it or not the eu is a voluntary organization and they have no obligation to stay if they do n't want to . 
  if this hurts your feelings then too bad . 
  thanks . 
  does n't it go against macron that he been the economic minister in a time with slow growth and high unemployment ? 
   i wonder if you understand the point of coming to a place designed for people to exchange different ideas and opinions . 
  everything you have written above is devoid of substance . 
  just a bunch of ad hominem and nonsense while the other guy answers the topic at hand . 
   but you can speak for wales ? 
  cool . 
  we have very important people on this sub . 
  wow , straight on the attack i see . 
  this is what proper discussion look like . 
  ^ / s  i did n't say it will happen . 
  but some of your politicians are obviously interested in at least discussing it . 
   none of that matters , because you already told us that you can speak for wales , we do n't need anything else . 
   the other fish also mocked dory in finding nemo , she definitely proved them wrong . 
  i wish i could speak whale too . 
   sounds like you 're even displeased with people talking about it . 
  something to fear ? 
  any reason for the insults ? 
  said while he is talking about it and you are spouting empty words . 
  is this a joke ? 
  agreed . 
  i do n't see the controversy here . 
  citizens rights will be the first thing solved during negotiations . 
  this sub just gets more and more entertaining . 
  also looking forward to the response when article 50 is triggered . 
  if it 's anything like when theresa may said that the uk was leaving the single market , then i better start stocking up on popcorn . 
  interesting looking back . 
  article is from april 2015 . 
   look at what the eu has been like a few years ago : the franco-german relationship only worked rumbled ; of benelux , there was no more impetus , italy was marginalized by berlusconi , and poland was governed by an anti-european party . 
  in poland , donald tusk won two campaigns with a pro-european campaign . 
  great respect !, 
  tusk is the man who led poland to the center of europe . 
  his successor continues this path . 
  also benelux , the germ cell of eu integration , works again . 
  and italy has become a much more pro-european force with matteo renzi . 
  skip forward two years and pis is in charge in poland . 
  italy booted renzi out and five star is a powerful political force . 
   we have four g-7 states , italy , great britain , france , germany , and we have two veto-appointed powers of the security council , great britain and france , who often consider their role in the security council as a balance between their role in the security council and their role in the eu . 
  not to mention the fact that the uk is leaving ... 
  so the average person in ukraine does n't even have 1500usd to his/her name . 
  damn . 
   ca n't say i 'm sad about it now that we know how they 've been slagging us off behind our backs for decades . 
  right ... 
  in what way is british reluctance for the eu surprising ? 
  it 's been that way since the beginning . 
  i 'm glad he 's doing this . 
  funny how he is getting shit now when he has to be escorted out from rinkeby . 
  wish we could honestly discuss the problems without denial or exaggerations . 
  sorry for what i 'm about to say ... but / r/murica has a better subreddit header, 
  hilarious reading these posts where people call the uk xenophobic for restricting eu immigration and then they type things like `` enjoy your brown people from the commonwealth  ) ) '' edit : it appears i 've struck a nerve with some people . 
   he said the campaign used this information , combined with artificial intelligence , to decide who to target with highly individualised advertisements and had built a database of more than a million people , based on advice cambridge analytica supplied . 
  this is precisely targeted marketing . 
  not everyone living in the uk is 18 years old or eligible to vote . 
  so you ca n't just pick out a percentage like that . 
  and tough luck , but democracy is an attendance contest in part . 
  everyone has the choice to stay home and it 's always been about motivating your side to show up . 
  it 's like that in a lot of countries . 
  big data has been used plenty of times around the world ; it 's an extention of normal marketing using online data to target the right people . 
  people can still make their own decisions however . 
  you and a lot of other people in this thread are ignoring the fact that brits have long been more eurosceptic than other european countries . 
  you can look at polls from years ago which shows this . 
  half this sub is trying to rationalise the leave vote in their minds by blaming it on anything else . 
  40 upvotes for this nonsense . 
  anything to convince you people that brits did n't really mean what they voted for i guess . 
  big data has been used for several years now . 
  if you think that it 's only this referendum then you 're in for a shock . 
  it 's a huge industry and barack obama used it very effectively in 2012 . 
  you ca n't just cancel a result like this because people use this type of targeted marketing . 
  at least in sweden , there is minimum wage but it depends on the job and it 's sorted by the unions . 
  government does n't get involved with a `` one size fits all '' policy . 
  objectively incorrect . 
  see [ democracy index 2016 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index ), 
  that polandball comic ... no matter how many times it 's posted it still makes me smile . 
  the point of this thread was to illustrate what you know about the uk ; not to boast in your cluelessness . 
  interesting list . 
  thanks for spicing up the thread . 
  i 'll add that i did n't see any anti-catholic sentiment when i lived there . 
  the catholic/protestant thing pretty much only really matters in northern ireland as far as i know . 
  you 're definitely right about it being complicated up there ... 
  if i remember correctly , the murder rate in malm\u00f6 was lower than the worst offenders in europe ( i remember tirana being particularly bad ) . 
  at the same time it was worse than stockholm , gothenburg , london , paris , berlin etc. 
  although this is all from a european perspective . 
  these cities have nothing on chicago or cities in latin america . 
  we 've been getting a lot of attention the past few days , how flattering . 
  / s but yeah , malm\u00f6 is n't that safe by european standards . 
  lots of gang crime . 
  it 's highly unlikely that anything were to happen to you if you visited though . 
  osama bin laden escaped afghanistan after they invaded . 
  if the us had n't arrived he would n't have a problem sitting it out in afghanistan . 
  working with the afghan government ? 
  the taliban were never going to seriously cooperate . 
  they let him and other al qaeda terrorists flourish in afghanistan . 
  invading afghanistan was never going to be easy and clean but it had to be done . 
  tell me , what would you have done ? 
  sent a stern letter to osama bin laden warning him not to try anything like that again ? 
  it did serve a defensive purpose , which was neutralizing the direct threat which just attacked the united states and killed almost 3000 people .
