  yep , impressions are everything and people do n't like what they see in this case . 
  the average romanian is probably a nice , normal guy but beggers and criminals leave a bad impression amongst the general public . 
  it 's the same here in sweden ; most people think of gypsy beggers when they think of romanians . 
  hell even for me my experience with romanians has n't been good as the only romanian i actually know is a criminal who launders drug money through his restaurant where he treats his employees like shit . 
  i do n't think poles are as big in focus as they were between 2004-2008 . 
  romanians are probably viewed worse nowadays . 
   interested in ice hockey  not religious  dislike people who talk too much come to sweden buddy , you 'd fit right in . 
  people here do n't strike a random conversation with you as often as in a lot of other countries . 
  he 's obviously frustrated with the signals from brussels regarding the migrants and the italian economic situation . 
  looks interesting . 
  does anyone have a version with english subtitles ? 
  mixing danish peoples party , sweden democrats and ukip with golden dawn is really lazy . 
  question for russians here : to what extent are the elections fair ? 
  i know several parties practically report to putin , and every time there is an election dubious numbers get brought up and voter fraud allegations are everywhere . 
  but at the same time , i understand that a lot of russians probably like putin and his approval rating was still good last time i checked . 
  so is it light fraud with a lot of genuine support or is it more dirty tricks undermining any chance of opposition ? 
  how was the uk government the main driving force of concerns regarding eu immigration ? 
  they could 've restricted free movement from the 2004 countries for a while , but that did nothing to address the point that control over eu immigration was n't in london but in brussels . 
  remain had an awful time when immigration became the key point of the debate because they had literally no answer for it . 
  there was nothing they could say because free movement of people is non-negotiable . 
   however , a slovak foreign ministry source told the bbc mr fico had been referring only to those eu citizens living in the uk at the time of the referendum . 
  he 's implying that only france has significant military capability . 
  bring out the popcorn boys , this is getting juicy, 
  yes , because the english are [ more hateful ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ ) than your average european ... 
  wow , that was harshly put, 
  well the article says that germanys contribution to the eu budget will increase ; but i 'm pretty sure i read in some article that big members were really not keen on expanding their bill . 
  we 'll have to wait and see exactly what happens . 
  hey , that was me . 
  yeah i mean i get it , we have immigration and integration problems but unfortunately some people do n't see anything else about sweden except their exaggerated version of it . 
  conversation about sweden regardless of topic ? 
  ahh that linked comment brings me back to the day after on / r/europe . 
  like a volcano of bitterness had just erupted , that 's what it was like . 
  reading those comments today reminds me of how hysterical the reaction was . 
  lol , i chuckled, 
  the economy is n't everything . 
  just thinking about the weather and lifestyle in spain makes me happy , living there must be a treat if you earn good money and have no economic woes . 
   a car containing gas cylinders was found near notre dame cathedral in paris on saturday night , a french police official said . 
   the owner of the peugeot 607 was arrested and is on a watchlist of people suspected of religious radicalism , the official said . 
   another man is reported to have been detained by police . 
   the police official said that it is believed the owner of the car `` may have been trying to carry out a test-run . '', 
   french police said that the car had no registration plates and it was found with its hazard lights flashing . 
   the vehicle contained seven gas cylinders , one of which was empty and placed on the front passenger seat . 
   there was no detonating device present , an official added . 
   la parisien reports that a book written in arabic was found at the scene . 
   the security alert comes after a warning from the head of the french domestic intelligence service , calvar patrick , that islamic state could use booby-trapped vehicles to attack france . 
   in july , mr patrick said : `` i am sure that they will move to the level of vehicle bombs and explosive devices and they will thus increase their power . 
   `` they are going to send in squads whose mission will be to organise terrorist campaigns without necessarily mounting assaults that will end with their deaths . '', 
   the terrorism threat level in france remains ` high ' after a series of deadly attacks . 
   on july 14 , 86 people were killed when a truck ploughed into a bastille day crowd in nice , with is saying it was driven by one of its followers . 
   less than a fortnight later two young jihadists murdered a priest near the northern city of rouen . 
   is also claimed responsibility for the november 2015 attacks on paris that killed 130 people and injured hundreds . 
  the telegraph really is n't as bad of a paper as many here seem to think . 
  they do occasionally have sensational titles , but the content is n't bad . 
  it is right wing and pro-brexit but every paper has a leaning . 
  people maybe mix them up with the tabloid rags , which are n't even fit to be called newspapers in my opinion . 
  they would be the type who would print that the world is coming for british benefits like you mention . 
   two leading city institutions have cancelled predictions of an eu referendum recession and revised their economic forecasts higher in response to better than expected economic surveys . 
   economists from credit suisse and morgan stanley lifted growth predictions for 2016 and 2017 , removing the expectation of a recession , but they said the brexit vote would still slow growth . 
   the upward revisions followed good august results in the three main purchasing manager surveys -- for the services , manufacturing and construction sectors . 
  brexit-supporting mps said the results demonstrate the economy would remain robust following the vote . 
   credit suisse increased its forecast for 2016 growth from 1 per cent to 1.9 per cent and its 2017 forecast from a contraction of 1 per cent to growth of 0.5 per cent . 
  its economists had been the second most pessimistic among those surveyed by the treasury in august . 
   sonali punhani , an economist at credit suisse , said that recent data had demonstrated that the shock of brexit was `` materially less than we expected in late june '' . 
   `` given the resilience of the data , combined with some political stability and the fact that people do not know how much brexit will affect them , we now expect subdued growth , but not a recession , '' she said . 
   morgan stanley said it had changed its forecast because of the latest data `` from a sharp slowdown and brecession , to a lesser slowdown , which narrowly avoids a technical recession '' . 
   both banks expected brexit would harm the uk economy and both expected the shock would be felt after the article 50 leaving process was triggered rather than the referendum result itself . 
   melanie baker of morgan stanley said that when households notice changes to the economy , they are likely to become more reluctant to spend . 
  `` we expect current resilience will be undermined over time by firms holding back on investment and hiring , and an erosion of purchasing power , as the weaker gbp drives a pick-up in inflation , '' she said . 
   morgan stanley revised its forecasts up from 1.2 to 1.9 per cent for 2016 and in 2017 from 0.5 to 0.6 per cent . 
   many economists have been revising their forecasts up in response to the latest data , but almost all still expect the uk economy to perform worse after brexit . 
   in the latest treasury survey , the average independent economic forecasts for total growth over the 2016 to 2020 period were 3.3 percentage points lower than those in may . 
  if i was an expert i would n't say that i do n't know . 
  do n't take it personally , our numbers suck too and this is a problem for all of europe but this topic is specifically about belgium . 
  and that 's a country with under 1 million muslims . 
  pretty sure belgium has the highest per capita rate of foreign fighters in europe . 
  how did belgium let this happen ... i do n't know . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  problem is that it 's hard to see beforehand how many previous non-voters will show up . 
  i watched a documentary about trumps presidential campaign , and the host traveled across the country and met several people who all said they had never voted before but would now . 
  one analyst they interviewed said the same thing ; that trump was drawing people who had never voted before , and the presidency could very well be his . 
  but who knows if that is indicative of a wider sentiment or if its just a small minority . 
  yeah , i believe that is the easiest path to victory for trump . 
  if you 've seen the bbc brexit documentary , one mp talks about how local constituents approached him asking basic stuff like what a ballot was . 
  never underestimate the power of previous non-voters to show up when they have an option they truly believe in . 
  not comparable at all . 
  there are eurosceptic movements all over the continent , do they not see themselves as european ? 
  and what about the countries that are n't even in the eu ? 
  what ? 
  no i did n't . 
  if i did you would see a *, 
  haha i think i know exactly which user you are talking about . 
  i remember a romanian guy ; wrote a huge text riddled with shouting like this in the middle of it . 
  random phrases like `` you decide nothing ... you get nothing '' thrown into the middle . 
  hysterical and pathetic . 
  i do have sympathy for their stories , but this  `` to be a muslim woman in france is to live in an apartheid system of which the beach bans are just the latest incarnation . 
  i think that french muslim women would be justified to request asylum in the united states , for instance , given how many persecutions we are subjected to . '' is ridiculous and honestly insulting to victims of real persecution . 
  6 years ago ? 
  damn . 
  well i see them here in sweden every now and again . 
  kista shopping centre , stockholm and even a couple in my own town .
