  if you 're going to be poor for a couple of decades anyway why not at least do it with dignity . 
  who is talking about leaving the eu ? 
  the british made a home on greek beaches long before the euro . 
  if greece becomes cheaper ( which it was before the euro ) even more so . 
  that 's the best you 've got ? 
  this type of consumer debt fueled growth economy is dead . 
  did you not get the memo ? 
  everything else looks meh . 
  40 % youth unemployment , reduced employment protection , some relief to the economy while life support is delivered through printing vast amounts of money . 
  such success , much wow . 
  oliver cromwell ( 1/5th of irish population killed ) . 
  citation needed . 
  queen victoria - yes fair enough . 
  maybe it 's the culture of easy access to guns ? 
  i think you 're doing more to detract from the word then anyone else if you think the belgians horror show in the congo was n't genocide . 
  congolese were deliberately killed because they wanted them cleared out of the area for rubber . 
  that 's pretty much genocide in any book . 
  still keep clasping at straws rather than finally face your past . 
  your past is n't going anywhere anyway . 
  it will await a generation with the balls to admit it and at the very least remove the statues of a man in the hitler / stalin / mao mega league of genocidal maniacs . 
  what absolute bollocks . 
  it takes more than one king with a beard to run an empire and commit a genocide . 
  how much democratic control did ottoman turks have again ? 
  belgium is a tiny country a very large part of it was directly involved and certainly directly benefited from congo . 
  belgian mining companies and intelligence services also continued to destroy congo well into the last century . 
  belgian 's also had no problem with having statue 's of this man that they conveniently dump their entire genocidal colonial history onto . 
  is it just me or do none of those charts look that impressive ? 
  nothing is written in stone but money markets move by sentiment . 
  no one wants to move last . 
  that means either a bank run is unthinkable or it becomes almost certain . 
  same goes for falling out of the euro . 
  you going to invest in portugal after greece exists ? 
  the vultures well start to circle portugal next . 
  it 's not inevitable but if i was german i would treat maintaining the invincibility of the eurozone a lot higher than a rather biased anger towards greece . 
  american corporate lawyers are attempting to bind the eu in a treaty whose sole purpose is to serve the interests of their clients in perpetuity . 
  this would mean less animal welfare protections , less environmental protections , less ability in any area to tie the hands of multinationals . 
  it is in effect a transfer of sovereignty to global capital . 
  people like savannahjeff are of the viewpoint that we should patiently wait for our masters to let us in on this new project , where no doubt the opinions of the serfs well be welcomed and given due consideration . 
  others believe we should be raising all hell now so that the political implications are made very apparent to those who claim to represent us . 
  germany better hope not . 
  they are the country with by far the most to lose from a strengthening euro or indeed a wholesale collapse of the euro project . 
  traditionally free trade has meant no trade tariffs . 
  otherwise all health and safety regulations , all environmental regulations , all labour laws etc would have to be the same everywhere . 
  this means one world government . 
  you 're being very disingenuous or misguided if you think that 's what the term always meant . 
  free trade is about tariffs we already have free trade ( largely ) . 
  ttip is about corporations rewriting laws to conform to the lowest possible standards and obligations and making it impossible for the democratic will of the people to in anyway constrain their activity . 
  it 's absolutely shocking and should not be wrapped in the to many people non alarming wrapper of free trade . 
  it 's not free trade . 
  we have laws that enshrine our core safeguards . 
  scrapping them is corporate tyranny . 
  it has nothing to do with free trade . 
  the difference is if you feel that it 's hard to mount a push back against reactionary laws in the uk how do you think it will be like against european treaties ? 
  how much political involvement in this country has there been about common fisheries or common agricultural policy ? 
  it 's a very popular fallacy amongst the left that europe is to the left of the uk . 
  there seems very little to support this . 
  the pendulum has been swinging right everywhere even in scandinavia . 
  how will you reign in europe when it starts enacting authoritarian laws that protect american mega-corps in their efforts to rollback animal welfare , environmental protection , pharmaceutical safeguards and promote orwellian copyrights laws etc etc. 
  you are basically willing to trade what democracy you have in the hope that europe is more liberal . 
  that seems a pretty reckless bet . 
  no people get more conservative as they get older and vote more reliably . 
  of course it 's effective . 
  power is a suspension of disbelief . 
  booing the king and the national anthem are hugely powerful actions . 
  these comments on reddit always telling people how useless coordinated acts of deliberate subversion are are also powerful . 
  they act to reinforce the status quo and remind people not to make fools of themselves by believing that acts that free our minds could ever free ourselves from tyranny . 
  the truth is this is the only way to free yourself . 
   in violation of a treaty against them a treaty conducted in secret . 
  heavily lobbied for by industries with very low public trust . 
  with no public mandate whatsoever . 
  one that is already eroding public and environmental protections : http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/may/22/eu-dropped-pesticide-laws-due-to-us-pressure-over-ttip-documents-reveal this is a straight up fight between people and corporations . 
  everything in the leaked ttip looks likely to reduce public and environmental safety , reduce animal welfare , increase the slide into authoritarian copyright measures , reduce banking safeguards , reduce pharmaceutical safety regimes . 
  i still ca n't see what motivates you to pop up in every ttip thread asking people to wait until this secret deal is dun and dusted and its all but impossible to repeal before they get angry about this attack on people , the environment and animals . 
  your point that corporations probably wo n't win is beyond irrelevant . 
  it is giving those handful of organisations that already wield excessive and largely destructive power even more strength to force their will on us all . 
  jesus why are you so keen on defending the indefensible . 
  governments have every right to legislate to protect citizens . 
  companies selling products that kill their clients have no moral and currently no legal right to sue to protect their profits . 
  yet in every thread mentioning ttip in you come claiming your research says there 's nothing to worry about . 
  that 's either idiotic or malign . 
  please correct this . 
  it 's just not true . 
  after decades of unbelievable horror there was a small period of relative reform before belgium once again threw the country into horror again . 
  belgians still do n't get how terrible even by the standards of the time their colonial rule was and how much their countries ruthless exploitation and democratic treachery led to the continued horrors we are witnessing today . 
  paternalistic and undemocratic by our standards . 
  are you fuckng kidding me !, 
  you think america dreamt up all its own weapons ? 
  they boated in nazis for a lot of them . 
  as for working conditions how much is being built by hand ? 
  more importantly this is the least ethical business on the planet anyway . 
  not sure the market for ethically produced killing machines is very big . 
  this is a sign you 're doing it right . 
  at least if you 're a progressive country . 
  bottom line are your values in relation to women and international law more valuable to you then lucrative financial deals . 
  i think for sweden the answer almost alone in the world should be yes . 
  that is there unique brand and has served them well . 
  because cross fertilisation that can happen naturally and splicing different species together that ca n't have completely different risk profiles and have literally no similarities beyond the very superficial . 
  yes no one has ever said this before not with the albanian gangs or the russians or the yardies or the irish or the jewish or the gypsies or the football hooligans or the bengali gangs or the mods or the rockers , or the . . 
  reality is statistically london is incredibly safe . 
  this is really not such a good idea .
