wow that 's a very small number . 
  they have a true range of options on the left , right and centre . 
  i 'm intrigued as to where you 're from that you have better options ? 
  i 'm not sure you can really hold this against him . 
  people are required to say things to prevent a bank run that are untrue . 
  this is not a politicians self interested lie but an impossible position where the truth can have disastrous implications . 
  the idea of a currency timeout is beyond laughable it 's totally insane . 
  what would you have done differently ? 
  they are not masters of their own destiny . 
  they either accept being pushed out at a time not of their choosing with far worse implications or accept the bitter pill that is being forced . 
  the deal if it is accepted is marginally better than the one on the table and more importantly they have fought with what little they had to get better . 
  they failed not thorough stupidity but lack of leverage . 
  ultimately germany was prepared to let greece go giving them no more options other than a spectacularly badly timed exit . 
  you ca n't fix a problem without understanding what went wrong . 
  otherwise history keeps repeating itself . 
  one thing that should be clear is that many banks lent recklessly to the point that public institutions were forced to step in and save them . 
  this must be something that is addressed looking forward . 
  put the mail down granadad . 
  most of greeks woes are due to rich elites colluding with banking and military industrial complex to buy massive amounts of french and german military hardware with cheap money from french and german banks . 
  hardly socialist utopia . 
  the greek state is small compared to north european standards . 
  the implication clearly was that a fast unsupported exit and currency switch would be frantically chaotic and economically disastrous . 
  this is not a subject for cheap digs . 
  the greeks team have been very economically literate . 
  it 's easy for bystanders to say stand by your principles and leave but that would be disastrous if not done with great care . 
  i 've been following closely and i 'm not greek . 
  i do n't see any confusion other than the right wing talking point that there was confusion . 
  the subtext was irrelevant . 
  they were forced to make a stand without weapons , without cover and without high ground . 
  they did the best they could and the act of defiance that the referendum was will help the people of greece deal with the surrender that was always inevitable minus a clear electoral mandate to leave the euro . 
  what choice have they ? 
  their voters know that higher levels of poverty will come with euro exit in at least the short and medium term . 
  i ca n't see how you can blame them . 
  they have no mandate for an exit . 
  do it just bring euros with you . 
  in crete now and can take out euros freely but that could change . 
  so why not have decades long banking sector taxes to pay off the debt ? 
  it 's also about ridiculous over lending . 
  it 's crazy shit like the imf saying no to reducing greece 's absurd military budgets . 
  both france and particularly germany have benefited from greece 's corrupt political elites penchant for big military spend and the kick backs that come with it . 
  we ca n't just ignore this when talking about how greece ended up so absurdly in debt to germany . 
  hold on a minute . 
  it 's fundamentally wrong for a doctor to earn more than a waiter ? 
  or do you mean in like for like jobs ? 
  i still do n't see any reason why a public sector teacher should always earn less than a private sector teacher . 
  or you know his free to read blog . 
  social progressiveness is not really where the fight is . 
  things like gay marriage are issues that were won a long time ago and are just catching up with social attitudes . 
  where the fight is the power of global capital to be all powerful and the failure of regulation to constrain it . 
  this is where the left and the right are important . 
  really these people who get paid more than anyone on the planet had no way of seeing the fundamental weaknesses in a greek economy with poor taxation collection , systemic corruption often predicated on big bank funded vanity projects and a crazy military spending it clearly could n't afford . 
  i think it 's reasonable to expect both that they know what they were doing and that their poor risk assessment impact them directly . 
  might be very tempting politically to give greece some support as it would be used as a textbook case of the failure of the old imf hegemony . 
  remember greece would n't need huge injections just to pay the interest on its debts . 
  also remember both russia and china have specific geopolitical reasons to support greece and brazil and india might both consider this for solidarity reasons . 
  primary surplus maybe just but also had overseen the economy contract 20 % and unemployment expand 40 % . 
  greece was in free fall . 
  do n't kid yourself that they were in some sort of winning position . 
  sweat factories for the lucky few or subsistence farming in broken corrupt despotic countries . 
  wow capitalism after tearing up the world resources and consuming a windfall petrol bonanza sure is an amazing model . 
  no i do n't admire the ussr . 
  both communism and capitalism have failed . 
  only if you 're prepared to be born poor in some festering hell hole the americans have helped create in some tin pot third world dictatorship ? 
  how many people were killed by the americans carpet bombing south east asia ? 
  what 's the death toll from the iraq war ? 
  what 's the cost of capitalism to the poor of the world ? 
  we could do this all night . 
  the red terror lasted a month . 
  lenin was involved in a civil war not all the deaths can be attributed to him . 
  best you got ? 
  both thatcher and regan funded paramilitaries that killed innocent people in northern ireland and central america . 
  this is documented historical fact . 
  greece ca n't pay back it 's debts . 
  they will never get enough money to pay back their debts . 
  there only possible way forward is to default on the debt . 
  this is the bottom line . 
  at some point the can will need to stop being kicked down the road and the reality of that faced . 
  greece does not need sticking plasters they need a complete default of an unpayable debt . 
  i feel like your comment does not really get that . 
  and people like thatcher and regan who right wing parties admire have no blood on their hands ? 
  older people will lose their savings so they are being conservative . 
  younger people have nothing to lose accept their pride so are voting no . 
  actually makes a lot of sense . 
  the man 's a marxist old chap no permission required . 
  / quaffs expensive brandy marvelling at the foolishness of the peasant classes . 
  the crazy thing is greece is looking desperately around for new partners and they are sat right next to a booming bric well mint country . 
  now might be a good time for both countries to mend bridges, 
  no say he did n't !, 
  they really have someone must have been lending them obscene amounts of money to buy all that pointless german military hardware . 
  maybe . 
  i think it 's possible that of the greeks vote no they will be offered a face saving compromise . 
  germany has a lot to lose if the euro starts to fragment . 
  merkel will go down as a successful statesmen ( woman ) but not if she oversees the breakdown of the european project . 
  greece is only in the headlights because g the situation there is so bad . 
  there are plenty more countries whose economies are in very poor shape . 
  these are high stakes not just for greece . 
  america seems to have run up a very large debt during its 50 year obsession with fiscal conservatism . 
  your use of europe is much to vague . 
  ttp is plenty of evidence that the same rot of self interest is everywhere . 
  this makes sense .
