obviously anybody with even rudimentary knowledge about military strategy understands that russia would take these measures if sweden joined nato . 
  that russia makes a point in specifically mentioning this obvious thing in an interview with a major newspaper is however a statement . 
  it 's a scare-tactic thinly veiled as merely stating a fact . 
  lavrov is an old dog . 
  he has been in the game for a long time , and he knows exactly what he is saying . 
  or fermented !, 
  only the best for our new friends . 
  honestly though , his nick is '' / u/dutchpothead '' , i 'm pretty sure he 'll take whatever edible deal we throw at him . 
  the biggest mistake from an eu point-of-view is that the soft policies are throwing votes to parties that want to dissolve the eu . 
  a former pm of sweden ( g\u00f6ran persson ) phrased it well : `` if you do n't adapt to public opinion you will get replaced with worse alternatives . '', 
  now , whether you are pro-eu or not it seems obvious to me that either the union will fail because of it 's own incapacity to unite under a policy that is necessary , but ideologically unfavorable to the power-players . 
  or it will grow stronger , having future incentive to favor necessity over ideal . 
  agreed . 
  the burden of proof has to increase , and we have to adapt to our capabilities . 
  if we do n't have a translator that can pinpoint the asylum seeker 's dialect and verify their claims , we should never accept their story . 
  there can be no room for cheating , because people will cheat if they think they can get away with it . 
  also , i think the most immediate action ( and our government in sweden as well as the opposition agree ) is to actually follow through on deportation . 
  a lot of asylum seekers go through with their migration based on hear-say , and the second people know that rejects get deported they will think twice about spending their savings on the life-threatening journey . 
  exactly , and i believe we need to adapt to that . 
  short term we need to increase the burden of proof from asylum seekers that they are actually persecuted and in need of protection . 
  make the asylum process so difficult that only someone whose life actually depends on it will even consider jumping through the necessary hoops . 
  meanwhile we need to exploit our economic and political leverage over the countries where the persecution happens to force them to deal with it and to accept deported migrants . 
  if they need military or administrative help to achieve this we should offer it to them in return for oversight and authority of the process . 
  if any countries refuse this deal we should not accept any asylum seekers from there and use economic sanctions to force them . 
  it 's a brutal tactic , and i realize it will hurt people in need of help who can not prove they are , but i just do n't see any other way . 
  the situation as it is today is a time-bomb . 
  you guys are cool . 
  if germany wo n't take you you 're free to come chill with the nordics . 
  bring weed please . 
  this honestly feels like the greens are taking their last breaths as a credible government party . 
  they have a large muslim member base and during the last few days * a lot * of columnists and traditional media outlets have started to write stories of shady ( read islamist ) tendencies among the party members . 
  it 's all over everything . 
  even pro-green outlets are raging . 
  one of their leaders , \u00c5sa romson ( our deputy pm , it 's crazy ) , just called 9/11 an `` accident '' . 
  something that the [ ny post just picked up on . 
  ] ( http://nypost.com/2016/04/19/swedish-deputy-pm-calls-911-an-accident/?utm_source=twitter&amp;utm_medium=site%20buttons&amp;utm_campaign=site%20buttons ) party members ( muslim members , mind you ) have [ written about ] ( http://www.svt.se/opinion/hassan-om-kaplan ) the problem of islamist influence within the party . 
  they are increasingly becoming a burden and their support is literally crashing . 
  the entire question of alleged islamism has gone entirely from `` this is a complex issue , perhaps we are being islamophobic . 
  lets not be so quick to judge . '', 
  to `` this is completely unacceptable , get these people the fuck out '' in a matter of a few days . 
  this is a very hot potato and it 's the last thing our weak government needs right now . 
  the whole thing is crashing and burning as we speak . 
  people are * outraged * . 
  i think it 's glorious . 
  the pressure has built up for years and the barriers just burst . 
  the shit has hit the fan like a nuke . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  do n't let the door hit you in the ass . 
  i do n't want this shit in my country and it 's not a minute too soon . 
  and some people are happy living in perfectly nice and clean european cities . 
  it checks out . 
  try to pitch policies that will help whatever housing needs the country has at the moment . 
  arrange stimulus packages etc. 
  this particular housing minister travelled to turkey to meet with shady nationalists a lot , but that does n't really come with the job description . 
  the next one can be any color of the rainbow and worship satan himself , for all i care , as long as they kickstart some building . 
  we * really * need some new houses . 
  my bad . 
  according to the tweeter , the state media `` aa '' ( i hope this is correct this time ) wrote about an `` unfair media hunt '' against kaplan after meeting with `` certain organizations '' without mentioning that those organizations were the grey wolves and milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs . 
  i mixed up his tweets . 
  sorry about that . 
  yeah , it 's a tight spot . 
  i honestly think they 'll stay for now , but i wonder how many setbacks and compromises they can handle . 
  to many of their members power seems secondary to ideology , and they 've given up much of the second to keep the former during their time in government . 
  yes , thank you . 
  i corrected it . 
  yeah , dude , but say it : eexit . 
  it 's brilliant !, 
  also , unrelated to your comment , but swexit sounds like the name of a brand of detergent . 
  you and me wonder both , brother . 
  good thing is that these scandals work like praxis-setting court rulings , and now that it 's been `` ruled '' that support for such groups is unacceptable for politicians we 're unlike to see it happen again . 
   eexit this is the best one . 
  you 'd think , would n't you ? 
  i honestly have no idea what their thought-process is by now . 
  at this point i just assume they 're completely clueless . 
  apparently , in turkish pro-erdogan * media it 's pitched as a `` media hunt from jewish and armenian lobbies . '', 
  sorry for swedish/turkish : https://twitter.com/tomasthoren/status/722025538538352640 https://twitter.com/tomasthoren/status/722026593942708224, 
  not well known to the public , but well known on internet forums such as flashback . 
  the problem is that flashback has a bad rep with the general public and a worse rep with media , so `` i read it on flashback '' wo n't get anything in print , no matter how true it is . 
  `` we 've been na\u00efve '' is , like , the catchphrase of the sitting government . 
  i ca n't speak for the parties in question but they have an outspoken humanist agenda and i think their line of reasoning is that `` if you just trust people it 'll always pay off in the end '' . 
  needless to say i do n't agree with that line of thinking . 
  exactly . 
  they are a party that market themselves as the alternative to `` the system '' , so by breaking the rules of said system they can gain support anyway . 
  however , this is their strength as well as their weakness . 
  as soon as the moderates started to tighten up on immigration they won back votes from sd . 
  my personal theory is that a significant portion of the voters simply distrust certain persons within sd , because of the reasons you mentioned , and would rather vote for pretty much any other party that adopted the same policies . 
  i think the moderates will propose even harder regulations on immigration . 
  it 's really just free votes at this point, 
  i personally agree with you , but some of their voters do n't seem to mind . 
  remember , sd has grown in spite of these scandals . 
  this is true , but the greens are in a position they really do n't like . 
  their members are displeased with having to compromise on their principles ( were n't they a single vote away from leaving the government rather than changing the immigration policies ? ), 
  and opposition as well as media are criticizing them for essentially being in opposition to themselves . 
  it is true that they are in a position of more power now than they would be if they left , but they may have problems convincing both their members and voters of that , since a good portion of those people seem to think they do n't have any power now anyway . 
  oh yes , but the principle still stands . 
  an islamist , alleged or proven , hangs more loosely in an equality party than a xenophobe in an anti-immigration party regardless of their position within their respective parties . 
  i think it 's a question of credibility . 
  sd has an outspoken anti-immigration agenda , and their voters may even like that some of their high-uppers are known xenophobes . 
  milj\u00f6partiet are an environmental party with an outspoken equality agenda . 
  having suspected islamists among them hurts them .
