  yeah but considering how huge this has been i 'm certain media would n't waste a good scoop . 
  yeah , it 's refreshing news . 
  we 've had one minister with islamist * ties , but this means there wo n't be a second one . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say he was probably given the option of resigning himself or being resigned forcefully . 
  both spr\u00e5kr\u00f6r ( party leaders ) of the greens have apparently cancelled everything on their schedules . 
  we 'll see if they stay in the government . 
  agreed . 
  yah , pretty groundbreaking . 
  it 's not just that . 
  apparently he 's been at some party/dinner with representants from the turkish neo-fascist group [ grey wolves ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grey_wolves_\\ ( organization \\ ) ) and islamist group [ milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mill%c3%ae_g%c3%b6r%c3%bc%c5%9f ) whom are super friendly with erdogans akp . 
  it is absolutely crazy . 
  the whole country is screaming `` resign '' right now and he refuses to do any interviews whatsoever . 
  guy is an absolute cunt . 
  true , but the cat is out of the box now . 
  yeah , but this particular one is under the spotlight for islamic ties . 
  right ? 
  the guy is getting absolutely crushed in media right now . 
  even the leader of the left party ( formerly the communist party ) is telling him he should resign . 
  media is having a field day digging up dirt on him now that it 's hot . 
  i would n't be surprised if other muslim politicians go under the microscope now that it 's suddenly ok to . 
  we 've had issues for a while regarding what opinions are `` allowed '' in the media and public space , but it 's changing quickly . 
  the right is n't pulling their punches anymore and the left is unusually quiet . 
  honestly though , he is being absolutely shit on by everyone except the green party leaders , and he should be . 
  prime minister is a coward though , so who knows if he has the balls to kick him off . 
  russia is flexing lately . 
  even though there 's no immediate threat right now , if you asked anyone a couple of years ago how large the risk is of russia invading ukraine they would probably say `` nonexistent '' . 
  who knows how it looks five or ten years down the line ? 
  not to mention twenty . 
  as the saying goes - if you want peace , prepare for war . 
  add the fact that if russia decides to reclaim some buffer zones in northeastern europe , gotland is one of the first places they will hit to get a base of operations in the baltic sea . 
  basically , we need several years to even get up to a minimum capacity if an invasion happens , and in the worst case scenario that timeframe is about what we have now . 
  i had a layover in moscow while flying , and during my 3-hour wait i saw something like 10 mullets - in 2015 . 
  why let the truth ruin a good story ? 
  at my university in sweden my program has this annual thing where they arrange a two-night booze cruise to the baltics and back , and every year is absolutely bonkers . 
  on the other hand , when i was younger i used to take those ferries as getaways with my family , and i remember them as rather quiet . 
  who you are there with , who the rest of the passengers are , when you travel and - most importantly - how much you drink makes literally all the difference . 
  http://www.svd.se/donald-trump-slutet-pa-historiens-slut/om/hogermarginalen wants 2 % defence budget to match nato , for example . 
  i could n't find any others now , so i may have convoluted it with tweets or something . 
  sorry about that . 
  very many newspapers have printed opinion pieces on how we have to rebuild the military quickly in response to trump being voted in , since backing by the us may no longer be a guarantee . 
  i think we should do it regardless of us foreign policy , since nothing lasts forever , but it 's a step in the right direction . 
  eh , it works in a pinch . 
  you just got ta dedicate yourself . 
  beer or cider with an alcohol content of 3.5 or lower is sold in regular stores and can be bought whenever wherever . 
  haha , they did n't even understand * why * they were criticized . 
  they 're buying jeans from big brother incarnate , going `` yeah , but we checked id 's and the facilities were top-notch ! '', 
  that 's hilarious . 
  mainly a thing in dalarna and j\u00e4mtland afaik . 
  i mean the lines are getting pretty blurry . 
  in both whatsapp and imessage i have chat groups for different cliques of friends that we use to share links and photos and to have conversations . 
  wikipedia has the definition `` social media are computer-mediated tools that allow people , companies and other organizations to create , share , or exchange information , career interests , ideas , and pictures/videos in virtual communities and networks . '', 
  you could argue that most forms of communication used today fall under the social media umbrella if you go by that definition . 
  on www.svd.se ( major swedish newspaper ) they say that the police says it 's too early to say whether a crime has been committed . 
  it gets covered here in sweden , at least . 
  relevant username !, 
  thick line : change in population thin line : apartments under construction dotted line : completed apartments x-axis : year y-axis : thousands, 
  thin ice , jepsen . 
  you 're on thin ice . 
  we go to denmark to buy pripps . 
  do n't worry . 
  the rest of sweden also categorizes halland and blekinge as sk\u00e5ne . 
  you even have a knighted penguin who 's an officer in the royal guard . 
  i personally think you give them too much influence . 
  we 'll settle for lagom close to home . 
  would n't want to demand too much , you know . 
  f\u00e4rd\u00f6l in swedish . 
  if you 're in gothenburg , go to the sports pub `` foxes '' and order their chevr\u00e9 burger . 
  similar concept and it tastes amazing . 
  in my city in sweden , most restaurants ( or at least half of them ) that offer good burgers have a chevr\u00e9 burger on the menu . 
  the iron cross ? 
  an old friend told her boyfriend , who was a bulgarian who studied here in sweden , that if your nostrils `` stick together '' when you inhale , it 's likely below -10 . 
  he was amazed at our `` nordic wisdom '' as he called it . 
  we have a similar system in sweden , but seeing as finland was a part of sweden until 1809 , and we have been pretty tight knit culturally since , especially when it comes to copying each others policies , it should apply pretty well to the finnish situation . 
  also , the wiki-page for the swedish monopoly is a bit more extensive than the finnish counterpart :  in 1766 the swedish king , adolf frederick , decided , after several unsuccessful attempts at regulating alcohol consumption , to abolish all restrictions . 
  this led to virtually every household making and selling alcohol . 
  at the beginning of the 1800s , the swedish people were drinking a lot of alcohol , from 175,000 distillers ( most of them for household-production only ) , using tremendous amounts of grain and potatoes that otherwise would have been consumed as food , and it was later said that most men in sweden abused alcohol . 
  women rarely drank alcohol , since it was considered inappropriate . 
   in 1830 , the first moderate drinking society was started in stockholm . 
  a few decades later , the first fully-fledged temperance organisation was formed . 
  private gain from selling alcohol was strongly criticised by these groups , and this opinion was embraced by doctors and members of the church of sweden . 
  in 1850 , alcohol began to be regulated by the state . 
  in the city of falun , a state organisation was created whose job it was to regulate all alcohol sales in the city and make sure it was being done responsibly . 
   in 1860 , a bar was opened in gothenburg where the state had handpicked the employees and decided how the bar should be run . 
  anti-social or intoxicated people were to be excluded . 
  this was where people both bought and drank their alcohol . 
  this was also the year it became illegal to sell to people under the age of 18 . 
  similar state-regulated bars and stores began to open in other towns across the country , and they were hugely successful . 
  originally the profits were kept privately by the owners , but in 1870 the state decided all profits should go to the state ** tl ; dr : ** drinking was super popular back in the day . 
  pretty much every household distilled their own booze . 
  this used up all the grain , and most men were alcoholics . 
  this situation , together with an influential sobriety/temperance-movement led to alcohol sales being regulated and monopolized by the government . 
  there is an ongoing , low-intensity debate about the monopoly here in sweden . 
  many on the right see it as a nanny-state phenomenon and would prefer a free market , and those on the left generally want to keep it around because they believe privatizing it would result in increased drinking along with the problems that brings . 
  however , since the chain is known for good service and is generally well liked it 's a low-priority issue for most voters , so we keep it around because `` it 's always been that way and why fix it if it ai n't broken ? '', 
  not to mention the risk of the driver promptly going back to bed after checking the thermometer . 
  i do n't understand a lot of things, 
  it appears it 's basically a continuous barrel , like a musket . 
  you use your nose as a firing pin , so there 's no need for a trigger ( or a grip , for some reason ) . 
  pretty ingenious design . 
  i certainly do n't see anything weird about it .
