  when i get rejected . 
  to repeat - something to strive for , not to be currently accepted right now . 
  when supranational states become a thing in the future and all the bugs are worked out , then sure , move wherever you want in the world . 
  but whilst there are still issues at national level with people moving between nation states , it should n't be viewed as a right . 
  it 's something to strive for in future , but in the immediate present it 's not something which is a basic right . 
  it was n't the point to begin with , but at the politics of europe become more interwoven , its inevitable that there must be an economic union . 
  the two go hand in hand once you reach a certain level of political integration . 
  there is no basic ` right ' to emigrate to another country , nor should there be . 
  you 're able to move to another country if you can fulfil the criteria which allows you to contribute sufficiently to that country 's society . 
  we can revisit this in maybe a century or so when nation states may no longer exist , but whilst they do , freedom of movement is not a basic human right . 
  the eu commission knew that greece could n't ever pay off the debts owed to the ecb , yet ca n't forgive the debt ( which would be the right thing to do morally in this case , not impose austerity ) because it would be an admission of a failure of the eurozone . 
  my bad . 
  i can understand anger and even hatred towards the decision taken in the referendum , but no so much towards the country and its people as a whole . 
  as long as you 're still capable of differentiating between the two then it 's cool , 
  no skin off my back , just a passing observation . 
  you 've inferred personal insult where there is none though . 
  jesus , you reallyyyyy hate us , do n't you ? 
  do n't think i 've ever seen you say a remotely positive word about brits ... does it not get tiring being * that * pissed off all the time about something ? 
  go outside for a run or a bike ride or something dude , getting this worked up about us all the time ca n't be good for your health . 
  99.9 % of all irish i 've seen on here are pretty rational and cool-headed . 
  you 're right about that guy though , he 's just a bellend , blinkered by pure hatred . 
  i personally never said that you 're not allowed to criticise people - criticise away . 
  but the guy above you who said `` we have to learn to work as a society and not shift the blame whenever we feel like it '' is n't saying that you ca n't criticise people either , simply that any criticism you make is n't helpful unless it 's constructive criticism . 
  on a technicality , yes it was . 
  obviously european political co-operation and integration began as early as the 1950s , but the eu in its current guise was formed in 1992 . 
   do n't you dare to censor our human right and feelings . 
  jesus christ , who is doing that ??? 
  leaving the eu does n't censor your human rights . 
  in iran in the 1970s , headscarves were n't really worn at all . 
  nowadays it 's enforceable by law . 
  things have changes in the past few decades , there is evidence for it ( not speaking about iran specifically , just the middle east in general ) . 
  my bad , did n't even research it tbh , just made the assumption that france had overtaken us . 
  it 's still better to use total gdp when assessing the overall wealth of a member , rather than gdp per capita or gdp ( ppp ) per capita . 
  in that instance , we would be the 3rd richest member ( and still the 6th richest country in the world ) . 
  it 's pointless to talk about wealth per capita when you 're talking about the overall budget contributions a member state can provide . 
  even when joking , that kind of thing does n't sit well with them lol . 
  you 're honestly deluded if you think that the sole reason whether or not london thrives or survives is whether or not it 's in the eu . 
  uk financial institutions will only need to set up a regulatory and compliance office inside an eu country ( probably frankfurt or dublin ) in order to keep their financial passporting rights . 
  the vast , vast majority of bankers , traders and financial services workers will be staying in london , so not much will change from a financial services perspective . 
  there 's bigger fish to fry in the financial world than just dealing with the eu . 
  london was a financial powerhouse long before the creation of the single market , and will be for many years to come . 
  the foreign exchange market is the largest of all in the financial world ( far larger than all stock markets combined ) and roughly 40 % of all fx transactions take place in london . 
  london wo n't be crippled by brexit ; it 'll potentially be the rest of the country that is . 
  historically , the eu has had fuck all to do with london 's power . 
  majestic . 
  you ca n't just claim revisionist standards . 
  racism is racism . 
  yes , i 'm sure the staff on the independent are a bunch of pussies , but they did n't try and ` spin ' anything in that article to portray him in a bad light , they just quoted facts of history . 
  he obviously achieved some great things , that goes without saying . 
  but those achievements do n't ` hugely outweigh ' his character flaws . 
  obviously using nuance , you have to take the bad with the good . 
  the man had balls of steel and was one of the best wartime leaders ever in charge of a country , in a militaristic sense . 
  does n't change the fact that he was incredibly racist and bigoted . 
  his take on indians : `` i hate indians . 
  they are a beastly people with a beastly religion . '', 
  [ he was a great pm in certain senses , bit of a bigoted cunt in others . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/not-his-finest-hour-the-dark-side-of-winston-churchill-2118317.html ), 
  keep your toys in the pram lad . 
  shit , good catch !, 
  nope . 
  my comment was n't me saying that i dislike neoliberalism , just that i 'd heard that is what macron likes , no ? 
  so potentially a comfortable win in the 2nd round for macron ? 
  then more neoliberalism to come for the next few years . 
  so if any frenchmen want to chime in , it 's likely that macron wins the 2nd round vs. 
  le pen on ~ ~ april ~ ~ may 7th , no ? 
  i think the word you 're looking for is majestic . 
   repent now and accept you are european ** , ** jesus . 
  the importance of grammar , kids . 
  apparently we are now the european son of god !, 
   also the word british is fading from english culture lol - source ? 
  unfortunately the europeans do still use it too lol . 
  i had a conversation about this with someone from greece the other day . 
  i know that now a new name has been proposed by the irish government , but it 'll still take a fair few years for it to catch on with ordinary people . 
  most people , rightly or wrongly , still refer to it as the british isles . 
  i know you want to think of it as a political term , but it 's a geographical one . 
  the romans are the ones that termed it such , roughly 2,000 years ago ; had nothing to do with us wanting to wind up irish people by sticking the name british over ireland . 
  he 's turkish , you numpty ; check the map to see where ` fucked ' is written . 
   i knew that the british education system was shite but i thought atleast ye had a decent grasp on history , turns out i was wrong . 
  the british education system is still ranked top 15 in the world , with ireland being the only country in europe ranked ahead of us . 
  ( also have 5 universities in the world 's top 25 rankings , with all of the rest of europe combined just having 1 ) . 
  oh yeah they 're almost being used interchangeably nowadays and you 're accurate to observe that , but just because people now do it , does n't make them correct to do so . 
  the words are still distinct from each other . 
   in every instance i 've seen it used it was used to describe a candidate who put his popularity over the well being of the country . 
  in other words someone who is more interested in getting elected than helping the country well you 're describing a demagogue there , not a populist . 
  germany does n't have any actual people , does it ? 
  you 're all robots as far as i 'm concerned ; no nation should have a work ethic that strong . 
  love you too bby < 3, 
  still did better than us at the euros , although that was n't hard to be fair . 
  do n't bother trying to convince him , mate . 
  some miserable people can never separate the bad from the good when it comes to their own country . 
  he probably cuts himself in his room whilst listening to rule brittania or god save the queen . 
  ah , have i misread your comment ? 
  my bad . 
   because there is no such thing as mental or psychological abuse ? 
  errr ... yes , there is . 
  as john steinbeck once said of americans : `` socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires '', 
   so your liberals might be closer to our libertarians then ? 
  almost exactly that . 
  a classical liberal ( of which i am one ) is quite close to a libertarian in that we strongly believe in individualism and individual liberties/freedoms , although a key difference is that some classical liberals like myself might support a slightly stronger welfare state in some senses than an american libertarian would . 
  i was reading an article about the catalan president ( carles puigdemont ? ),
