  in some senses , we 've been holding it back from its main goal to integrate further , so i think in the long term , it 's better for the eu also that we leave . 
  i do n't think she cares to be honest , i think she just cares about france and that 's it . 
  i voted for brexit , but i want the eu to grow stronger and prosper as it will be mutually beneficial for the uk as well as europe . 
  huh , well i was unaware of the feeling down there on immigration , but i guess that feelings would be stronger considering how much closer you are to where all of the migrants enter the eu in greece . 
  even the strongest eu supporters have to admit that eu overall policy on immigration has been a disaster . 
  sometimes it 's actually kind of a nice feeling to be on an island with a physical barrier to people coming in ( i know that sounds pretty isolationist , but i still like it that way in a sense ! ), 
  oh wow , that was unexpected . 
  who knows , maybe the uk is just the first domino to fall and potentially other countries now decide to leave . 
  as a side note , were you happy with the election of alexander van der bellen as your president or we 're you pulling for norbert hofer ? 
  i have a half-brother who lives in vienna , so i did a tiny bit of research on the recent election and was surprised to see someone who is so openly far-right on the political spectrum in that part of the world . 
  then again , i guess nothing should surprise me in politics from now on considering brexit and the election of trump haha !, 
   how can i get off this train ? 
  i guess you guys have to have your own referendum haha !, 
  i thought there was overwhelming support for ever-closer-union in central/norther europe though , no ? 
  as a brit ( who voted remain ) , may i ask why you 're so hostile to us all right now ? 
  even though i did want to stay in the eu , all we 've simply done is reject a political project ; we 're not about to physically drift away from europe and we still want to be friends with the other 27 member states !, 
  anything may says about getting a good deal from the eu is not about having our cake and eating it too , she just has to show a strong front for the british people ( even if she does n't personally believe in any of it herself ) . 
  with your mention of a `` complicated '' status , are you implying that it 's impossible to fully leave the eu ? 
  if may has stated that no deal is better than a bad deal , she 's effectively saying that if a deal ca n't be agreed , we 'll revert to wto rules without any access to the single market . 
  in that instance , it 's not possible for any of the remaining 27 member states to vote against this ; we 're leaving regardless of whether or not a deal can be reached , so there will be no ` de facto ' brexit . 
  i think this will be good for you guys in the long-term . 
  i voted remain , but am now starting to drift towards the leave mindset . 
  i do recognise though that for the remaining 27 member states , now that the uk is out , there wo n't be much cock-blocking of legislation that you propose or if you wish to speed up ever-closer-union . 
  why are you so reluctant to believe that this is the working class that causes these things . 
  ever been to magaluf , ayia napa etc. ? 
  not a middle class person in sight . 
  that 's mega cheap in the uk . 
  some places in london you 'd get a standard lager for about 8 or 9 euros . 
  edit : although i should state that london prices are n't really representative of the uk as a whole ; some places in the north of england and also scotland can actually be extremely reasonable . 
  it 's the south east ( where i live ) and london which are the dearest by far . 
   when do people in the uk actually really get mad ? 
  never !, 
  ` tis all sunshine and daisies over here my friend . 
  could you elaborate on why it 's a bad offer ? 
  i have n't read too much into it yet . 
  now that we 've made the offer , i doubt we 'd rescind it if only a couple of member states do n't accept it . 
  i think most would be happy to reciprocate though , as there are n't actually that many uk citizens spread around europe , relative to how many eu citizens there are in the uk . 
  took her long enough . 
  the right thing has been done in the end though . 
  ` tis all good . 
  if there 's one thing we can all agree on in this sub , it 's that the uk government are a bunch of cunts . 
  love you too baby < 3, 
  you lads are getting too big for your boots down there , we let you have a bit of a sing song with us in eurovision , but you ca n't join the union damnit :p, 
  listen to the downvotes , mate . 
  if you had good banter , you 'd be getting upvoted in these threads ... 
  yeah do n't blame you all , london is pretty awesome . 
  only live about 1 hour train ride away and am hoping to move there by the end of next year . 
  the rest of the uk might take more of a financial hit after brexit , but london is pretty well placed to weather the storm . 
   lol ok . dude , compared to germany , france or the uk our economic situation sucks . 
  do n't worry dude , brexit might make us about even :p, 
  just because everything you 've said is accurate , does n't make his statement wrong . 
  well you 're a strange person then . 
  yup . 
  i 've been to a fair few european cities too and have loved all of them , but still have n't found any that i 'd rather live in than london ( i 'm only a 1 hour and 10 minute train ride away from it lol ) . 
  sure , every sector will . 
  those knocks are n't going to be catastrophic for the most part though . 
  i 'm currently studying corporate finance at the moment and their are still fuckloads of jobs available in that sector , and financial services in general . 
  last year we had 5 universities ranked in the top 25 of the world ( continental europe had a combined total of 0 ) . 
  our universities are still much better than most on the continent , the only shit thing about them is the extremely high fees . 
  our tabloid papers do n't represent us . 
  they just spew the crap that murdoch tells them to . 
   `` it 's not like we need them , or anything '' that , combined with / s , means that you 're suggesting that i do n't think we need them . 
  you 're using whoosh in the wrong context - sarcasm ca n't go over my head if you literally put / s after the comment ( which your citizenship should be revoked for by the way ; we 're british , sarcasm is always implied ) . 
  on to the actual point though , your comment is clearly suggesting that you think my comment is saying we do n't need nurses . 
  i 'm saying that we do , just that it 's not worthy of the salaries which some people suggest for that profession . 
  it 's like when people say `` hurr durr , why do footballers get paid so much !? 
  that money should be going to doctors , nurses , soldiers etc. ! '', 
  paying government employees too high of a wage will result in costing problems . 
  i 'm not saying drop their wages or anything , just to simply keep the wages as they currently are . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  where did i say we did n't need them ? 
  nursing is n't really a profession that should be that high paid though . 
  if you pay them too much in a system which is fully socialised , then you 're going to run into problems pretty quickly . 
  lol , remember seeing that beauty on r/uk or r/ukpolitics, 
  may ran a fucking horrendous campaign . 
  nothing but platitudes on top of platitudes with a side serving or more platitudes . 
  ca n't believe the thought of voting tory seriously crossed my mind ( ended up voting lib dem ) . 
  your link shows everything in gdp by ppp ; i think that he is referring to us overtaking you in nominal/total gdp , not gdp by ppp . 
  not the worst thing to be known for dude !, 
  been to croatia twice ( first time to split , pag and bol , second time for a music festival on novalja ) and i can honestly say the best thing about your country is the people , 
  nope . 
  i 'm personally against lowering the voting age for general elections , but i think 16 year olds should 've been given the chance go vote in the referendum ( as they were in the scottish independence referendum in 2014 ) . 
  * 52 % of the eligible electorate . 
  in absolute terms it 's only around ~ 28 % of the uk . 
  vast majority of them are economic migrants who reached safe countries long ago . 
  according to the un , they should attempt to seek asylum in the first safe country they reach . 
  but it should n't be a right ; as i said below , if i attempt to move to australia or some other country as a low skilled person and get rejected , i ca n't turn round and claim that my rights are being infringed . 
  you said everyone had the right to move for work or love or whatever ; no , they had the ** privilege ** . 
  a privilege that should definitely be attempted in future for sure , but not whilst nation states exist . 
  in terms of rights , it 's now deemed a basic right to have internet access in the world considering how ubiquitous computers are now . 
  but if , in the mid-1990s people tried to claim that internet access is a basic right , they 'd have been laughed at . 
  honestly my point was one of semantics ; see my argument with crocpb below . 
  hey , i 'm still in agreement that it 'll work eventually . 
  whether people agree with it or not , supranational states are the way of the future , inevitably . 
  if the eu fails , something similar will take its place . 
  i do feel as though things are being rushed though , and that nation states are going to exist for a long time before true integration can take place . 
  my original response though was to a guy who said his rights were being taken away due to brexit ; my only point was really that no actual rights have been taken away . 
  edit : it was really about semantics , not whether or not fom has been a success or not . 
  again , i 'm not saying it should never be viewed as a right in future , just whilst nation states still exist . 
  i ca n't just apply to go live in australia if i had no skills to bring with me and cry `` but muh human rights !!! '',
