  it 's just a line to make processing easier because you 're a citizen of the same organisation . 
  i mean , i 'm a leave supporter , but the eu [ most certainly does have a gdp ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union ) . 
  gdps are not exclusive to nation states . 
  it was always understood by most reasonable brexiters to be fair . 
  you 'd have to be deluded to expect full , frictionless access to the single market without somewhat accepting the four freedoms . 
  calling the referendum was the right thing to do , no matter how divisive it became . 
  opinion polls from a year or two before the referendum was announced show that a majority of people wanted one . 
  he only decided to put it in the conservative party 's manifesto because there was a threat that ukip might siphon off tory votes if that promise was n't made . 
  legally , yes . 
  morally , no . 
  david cameron said before the vote that the government would enact the result following the vote ; if he did n't say this , he might 've had more wiggle room to work with and maybe they could 've ignored the result . 
  but once he promised the british people that the government would honour the result , his bed was made . 
  we can agree that it was a mistake that 50 % +1 was enough to win , but now that the vote has been held , we ca n't go back on it just because a supermajority should have been required . 
  we 're definitely going to be making a large payment at some point , but i highly doubt it 'll be the full 60 billion euros that 's been suggested . 
  yup ; if you get rejected twice , try a third time . 
  if you get rejected a third , fourth , fifth time etc. 
  then you have no choice but to seek asylum somewhere else . 
  i wish we could take all of these people and re-settle them somewhere peaceful , but in the real world it just is n't possible to take 100 % of applicants . 
  bit of an overreaction if you ask me, 
  of course we wanted to restrict it , but you 've conflated that with us supposedly not wanting to travel to the continent and vice-versa . 
  that is simply not true ; many mainland europeans will continue to be welcomed by our country , but the number is just going to be smaller , that is all . 
  including transcontinental countries ( e.g. 
  turkey , russia ) , europe consists of 51 countries , whilst the eu has 28 , soon to be 27 . 
  sure , that is a majority of european countries technically , but there are still many european countries not in the eu . 
  a hit of 2.9 billion pounds to the economy is still nowhere near enough to knock london off its perch as the centre of the financial world . 
  ok i 'll admit relative nuisance was a bit of a stretch , but i was intending to emphasise that the reason for london being the centre of the financial world is not because of the single market . 
  whether the uk will suffer remains to be seen , but london will prosper whatever occurs . 
  its financial might has historically had nothing to do with access to the single market , considering that the single market is a relatively recent invention . 
  london is responsible for roughly 60 % of the world 's foreign exchange market , which is by far the biggest financial market on the planet , far , far bigger than all world stock markets combined . 
  brexit is a relative nuisance for london , even if it 's a worry for ruk . 
  that 's what she said ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ sorry, 
  the guy on the left in picture number 10 just looks like he 's there for a fun day out in the sunshine , probably has no clue what 's going on around him . 
  whatever the reason for it , they 're still first world countries . 
  you asked for some , and some were named ; not sure why you feel the need to debunk the reasons why they 're first world ? 
  you do n't know my positions on the eu because i did n't reveal them with my comment . 
  i just pointed out the difference between a geographical location and a political organisation . 
  you 're extrapolating beyond what i 've written . 
  edit : p.s. 
  i voted remain in the referendum , although i 've slowly drifted towards the leave mindset in the last few months , although i still recognise the good the eu has done . 
  just because you see a uk flag on someone 's flair , do n't just assume that they despise the eu and will start spouting bigoted shit . 
  wow ... very mature . 
  bro , how could you forget our kiwi mates in nz ? 
  the eu is a political organisation , europe is a geographical location . 
  how many times must this be pointed out on this sub ? 
  i know you wished the two were the same thing , but they are not . 
  whilst this is n't exactly the same , [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/845727426302918656 ) poll shows that brits are more than comfortable with the decision that was made . 
  polls show , unexpectedly in my view , that if the referendum were re-done , leave might actually win with a bigger margin than before . 
  london was ( and still is ) responsible for over 60 % of the world 's foreign exchange market before the creation of the eu , which is by far the largest financial market in the world ( much bigger than any one stock market ) . 
  access to the single market has historically had fuck all to do with london 's financial might , considering the single market has only existed for roughly 2 decades , but london has been a powerhouse for centuries . 
  an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth ... 
  which sub is this you 're talking about ? 
  ` passive aggressive kingdom ' - fuckin ' nailed it, 
  tl ; dr - the uk was pretty terrible in its imperialist days . 
  tell us something we do n't know . 
  hatewanking over an entire country must be fun, 
  hsbc is keeping its world hq in london , it 's just planning to set up a new , separate eu hq . 
  this 'll be the same with most banks that want access to countries which are in the single marker . 
  but no chance any of them fully leave london , as it is responsible for literally over half of the entire world foreign exchange market . 
  you 've written that under the assumption that the viewpoints of young people on the eu will stay the same over time , which is not necessarily the case . 
  i was very much pro-eu a couple of years ago , now i 'm on the fence . 
  well , how rude . 
  can we have some of your maple syrup please guys ? 
  i guess we can chuck in freedom of movement to the uk as part of the package , just so we can wind up mainland europeans haha, 
  jesus , we did n't just become some third world shithole after june 24th . 
  other than the nordic countries and germany and france , we 've always been one of the most attractive places to live . 
  just above there are swedes and slovakians complaining too , we 're not alone !, 
  most of the swedes i 've seen on here are pretty anti-eu to be honest , it 's surprising really !, 
  i 'm just happy we 're not alone haha . 
  fair enough if you 're speaking from a mainland perspective , but no one who 's actually from the uk should be wishing for it . 
  it really was n't clear at all . 
  but why ? 
  no citizen of a country should want an economic meltdown just to say , `` see , i told you so ! '' . 
  you should be hoping for the best but prepared for the worst . 
   ( and lame food ) well , how dare yo ... actually that 's fair enough to be honest . 
  it 's not , but there is n't much possibility of an eu army unless nato does actually become obsolete , so they 're thinking that if they repeat it enough , it might eventually come true . 
  nato is far from obsolete, 
  let me guess ... in favour of an eu army ? 
  get your shit together central europe, 
  so far i 've counted 2 people who are unashamedly proud of the empire ; where do you get the thread being ` entirely composed ' of these people ? 
  i 've only seen one person who has n't taken a nuanced position ( albeit they 're the 2nd highest most upvoted person in the thread ) , and even then i 'm pretty sure he 's being sarcastic , considering then title of this post . 
  doubt he 's actually saying 5 of the ` worst atrocities carried out by the british ' are a great thing . 
  i do n't think he 's ever heard of the word nuance before . 
  hence why i said if we could go back and undo it all we would , even if it meant we did n't have as much progress in the world . 
  all we can do is condemn the horrendous actions that were committed and praise some of the good parts e.g. 
  massive advances in medicine . 
  beyond condemnation , there 's nothing else we as modern british people can actually do . 
  you think there are brits in this thread that truly believe the events in that picture were a good thing , and that there were no issues with imperialism and that we all love empire as it was ? 
  which is a good thing as that level of infrastructure improvement greatly helped germany . 
  if we could go back in time as a people and stop imperialism even if it meant not having as much progress in the world , i 'm sure we 'd all do it , so that people all over the world did n't have to suffer at the hands of our ancestors . 
  but in the real world , we ca n't do that so we have to take the good with the bad . 
  it is possible for an empire to have good and bad parts to it . 
  we committed many atrocities , but also did many great things for science , literature etc. 
  the romans were pretty fucking barbaric but they contributed a great deal to progress in the few hundred years following their demise . 
  he 's french mate , of course he is :p, 
  see that 's where we also differ ; i feel you should have the freedom to say such a thing at your workplace without getting fired . 
  it 's just an opinion , no matter how messed up at is . 
  if some random dude said it at his office , he 'd probably be shunned by all the female employees in that office ; i still do n't think he should be fired for it though , however wrong it is to say . 
  in my book , yes . 
  i 'm a big fan of the 1st amendment in the us constitution and believe we should have the same in the uk ; all of those viewpoints that you 've listed are beyond reprehensible , but they 'd be allowed under the 1st amendment , and i 'm in full agreement with that . 
  the only time someone should be prosecuted for the words that come out of their mouth is if they are making violent threats or are intentionally intimidating someone with both their words and negative body language , otherwise it should be left as a society for us to collectively vilify someone 's speech , but not for them to be prevented from saying fucked up things .
