  i effectively said it 's not a fundamental right . 
  sure it 's mutually beneficial in an economic sense and i 'm not against immigration by any means , but there 's nothing wrong with only wanting the best and brightest from other countries whilst putting a cap on the amount of everyone else who can come . 
  we need immigration in certain areas to plug skill gaps , but if there 's too much immigration then there 's a strain on public services and it 'll drive wages down ; if there 's too little immigration , our economy will pretty much collapse and the nhs would be completely fucked . 
  free movement of people is a nice concept in theory but it 's not sustainable in the real world . 
  i 'm aware that most of our immigration comes from outside the eu , but if we have ~ 300,000 net immigration every year ( basically the same as creating a new city with the population of birmingham every year ) coming to a country which already has quite a high population density compared to the rest of western europe , then you need to reduce that number any way you can in order to keep immigration sustainable . 
  keeping freedom of movement as a right for all eu citizens does n't allow us to reduce that number in any way . 
   this just smacks of `` i did n't take advantage of it , and fuck everyone else who did they must be weird anyway '' . 
  i 'm currently studying corporate finance , but i do n't yet have a qualification so it 's absolutely right that i should n't be allowed to move to a country where i 'd not yet be able to find a job in that field . 
  emigration is a privilege afforded to you by your potential future host country based on the skills you can bring to contribute to their society ; it is in no way whatsover a right which is based simply on your country of birth ( which is highly discriminatory against people from outside the eu ) . 
  any normal country outside the eu has the right to reject low-skilled economic migrants if they 're unable to contribute to the level that is required . 
  if you want to move anywhere in the world badly enough , you 'll put in the hard graft to make it happen . 
  us leaving the eu does n't stop people moving to european countries , it just makes it slightly more difficult . 
  people with skills to bring will be welcomed to any country in the world . 
  sure , the guy is a moron . 
  but anything he 's enacted by executive order can also be undone by executive order . 
  the only long term issue america ( well , american liberals ) will really have to deal with is the fact that he has just nominated a very socially conservative judge to the supreme court , which is a worry to many liberals who are pro-choice etc. 
  as supreme court judges serve life-long terms . 
  true , but trump can only serve a maximum of two terms , which is 8 years ( presuming he even gets re-elected ) . 
  so europe did n't exist until 1993 then ? 
  great addition to the discussion right here . 
  i get that this debate brings out passion and emotion on both sides , but does n't make it factually correct to say that europe = the eu . 
  europe is a continent , not a political organisation . 
   populism \u02c8p\u0252pj\u028al\u026az ( \u0259 ) m / * noun * : support for the concerns of ordinary people . 
  populism has nothing to do with one 's political leanings/preferences . 
  it is simply the belief that the elite level politicians are not giving a fair deal to ordinary , working class people . 
  you can be a communist populist , you can be a fascist populist , you can be a centrist populist . 
  i was well aware that he 's a social democrat , but what side of the political spectrum he 's on is irrelevant . 
  well obviously . 
  #nobrakes edit : guess the meme has run its course then ... 
  why ? 
  the french are awesome and they invented so many great things in modern history . 
  i 'm not arguing that with you ; i 'm a bernie fan and not too fond of farage . 
  i 'm just saying that populism is not and has never been an exclusively right wing thing . 
  farage = bad populist , bernie = good populist , but a populist nonetheless . 
  both left wingers and right wingers can be populist ; populism is n't solely a right wing characteristic . 
  bernie sanders is a self confessed populist . 
  farage has said that the ` little , ordinary people ' of the uk are being screwed over by eu bureaucrats , whilst bernie says that the american people are being screwed over by wall street and large corporations . 
  both are populists , they 're just on different sides of the political spectrum . 
  bernie sanders is a populist ; is he a fascist then ? 
  we can agree on that , got to settle the tab before you leave the bar . 
  so , because we 've decided against staying with a political project that is clearly on a pathway to federalisation in the future , you think that we 've burnt all bridges and good will with our neighbours and so we 'll never be friends or allies again ? 
  that is in no-ones interests . 
  he mentioned that we should bring back caning and you could n't tell that was sarcasm ? 
  an / s was n't really needed ... 
  polan stronk !, 
  well i concede that it 's not really possible to have an internal market without freedom of movement of labour , but although i was n't alive at the time , i 'd have been quite happy with the deal we had when we joined the eec as a customs union in 1973 . 
  i am opposed to freedom of movement in general though because i do believe that emigration should be a privilege afforded to you by your future host country based on the skills you can bring to contribute to their society ; i do n't believe it should be a right in any sense whatsoever , especially not simply based on which country you 're born in . 
   maybe there could be a hung parliament , thereby making brexit impossible . 
  although i 'm traditionally a labour voter , they 're so incompetent at the moment that they 're incapable of providing a proper opposition to the tories . 
  with the way that our first past the post voting system works , the liberal democrats and ukip might get a sizeable chunk of the vote , but that wo n't translate into many seats in the house of parliament . 
   the fact that i can no longer settle in another european country yes you can , just get a job lined up and you 're golden . 
  it 's obviously going to become more difficult , but not impossible . 
  where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  my gripe with the eu is an ideological one , not a practical one ; i accept that life will be ( slightly ) financially worse in the next 5-10 years . 
  i 'm just fully opposed to a supranational organisation such as the eu in a political sense , but the economic side of it is awesome , just a shame that we ca n't cherry pick to stay in the single market . 
  rules are rules though , and i 'm very comfortable accepting the predicted 5-10 % of total gdp decrease for the country in the next few years if it means that we 're no longer compliant with legislation that does n't come from westminster . 
  well it 's irrelevant ; if the incumbent government failed to trigger article 50 , the public would just vote them out at the next general election and install a government that runs on a manifesto where they 'll guarantee the triggering of article 50 . 
  if the tories decide not to trigger it themselves , they 're just delaying the inevitable . 
  fair enough about european ones , [ but there are no hate-speech laws in the usa ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/05/07/no-theres-no-hate-speech-exception-to-the-first-amendment/?utm_term=.f7d90f328666 ) ; people are protected against the first amendment to say literally whatever they want , no matter how incendiary . 
  i believe he is referencing your hate-speech laws , which you can of course go to jail for . 
  i guess he 's saying that said hate-speech = free speech ( although he is correct if he 's coming from an american perspective ) . 
  every time i 've seen you posting on this sub recently , you 're being so antagonistic ; what gives ? 
  i have , my comment was just in jest , i doubt we 'd actually have many full on communists on reddit as a whole , let alone r/europe . 
  would that put you at the communist end of the political spectrum then ? 
  you are correct , however it just so happens that the sub is pretty left-leaning anyway . 
  well every country has their bigots and xenophobes , the vote to leave just brought all of ours crawling out the woodworks . 
  my bad , my sarcasm detector was n't working, 
  there were myriad reasons to want to leave the eu , not just immigration . 
  nutella is average at best . 
   taking back control from those evil dirty europeans who has been calling continental europeans evil ? 
  some people might disagree with the concept of the eu , does n't mean they think that continentals are evil . 
  we still love you all , just want a different path , that 's all , 
  pretty sure the final is going to be played at wembley !, 
  why the hostility ? 
  we 're here for rational , well thought-out debates , not to lash out emotionally at people we disagree with . 
  of all the forts posted recently , this is by far the most beautiful . 
   but why ca n't you understand that it 's obnoxious when your rhetoric basically revolves around `` we are better than you '' i was just defending the uk against the premise that we `` are becoming so fucking stupid '' , no more , no less . 
  anything else is an extrapolation on your part . 
   you say there is , literally , hate against the uk crippling the sub when it 's simply not true , there is no hate involved read all of my previous comments on this sub , i have never said anything along these lines ; you must be thinking of someone else , so literally all points after that statement are moot ( everything you wrote about in the last paragraph basically ) . 
  edit :  why is it that whatever the topic discussed about britain there will always be a briton clinging to rankings , quoting rankings , pounding rankings like they were unleashing dogs ? 
  well , quoting statistics , tables , facts etc. 
  is the basis of a good argument ; arguing on anything else is arguing on emotion , which this sub is all to quick to do sometimes . 
  so people from this country , where we have 5 universities in the world 's top 25 rankings and have our education ranked 11th in the world ( higher than all other european countries bar ireland ) are becoming stupid ? 
  forgive my lack of knowledge on this , but it was my understanding that eu nationals would only be able to secure their right to remain in the country once negotiations had begun between the eu and uk , as the uk would also ( presumably ) be requesting the same rights for uk nationals to remain in their respective eu countries ? 
  ( could just be talking out my backside here , though ... ), 
  and farewell to you too , lovely slovaks . 
   but somehow the uk ended up being far poorer than the us . 
  well we were never even close to on par in terms of our economies since ww1 and the beginning of the end for our empire , so we were always far poorer since then . 
  after ww2 ended , we were in so much debt due to the war being on our doorstep , we were and are in debt to the usa so much that it may be impossible to ever pay it back . 
  however , we would still be classed as the big brother in your analogy as we 're the much older and historically more important country until the beginning of the 20th century . 
  if we ever ` tried to copy the us ' it was because we had no choice due to being indebted to them and so having to follow their will . 
   that 's not a contradiction . 
  the uk is more insignificant than ever before , that 's why the country is desperate and weak . 
  well , we 're still the world 's 5th or 6th largest economy as it stands , and the fastest growing economy of any g7 country . 
  we 've all accepted that over the next 15-20 years , we 'll be taking a 5-10 % drop in gdp ( as predicted by the imf etc. ), 
  but that is just the price we 've accepted that we 're paying for re-gaining sovereignty of our borders and laws . 
   the point is that the uk is seeking trade deal out of a position of weakness . 
  well any bilateral trade agreements are two-way streets ; one country may hold a stronger hand , but it 's mutually beneficial for both countries to get something of value from the other . 
   that 's a pretty ignorant statement . 
  a lot of intellectuals are centrists or left leaning so it 's kind of obvious that they are n't supporting nationalism .
