  bigoted speech should still be classed under free speech . 
  it 's pretty fucked up , but he should still be allowed his say unimpeded . 
  and then all others in parliament should have rightly vilified him for it . 
  in fairness , there 's no way we could 've left if we did n't bitch and moan . 
  if everything was nice and calm and not in the least bit polarising , the status quo would 've been resumed . 
  no chance they join schengen whilst they share a border with northern ireland . 
  the only way it happens is if both countries use the good friday agreement and vote to unify as one country , which is unlikely to ever happen really , at least not for a long while . 
  if the eu had federalised and then we had the brexit vote after that , i imagine the percentage would increase to like 80 % leave lol, 
  no way the hoc keeps this amendment in ; it 'll be removed and then sent straight back , the lords will pass the bill as is and then the process will have been delayed for nothing . 
  i agree that people should n't be used as bargaining chips , but that 's the reality of the situation we 're in ; no promises or guarantees should be made from either side before a50 is triggered . 
  german humour : it 's no laughing matter, 
  yes , it really is just race/ethnicity . 
  if someone is discriminating against someone of the same colour but of a different country/culture , then that is xenophobia . 
  bigoted either way , but still distinct from each other . 
  may i ask which country you 're from ? 
  just trying to understand why you might have such a problem with the brits on this sub ( i can assure you , for every brexit supporting brit you find in this place , there are another 4 or 5 who supported remaining in the eu ) . 
  bravo , old chap , 
   threads like this really exploit how fucking ridiculous and conniving ( or just really gullible ? ), 
  euroskeptics are . 
  so ignoring all of your following points and focusing on just this sentence , do you see euro-skepticism as an unacceptable viewpoint ? 
  it might be wrong in some instances , and maybe this particular article could be seen as somewhat of a witch hunt , but there are valid reasons to be a euro-skeptic . 
  yeah , the 90s were n't a fun time for us in rugby or cricket . 
  now though , we 're half decent !, 
  ( sometimes . . ), 
  yep , we 're in agreement there . 
  being half in , half out , with loads of opt-outs is n't really a proper commitment . 
  i 'm gutted that we 're leaving the single market , because the eu from an economic standpoint has always made sense and has greatly benefited us since we joined , but i 've never really been on board with the rest of the political project . 
  hell , even in sport . 
  even though we lose more often than not , it 's still fun watching us smash sixes past each other at lords or the mcg . 
   people in america read american newspapers , people in britain read british newspapers . 
  share culture ? 
  guy , have you ever been to america ? 
  try to compare it with british culture and come back to me . 
  just because they 're not exactly the same , does n't mean there are n't any similarities . 
   canada rather explicitly values its relationship with europe more highly than its relationship with the uk ( partly because they share equally strong links with france ) , and uk trade with oceania is tiny compared to , say , trade with ireland ( australia is the uk 's 20th largest export market , and 36th largest import market , nz is even further down ) . 
  oh you 're 100 % correct from an economic standpoint , but i think his point was more from a cultural one though , pretty much in a sentimental sense as you said at the start . 
  i mean , our queen is still their head of state ( or de facto head of state ) and they surprisingly do n't mind it still ; i thought they 'd have wanted the queen gone as head of state long ago lol . 
  would i be correct in assuming that you wanted brexit so that further integration of the remaining 27 member states has an easier pathway ? 
  i guess if i were a mainland european , that 'd be desirable for me . 
  yeah i think the only countries which are staunchly pro-eu are the benelux countries and france and germany . 
  everywhere else in europe seems to have mixed opinions , which in my opinion makes for better debate as dissenting opinions are n't instantly shouted down . 
  which country are you from where not many people care about the eu ? 
  so ... because any so-called ` feelings ' are not based in reality , whatever someone 's opinion on the topic , it 's irrelevant ? 
  the downvote button is for comments that do n't contribute to the debate , not for people who you disagree with ... 
  so you think there are zero problems that come with large scale immigration from countries with different cultures to us ? 
  great britain is a geographical term , in the sense of great meaning large or big ; it has nothing to do with our opinion of our country . 
  if there is no problem , then why is it such a widely talked about topic ? 
  could it be that immigrants from countries with different cultural standards have trouble integrating into their new communities when they get to europe ? 
  ( obviously not all , but a sizeable proportion ) . 
  their job is to effectively advise a business on its long-term financial strategy and to grow the business through mergers and acquisitions of other companies ; sure , there are plenty of corrupt large financial institutions with investment banking divisions , does n't mean that investment banking is inherently useless or corrupt . 
   forced my ass . 
  enjoy negotiating trade deals with china , the usa , and india by yourselves without the power of the eu bloc . 
  first past the post is a shit system , but that one thing does n't automatically make us less democratic ; there are many facets to a democratic nation . 
  i think he means that specifically just northern ireland did n't cause it ; the u.k. as a whole did . 
  lol , we 're less democratic than countries such as romania ? 
  just because we 're a constitutional monarchy , does n't make us un-democratic . 
  in the uk , probably [ this from a funeral in bedfordshire ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03377/potd-darth_3377242k.jpg ) , [ this from newport , wales ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03397/potd-caravan_3397932k.jpg ) or [ this policeman thinking this is a viable vehicle to enforce the law ] ( http://andthenthefunbegan.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/funny-police-car.jpg ), 
  oh yeah , i was fully aware of the possibility , as alluded to in my original reply to u/the _ seraphim . 
  however , i think the difference between possible scottish secession and possible catalonian secession is that westminster would make it much less difficult on scotland than madrid would for catalonia when it comes to eu membership . 
  yeah i guess that 's true . 
  i 'm sure most of the other eu countries would look in a positive light on a territory 's right to self-determination if there 's at least a somewhat valid claim to independence ( would just like to stress that i 'm mostly indifferent on it myself , but they should probably be given a referendum at some point ) . 
  one problem raised is , if catalonia wanted to join the eu , could spain not continuously veto their application for membership ? 
  i assume that most of the people would value their eu citizenship just ( or almost ) as highly as their citizenship of catalonia . 
  ok , but good enough to claim the rank of superior to the other . 
  i feel like in the future , we both need to create some artificial land territories in the middle of nowhere ( like the middle of the pacific ocean ) , then have a nuke fight against each other . 
  if you know even the basics of british and irish history since the 1600s , you 'd know that they would n't have wanted those civilising influences if it meant that they remained autonomous and self-governing . 
  it 's not difficult to see that we did more harm than good overall ; the irish potato famine was n't * that * bad in and of itself , but it was greatly exacerbated because of the british government 's half-assed response . 
  yeah , guess you would n't have been aware that around 10-15 years ago , that the people of gibraltar voted by ~ 99 % to ~ 1 % to remain under uk sovereignty . 
  those people view themselves as fiercely proud to be british , probably more so that the average mainland brit . 
  i mean , i enjoy winding up the irish as much as anyone , but you 're playing with fire a bit with that statement you just made ... 
   neither has enough superiority to claim that rank . 
  err , yes . 
  yes we do . 
  obviously the combined navies of the other 27 member states would crush the uk navy if they all joined forces against us , but in terms of the 27 countries ' individual navies ? 
  uk is comfortably ahead of them all , including france . 
  the thing is , as of 2015 , we only spent roughly # 4.6 billion more than france on total military expenditure ( which in the grand scheme of things , is n't really that much of a difference ) . 
  however , we 've always spent a much larger percentage of that money on our navy ( what with us being an island and all ) . 
  it 's not a * drastically * better navy than france 's , but better it is . 
  he is absolutely correct though ; specialist care in the usa is honestly far ahead of anywhere else in the world . 
  the reason that the nhs ( or european equivalents ) is so awesome , is because of the preventative care provided to literally everyone in our country in order to ensure that serious health conditions do n't develop further down the line . 
  now if someone did develop a serious condition in the uk ( e.g. 
  cancer ) then they would have longer wait times for an appointment and the doctor treating you would have nowhere near the quality of treatment options , machinery etc. 
  available to them in comparison to the usa [ ( a small example of this is the fact that the us , a country with ~ 330 million people compared to the ~ 65 million in the uk , has access to 38.96 mri machines per million people , whilst the uk has only 6.16 per million people ) ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/282401/density-of-magnetic-resonance-imaging-units-by-country/ ) . 
  i much prefer the nhs to the american system for the overall experience we get ( and we all get access to it whereas tens of millions of people in the usa are unable to access care , hence why they 're always placed quite low in world healthcare rankings ) but if i were to fall seriously or even terminally ill and i had big bucks in my bank account , i 'd rather be treated there than anywhere else on the planet . 
  there should be a condition for protection ; no country just does something out of the kindness of their hearts . 
  members of a club/alliance need to pull their weight relative to how much they 're able to contribute . 
  that 's why the figure is set as a percentage of gdp , not as an absolute figure . 
  and the pledge to reach it by 2024 is just a re-affirmation of the figure that was set all the way back in 2006 ; if poland , estonia and greece can do it within 10/11 years , so can other countries . 
  there are very few acceptable reasons as to why certain countries have n't been able to budget around this . 
  nato commitments should be questioned , the us is correct to do so . 
  this sub constantly re-affirms the notion that if you do n't agree to the terms of a club , then you do n't get the perks of membership ( e.g. 
  access to the single market without accepting the 4 freedoms ) . 
  well if you have n't been earmarking ~ 2 % of your total gdp towards the nato budget , you should n't get the protection of it . 
   why should we care about britain ? 
  well international co-operation is still going to be required . 
  it 's not as if we 're going to leave the eu and then never speak to its remaining members again like a pouty teenage girl . 
  there 's an oft-quoted statistic that bill maher uses on his show when he talks about religion ; he says that apparently 60 % of people when polled believe that the noah 's ark story is literally true . 
  now i personally do n't believe that the number is that high , but it 's still probably tens of millions of americans that do believe it . 
  beggars belief in this day and age . 
  where did i say it 's not natural ?
