oh yeah cool , i 'll get right on that mate ; changing the media of an entire country should be a piece of cake !, 
  nah i was only born last year and with advances in science i 'd like to think i can make it to 84 years old by then . 
  again , i 'm not trying to argue with you , just telling you that it 's a point of amusement for me . 
  oh of course , i was n't personally refuting that . 
  my point was just that 's it 's funny that no-one else in europe seems to be with you on this . 
  honestly , i love ireland and its people ( used to go on holiday to county kerry every year when i was younger ) and i 'm very much ashamed of the uk-irish history over the past 400 years and fully comprehended why you 'd want to dissociate yourself from any terms including the word british in them . 
  having said all that , it amuses me no end seeing irish people react to other people calling them part of the british isles . 
  you 're fighting a losing battle my friend ; it seems you guys are literally the only ones on the continent to refute the naming of this group of islands . 
  including transcontinental countries ( e.g. 
  russia , turkey ) there are 51 countries in europe . 
  there are 28 countries in the eu ( soon to be 27 ) . 
  i know it 's easy to conflate the two when you 're passionate about the political project , but europe = / = eu . 
  to say it does removes ~ 240 million people from the picture . 
  so why do n't you direct your hatred towards our media and not our people ? 
  if a country 's media was an accurate representation of its people then all countries in the world would pretty much despise each other . 
  it was n't a direct threat towards spain , it was a generic platitude aimed towards the people of gibraltar to let them know that the uk government will protect gibraltar from any perceived threats , not just specific ones at this time . 
  you sound like you 'd be fun at parties . 
  he 'll never be able to beat terry wogan 's commentary though . 
  as a british citizen , that does n't sound fun to me at all . 
   in reality quite a few of these states ( or at least the people ) are more liberal and open-minded than western countries like russia that may be true of a very few select states , but that 's not saying much . 
  being ` more liberal and open-minded ' than russia means there 's still a lot of scope in there for being pretty bigoted too . 
  islamism is obviously the most extreme version of islam and includes the people in the world who follow the quran most literally and intend to do harm to others , because the quran and the hadith both tell them that infidels and non-believers should be killed . 
  however , you seriously underestimate the proportion of muslims who , whilst they would n't carry out certain acts that the islamists would , they do approve of the acts . 
  there was a poll done a few years ago in the uk which asked muslims about homosexuality and over 50 % ( it may have been in the region of 51-55 % ) said that not only should gay marriage be outlawed , but simply being gay should be illegal . 
  these people obviously are n't going to go around the uk beating up and intimidating gay people ; they 'd probably be fine if they saw them in the street . 
  but it does n't make their beliefs any less pernicious . 
  the greatest trick that islam ever pulled off in modern times is to convince people that the bad trains of thought are only held by a select few of the 1.4 billion muslims in the world . 
  in reality , tens of millions ( if not hundreds of millions ) think homosexuality is a sin , think that adultery is a crime punishable by death ( usually stoning in many middle eastern countries ) and think that depicting the profit muhammad should be punishable . 
  in a liberal , progressive western world , mockery of religion and religious figures ( or mockery of anything really ) is a cornerstone of a free speech society . 
  when cartoonists draw a picture of the profit muhammad though , a large proportion of the muslim world would not carry out attacks on the cartoonists , but would approve of them being punished in some form . 
  it is a strawman , but he 's not wrong about the general treatment of gay people in muslim majority countries . 
  try and be openly gay in jordan , lebanon and indonesia and you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  legislation is only part of the discrimination , it 's really more to do with the cultures more than anything else . 
  they 're as backwards as some of the gulf states when it comes to certain laws . 
  semantics are important here . 
  he did n't reinstate it . 
  holy mental gymnastics batman ... edit : p.s. 
  it 's supremacist . 
  the eu in its current form has only existed for a little over 24 years . 
  no , they did n't . 
  it was n't a threat . 
  it was a platitude towards the people of gibraltar to let them know that the uk government will protect them from anyone in the world , not a specific threat aimed at spain . 
  that was n't a real threat though . 
  you ca n't seriously believe that the uk government would threaten an ally like spain with a war . 
  jesus , it was clearly a joke . 
  a federal europe would n't work with vetoes though . 
  no decisions could really be made on an eu-wide basis if there were countries or provinces constantly voting shit down . 
  the whole point of federalisation is to make the big decisions from a centralised government . 
  all us states have many varied laws and rights of their own , but when it comes to federal issues like the military , no us state has a veto on the decisions of the federal government . 
  well i do n't think the uk tried to hide it all that much . 
  our economy was fucked in the 70s and so we hopped on the gravy-train to improve it . 
  now that things are much better , we 're hopping off . 
  the uk government has acted quite selfishly in that respect , but if no-one in europe saw that coming then they 're slightly naive . 
  not many people in the uk see their identity as european before british and , although we want international co-operation with our neighbours , we were never really in the spirit of making things better in europe at all . 
  with your mention of having a veto ; an eu army would only be given serious consideration if it was fighting for a federalised europe - in a federalised europe , there would be no vetoes , so 2 of your points are moot . 
  also , if you think an entire continent gaining a large army is n't potentially going to be seen as a threat , even if it says its intentions are good , then you 're sadly mistaken . 
  large army = more potential hostility , and that 's the case whoever the army belongs to . 
  ok just to tackle the military : ( the following is taken from another redditor 's comment so i take no credit ) 1 . 
  as soldier you 'd end up fighting for purposes and causes that would have never concerned your national army . 
  have fun fighting in the boonies somewhere in impoverished eastern europe because two quasi-commies were having a pissing contest , shooting missiles over each other 's border . 
  when there 's one big army , there 's no need for individual countries choosing to support an action or not . 
  this can lead to abuse . 
  when a war is otherwise impossible because it 's unjust and individual eu armies refuse to join in the fighting , a european army can do whatever it wants when it wants as long as whoever is in charge makes a decision . 
  a massive eu army will be seen as a threat and may kick-start a cold war with not only russia , but also the us if it turns more right-winged in the coming years under trump , or with china . 
  if the political trend in the eu becomes increasingly right winged , the eu can abuse the army to pressure its citizens into accepting change . 
  right now countries can still put a foot in the door by having their own armies , because nobody wants infighting in the eu . 
  with a european army , we may become tempted to step away from nato , which will result in a deterioration of western relations . 
  the us may pull out too when we do . 
  the continents would become more isolated . 
  ( edit : added ) just because countries will initially maintain autonomy through national armies does n't mean that those national armies wo n't be abolished over time . 
  give a finger and the eu wants the whole hand . 
  the eu has worked so far because everyone chipped in and compromised for each other , a respect thine neighbour policy , a healthy amount of suspicion that 's amiable enough to trust each other and work together . 
  give one cabal the reins and people wo n't like where it steers them . 
  ` if you do n't agree with my position then you must be ill-informed ' . 
  what a load of shit . 
  you sound like an american . 
  so there are no valid reasons to dislike or take issue with the eu then , it 's all because people are naturally just ` haters ' ? 
  you 're like a unicorn !, 
  does n't our rejection of those pro-cooperation agreements show that we have fundamental differences rather than just minor ones ? 
  us leaving is good for those nations who want further integration because it can now be achieved . 
  true , but there 's no guarantee of the proposed being accepted by other member nations . 
  a government of a nation that is n't in the eu will have the guarantee of their proposal being accepted by their parliament if they have a majority of mps in said parliament . 
   the total exterior length of the border of schengen is much , much less than the total length of all the borders of the countries individually . 
  yes , but 1 organisation managing that amount of border is still much more per nation managing their own borders . 
  a federalised eu would be an utterly stupid idea , and that is coming from someone who voted remain ( although i 'm now on the fence a bit about the eu as a whole ) . 
  smaller countries or provinces will be marginalised when it comes to making eu-wide decisions from a central government . 
  a federal eu would also probably have a common military , which is another idiotic idea . 
  i 'd rather be the one proposing the deal than the one accepting or rejecting an already proposed deal to be honest . 
   our external borders are not secure enough , but working together to secure them with a common schegen policy will help secure them it 's not possible to strengthen borders with a common policy such as this . 
  the schengen zone is an admirable idea but individual nations are much more adept at controlling their own borders due to having less total distance to manage . 
  it 's one area that means a country becomes a bit more isolationist , but more protected . 
  having a common external schengen border policy is just too large a distance to effectively police . 
  he 's not expressing it in the best of ways , but he does have a point . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to react to an event such as this with a political train of thought . 
  that 's a good thing though , more people need to be getting fucked !, 
  water is good for you , fruit and veg are good for you too ; take in too much of those though and it can be extremely unhealthy , so there are good things which you can have too much of . 
  the point is that there has to be a non-arbitrary point where immigration reaches levels which are n't helpful to a country ; import too many people in too short-a-period of time and waiting times for nhs appointments go up sharply , house prices rise etc. 
  hence , immigration is good , but there is a point where it can be too much . 
  england is the 2nd most densely populated country in europe and with the uk getting net migration of +300,000 people per year ( the vast majority of them going to england ) then that 's like creating a new city the size of birmingham every year . 
  you sound like the kind of person that 's easily impressed .
