yeah because native peoples were totally peaceful and never went to war or harmed another human ever . 
  iraq was fine until syria collapsed into civil war . 
  this is a great idea . 
  i even suggested this in this sub months ago and was laughed at . 
  the military is a highly effective logistics agency , humanitarian organization and police force . 
  it is perfect for the refugee crisis . 
  what has trump said that qualifies as `` hate speech '' ? 
  he has said nothing that i do n't read from half this sub on a daily basis . 
   no idea why that bothers some people . 
  russian propaganda is beginning to rot european brains . 
   the fact that democracy in the us does n't work well that 's a pretty subjective statement do n't you think ? 
  in many ways it works just fine . 
  the us government was designed to work slowly with all it 's checks and balances . 
  our founders were utterly paranoid of tyrannical government . 
  no , that 's not what i said at all . 
  i 've long been a critic of religion and for a time i considered myself an atheist . 
  the one thing that i realized though was that christianity is part of the social fabric of western nations and has had a huge influence on our collective history . 
  regardless of whether the creation myth is real or not is beside the point because christianity has a greater purpose and that is as helping guide the values and morals of our society . 
  i do not think that irreligiosity is a good thing in europe or the us . 
  when i think of germany i think of bavaria . 
  good beer , lederhosen , bmw , the alps , etc. 
  why is britain being blamed for this instead of the migrants themselves ? 
  and why is everyone in the eu pointing fingers at each other and expecting it all to just magically work itself out ? 
  many of them take it upon themselves to not integrate ... 
  the average voter does n't give a shit about anything and does n't really stand for anything . 
  that 's essentially the way the left works . 
  please define the word racist for us if you would please and then explain how anti-refugee sentiment is racist and finally why that sentiment is a bad thing . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't believe that multiculturalism has succeeded in the us but i would like some justification for your comment . 
  what does infrastructure have to do with multiculturalism ? 
  true but in many ways we want them to think the west sucks and for them all to go home and tell everyone how shitty it is . 
  i can assure you that most americans still live in the real world and do n't give a shit about bullshit like gamergate . 
  i actually had to look it up when i read your post and i 'm a gamer . 
  gamergate is definitely not massive in the us . 
  most people do n't have any idea what it is . 
  from the us , you 're full of shit . 
  economic ties do n't prevent war as was shown by both world wars . 
  when the military is the means by which war is fought , a vast military alliance/mutual security agreement is the biggest determinant of peace . 
  nato prevents its members from going to war with one another . 
  i do n't know how you could logically look at the past 70 years of peace in western europe and not credit that mostly to nato . 
  nato predates the coal and steel union and one could make the argument that the coal and steel union would n't exist if nato did n't exist first . 
  you said that you doubt that european countries would have duked it out even if nato did n't exist and i 'm pointing out that europe had been in a near continual state of war for a millennia so i think you are very wrong . 
  the state of peace that has existed since the end of ww2 is so significant historically that they call it the `` long peace '' . 
  nato is most certainly a huge contributor to that peace . 
  lol they did it over and over , time and time again beginning roughly around the fall of rome and culminating in wwi and wwii . 
  and the soviets would have made quick work of western europe if it were n't for nato 's creation in 1949 . 
  what 's the criticism ? 
  that assessment is wrong . 
  the eu has only been around for around 25 years so that does n't explain the 45 years prior to its creation . 
  also , contrary to popular belief , economic ties do not prevent countries from going to war . 
  both world wars are perfect examples of this . 
  nato has been the largest contributor to peace in europe because that is exactly it 's purpose . 
  it is a security agreement between european nations for mutual military cooperation . 
  it essentially creates a single european military although nations do retain a certain degree of autonomy . 
  and russia has sought to destabilize the eu and european ties with america . 
  it goes both ways . 
  as an american i would like to speak to this . 
  personally , i think that nato is one of the most important institutions in the world as it has kept peace in the eurozone for 70 years . 
  i also think it helps bind the west together because i believe we are facing a culture war with the islamic world and east asia . 
  in my opinion russia is a part of western culture and putin should seek closer ties with the eu and us instead of with iran and china . 
  i expected a pro-muslim article and was surprised to find that this was the exact opposite . 
  maybe because we know at least one of the shooters was a refugee from syria . 
  i wonder if france will invoke article 5 of the nato charter so that we can finally clean up the isis menace . 
  well would ya look at that ? 
  when you remove norway from the map , sweden and finland resemble a penis and testicles . 
  very interesting . 
  arguably the single most important man of the 20th century . 
  europeans are funny . 
  they love to criticize the us military but what they do n't realize is that without the us military you would have all blown each other up ( you already did twice ) . 
  and you would n't have the extra cash to pay for your cushy welfare programs because it would have gone towards defense instead . 
  and yes i realize you 're swiss and you guys generally stay out of it but only because the nazis needed your banks to finance their war machine and to store stolen gold . 
  huh ? 
  the military is an effective police force , logistics agency and humanitarian organization . 
  the us deploys its military for disaster relief and humanitarian aid all over the world . 
  it is the perfect tool for a crisis such as this . 
  contrary to popular belief , the us military is not just bullets and bombs . 
  has anybody suggested for nato to get involved in the migrant crisis ? 
  it 's pretty apparent to me that the flow needs to be stopped as europe is already above capacity . 
  the military is good at disaster relief and could be an effective tool in enforcing the rules , housing and processing of migrants either into or out of europe . 
  it could also help unite the eu in a way and put some faith back into the eu and nato , especially at a time when people are losing faith in them . 
  but with the lack of effective leadership on both sides of the pond , i suppose this is too much to ask . 
  please read up on the matter before you comment . 
  afghanistan has never been nor will it ever be stable . 
  the russians fought there in the 80 's and failed . 
  why not blame them for the mess ? 
  and as for syria , a drought , a shitty economy and a ruthless dictator led to a revolution . 
  how is that americas fault ? 
  afghanistan really has little to do with the crisis in syria . 
  also , extremist islam is the bigger culprit . 
  no sorry . 
  these people are fleeing the taliban , not the us . 
  if the us is the cause then why are they just starting to flee now and not 14 years ago ? 
  oh please . 
  prison is not supposed to be pleasant . 
  personally i think it 's a joke that anders brevik gets a playstation and gets to continue writing his hate speech . 
  it 's a shame that norway did n't hang him . 
  i think there is certainly more to snowden than meets the eye . 
  i do find it very convenient that he first ran to china and now he 's in russia where he clearly has putin 's balls in his mouth . 
  just saying . 
   generally most russians want a greater europe and to be part of it , tell that to putin ...
