  that 's what 's going on in germany . 
  i do n't just criticize turkey for not being laicist enough , by installing a government agency running mosques . 
  i 'm criticizing germany , too , for being not consequent enough to separate church and state . 
  to be quite honest here , i do n't want muslim kindergartens , schools daycare and hospitals here , which are governmentally or municipally funded here . 
  i do n't want church run , but governmentally funded institutions like this here either . 
  nevertheless , they do exist , on the basis of constitutional right , and this i consider to be a problem , if islam additionally comes to the equation . 
  as it turns out , those muslims in germany who might even consider themselves `` moderate '' , often enough have religious points of view , which clearly contradict human rights , which are an integral part of the contitution . 
  in do n't necessarily fear `` islamisation '' , or the indoctrination of moderate muslims by officially recognized mosque associations . 
  what i do fear is , that religious fundamentalism in general riding `` piggyback '' on moderate institutions , that might even be endorsed by the state financially . 
  i do n't want that . 
  that 's why i 'm for stricter separation of church and state in germany . 
  the idea that germany could keep churches with their power in check by binding them to the state obviously did n't work , as german churches are the wealthiest in the world by far . 
  they have real economic power they can and do use to their own advantage - not just for charity or some creed helping people for the better . 
  that 's the whole problem in germany , in a nutshell . 
  the thing is , that it was n't really a secret that one of the major association of turkish mosques in germany is heavily influenced by the turkish state authority . 
  that 's nothing new - at least not for me . 
  the other major association was milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs , which was rather seen as controversial in the 90s already . 
  interestingly enough , this all became a bigger topic in recent years , since erdogan rose to power . 
  before all of this , politics and media were sleeping most of the time . 
  i do n't know , if mosques necessarily should be state run or state governed . 
  after all , this somehow contradicts separation of church and state and laicism . 
  but i do n't know with what other means you could prohibit religion from turning to fundamentalism against a state 's rules either - other than paying people for snitching , or using `` moles '' or double-agents for observation , and this is highly impracticle . 
  hmm - apple in cupertino : http://www.geeky-gadgets.com/apple-buys-hp-campus-in-cupertino-26-11-2010/ http://obamapacman.com/2012/06/architectural-plans-of-new-apple-cupertino-campus-2/future-apple-cupertino-campus-2/ apple in cork : https://www.flickr.com/photos/frankcawley/4963477600, 
  does n't surprise me at all . 
  sponsoring and funding mosques from outside is n't unusual . 
  they do this for decades , and it used to propagate a certain `` branch '' of islam . 
  i do n't know , if we were too naive because we let it happen , or because we did n't have a look at who 's actually funding an influencing this . 
  international business is used to the english language at least anyway . 
  it 's not that difficult these days , so that you really have to run things in an english speaking environment . 
  to be honest , what they often sell as lasagne here is rather poor . 
  three or four layers of noodle dough , some premade bolognese inbetween , through some grated cheese over it - that 's it . 
  it 's my favourite roast , actually - either beef or horse meat . 
  i like both - with raisins . 
  noodles or rice as a side are rather unusual in austria or germany . 
  `` panado '' makes sense for me , as `` breading '' is called `` panade '' here . 
  i think this is a french kitchen term , though . 
  schnitzel is fried in a pan , and the outer crust is breaded , not a coating . 
  i guess , that 's why poles these days eat more sauerkraut than germans . 
  bigos is indeed something , and you can have loads of different recipes . 
  my favourites are makowki and dumplings filled with minced meat , though . 
  poffertjes - yes !, 
  that 's indeed quite unique . 
  i bought a pan a couple of years ago to make this at home . 
  all stuff you ' l get in northern germany , too . 
  pannekauken , too , btw . 
  regional cuisine in my area of germany does n't differ that much from traditional food in the netherlands . 
  it 's dominated by something pretty much like `` stamppot '' in all variations . 
  at least , you 've got the deep fried stuff and food from indonesia . 
  do n't get me wrong - from time to time i really like the german counterpart of boerenkoolstamppot , especially in autumn , but that 's not really fine `` cuisine '' - it 's rather rural . 
  i like that stuff , too - lekker frikandellen and bami , mostly . 
  you rarely get a good lasagne in standard italian restaurants in germany . 
  that 's something you need to make at home . 
  that 's great !, 
  i like those 80s references . 
  to be quite honest here - i for myself do n't know , if i 'd sound intelligible in a `` real '' conversation . 
  you need to actually use a language in conversations to hone your skills , and i rarely had the opportunity to do so in recent years . 
  the `` word pool '' you have aquired over the years is always different in spoken and written word , and the amount of words you understand is always higher than the amount of words you can actually use . 
  that 's a general problem , imho , not only mine . 
  regarding many people i know in my surroundings , i know that they do n't really use english in any context . 
  i think they would n't even visit sites with english content , and it 's quite easy to stay in this language bubble for german speakers , simply because there 's enough offered in german . 
  imho , when it comes to language education in germany , there 's rarely an `` inbetween '' , it 's rather that you have sufficient skills through higher school education , maybe even a university degree , where it 's obligatory in many fields , or you hardly speak any english at all . 
  i 'm rather surprised , that the percentage is that high in germany . 
  i do n't think that many people can hold a conversation in english here . 
  imho , this is the result of a television and movie industry , where everything is dubbed . 
  afaik , it 's the same in france and italy . 
  and german education is worse than people might think . 
  `` bear chest '' - that 's what some gay people might be into . 
  yes , because you can count the seconds , before you certainly end up as minced meat on the pavement . 
  but i have n't really put much thought in this . 
  suicide has always been out of the question for me . 
  i 'm too much of a coward to kill myself . 
  i do n't know . 
  seems more cruel to me , to die this way . 
  i do n't know about the mindset of people who want to kill themselves this way . 
  seems to me , that they want attention - otherwise you might as well use a razor blade . 
  do they want the attention to make a mark , or so that others prevent them . 
  i have no idea . 
  in completely publicly funded hospitals - yes . 
  i 'd expect that the whole staff subordinates themselves under medical ethics - not religious dogma , the bishop , or the pope . 
  a couple of years ago , we had a case in cologne , where doctors at a so called `` catholic '' hospital refused a raped woman the `` morning-after pill '' , because their religion would n't allow it - `` so called catholic '' , because these are hospitals are 100 % funded by public health insurance , but 100 % controlled by church related companies . 
  i do n't think that we can afford this . 
  medical staff and doctors need to subscribe to the set of rules of medical ethics unconditionally - otherwise the whole system would n't work . 
  i suppose , each battery cluster in the grid , whether it 's a car or home storage device , is addressed individually . 
  but at the same time , the customer and owner itself need to have at least some control over how their batteries are charged or discharged . 
  i think , that this is still at an experimental stage , because you ca n't predict how people will use this , and it will be hard to deduce anything from this for a mass market . 
  but it can flatten `` spikes '' of over-production at least to some extent , i suppose . 
  another idea is the usage of old batteries in `` battery-farms '' , btw - batteries that are n't usable for transportation anymore , but are still good enough to store the fraction of energy , they still can hold . 
  this would be some kind of `` second lifecycle '' , before the batteries actually get recycled . 
  this is not the worst idea , imho . 
  what 's the connection between dictators and classicist architecture ? 
  is it all `` power and strength in '' columns and gigantomanic buildings ? 
  i do n't know . 
  interesting approach , using the car 's batteries as a `` buffer '' . 
  this takes the idea even further , i 've heard of here in germany , where you can use your batteries at home to provide a buffer for over-production in the electric grid . 
  but the latter method is realized with rather cheap and bulky batteries . 
  that 's where i see the problem with this project , what they call `` vehicle-to-grid '' . 
  this provokes more charging cycles , as it usually would , if you just charge your vehicle for using it . 
  i doubt , that this is a clever strategy for the car 's owner , because the batteries must degrade faster with this , might need to be replaced earlier , and ev-car-batteries are still ridiculously pricy . 
  this is not my opinion . 
  let me guess - bosch injection , magna ignition , ngk sparkplugs , mahle pistons , nardi steering wheel , seats from sparco or recaro , nissin brake calipers , luk clutch , zf transmission , vdo instruments , ...
