  i do n't think anybody can tell , if this still is religious conservativism , or already religious fundamentalism with erdogan . 
  but i do see clear signs of totalitarianism , when erdogan orchestrates himself as a new `` leader '' , and the cult around atat\u00fcrk allows , that people not only do n't mind often , but even celebrate it . 
  of course , it 's the same everywhere . 
  that 's what people did with collaborators with the nazi-regime , too , in many countries , right after their despotism was over . 
  but i doubt that this will happen in germany or other european countries . 
  after all , these people were fleeing to be here . 
  others are still there , with some rifle in their hands , already fighting against isis . 
  afaik , some syrian refugees have already reported probable is-fighters to state authorities in germany , so i suppose those are people who trust our legal system at least to some extent - otherwise they would have taken it in their own hands . 
  yes - `` vladimir & vitaly-inkasso '' do n't do it for free either . 
  yep - all based on a treaty between the deutsche reich and the vatican , signed by hitler - that 's the `` reichskonkordat '' . 
  the basis of all the money the churches get besides `` church tax '' is the `` reichsdeputationshauptschluss '' from 1803 . 
  that 's the part , all tax payers pay to the church indirectly , whether they 're member or not . 
  so , even muslims and atheists pay the bishop 's salary in germany , and for this you ca n't just opt out . 
  although modern germany , as the `` bundesrepublik deutschland '' was founded in 1949 , the state is legally and technically the successor of the `` deutsches reich '' . 
  where this newly founded republic did n't create new constitutional laws , older laws from the `` reich '' were just adopted , if they were n't declared as defunct , or where they contradict newer laws . 
  the blasphemy law is an old remnant in penal law from before 1949 - such as the law erdogan used against a german comedian , for `` insulting a foreign statesman '' . 
  the conditions of marriage are civil law , though . 
  but again - same principle here . 
  the inconsequent separation of church and state is part of the constitution , though , and this in all modern countries is the highest law , which is harder to change on purpose . 
  that 's where church tax comes from . 
  other payments between state and church , and privileges often go even further back - in some smaller regions even to the middle-ages . 
  in some towns , there are even laws in effect , where the municipal body has to give the local church `` pfr\u00fcnde '' , benefice in material goods , such as wheat , wood or chicken . 
  but the legal foundation , with which churches make most of their money besides church is based on treaties between the state and church bodies , or the state and the vatican . 
  when napoleon occupied vast parts of germany , it was secularized , and since 1803 the church was compensated for losing their territories . 
  germany pays since then . 
  one of the very first acts of hitler being chancelor in 1933 was the ratification of a treaty between the vatican and the `` deutsche reich '' . 
  since then , there 's church tax , and many other privileges of the church in germany . 
  after the period of the third reich , even in the new founded bundesrepublik new treaties were ratified , for every single `` new '' state after reunification in the 90s even for eastern germany . 
  of course , politician were able to stop all this , but when you see who sits in the parliaments , you immediately know why this does n't happen . 
  there 's an author who put in the effort to research how bigger politicians are involved in the catholic church 's businesses , charity organisations and lay movement organisations . 
  you would n't believe how far this network goes . 
  the church provides for its `` flock '' in politics , that 's for sure . 
  politicians in germany are intertwined with organised religion to such an extent , that you ca n't tell anymore , if this was indeed `` influence of the church '' . 
  ahmadiyya seem to be for islam , what mormonism is for christianity - if that 's even comparable . 
  i would n't know . 
  for all i know , they are even educating german imams and scholars at unversities in saudi-arabia and egypt . 
  maybe it 's east asian , but it 's taken to a whole new level there . 
  germans often say no once , even no twice , but that 's about it , i think - and nobody is annoyed or has lost his face . 
  it 's not necessarily what 's taught during sermons . 
  from what i can gather , at least all mosques influenced by turkish authorities are highly transparent in what they preach . 
  every mosque in the association has to have the same sermon on friday . 
  you can read today 's sermon here : http://ditib.de/detail_predigt2.php?id=320&amp;lang=en that 's the advantage of a controlling authority , of course . 
  but beyond this , you do n't necessarily have control over what 's taught , and how people actually think and believe . 
  afaik , some people were already recruited for salafism or `` djihad '' in syria in the surroundings of these rather moderate turkish mosques . 
  the community is well aware of it , and from what i 've heard they try to do something against it , but i do n't know if this even can be enough . 
  it 's out of their control i think , and with the religious conservativism that 's supported there , imho it 's often a little bit too easy to convince people of more fundamentalist ideas . 
  those are n't necessarily mosque-building , but often `` hinterhof-moscheen '' , some back-alley buildings , where a mosque or prayer room is arranged inside . 
  that would be too easy , i think . 
  after all , we make trade deals and also weapon deals with this absolute monarchy . 
  yes of course , there are differences . 
  that 's clearly visible . 
  question is , if these differences were still enough , because people like khorchide do n't get much love for the idea , that the koran should be dealt with as 7th century morals against 21st century ethics . 
  i have n't read his book yet . 
  from what i can gather , he tries to bring islam into accordance with humanist principles . 
  of course , this needs to be an inner-islamic debate , how to deal with religious sources , how to interpret them , deduce some morals out of them . 
  from the outside perspective , we can only expect that people follow the `` law of the land '' . 
  my concern often is that we neither have the time nor the resources to confine those who do n't follow this `` law of the land '' , nor even those who might be prone to fundamentalism . 
  i think society only works , if people are convinced , that the ideological foundations of the state work , that they stand above all other principles . 
  you 'll always have a certain amount of people who do n't subscribe to it , whether religiously motivated , or politically . 
  i do n't know , if we can afford a bigger ratio of people , not supporting the state . 
  at least according to the article , some syrians visit turkish mosques - but they would n't understand any friday sermon , of course . 
  it would be interesting to know , what people from syria actually believe and how they live their religion . 
  i really do n't know too much about it . 
  same goes with turkey , tbh . 
  i know some statistics , i 've spoken with turks and german-turks , but after all , you 're still puzzled , if you can even get the whole picture - even for the whole of germany , i do n't know . 
  i know professor khorchide - not personally , unfortunately . 
  i do n't live too far away from m\u00fcnster , but sadly enough , i have n't had the opportunity to listen to one of his lectures in person , yet . 
  professor khorchide builds a theology around ideas , he is criticized for not only by `` conservative '' or fundamentalist groups , but also by `` moderates '' . 
  he supports a point of view , where not every rule in the koran should be taken `` by the book '' , that islam needs to re-evaluate 7th century morals and parts of koranic ruling and especially traditions from the hadith should be ultimately shunned . 
  problem is , that even those he tries to defend against islamic conservativism and fundamentalism often would n't subscribe this point of view , as the dogma of the unaltered , `` true '' koran valid for all times and places , is still sacrosanct for them . 
  this man is heavily promoted by german media and politics , but at the same time there 's almost nobody who endorses him . 
  these turkish state influenced churches are n't exactly a breeding ground for progressive ideas in islam either . 
  it 's still dogma there , that the koran is the unaltered , true and final word of god , universally , for all time and space , and afaik , some of the hadith are seen as accurate , which are cringeworthy , to say the least . 
  that 's a problem , because it makes people believe that their religious dogmas and rules ultimately are situated over every `` worldly '' law . 
  to be honest here , every person who only follows secular state law and rules , simply because out of fear of the consequences , not because he or she is convinced that human rights and a separation of church and state was better , is a ticking time bomb in our societies - does n't matter , if he/she was muslim , or christian , or whatever . 
  an endorsement of this kind of mindset is fatal , and it 's poisonous for every secular democracy . 
  we neither need to tolerate , nor even endorse it . 
  and if we allow a larger influence of mosques or churches from outside , we make ourselves vulnerable to probable fundamentalism and despotism from outside . 
  the influence of the vatican on german churches is already highly dubious , the influence of saudi-arabian wahhabism is something we really need to stop , from what i read and hear . 
  from what i read and hear from turkey is quite problematic , too . 
  imho , it 's still uncertain , if turkey clearly might fall into totalitarianism with erdogan as a lifetime leader , promoting a fundamentalist islam . 
  he 's already controlling religion , he incarcerated all opposition , and he 's already in for nepotism . 
  all the ingredients for a dictatorship are already there . 
  i 'm rather skeptic and pessimst regarding turkey 's near future , and out of this i 'm rather skeptic and pessimist about any influence on islam in germany , too . 
  it just does n't feel like some kind of better alternative compared to wahhabism and salafism from the gulf states . 
  at least to me it feels like the attempt to put out a fire with gasoline . 
  that 's quite true . 
  germany has no consequent and strict separation of church and state . 
  the state run tax department not only does raise church tax , gives it to the denomination you 're registered with . 
  the state pays all kinds of things for the church besides this . 
  but in germany , there 's no government authority of churches , or a `` state church '' . 
  the thing is , that countries like turkey or france are laicist by constitution . 
  germany is n't laicist , but separation of church and state is not even upheld consequently on the foundations of the german constitition . 
  secularists in germany criticise this for a long time now , but they often do n't have any lobby in politics , and most people think , this was `` business as usual '' and all is peachy-fuzzy . 
  this is not that well known , but the already recognized two big churches in germany have been lobbying for quite some time now , convincing especially christian politicians to give in allowing muslim associations to be recognized as official `` church '' - bodies , all in order to protect their own status of a `` privileged partnership '' with the state . 
  with this muslim mosque associations and lobby groups might get the same privileges , churches already have , with in itself are dubious - from completely publicly funded kindergartens , schools , university faculties , hospitals , daycare , retirement homes , ... you name it . 
  this is no conspiracy theory for some tin-foil-hat wearers . 
  the two big churches in germany know very well , that their `` flock '' goes astray and they are losing ground in society to justify all this public funding and privileges . 
  they use the fact to their advantage that the higher echelons of politics are intertwined with mainstream protestantism and catholicism . 
  since the end of the third reich they 've worked hard enough to bind politicians with the church , by appointing them with prestigious voluntary positions in the churches surroundings , or even in their `` social companies '' , which are not only the biggest employers after the state in germany , but under the biggest companies in europe even .
