  therefore , it 's not `` christianity vs. islam '' , but `` secular democracy vs. islam '' , imho . 
  i think , that goes for a majority in many countries , but i see differences even in europe , for that matter . 
  people in france or scandinavian countries are obviously much less religious , than people in poland or romania . 
  there are different polls , suggesting a decline of religiosity on a larger scale . 
  nevertheless , often people still seem to speak a kind of `` religious dialect '' , following at least some religious traditions , etc. 
  for turkey , polls indeed indicate a higher religiosity than in all ( ? ), 
  other european countries . 
  the question to me is , after all , to what extent is religiosity really lived and present in everyday life . 
  but what do europeans have in common ? 
  common history , i think . 
  coming from germany , i 'd say , on one side , or the other in the past , obviously . 
  christianity is a factor , but also philosophy and art , the values of the age of enlightenment , french revolution , lef , separation of church and state , democracy , human rights - but also the experience of nationalism , jingoism , colonialism ... on a larger scale , i see all of this as common european cultural and historical heritage . 
  christianity and church was and is a factor , but it 's not the only one , and even more so , it 's beyond its zenith in europe , not only in terms of power , but culturally and economically , in most european countries . 
  i have sympathy for this approach . 
  if it works , then it works . 
  this reminds me of local news i read a couple of years ago in dortmund germany , where in 2005 the intel 310 broke down , which operated the destination board at the main train-station . 
  the computer there ran from 1983 to 2005 , from what i can gather . 
  80286 processor , running on xenix . 
  first reports stated , that it was operated by a c64 , technicians were n't able to repair , but that turned out not be true . 
  interestingly enough , some people seemed to offer help for repair right away for the commodore at that time . 
  quite interesting , if you think of it . 
  obviously , there 's a community still working with these machines . 
  here 's the report from 2005 ( german only , sorry ) : http://www.heise.de/newsticker/meldung/wenn-computer-oldies-nicht-mehr-wollen-update-135968.html, 
  who is n't ? 
  let a group of 50 people get bonkers , show them the right way , and you can stir sh . 
  that 's how terrorism works . 
  yes , indeed . 
  the thing is , that whenever i 'm in the netherlands , i see this , too , and i 've decided to keep this up in germany . 
  some people even look puzzled , when i open doors for people , or when i have a friendly word for complete strangers . 
  germans really need to learn this , i think . 
  i had no idea , that people really watched this , outside german speaking countries . 
  hmm - his barking sounded german to me . 
  i remember , that the old folks often did n't even make a sauce for this , they just poured the fat out of the pan over their meal . 
  i think , this was a habit from before there were oxo-cubes and powdered , dehydrated sauces readily available , and food was scarce . 
  from that viewpoint , we 're a little bit spoiled , today . 
  compared to this , everything 's quite convenient these days . 
  germans have knack for sauces , too , btw . 
  we drown almost everything in thick gravy . 
  no , i 've just looked it up on wiktionary . 
  this etymologically comes from medieval latin , over french . 
  but i guess , it 's related with the english word `` to lay '' , because `` lagern '' not only means to `` store '' , but to `` lay ( down ) '' something , and there are some words in modern english , that came from old germanic , that from a `` guttural sound '' ( loch ness in scots ) switched to a `` y '' - sound in the english language , but a `` g '' - sound ( first g in `` garage '' ) in modern german . 
  in dutch , they still use this guttural sound , in more cases . 
  `` germans have nice sausages '' - that 's my line for the day ^ ^ but seriously , i think in this , we have the same variety in britain and in germany . 
  there 's more variety in what you often call wiener or frankfurter , `` hot dog '' - style sausages , there 's this finely minced and pre-cooked `` bratwurst '' - style in many varieties , in bavaria they have this `` weisswurst '' , you suck out of its casing , there 's also `` frische bratwurst '' , coarsely fresh minced meat , that you need to cook quickly , in order to not let it spoil , and there 's dried and smoked sausage in different varieties . 
  plus , there 's lunch meat sausage , too , and something like blood sausage and black pudding , too . 
  and after all , it 's all `` mystery meat '' , often processed beyond recognition . 
  i guess , it 's because in our countries , people at least traditionally eat more pork , than anything else , and almost everything was used as food , that 's edible - at least in the old days . 
  that 's true . 
  but it gets hotter and spicier , the close you come to eastern europe the balkans and southern europe . 
  but i think , we caught up in this , and that 's the influence of people migrating from many countries outside of central europe . 
  nevertheless , what some people from places like pakistan or india consider to be `` mild '' , is often enough for me , to be honest . 
  but i do use way more spices than my grandparents . 
  btw , i 'm pretty much into turkish cuisine atm . 
  would you eat this for dinner , then , eventually ? 
  it 's just , that some fried sausages with sauteed onions , mash and `` something green '' as a side is something , many germans eat for dinner , or even in their lunch break , depending on what job you have . 
  yes , braten and roast are quite similar . 
  `` sauerbraten '' seems to be rather unique , though , as this is usually beef , which is marinated for a few days , before roasting . 
  that 's , where the slightly sour taste comes from - vinegar and/or red wine , plus a certain blend of herbs and spices . 
  it used to be horse meat in the old days . 
  this was the cheapest meat you were able to afford , it was rather tough , and the process of marinating tenderised it . 
  i 've seen marinated cuts of meat in other cuisines , but this really seems to be something like a local speciality , that 's virtually unknown anywhere else . 
  if i 'm not wrong , in the rhineland , where sauerbraten traditionally comes from , this roast is traditionally eaten with plain potatoes , too , not dumplings or sp\u00e4tzle . 
  apart from this , i really do see more similarities than differences . 
  it 's often just a different emphasis . 
  beef cuts in germany are indeed different . 
  i think this is more like in france , here . 
  yeah , germans brag about their beer too much . 
  it used to be more unique , but you 'll often find only pilsener these days . 
  that 's quite sad . 
  well , baked beans is indeed something , i 'd consider to be somehow uniquely british , although it 's sold in germany for decades now - not only for the british forces in germany . 
  apart from that , there 's nothing we would n't have in germany , too . 
  this seems to be our common cultural background , at least in central europe , if not even wider . 
  the single difference is , that you eat this for breakfast . 
  i guess , that something you really need to get used to . 
  the variety in bread is indeed something uniquely german . 
  from what i can gather , this is something most german expatriates miss most . 
  the other way around , it 's really often pies , scones or from what i 've heard , not necessarily the traditional breakfast . 
  apart from that , it 's often industrial food , you 're just used to . 
  i guess , that 's a pun you ca n't get . 
  `` lager '' not only means `` storage '' or `` warehouse '' in german , where the beer type is derived from - it also means `` camp '' . 
  i as a german have to say , that indeed german beer is quite good , but it really has become somewhat of a `` mono-culture '' , when it comes to beers . 
  it 's quite true , that there 's not that much variety anymore . 
  you 'll often get your wheat beer , some local specialities , but it really is pilsener style , mostly . 
  in the north , it 's more `` hoppy '' and bitter , in the south it 's less so , but i would really say , that you 'll have a hard time today in even differentiating some brews from each other . 
  in germany , we hardly have any ales or stouts - the latter is imported guinness , mostly . 
  nothing against guinness , but it 's obviously not german . 
  from what i can gather , you 'll find the biggest variety in belgium , today , and they indeed seem to have some decent beers . 
  germans are often a little bit too proud of their beer , i have to admit . 
  i think , it 's the myth of the `` purity law '' in beer . 
  but i really think , many germans need to take a look at what 's going on outside of germany . 
  apart from that , there 's no need for being patriotic about beer , anyway , because most brands belong to three or four globally operating beverage companies , today . 
  btw , if you can get your hands on this , in `` mainstream '' beers , try some polish breweries . 
  that 's what i have discovered for myself , recently . 
  honestly , that 's something i do n't understand either . 
  it lookds great , and i bet it tastes great , but this is so much , that after eating this , i 'd need to take a nap right away . 
  correct me , if i 'm wrong , but many brits do n't have all this for breakfast anymore , do they ? 
  from what i 've seen , it 's more some toasts , or cerals , weetabix , whatever - not the traditional breakfast . 
  nothing against a good sunday roast . 
  i guess , this is just the cliche . 
  i like loads if stuff in britain , but i 'd run , when livers , kidney or stuff like haggis comes on the plate .
