  from here , it rather appears like g\u00fclen and his supporters are used as a scapegoat , in order to change to an authoritarian regime and nepotism , and to end a personal feud with someone , who used to be an enemy at times , when erdogan did n't achieve the power he has now . 
  erdogan 's supporters and right-wing turkish nationalists stir sh ... up way more than any of those g\u00fclenists in germany . 
  oh , and i mean the rather secular idea of halloween , btw . 
  it does n't have any traditional religious meaning here . 
  it 's rather a scary costume festivity . 
  in my predominantly catholic state , there are n't that much halloween-themed parties either , because all the fun is soon over , when november 1st arrives . 
  some states still have `` tanzverbot '' on all saints ' day , as on many other high holidays . 
  it 's strictly forbidden to party between a certain time corridor , and and on good friday it 's completely forbidden even . 
  from what i can gather , this coexists quite well in some countries . 
  halloween is fun for children mostly , here in my part of germany , and the next day the cemetary is crowded as usual , as it 's a holiday and free day in every predominantly catholic state here . 
  it 's the protestants here , who are rather annoyed by this , because they have their reformation day on october 31st , and it 's a holiday in predominantly protestant states - so there it really concurs with some `` church day '' . 
  i suppose they gave in , because the value of music dropped anyway , and the industry as well as musicians realized that youtube as a marketing platform was lost , so that it created more damage than it did good for the copyright owners . 
  gema shot itself in the foot , i think . 
  the more they insisted on blocking , the worse their reputation got . 
  i suppose , many people did n't even know that institutions like these exist prior to 2000 . 
  now every single claim for money in kindergartens out of some children 's song 's lines gets media hype . 
  what many people do n't know is that in germany , you already pay for every single recording medium , recorder , television set , mobile phone , usb-stick , pc , hdd an what not . 
  a fixed amount of the price you pay goes to gema and other institutions . 
  here 's a list : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/pauschalabgabe, 
  germany is different , because in retail value it 's the third biggest music market after the us and japan . 
  i think it 's for decade now , that germany competes with the uk for third or fourth place . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_music_industry_market_share_data this is just big business , and there 's a lot in for the gema . 
  from what i can gather , it 's not that uncommon , that institutions like the gema exist in other countries . 
  reports stated that they got too greedy in their claim for royalties per video . 
  the question is , whether this was on purpose , to shut down youtube for the german market as the biggest video site , to the advantage of other german ones , which are `` coincidentally '' owned by major players of the german music industry and media , too . 
  there 's no proof for these allegations , but people do speculate about this . 
  it does even go more into the economy than with many other spendings , as people ca n't afford to save that much money on social welfare of some sorts - if there were n't the social church companies , where the money often disappears somewhere . 
  in germany , they put a lot of money in qualification for the jobless , where the methods and the curriculum is rather questionable , and the church-controlled welfare companies profit from this . 
  it 's not always a question of where the money is spent , but how actually . 
  are they really , on a state and university level ? 
  the industrie does great things , but the educational system , including universities , often is mediocre at best - at least in germany . 
  thank our federal state government for this . 
  whenever elections are coming up , `` knowledge is key '' for every single competing politician . 
  after election , we see how valuable educated people are for them . 
  `` strukturwandel '' my ass !, 
  i do n't think that this is predominantly a cultural thing , but a question of profit . 
  profitability in a bigger market lead to dubbings for foreign television or movies . 
  i think this was even a bigger topic some decades ago , where producing this was way more expensive . 
  from what i can gather , the biggest markets for dubbings are german , french , italian and spanish speaking . 
  i do n't think it 's a coincidence , that these have their own bigger movie and television infrastructure . 
  one can argue about the international relevance of german , french , italian or spanish television or movie productions , compared to the relevance of what 's produced in the english speaking world , but those were and to some extent still are the relevant countries , at least in europe . 
  i 'm not old enough to have witnessed all of this , but even when i was a child in the 70s and 80s , they were way more movies shown from italy and france in german cinemas and on television . 
  actors like louis de fun\u00e8s , bud spencer and terence hill , belmondo and many others were `` european superstars '' , from what i can gather . 
  and there was this whole genre of `` spaghetti western '' or `` euro western '' movies , which was quite popular . 
  lots of these movies came from these countries , which are into dubbing these days . 
  that would n't make any sense . 
  in germany , there 's a whole infrastructure of studios , translators , directors and actors who are specialized on this job , sometimes for decades . 
  this somehow is a bigger `` scene '' of people , who often do nothing else but dubbing , radio plays , audio dramas and audio books for a market of roughly 120 million german speakers . 
  that 's not only funny , i suppose , i guess it 's a major turn-off . 
  i remember that during the 90s , german porn was often dubbed - even german productions . 
  sounds weird , but some porn actresses had much more pleasant voices in their works , than in reality . 
  i do n't know , if they even had a dialog-script for their dubbings , but many porn flicks were dubbed in a way , that the porn actor 's lines were willingly or unwillingly funny . 
  i do n't know why german porn is often that `` playful '' and borderline silly . 
  there was this dialog a couple of years ago , that became a meme even - `` warum liegt hier stroh ? 
  '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9waffcv__k, 
  i ca n't understand anything , but the voice is somehow a pleasing narrator 's voice . 
  i 'd still prefer dubs or subs , though . 
  i think history repeats here . 
  napoleonic occupation brought a modernization along with it in many countries , too - code civil and secularisation , for example . 
  the roman empire brought culture and civilization - not necessarily in a peaceful manner and altruism . 
  it 's the same with christianization of europe . 
  imho , that 's a pattern . 
  according to this article from 2015 here ( german ) http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/homo-ehe-in-deutschland-laengst-akzeptiert-umfrage-13704670.html 49 % supported complete equality of gay-marriages in 2015 , in 2000 it were 24 % of all germans . 
  those who totally refuse gay-marriage were 17 % in 2015 , 35 % in 2000 . 
  only 17 % saw this as a very important and relevant topic . 
  that 's the background in german society , so one sixth of the population is really against gay marriages . 
  i 'd consider this as quite low - but at the same time , the number of people who actually do bother is quite low , too . 
  but the even more pressing question is , if the parliament and the government does represent people 's will , not only in this matter . 
  i say it does n't . 
  afaik , the whole of the current government , from merkel herself to all ministers are in some way engaged in their religion , and the parliament does not reflect what 's going on in society anymore . 
  overall , more than a third of all germans is `` non-denominational '' , according to some polls and surveys , we have at least around a quarter of all people , who are atheists . 
  neither government , nor the parliament represents these people , and homosexuals might be underrepresented , too . 
  the difference between the will of the people and the elected parliament and the government is clearer than ever . 
  here , it 's a difference in religion and religious morals , that 's visible , but regarding other topics , it 's even more obvious . 
  the rise and relative success of a populist right-wing party out of nothing is a clear sign for this . 
  and it 's not the phalanx of christian parties , carrying the `` c '' in their name . 
  social democrats are also intertwined with churches , as well as the green party , and even with the socialists , there 's a certain amount of politicians , who are at least influenced by the churches . 
  afaik , the green party is the only party , who allowed secular work groups as fractions in their party , in the spd , the social democratic party , it was denied by direct order from the top , by the chairman of the party , vice-chancelor and ministor of energy and economy , sigmar gabriel himself . 
  i would n't say that all christian politicians are against same sex marriages . 
  that 's obviously not true . 
  but there 's a correlation between conservativism and religiosity , as the churches ' surroundings are n't really a `` breeding ground '' for progressive politicians with progressive ideas . 
  secularism is on the other hand , and it shows , that 's it rarely represented or even has a platform in all parties . 
  during the seventies , is was linked and somewhat represented in german liberalism , with the fdp . 
  but this party not only lost its influence in general , it lost it 's left-wing , which was more attached to this . 
  this topic is treated that strange , because in society there is n't necessarily a bigger population against it , but many people simply do n't care that much . 
  politics not only does n't pick up this topic out of this , it also does not represent german society sufficiently enough in general . 
  turkey from the beginning was and is a little bit `` schizophrenic '' , regarding this . 
  there 's the idea of state laicism , but at the same time , mainstream sunni-islam is controlled by the government . 
  i 've read that atat\u00fcrk even wanted to install a `` turkish islam '' , by forbidding the use of arabic in religion , with which he failed . 
  all of this contradicts separation of church and state and state laicism , of course , but i can see where this comes from . 
  second thing is the role of the military in turkey . 
  the last coup d'etat was somehow symbolic and maybe the ultimate turning point in turkish history . 
  in order to secure democracy , the military in turkey intervened every time , when religious groups rose to power in politics . 
  in the 90s , it was even sufficient enough to threaten religious politicians to have a coup d'etat , so that they resigned . 
  that was `` necmettin erbakan '' , btw , prime minister for a year , and - big surprise - political mentor of erdogan these days . 
  since the founding of modern turkey , democracy was either protexted by atat\u00fcrk as the `` leader '' , or the atat\u00fcrk-loving military , protecting democracy in a `` undemocratic '' manner by evoking a coup d'etat . 
  that 's why i say that turkey 's democracy is n't not feeble , fragile and vulnerable these days , it has always been , from its beginnings . 
  it has n't been able to protect democracy by democratically legitimated means , but by undemocratic leadership and coup d'etats by the military . 
  it has always been a relatively fragile peace between religious fundamentalism and a secular state . 
  with erdogan , this shows today .
