interesting . 
  i 've just looked it up on wikipedia . 
  from what i can gather from several wikis , this 224 years ago was meant as a `` worldly '' temple following the ideas of the enlightenment . 
  maybe i 'm wrong with this , but it somehow seems symptomatic for poland 's problems today , that it 's some catholic shrine now , while at the same time of this grand opening almost 100,000 people roam the streets of warsaw in protest . 
  i think they callthemselves `` boxclub '' to circumvent the rules between motorcycle clubs they have to follow among them . 
  motorcycle clubs claim territories and have to arrange with their competitors to some extent . 
  these rules do n't seem to apply with this construction . 
  hah - if it had n't been for some friend who told me how to do it properly , i might have had damaged my gums way longer . 
  sure , it 's not rocket science , but you usually do a lot of things out of habit you do n't think that much about . 
  but i 'm not a big fan of toblerone anyway . 
  i used to like milka , but imho , it does n't taste anymore like it used to taste . 
  now i eat `` ritter sport '' mostly . 
  they already changed the recipe , i think . 
  probably about ten years ago , milka tasted better . 
  you 're not supposed to bite in it , but break it . 
  `` why oh why do western women convert to a religion that values them as exactly half as much as a man ? '', 
  i suppose it 's for the same reasons why people join outlaw biker gangs , or the mafia . 
  here , the especially strict set of rules means freedom - not in a sense that you had more choice , but freedom out of a lack of choice , strict hierarchy , undoubtable doctrines . 
  it makes life much easier , when you do n't have to think for yourself and follow just orders . 
  that 's can be perceived as `` freedom '' indeed . 
  i think for converts it 's even more plausible at first . 
  there 's the offer of absolute truth and peace of mind in it , that people seek and find early , and they speed up gradually in their treadmill of religion . 
  it 's often quite easy to become a muslim , too . 
  just say the shahada before some witnesses , and you 're in . 
  after that comes the part where people tell you what you must or must n't do and the grip gets tighter . 
  from what i can see , religiosity like this does n't come completely out of the blue either . 
  these people are rarely raised in atheist households , where at least at one point earlier religiously indoctrinated - not necessarily at home , but from friends or school . 
  many of these people were vaguely religious , not atheists . 
  i do n't that many people here know chancelor schmidt 's `` words of wisdom '' . 
  `` whoever has ` visions ' should go see the doctor . '', 
  that does n't surprise me - but it 's not really something i 'd call `` diplomatic '' . 
  is this an option these days ? 
  some politicians promoted it , but i do n't really see a chance for a european army . 
  but there are already multinational companies and brigades . 
  there 's one guy walking in one of the first pictures , looking like a young lenin . 
  i think it was tough these days after the war . 
  looking at all this rubble and everything destroyed , people must have thought , it was a tedious , never-ending task to sort all the rubble . 
  i ca n't tell how it 's handled everywhere in germany . 
  what you describe here is something i perceived in the 80s still - segregation in turkish classes , education by turkish teachers only . 
  i do n't think that this is still the norm today . 
  from what i can gather , it 's rather the other way round - education in turkish , additional to the regular curriculum in classes for everybody . 
  b\u00f6hmermann does n't really have a clear fictitious stage persona leaning towards the left . 
  this guy does have a left agenda . 
  satire rather lies in this suit and tie thing , because b\u00f6hmermann in reality rather appears as nerdy and geeky . 
  so , it 's rather the reputable `` anchorman '' and conservative appearance , but geek and nerd humour that 's presented . 
  i think that a lot of his humour comes out of this dichotomy , because his humour is heavily influenced by internet culture . 
  b\u00f6hmermann is well aware how the internet works and how this influences and affects classic media outlets like television and print . 
  in germany , there 's a traditional divide between political satire on one side , and slapstick and comedy on the other . 
  from what i can gather , this goes way back to times of the `` reich '' , when political satire was a way to criticize politics in an oppressive political system . 
  b\u00f6hmermann seems to have found a way to use both - plain silliness , slapstick and comedy , but also political satire . 
  in a nutshell , his show `` neo magazine royale '' does n't differ from the usual fare of late night shows . 
  the basic setting is comparable with jimmy fallon 's , conan o'brian 's and many others - comedy standup in the beginning , desk , sidekick , show band . 
  what 's different is the `` nerdy '' approach , the incorporation of internet culture , tidbits of the past of television and popular culture - often from the 80s - and a highly stilized , visual aesthetics and effects . 
  the production company behind him is a very important factor , because seem to ba able to realize creative stuff really cheap , but appealing and effective . 
  have a look at different intros of the show : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxby-eridpu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdvn8ydvyse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwn0gi6lrjw, 
  i do n't even think it was `` false flag '' , but i do n't think those were g\u00fclenists either . 
  i assume that erdogans secret service initiated the overhastily rushed coup , but it was in the hands of the last remnants of kemalists in the military leadership , which erdogan was able to lure out . 
  the window of opportunity is closed with erdogan in power . 
  but that 's not always something , politicians are willing to say openly . 
  turkey has no stable democracy , maybe it never had , regarding the many times the military intervened in an undemocratic manner to save democracy . 
  of course , it has always been delay tactics with turkey possibly joining the eu . 
  erdogan these days affirms why this was right . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's part of a wider strategy . 
  it follows a certain pattern that was already in effect with other dictatorships , from hitler , to putin , to assad . 
  in turkey it might be even more dangerous , because religiosity is wide spread and people are used to the idea of a ( ultimate ) benevolent dictator . 
  the cult of personality around atat\u00fcrk does n't help either . 
  it did n't even matter , and that was the whole joke about it . 
  we 'll see - after the next smoke screen and wave of arrests of opposition - if this will be even necessary then , because now erdogan does n't have any important opposition to his plans anymore . 
  get used to the idea that turkey will be the authoritarian leader state with a lifetime `` neo-sultan '' at the top . 
  yeah ... i 'm still not really convinced that g\u00fclen was behind this coup d'etat . 
  i think erdogan rather beat the grass to wake the snakes . 
  like him or not , it 's quite impressive what b\u00f6hmermann achieved so far . 
  the biggest stunt was n't erdogan , imho , it was the so called `` varoufake '' , varoufakis allegedly giving the finger to germany in a video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx-1lqu6mae he unmasked how media outlets work these days . 
  i do n't think that those who chime in with you are the problem . 
  it 's rather those who have slightly different ideas of what the basic foundations of society should be - other than what 's constitutional . 
  the extremists , `` ready for action '' , work in cells anyway . 
  what 's more problematic is what i see in germany here . 
  wahhabi and salafi fundamentalists are already shun by many almost every `` mainstream '' mosque here . 
  they are pretty much outcast - but they 've found other ways , lecturing via video and internet streams , private gatherings and on the street these days . 
  when security agencies knew these places where fundamentalists went , they were able to gather information about these people . 
  today , it 's more difficult , and the estimated number of fundamentalists and extremists has risen constantly . 
  do n't get me wrong , the state has every right to close down these mosques , incarcerate prominent figureheads even , when they committed crimes . 
  that goes without saying . 
  but that still does n't solve the undergoing problem , it 's almost `` cosmetics '' . 
  i think it 's the same with the ban of the burka . 
  you can prevent prevent public promotion of religious fundamentalism with this , certainly . 
  but as much as can ban this piece of cloth in society , you wo n't be able to get fundamentalism out of fundamentalist 's brains with these measures . 
  closing mosques can only be a small part of a puzzle of a much wider strategy than this . 
  i think the real challenge is to win people 's minds in this . 
  we need to get into people 's heads , before they think it 's a great idea to sever the heads of nonbelievers . 
  unless this is not achieved , it 's not really the time to celebrate already . 
  it 's not the time to pop the corks yet - probably never will be in our lifetime . 
  i do n't know what to make of this . 
  of course , these `` fine '' institutions need to be closed , if they support an ideology , that 's not compatible with france 's foundations of their constitution obviously . 
  although these fundamentalists or extremists wo n't be able to influence people directly , but i 'd expect that they will withdraw from the public , into more obscure private gatherings at home , which will be even harder to control , i think . 
  it might sound like damage control at first , and it 's done rightly so , but the problems which arise could become even bigger with this . 
  germany is becoming a safe haven for erdogan-loyal moles in society these days . 
  that 's an even bigger problem . 
  but maybe erdogan knows more than we do .
