  both numbers were rising . 
  it was 66.2 % petrol , and 32.2 % diesel engines , the rest was ev , hybrid , gas , lpg - `` pure '' evs 25,502 , hybrids 130,365 cars . 
  that 's not that much . 
  these numbers do have a reason . 
  imho , it 's not only that cars are better now , so that they can be driven longer , it 's simply that far more people ca n't afford new cars anymore . 
  therefore the average age is rising steadily . 
  the average age of new car owners in germany is reaching the age of 50 now , if i 'm not wrong , and a bulk of cars is registered first as `` fleet car '' for companies , not by private owners . 
  to be honest , i do n't see `` unsafe wreckages on the roads '' coming for germany , as we have the mandatory two year inspection for cars . 
  i rather see fewer cars on the road in the future , because fewer can afford a car - with or without a ban on combustion engines . 
  what is now - 10-15 % of the population , who have such lousy paid jobs , that have to rely on government subsidies ? 
  i do n't know exactly , but these numbers will rise , too . 
  that ultimately must mean , that many people should n't dream about their future with evs , but to learn how to oil a bicycle chain again , and fewer need to befriend themselves with the idea to ride ev-mopeds or micro-cars again - just like it used to be in the 60s . 
  imho , that 's the bitter truth , people need to swallow , as politics is already in for this . 
  the difference in the 60s was , though , that people did n't always have to rely on cars . 
  jobs were nearby , so could n't indeed take a walk to work , or ride a bike . 
  these days are gone for most people . 
  shops and supermarkets were n't built on the outskirts of towns , there were right around the corner . 
  that 's gone , too , in germany . 
  i do n't know about the situation in the netherlands . 
  i suppose , economy is stronger by now , wealth is spread wider in the population , and i still see more smaller shops around the corner . 
  i guess , that 's why more evs are driven in the netherlands . 
  not only because of this , but i certainly see it as a factor . 
  alright then - so what 's worse with teslas , compared to other evs ? 
  so far , i have n't seen anything that even comes close to teslas from german manufacturers . 
  so far , they do n't have the balls to build anything that comes close to their range/mileage . 
  of course , it 's easier to build competitive cars with a price tag , teslas have , than mid-size cars , or compacts with a decent price tag . 
  nevertheless , tesla pushes things forward , and all other manufacturers fell behind . 
  tesla builds cars , that practically show , what 's possible , whereas most german automakers build half assed evs , which are mostly overpriced toys for people , who want a german car . 
  bmw so far is the only manufacturer , you can take serious at the moment , trying to build lightweight chassis in bulk . 
  they have understood , that their margin will depend on their expertise in building something for a mass market , they have n't built themselves so far . 
  that 's the problem . 
  a totalitarian state can deliver relative peace and stability for a majority inside , as well as outside for the whole region - as long as you `` follow the rules '' , you 're happy and safe - stand out , and you 'll have your problems . 
  all dictatorships work like this . 
  and i do think , that the more gullible people are religiously , the more people succumb to the idea of a `` benevolent dictator '' - a well meaning `` friend of the people '' , working hard to ensure happiness and prosperity for all people . 
  i 've already heard the latter with erdogan , so it has already started . 
  the question is , how many people in turkey fall for this . 
  is he ? 
  from what i can gather , pizza was just a local dish for a long stretch of time , and where today you 'll find pizzerias everywhere around italy , it certainly was n't the case in the 50s or 60s . 
  of course , it 's not only about power for the sake of power . 
  erdogan obviously has an agenda . 
  his earlier ties with his mentor necmettin erbakan and his wife wearing a headscarf as first lady give it away - if not his policy . 
  yes , it 's still a question , how many people actually support the values of democracy , free justice and state laicism . 
  the question remains , how many people are deluded by the idea , that they had a relatively free life with erdogan , and how many are just pragmatic voters , seeing the economic success and improvements - how many even vote out of their religiosity , because all of these topics erdogan seems to serve for his voters . 
  yes , i think many companies operate like these . 
  gm was just an example , because gm acts globally , under different brands , with people not even realizing , how connected all of this is . 
  i suppose , most people do n't even know , that ac delco , as a supplier , is a subsidiary of gm . 
  yeah - i do n't see that coming for 10 story houses in blocks , and here the problem starts . 
  might be funny for house owners , but even they will need to pay a few thousand bucks for the infrastructure . 
  oh , and i meant `` charging '' - of course , hehe !, 
  would you mind translating at least a few lines , or giving me an idea , what this is all about ? 
  the place , where this video was made , is too familiar to me , to not know . 
  would you ? 
  i should have posted a link to the original article by the `` kronen zeitung '' in german . 
  now i ca n't find it . 
  there it was stated , that he allegedly shouted this even being arrested . 
  austria 's `` kronen '' stands for `` quality journalism '' , like german tabloid paper `` bild '' does . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  but that 's at least , what 's written there . 
  i really hope you 're right on this . 
  i 've never been to turkey , nor do i have any idea of what 's going on in the people , because i have n't seen it first hand . 
  the following years to come will surely be the litmus test for turkey 's democracy and people . 
  but even if this might be overcome , you will have to come into terms with the armenians , and kurdish separatists . 
  it wo n't get easier . 
  to be quite honest , i 'm more concerned about the turkish people , who want to live a life , as fee as it can be , because with erdogan , i do n't really see that coming . 
  stability in turkey is another thing . 
  i think this guy can bring stability and relative peace in turkey and the whole region . 
  but the price for the people will be too high . 
  the moment erdogan came into power , the already small window of opportunity for turkey being a member of the eu closed for many years to come . 
  chances were already slim , because turkey already was a feeble democracy . 
  sadly enough , erdogan even proved this point . 
  i 'm rather pessimistic in this . 
  since 1923 , turkey had the chance to become a modern democratic state , based on so called `` western '' values , it had to defend against religiously motivated despotism . 
  not only 100 years later , it seems to have failed in this endeavor , because it has n't been able to instate democratic principles into the minds of a majority of people . 
  yes , for every sensitive area in business , i would suggest going `` battlestar galactica '' on it , today - if you know what i mean . 
  same goes for private info . 
  yep . 
  that 's what i see here , too . 
  even worse , he has enough supporters for this , and he will also use the religiously gullible , via the religious government agency , they have in turkey . 
  it 's almost the last thing , erdogan needs to do - become president with even more power for life , get rid of the founder 's cult around atat\u00fcrk , become the new leader and instate a new cult around him . 
  this kind of thinking also goes along with the megalomaniac plans he has for the `` new turkey '' - every `` good '' despot and autocrat , or even plain dictator has these plans already in the drawer . 
  he has already built himself a palace , and a few things are about to come , if nobody stops him . 
  not iran , obviously , as they have some kind of democratic fassade , circumvented by a religious junta , that can intervene anytime . 
  the problem i see with turkish democracy since it 's beginnings is , that the military used to have the rather undemocratic role of protecting turkey from religious fundamentalism in democratically elected power . 
  erdogan got rid of that . 
  another problem is , that a state nationalism was and is held together by atat\u00fcrk as some kind of untouchable leader figure , to such an extent , that it might be seen as cult of personality . 
  i think , that we 'll see soon , if turkey is even capable of defending its democracy . 
  it 's not only the recently failed coup d'etat , that weeded out the last remnants of some kind of `` failsafe-mechanism '' against totalitarianism , turkey used to have . 
  it 's going on for years now , that political opposition is hindered , banned and incarcerated . 
  media is already in erdogans hands , the internet is obviously more and more censored , and as it 's already mentioned here , key positions in politics , even in the economy , are taken over by the blatant nepotism of on new `` leader '' . 
  too many turks do not only know all this , but even celebrate it . 
  that 's the fundamental problem , and if this does n't change dramatically fast , you 're already three quarters on your way to `` fine '' democracies , like putin 's russia , or assad 's syria . 
  that does n't make it better . 
  they 're already putting the car industry under pressure , reducing carbon emissions , increasing fluel economy - with rather `` suboptimal '' results - because now we 're confronted with quite feeble and complex engines , that often cost thousands to fix . 
  from what i can gather , progress in electric cars just does n't work like this , but through higher prices . 
  then there 's the problem with sufficient energy production , distribution and charging stations , in front of every house . 
  you either create this infrastructure , or you expect , that less people can afford personal transportation . 
  the first option takes a huge effort , the latter not so much , but it will cripple freedom for people , and ultimately economic progress , too . 
  germany might be densely populated in some areas , where people indeed could rely on public transport , but certainly not everywhere . 
  to be quite honest , regarding everything politics in germany has `` achieved '' in the recent two decades , i 'd expect them to manage shit , to change things for the better for a vast majority of people here . 
  they either run down this country , or favour smaller elites .
