  but that 's something , you 'd find everywhere in the world . 
  even in italy , where people often think , it 's the best cuisine in the world , you 'll find stuff that 's unpalatable for you . 
  it 's often a myth , we give in to . 
  maybe you 'll coincidentally stumble across a butcher in france , who makes the best pork pies ever , or you visit japan , and you find the one guy who sees it as his mission in life to make the best schnitzel ever . 
  it used to be like that . 
  but `` british cuisine '' changed over the past few decades , too , did n't it ? 
  i think it 's the same as in germany . 
  with the older generation , their spice rack was indeed simple and elimentary . 
  newer generations eat completely different , though . 
  afaik , the french and polish people eat more sauerkraut today , than germans do . 
  that 's only rostbratwurst , which is really finely minced . 
  there 's more variety than that in germany , of cause . 
  i would n't dare to say , that we `` invented '' it - that 's ridiculous . 
  but there some common idioms and sayings , where the sausage is mentioned . 
  that says something about the culture you 're in , i think . 
  but do n't ask me , why people get anal and feces are involved , when it comes to german swear words . 
  i have no idea . 
  to be quite honest , complaining bout shitty food somewhat has become a fad , like complaining about the german sense of humour . 
  in every country you 'll find food , that makes you want to vomit , as well as there 's always something , that 's unique and that you really like . 
  i do n't know how you guys see it , but from what i can gather , the food you eat on a daily basis has become more `` international '' , anyway . 
  in recent years , wherever i got , there 's a d\u00f6ner shop , and spaghetti bolognese is one of the most popular dishes , as well as lasagne . 
  too much poisonous critters creeping around everywhere . 
  no , schwarzw\u00e4lder kirsch is `` cake '' , not pie - layered cake , if i 'm not wrong . 
  these pies a more like those we refer to as `` pasteten '' - meat inside , dough outside . 
  imho , this is indeed something , the brits do best . 
  it 's really good . 
  `` shepherd 's pie '' is something i like , too . 
  beats me , why it 's called `` pie '' , but it tastes great . 
  i would have to dig further into research , but the raf was trained by the `` popular front for the liberation of palestine '' , a left-wing part of plo , and they were supported financially , materially , as well as ideoligically by a number of left-wing islamic groups , at least from egypt and libya , if if remind this correctly . 
  like i wrote , their `` common denominator '' , so to speak , was anti-imperialism and anti-colonialism - `` anti-zionism '' i forgot - something , that 's obvious for the plo . 
  the first incident at least i know of , on european grounds , was the massacre during the olympic games in munich , germany , in 1972 . 
  then there was the hijack of lufthansa airplane `` landshut '' in the later 70s , captured in spain , which was landed in mogadishu . 
  interestingly enough , in both incidents the terrorists also demanded freedom for the captured founders of the raf , though both were n't raf-operations . 
  imho , and in the opinion of many political analysts , from what i have read , the iranian revolution at the end of the 70s can be seen as a major `` game changer '' . 
  although thus was shia islam , the islamic world realised , that it can work out to overcome a whole state and erect a theocracy . 
  so , from that point of view , it can be seen as the catalyst for modern djihadism - not terrorism in general , but djihadism . 
  since that , islamist terror more and more changed from territorial conflicts to broader terrorism , attacking americans and israelis mainly during the 80s , also on european soil . 
  this can be seen as a `` first phase '' . 
  it was small , but it happened . 
  the second phase of escalation started around the time of the gulf war , when characters like osama bin laden and his `` lads '' became more prominent , by spreading terror-attacks over the islamic world , then later also into europe , as he had ties with the kosovo army . 
  at the same time , they found plans for terrorist attacks on us soil . 
  i think , that 's where islamist wahhabism came into play . 
  so , the current `` brand '' of terrorism might be relatively new for us , but it surely is older for islamic countries , and islamic terror in europe indeed started in the 70s . 
  i ca n't recount more incidents , but they happened . 
  this is very vague and unsubstantiated what i write now - but it somehow appeared , as if there was a `` gentleman '' agreement , that each terror group had their own `` claim '' and territory , and this was only breached occasionally , but in the 80s it clearly spread more . 
  the `` first phase '' i mentioned here , seemed to be driven by left-extremism , as well as religious extremism , and this gradually changed during the 80s and 90s towards what we see today . 
  btw , i 've a book by german-egypt author hamed abdel-samad , who sees the beginning of islamic terrorism in the rise of the `` muslim brotherhood '' in 1920s egypt , after the ottoman empire crumbled , and he claims , that it was linked to 1920s fascism , these days . 
  there was n't much islamic terrorism in the western world , but there was islamic terrorism , at least in the 70s . 
  the german `` raf '' - not the `` royal air force '' , obviously , but the `` rote armee fraktion '' ( red army fraktion ) , an extremist german left wing terror group , was trained in camps in the middle east . 
  during the 70s and 80s , left-extremist groups all over the western world had ties and collaborations with djihadi-left-wing-extremism . 
  they somehow where able to incorporate these `` revolutionary '' , religiously motivated ideas in a bigger cause against colonialism and imperialism . 
  many dictatorships in islamic countries rose out of a `` primordial soup '' of socialist , islamic ideas . 
  that 's why in many countries with dictators like gaddafi or hussein in some ways implemented socialist ideas in their totalitarianist states . 
  i do n't know , if this was still true for al kaida , or isis , but the wave of islamic extremism with roots prior to the 80s often have some socialist ideas . 
  the difference between islamist terror today , and islamist terror 30-40 years ago , is maybe , that back in the days it was `` we bring terror to our own countries '' , whereas today it 's often `` we bring terror to you '' . 
  as weird as it might sound , but maybe these terrorists filled a void , our own `` domestic '' left-wing terrorists left . 
  the thing is , that only few mosques are built and openly funded by wahhabi saudis . 
  but i still do n't see real proof for funding of missionary activities , or funding fundamentalist or extremist preachers or scenes . 
  they do seem to have connections to the arab world , but that 's all you hear . 
  of cause , european intelligence services withhold information , to discover more , but claims about direct influence turn out to be quite thin , when it comes to islamic extremism . 
  we used to have spar , too , here , but at least in my area they disappeared completely . 
  i find this expansion of german supermarket chains really interesting . 
  german companies like these really seem to benefit from the eu in recent years , because it 's not only the uk , where they 've expanded largely . 
  it 's also interesting , that other competitors in the german market already failed . 
  walmart , from the us , started opening huge stores around 2000 , and they failed , because competition was too tough . 
  others , like `` albert heijn '' , a chain , that 's really huge in the netherlands , tried to expand in germany a few years ago . 
  this is something i remember , because i like to buy there , whenever i 'm in the netherlands . 
  have n't heard anything since then , and i live a one hour drive from the dutch border . 
  tesco - never seen it here , but they do seem to have supermarkets at least in poland - like their german competitors . 
  in germany , we 've already had a market concentration process and the `` aldisation '' of the market , meaning that everywhere discount stores pop up in the country - not only aldi , but also lidl and a few other competitors . 
  i really do n't know , what to think of it . 
  in recent years , food still was cheap , might have become cheaper , because of aldi and lidl . 
  but imho , we also have to take this with a grain of salt . 
  i 've seen documentaries about walmart 's business practices and the negative outcome of a `` fat cat '' dominating the market . 
  that 's something , i would n't want to have in germany , or uk , or anywhere in europe . 
  yes , that `` shove it all in thing '' annoys people pretty much in recent years . 
  it used to be different in the 90s , then it somehow it became a craze and almost any supermarket used this , and in recent years , they are switching back to `` normal '' cash registers , again . 
  yes , indeed , and i would n't know it , if we did n't call it `` feinkost albrecht '' , from time to time here - ironically , of cause . 
  yes , adidas is a good example , i think . 
  but it gets even weirder , when some brands are using the initials of the brand , spoken out in german , like `` hazet '' - tools ( `` hz '' ) . 
  yeah , i think it does n't matter where you live , stores like aldi or lidl just do n't have the assortment , a regular supermarket has . 
  that 's the discount principle - low cost by smaller assortments , whole crates are just shoved unto the shelves , the least amount of personell , and presentation . 
  the brothers `` albrecht '' ( `` albrecht discount '' ) , who started all this , were real scrooges , using writing paper twice , forcing personell to use pencils , because it 's cheaper - they used any means to lower the prices . 
  this shows , even today . 
  i germany , i think it was until the early 2000s , when cashiers still had to use three digit codes , they had to memorize for every item in store , because it was cheaper and faster than using scanner registers . 
  i think , they were also the first chain , who got rid of the `` collecting zone '' for the goods , after cashing in ( i do n't have an english word for this ) . 
  you 're expected to park your cart right behind the scanner , in order to shovel your stuff right into the cart , all in order to have higher counts in cashing in per cashier . 
  that 's how they think - cheapiness before convenience , before comfort , `` experience '' and customer contact . 
  in recent years , they changed this a bit , at least in germany , because they were n't able to grow further , as there 's more competition in discount . 
  yep , that 's the song i heard , and i was quite surprised at that time , that lidl was that well known , that you can make a song out of it . 
  last time i went to the uk was in the early 90s , and there were n't any lidls there , or any german chains , whatsoever , if i remember correctly . 
  lots of spars and tescos , though . 
  i think the article emphasizes merkel 's importance too much , and i think the real problem behind all this is , that not only the current government , or the currently ruling parties , but politics in germany as a whole is dominated by religious politicians , against everything , that 's going on demographically right now . 
  whereas german society more and more turns their back on religion and religious morals , politicians do n't change accordingly , but at a much slower pace . 
  i 've read somewhere , that all but one minister in the current government linked to those two dominant churches , and a majority has at least one function in the church environment . 
  not all , but the vast majority in the bundestag is linked to and intertwined with organized religion . 
  and this obviously shows in politics and laws now . 
  this is not exclusively a problem with `` usual suspects '' , carrying their `` c '' in the party 's name , but also the green party , social democrats , and even socialists , where you would at least expect it . 
  that 's the allegation , many people know and think of . 
  but how much ground does this have ?
