  i think the list is almost endless , and most of this stuff comes from all over the world these days . 
  but maybe it 's at least assembled in britain , and the chassis and coachwork is done there . 
  yes , it 's not that uncommon for many car makes , i think . 
  i might be wrong , but think this site is there , because of eu - and state subsidies , but also skilled workers and highly automated production processes , which keeps production cost low . 
  rt english is broadcast all over the western world , via satellite and cable - not only in the english speaking world . 
  they have a spin-off for the uk , too . 
  but there 's also rt spanish for latin america , and rt arabic . 
  they have online platforms in german and french , and they also make heavy use of youtube and other video portals . 
  with `` ruptly '' , a video news agency was built up , operated from berlin . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruptly they have studios at least in london and berlin . 
  i do n't think it 's the imports that worry german car companies , it 's the exports from the uk , and they do seem to have a lever with this . 
  from what i can gather , there are n't that many british car companies and suppliers , who would hold on to the uk as a place for production . 
  we 've already seen this in many european countries , including germany . 
  they will pack their bags , if they see disadvantages in trade , tarifs and pricing . 
  this guy is n't joking btw . 
  it might be some kind of poker game , but this is the chief lobbyist of the german car industry , ex-minister and member of the cdu , merkel 's party . 
  not only luxury cars , i think . 
  according to this site here http://www.autoexpress.co.uk/best-cars/94280/best-selling-cars-2016 the best-selling cars in the uk were - ford fiesta , built in cologne , germany , i think - vauxhall corsa , built in saragossa , spain , if i remember it correctly - ford focus , built in saarlouis , germany i do n't know , how many of those cars perceived as `` domestic '' in the uk are even built there . 
  from what i can gather , the bulk of cars in the uk is already built somewhere in europe . 
  i think that german car makers are rather worried about their cars built at sites in the uk . 
  uk as a place for production already has a bad rep in germany . 
  many execs think that it 's a rather pricy and unreliable place , as unions use their power to go on strike much more . 
  i suppose that some production sites in the uk are even held on , because they otherwise would provoke a decline in car sales in the uk , out of bad reputation . 
  but car companies these days care much less about factors like these . 
  they already closed many sites all over europe , including germany , to wander off to cheaper producing countries . 
  most of the car component supplier industry is already there , in romania , turkey or china . 
  business in is intertwined between europe and the uk these days , that there are jobs at stake everywhere , of course . 
  the question is , who might suffer most - the european union , or the uk ? 
  i think , it 's the latter , and the eu will use this as a lever . 
  `` die linke '' is rather far left socialist , because they have a strong left wing in their party , supporting disarmament in general and no involvement of the bundeswehr outside of germany . 
  parts of the party 's members still form something they call `` the communist plattform '' , supporting ideas of marxism . 
  although this platform is supported by a tiny fraction only , it 's still influential . 
  in european parliament , they are members of the `` european united left -- nordic green left '' . 
  i would n't say it 's the same , but out of this there are certainly similarities between `` die linke '' and `` de socialistische partij '' in the netherlands . 
  both parties moved away from their marxist and socialist ideas a little bit , more towards social democracy . 
  in germany this happened , when the socialdemocratic party of germany turned more towards liberalism , many members left this party and formed a new one , and after a short period became an integral part of `` die linke '' . 
  `` die linke 's '' predecessor pds was the successor of the dominant party in former socialist eastern germany , you have to keep in mind . 
  since they had the fusion with the former socialdemocrats , this party changed quite a lot . 
  they 're just pissed off , because their secondary lift is used for their boyfriends and mistresses . 
  that 's all . 
  i think , that this was just blown out of proportion , and these news are a bit misleading . 
  i do n't think , that the brexit is responsible for this - it 's just the usual `` poker game '' large producers and retailers usually have behind closed doors . 
  from what i can gather , producers and retailers are constantly bargaining about prices , often enough to push a competitor out of the market and off the super market shelves . 
  names like `` unilever '' and other huge companies should make everybody suspicious , because they grew that much out of proportion , that they can dictate prices and product variety very often . 
  this is all part of an ongoing market concentration process , where the consumer is n't always the winner in this . 
  i guess , you guys would never have built a euro tunnel , but a `` euro land bridge '' to the uk . 
  i think the undergoing problem is n't even how a car decides , but if we are willing to let artificial intelligence make moral decisions over people . 
  many things are unsolvable by pure logic , and the `` senses '' - rather `` sensors '' - of a car are still too limited to come to sufficient assessments of a critical situation . 
  are we willing to eventually let electronics decide over life and death , not only for ourselves , but other people ? 
  that 's a moral - or rather ethical question in itself . 
  after all , for this split second of a road accident , there 's no time to constitute ethics commitees to decide this . 
  russian roullette with cars ? 
  survival , your own well being and the securing of your own existence is a purely selfish goal . 
  the question remains , how far you 're willing to go for it . 
  in situations like road accidents , you 're often not even capable of making moral decisions . 
  in fractures of a second , you ca n't do this . 
  to live itself is arrogant and selfish . 
  i think that in japan culture prohibits open discussion in a certain way , whereas germans in general are more confrontative in discussions , sometimes blunt beyond what 's perceived as politeness in many other countries . 
  that 's a major difference , imho . 
  germans often are like the complete stranger in the street , who bluntly reminds you that your fly was still open , when others politely look the other direction , because he himself expects to be reminded . 
  imho , japanese people are often `` avoiders '' , in a sense that they avoid dissent to keep up a fassade of greater harmony and consent . 
  they often beat around the bush , when `` westerners '' and especially germans do n't refrain from topics . 
  yet this strawman is exactly the reason , why a `` just cause '' or moral high ground for the ussr at that time was impossible - even though soviet expansionism came after the war . 
  i thought , you meant to imply that the founding fathers of the constitution were jewish . 
  one might argue , that the founding fathers were influenced by jewish thinkers , but afaik , that even was n't the case , because prominent philosophers like spinoza rose to wider fame much later in the english speaking world . 
  oh , they do speak about it , and how ... 
  it was the generation of germans , who was directly involved in the war and nazi regime , that hardly spoke at all . 
  it started around 1968 , where the post-war generation with their protest movements started asking questions , what their parents did , and how they were involved in all this . 
  at least in western germany , that was the case . 
  germans today know very well , that all slavs were seen as `` untermenschen '' ( subhumans ) , the german `` aryans '' as the allegedly stronger race were `` allowed '' to plunder and enslave . 
  they also know about the military tactics of `` scorched earth '' , so that nothing remains left to the advantage of the enemy . 
  and they no about the killings of civilians , too . 
  they even blew up buildings , factories and bridges deep into german territory , at a time , when everybody knew , that it was over . 
  that 's all well known here . 
  if there 's one conclusion , people make out this here , than it 's that there ca n't be any `` clean '' war , where anybody has a white vest - especially when the military leadership does n't intervene when crimes against civilians happen , or even endorses it . 
  that was the case in germany , as well as in the sovjet military leadership . 
  today , as a german , you do n't have any `` moral ground '' to speak up as a german . 
  that 's quite true . 
  but you do n't have any moral ground to speak up for other nationalities either . 
  you have moral ground to speak up as a humanist , and if your country subscribes to the ideas of humanism today , you have moral ground to mention it . 
  i think , that all countries involved in the war committed atrocities , and this was a general lack of humanity . 
  but for those , where this was systemic , it always something else , because they will always have a past , that sooner or later they will need to come into terms with . 
  germans , as the defeated , had to do so to a certain extent and stepped up to the plate . 
  others , as the victors , might have more to work on . 
  sure - and stalin was such a friendly man - a real champion of humanism , free speech and democracy . 
  he was the true `` father '' of all people . 
  why ? 
  are n't `` reichsflugscheiben '' , `` new swabia '' and nazis on moon not enough ? 
  there are actually people who really believe in this , btw . 
  `` founded by jews '' ? 
  what 's next - injecting holy water into women 's wombs , by law ? 
  it gets even weirder - there was the so called `` genex '' - a company run by the eastern german government , via denmark or switzerland , where german in the west were able to buy their relatives in the east gifts , even cars . 
  it was paid in deutsche mark , of course . 
  here 's the car catalogue from 1977 : on flicker : https://www.flickr.com/photos/37358123@n04/sets/72157617345161757/ here 's the main catalog from 1977 : https://www.flickr.com/photos/37358123@n04/sets/72157617344536615/ there 's also a catalog from 1986 , as pdf : http://www.kraftfuttermischwerk.de/genex/genexkatalog1986.pdf, 
  from what i can recognize on this picture , those were n't even all imported goods . 
  if i 'm right , there 's canned meat from polish producer `` yano '' in the fridge . 
  these canned meats from poland were exported to western germany , too , and they 're still sold today . 
  so these were n't even imported `` specialities '' or `` delicatessen '' from other countries , but domestic produce . 
  they already are pemanent residents , with a permanent work permit . 
  to be quite honest here , many people are more german , than turk , yet they are reluctant to go through the process of naturalisation to become a german citizen .
