  the thing is , that this is something , people in my surroundings never talk about - yet , there are these pictures of erdogan opening his palace , with all these guards in historic armour , which i see somehow linked to this . 
  but i obviously do n't get the whole picture in these matters . 
  and to clearify this : i only understand a few words and phrases in turkish . 
  this does n't go to far . 
  it 's rather rudimentary . 
  that 's funny , because erdogan is also president of the `` organisation of islamic cooperation '' - the successor of the organisation , who thought it was a clever idea to formulate the `` cairo declaration on human rights in islam '' , as a countermeasure to universal human rights . 
  now , is n't that nice ? 
  this guy is the president for an organisation , which propagates an alternative of `` human rights '' under sharia-law , and he has the audacity to criticise un for allegedly being `` a burden on humanity '' . 
  erdogan and his `` sharia-friends '' are a burden on humanity , and every day it is getting more obvious with him . 
  yep . 
  no - not everything is ww2-related in german education , although it is a major part . 
  it 's just that this was the perfect example for mining , how infrastructure around it develops , and you were able to explain surface mining and underground mining . 
  the whole area , where i grew up , used to be dominated by heavy industry - steel production and coal mining . 
  i 'd say , that the fathers of half of my school class worked directly or indirectly either for coal mining or steel production . 
  so it was rather pragmatic , to make this part of the curriculum . 
  but i 'm a bit surprised , that even name `` kirunavaara '' is still stuck in my head . 
  after all these years . 
  afaik , this was by far the biggest mine in europe at that time . 
  if i remember correctly , norway during ww2 was n't exactly the center of attraction in the curriculum . 
  i read more about norway later , personally . 
  they really do not think about it further then , because sin in itself is a purely religious concept , and i 'd say it 's directly related to the idea of revelations from a god , who has specific ideas of what you have to do and do n't have to do . 
  maybe people confuse or mix `` sin '' with `` guilt '' ? 
  in all languages i know , there 's distinction between both , though . 
  i doubt that this one , about church membership , when i see the german results . 
  you see , membership of the two dominant churches - catholic or `` evangelisch '' ( protestant ) - is even a tax category in germany , as the state takes in church tax for the churches . 
  out of this , statistics in germany are pretty reliable in that matter , and in recent years , `` nonaffiliated/other '' rose to about on third of the population for all of germany . 
  it 's much higher in the east , than in the west , but in almost every federal state it 's at least 25 % , 75 % tops . 
  either they asked the wrong question , or people do n't differentiate between belief and membership . 
  something went wrong there . 
  at least for germany , it 's not reliable . 
  yes - same here - ruhr area , westphalia , federal state . 
  above this , it 's too abstract and vague for me . 
  seems to be linked to religiosity to me , when people think , they were meant to rule over nature . 
  genesis 1:28 : `` and god blessed them , and god said unto them , be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the earth , and subdue it : and have dominion over the fish of the sea , and over the fowl of the air , and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth . '', 
  and in many areas the belief in sin is higher than the belief in a personal god . 
  how does that work ? 
  i do n't know exactly , but i think i 've read somewhere , that they were never more than 60 or 70 activists tops , but hundreds of sympathisers . 
  but that 's the general idea of terrorism , i suppose - small indepently working closed cells , few people - maximum damage and terror . 
  one side 's `` terrorist '' is the other side 's `` freedom fighter '' ? 
  why ? 
  i 'd love to have some steak pie or shepherd 's pie right now . 
  if it 's propagated by a higher power structure . 
  apart from that , i highly doubt this , when your whole life took place in range of 20 km around of where you lived . 
  i just think that our lives are quite different from lives , say 150 years ago . 
  i do n't think it 's a coincidence , that things changed , when more people were capable of travelling farther . 
  imho , railroads had a huge impact in this during the 19th century . 
  do it - but of course it 's rather the other way round , that the new series reflected ideas , that were already there . 
  the idea of going `` low-tech '' in communications , and to seal everything from the outside world , as much as possible , is n't really new . 
  it always works along those lines . 
  how much am i willing to open my communications , my secrets to keep for the outside world on one side , or completely seal everything and `` switch-off '' , but therefore risk more complicated , timely and costly structures and hinder workflow . 
  internal storage vs. cloud storage , intranet vs. internet , is more important than ever , when it comes to data security , and when you write memos physically on paper , the risk that these info leaves a place , is way lower . 
  maybe for upper classes and much more mobile elites . 
  for the `` common man '' , even 100 or 150 years ago , it was n't that uncommon , that you 've never left your small region , you were born in . 
  hell , my grandparents spent their holidays once in italy , three or four times in bavaria , or at the north and baltic sea , and a couple of times they eventually took day trips to the netherlands - and that 's about it , for their whole lives . 
  the places most far away , my grandfathers visited , were russia - forced , in uniform . 
  on my maternal side , af few generations back , i have ancestors in the netherlands and france , from my fathers side poland . 
  never met them , and i ca n't even properly reconstruct this . 
  if it was n't for war or work migration , my ancestors would n't have moved or traveled anywhere . 
  you had to stay and work , where you were , lost contact with parts of the family far away , because you simply neither had the time , nor the money to travel much . 
  i have to be honest here : the way i see it , german education is somehow weird , when it comes to geography . 
  i ca n't even remember , that i had to learn where different countries and their capitals were . 
  flags were certainly not part of any education . 
  it was often `` themed '' education - plate tectonics , and how it affects regions , iron ore mining at kirunavaara , sweden , the development of cities over time and urban planning , agrculture in the `` corn belt '' in the us - stuff like that . 
  but i just ca n't remember , that we ever had to learn hard facts - like naming all european countries and their capitals . 
  it was somehow expected to know this , or it was n't mentioned at all . 
  it was the same with history , btw . 
  the emphasis was on how events developed , for what reasons , etc , not to cram in dates , names and places . 
  when i went to school , many countries did n't even exist , and i learned most of these flags by watching either football , or the european song contest , i guess . 
  yes , engines are getting far too complicated , to squeeze out more efficiency . 
  social exclusion is already happening here . 
  i would n't say , that welfare reforms in recent years were made solely for this , but it 's certainly a part to accept , that we have a class of unemployed or working poor poor here . 
  that 's the `` success story '' of germany - it works on the backs of millions , who work in `` mc jobs '' , and it is n't expected for them to own a car . 
  i have a feeling that it 's expected by politicians , that energy consumption is lowered , exactly by denying people personal transportation and therefore by `` social exclusion '' . 
  see , many germans think that you have to take pride in yourself , not your country , because you only can feel pride , for what you have earned and formed yourself . 
  other than that , germany is not that old . 
  a map from 150 years ago looks like a patchwork of small states , and this is still relevant , when people identify themselves local or regionally first . 
  of course , there 's the experience of third reich , but also the old `` kaiserreich '' , and whenever authorities wanted to force something out of the people , they came with `` national pride '' . 
  nationalism never was a true symbol of liberation from kings , caesars , dictators or church here , but rather the opposite . 
  i know - probably somebody in hamburg invented the hamburger , too . 
  but as a basic fast food staple , readily available everywhere , in gazillions of variations ? 
  that was in the us first . 
  some italians created the blueprint for something , that went out of your hands a long time ago , and you needed to culturally `` re-import '' this pizza-fad from america , so that it is that widely available in italy . 
  without american tourism , there would n't be any pizzerias around your vicinity , too . 
  you 'd have two shacks in naples , selling their `` speciality '' , and certainly not the variety of different pizzas you have today . 
  without the influence of the italian-americans , their entrepreneurship and ingenious idea of selling stuff like pizza , you would n't have all of this now . 
  the thing is , that cultural influence often works in ways , you ca n't neccessarily oversee . 
  you often do n't get the broader picture . 
  especially food is often popularised and adapted in funny ways . 
  from what i can gather , some food becomes popular , where it 's not created , and you would n't expect it there . 
  that 's often the case with fast food . 
  other stuff is popularised by high ranking chefs , who take rather unknown local or rural dishes to fame , but also alter it a bit . 
  that 's the principle , you 'll often find in french `` haute cuisine '' . 
  the point is : carl benz created his first car in stuttgart , germany , so this was a german invention . 
  but even these cars had predecessors - not from germany , obviously . 
  now you 're saying , that not only germany invented `` the car '' , but all cars from other countries - or even other places than stuttgart - are all not cars , because all `` true '' cars must come from germany . 
  way to go . 
   in no way their cars are better than types of `` traditional '' manufacturers . 
  that 's not a comparison ? 
  gtfo, 
  this is what i found out at the homepage of `` kraftfahrt-bundesamt '' - the government institution , that regulates transport and registration : in january 2016 , 45.1 million cars were registered in germany , the average age of the cars was 9.2 years .
