  i know many people here , who think that it 's best to keep the turkish citizenship , because it might be useful as a `` safe haven '' , when eventually sh . . will hit the fan in germany , because this country might fall back into the racist and nationalist ideas from the past . 
  we 're talking second or third generation here , mainly . 
  the first generation of `` guest workers '' were often even more torn between two countries , anyway . 
  it 's like the father of a friend of mine told me - first he thought , he 'd work his ass off for couple of years and go back . 
  he lived with many others in crammed places for guest workers , saving every nickel . 
  then he felt alone and thought , he was able to provide for his family better , if they were here . 
  then his kids went to school here , to get a `` proper '' education , then this , then that , and as time went by , he and his family is here for over 30 years now , most of the closer relatives in turkey are dead , kids have married here , and they themselves have kids . 
  i think this stereotypically describes the whole dilemma . 
  my friend 's father also built a house in turkey , where some relatives now live in , and he visits them from time to time . 
  i do n't know , if he not even loses his right on property , if he became a german citizen . 
  i do n't . 
  obviously i ca n't say `` all '' , but the vast majority of turks lived long enough here to be part of society . 
  they work , pay taxes , just like everybody else does . 
  like all the others here with a german passport , they are the `` plaything '' of big politics , as there are n't enough well paid jobs for everybody . 
  but the government is responsible for inner eu working migration , without any chances of getting any job here , but underpaid or illegal work . 
  it really needs initiatives to prohibit `` welfare tourism '' , as well as big politics needs to become active , so that migration does n't raise false expectations of getting well paid jobs without qualification and a certain level of education . 
  that worked in the seventies , but not today , as we 're dealing with quite a lot of people living on state subsidies . 
  of course , it 's your own choice where you live and where you work - and the worse your financial situation is , the more you need to rely on a network of people around you - family and friends , and this limits your choice , pretty much like house ownership does , or at least `` trying '' to own a home for retirement , as it 's oftentimes not paid off for decades . 
  public transport often works best in larger cities , but it often does n't work in small town germany . 
  nevertheless , streets are crammed with cars almost everywhere . 
  wow , so many impressions , that i do n't even know , where to start . 
  lots of shades of grey there , indeed , and where it reads `` 198x '' , it often looks like the 70s - do n't know why , maybe it 's the clothing . 
  i do n't know , if the pictures are just selective here , or if this indeed was what everyday life looked like , queues at the butcher 's shop , where the interior rather looks like a tile exhibition , queues everywhere , empty shelves everywhere . 
  this serves the stereotype of the `` eastern block '' we had in our heads . 
  ... and a `` simson '' moped in poland - i like these , very reliable . 
  yeah , that 's a good example , i think . 
  from what i know , this is n't really a reconstruction according to the old blueprints , but just a fassade looking like the old palace . 
  imho , this is as fake as the copy of the eiffel tower in las vegas . 
  it 's more `` disneyland '' , than modern urban planning , imho . 
  i think it 's perfectly understandable to do this , where a historical town center developed , and you need to protect this site in some way . 
  but i do n't really see this in berlin , where most parts were destructed during the war . 
  other than that , build something contemporary , new and exciting for today , and generations to come . 
  time will tell , if this was a good or a bad idea . 
  the problem i have with this particular building here is , that it seems to draw too much attention on itself with this colour . 
  it does n't really `` blend in '' with its surroundings . 
  this building is the architectural equivalent of the barenaked guy standing in the shopping street shouting , ranting and raving . 
  some may find this `` exciting '' and interesting . 
  i do n't . 
  i hate these neon colours - not necessarily modernism or post-modernism , which i 'm quite fond of . 
  i rather find neo-classicist or `` wannabe-classic '' buildings ridiculous - especially those malls , which pop up all over europe , where they even install fake windows . 
  i 'm glad that albert speer is already dead . 
  honestly - i actually like some of the architecture depicted there . 
  the problem i 've always had with this , is the conglomeration of huge complexes , and that often original ideas were destroyed , out of cost restraints . 
  this reminds me of le corbusier 's `` unit\u00e9 d'habitation '' . 
  what was originally created with this , and what was later made out of these types of houses , is way different . 
  in le corbusier 's designs , you find infrastructure , communal services and rooms for the neighbourhood and really wide floors , you could drive through with a car . 
  see what they made out of concepts like these , and you find claustrophobic floors , oddly shaped flats , no infrastructure around it at all - and all of this not for hundreds , but thousands of people . 
  i think , that 's why the idea of `` vertical cities '' flopped ultimately . 
  that 's a major problem . 
  even if you 'd be willing to pay for a charging capability yourself , you do n't have a fixed parking space , you can call your own . 
  and from what i can gather , you usually pay at least five cents more for using public commercial charging station 's electricity , per kwh . 
  sadly , no , it 's often enough not the case , that there 's enough room for even one car , and many households need to rely on two cars , because they have to commute for jobs and are n't even able to do so by public transport , or it takes double or triple the time . 
  housing was rarely built with that many cars in mind , and even homes , which were built in the 90s , do n't recognize reality . 
  and it 's even worse in older urban structures , where parking space is weighed in gold . 
  we have a situation today , where statistically more than half of the population , from baby to old man owns a car . 
  that certainly was n't the case at the times , many houses were built . 
  from what i read , the problem with fast charging is , that it reduces battery life . 
  that 's why this should be something you 'd use when you 're traveling far distances and have less time to charge . 
  afaik , the tesla model s is limited for home charging anyway , so that the `` normal '' 400v 3 phases plug is more than enough at home . 
  according to this site ( german , sorry ) , this allows charging between 4-7 hours , full charge . 
  that 's quite good , i think . 
  230 volts , 10a , out of the `` regular '' plug at home , takes 33 hours , though , so this is obviously not an option . 
  so , you need to have your own infrastructure at home , first , and this does n't come for free . 
  regarding the price of a tesla , it 's not that much - but still , it 's not free . 
  it 's okay to think about the future , and regulate that all new built homes must have access to the plug , imho . 
  if i had to build a house , i 'd have that , too . 
  but in bulk , we 're still confronted with crammed cities , huge housing blocks , not enough space and many cars , that need to be charged . 
  i suppose , here the idea is to give people the finger , quite bluntly . 
  personal transportation will become something for people who are more well off , i guess that 's the idea many politicians have in mind , but would n't say it . 
  i 've just read , that they 'll move the entire town . 
  i was a bit surprised , because i could n't remember anything about plans in that direction . 
  these seems to be a rather recent decision . 
  i learned about kiruna in 5th grade , so that must have been 1985-86 , or so . 
  i 've read about all the topics you mention , regarding norway in ww2 . 
  but i really ca n't remember , if really heard about it in school . 
  the holocaust was definitely more a topic , as well as the expansionism and occupation of vast stretches of europe in general . 
  `` lebensborn '' was something , that came up pretty early in conversations in my family , and i remember , that especially my mother was quite disgusted by the idea of `` breeding '' people as `` aryans '' . 
  the thing is , that ww2 and the third reich was such a huge part in education , that many of my fellow classmates were rather tired of hearing it . 
  i guess , that 's how many people feel today , too , when not a day passes by , without some documentary about these topics . 
  i 've never lost my interest in this , because i still want to know , how it all came this far - but even i sometimes thought : `` what 's next - a full documentary on hitler 's shepherd dog ? '', 
  nevertheless , i think , that we need to constantly remind ourselves , what happened at that time , and today , i see certain tendencies , that make this even more important . 
  was this the first connection between france and the ottomans ? 
  it sounds plausible , because france was the expanding `` superpower '' in europe , at that time . 
  does akp somehow endorse this officially , or do they just `` play '' with it , without getting too explicit ? 
  beats me , where this comes from . 
  i looked it up on google earth , and i did n't find any names , where french , or any derivation from french is obvious . 
  but i know , that there are quite a lot of french loan words in modern turkish . 
  from what i can gather , the influence from french came as early as the 19th century , where in the ottoman empire , france was seen as a blueprint for reformations of the state . 
  afaik , the higher ranking ottoman elites were educated in academies high schools , where french was not was part of the curriculum , but also the language spoken in courses . 
  it 's also no coincidence , that today 's turkey is to some extent modelled after france as a role model - from what i can gather , atat\u00fcrk , as the founder of turkey , was educated this way , too , as most of the ottoman elites were . 
  with this , influence on the turkish language also came accordingly . 
  these words , prevalent in turkish today , are `` turkicised '' in spelling , though . 
  but if you know the rules of pronounciation and their french origin , it 's even more obvious . 
  these are n't only internationalisms , prevalent in many languages , but also loanwords , you 'll hardly find in other languages . 
  here 's a list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_replaced_loanwords_in_turkish#loanwords_of_french_origin though i have n't found any french names , i 'd suppose , it 's rather the other way around , that the ottomans gave new settlements french names , not necessarily the french . 
  thank you . 
  that 's what get out of the few lines , i understood , too . 
  what i did n't really get is , what `` brand '' , what mixture between politics and religion , this somehow wants to represent . 
  i mean , who comes up with `` biz osmanliyiz '' in that context ? 
  is this some resentment , prevalent in society , or political groups ?
