  imho , students need to be informed about what religions are about - but that must n't necessarily mean , that religions themselves should teach them , nor that they installed their own curriculum - which does happen currently , in many german federal states . 
  like i said , i do n't claim to have a sufficient answer to this , but i do n't buy religiously influenced answers either . 
  fish or chicken are also aware . 
  yet they 're on most of our plates . 
  question is , when does a human being become human enough , and i do n't claim to have a final answer to this , therefore i do n't interfere in this and give to people 's judgment , who are directly involved in this . 
  after all , all of these groups , who advocate abortion-bans are driven religiously anyway . 
  i do n't claim to have a sufficient answer for when life as a human being or consciousness starts . 
  what i do claim is , that religion does n't have sufficient answers either , yet religion wants to instill rules not only into those who believe , but others as well . 
  the thing is , that neither i , nor the government should decide anything , but doctors and those who are pregnant , based on what we can know about human life , guided by abortion counseling . 
  i expected a clear phase of transition before complete reunification . 
  korea is way different . 
  that 's for sure , because north koreans are much more isolated from the outside world . 
  some reports indicate , that there 's limited access to news from outside , because media is smuggled in via the chinese border . 
  nevertheless , i 'd expect that more people are indoctrinated by state propaganda , than it ever was the case in germany . 
  that 's completely against my experience . 
  but of course , i have n't been to all places in the netherlands , nor have i lived anywhere for a longer stretch in time . 
  though i have experienced rejection and milder forms of racism , this was rather rare , i have to say . 
  people were rather including , translated stuff for me , when i did n't understand , spoke german or english with me , when necessary . 
  as i do n't speak dutch at all . 
  the narrative , that it was the only option , how things might have worked after the reunification - `` treuhand '' , free trade and everything around the economy - insurance salesmen behaving like vultures , ... everything that went bad after it . 
  maybe mass unemployment and the `` exodus '' of people would n't have been such a problem , if government had taken more control over the economy . 
  of cause , we have a lot of sh . . on our own plates . 
  here comes the `` but '' : in religious matters , it 's often different , because religious denominations are often enough international businesses . 
  therefore i at least ideally support , what people in their own countries initiate , when i see at least a comparable struggle here . 
  i 'm in for secularism and separation of church and state . 
  they would n't know , if they do n't exist , or do they ? 
  why would they ? 
  because god said so ? 
  i guess , that 's european solidarity in this cause - which is good , i think . 
  also , the polish community in germany is quite significant , and many polish people with german heritage migrated for decades now . 
  you often do n't see them , as they 're well established , and they have family ties in poland . 
  i do n't really , but i must have polish ancestors , way back - but if i had lived in berlin , i probably would have been there , too , out of solidarity . 
  you also have to keep in mind , that berlin is quite close to the german-polish border . 
  if i lived that close to poland , i 'd definitely know more about this country , and i 'd feel even more affiliated . 
  that 's just my way of thinking . 
  i live nearer to the netherlands , and therefore feel more affiliated to this country , but in the end , we 're all neighbours . 
  germany is not an island , completely isolated from other countries , and it never was , and now we even have the `` european cause '' , on a much larger scale . 
  you 'll maybe have different ideas , but i identify myself not only as a german , but as a european . 
  `` german '' is just the obvious label , when you meet people from other countries - european is just the obvious label , when you meet people from other continents . 
  that 's how i see it - from small , to big , concrete , to abstract . 
  from my street , to my town , my region , federal state , country , europe , the world . 
  why should n't i support people in poland or other countries then , for their cause ? 
  the way i see it , we 're all in this , for one thing or another . 
  yep - germany is fine example , of how religiously influenced politicians rule the country against everything , that has changed in society , in recent years . 
  religious lobbyism is still rampant in politics , and there can and will be drawbacks , even in other european countries . 
  poland is an example for this right now , but i do see the at least comparable problems in almost all european countries , where churches are still powerful . 
  yes , in romania it was out of ideas of population control . 
  in poland , we even see a rollback after socialism , and poland already has one of the worst abortion laws , forcing women into illegal abortions , either `` wild '' , or across the border , in neighbouring countries . 
  this is something , we had in western germany , until the 80s . 
  we still have comparable problems with the right to end your life self-determined with assistance , here . 
  people , who are terminally ill and decide to end their lives , either do this illegally , or they go to switzerland these days - if they 're still capable of doing so . 
  romania has comparable problems with religious dogma influencing laws . 
  in poland , it 's catholic dominance , in romania it 's orthodoxy . 
  to be quite frank , i understand the cause , people stand up for here , because i personally know several german women , who had to visit the netherlands for an abortion in the 70s , because of more liberal , less religiously influenced laws there . 
  that was almost something you can describe as `` abortion-tourism '' . 
  i do n't think it 's right to force women into this situation . 
  `` bros before hoes ? '', 
  - not here , i think . 
  i support your cause - even if it 's not much more than lip service , here . 
  but people all over europe recognize this , that 's for sure . 
  i hope that there 's more solidarity forming in germany , too , supporting you in this cause . 
  german media is reporting on what 's going on in poland right now , and surely in secular circles it 's a bigger issue . 
  you are not completely alone in this . 
  that 's even more reason to appreciate this . 
  beautiful !, 
  the economic and political differences were really obvious . 
  of course , this can only be theory , but i 'm asking myself for a couple of years now , how east germany would have developed , if there had been some kind of special economy zone , predominantly self-governed . 
  many things went wrong directly after reunification , and in some aspects the claim that it was a `` hostile takeover '' of some kind is n't too far fetched . 
  many industries were just liquidated , the rest was taken over by west german investors , almost the whole political spectrum was taken over by western german parties and politicians , and the churches were fast in signing concordates and contracts with the new federal states . 
  first developments for a uniquely east german democracy were over with the incorporation into the bundesrepublik . 
  but i do understand , that there was this one time opportunity for reunification , and it was hard to tell at the time , for how long it was really open . 
  it 's not that i would n't recognize our common history and what we have achieved in over 25 years now . 
  i 'm just a little bit hesitant to buy the `` official '' narrative of the events unconditionally . 
  but all of this is easy to say for me , as it does n't cost me much . 
  born and living in western germany my whole life , i 've always had the relative freedom , we all enjoy today , and i did n't have family ties in the `` ddr '' . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i pretty much feel the same way . 
  in some aspects i even see more similarities and more kinship to you , than bavaria , but i guess this is a regional thing . 
  but apart from these obvious things we have in common , more than with other countries , i do see a wider common european heritage , too , that you dutch seem to have implemented more in society and public life - especially humanism - but that 's only my perception from my outside view . 
  yes , it 's indeed more of a joke , created from the outside view on germany . 
  but in his heyday , he used to be bigger in germany , than he ever was in the us , i think , and there were several reasons for this . 
  hasselhoff had more continuous success in germany . 
  out of several reasons , germany had a different tv landscape - still has - and his show `` knight rider '' was first aired later in 1985 , when this show in the us was in its final season . 
  out of several reasons in tv , `` knight rider '' was at its peak of popularity around 1987/88/89 here , where in the us , his success in `` baywatch '' , which was about to comem , was n't predictable . 
  here in germany , but also in some other european countries , he also had a successful music career . 
  he had an album out , as early as 1985 , when knight rider in the us already saw its final season , and this album had limited success in europe . 
  a second album followed , also virtually unknown in the us , and it had limited success in german speaking countries , too . 
  later , in 1989 , he had his first top ten hit single , with more to come in the following years . 
  have a look at his discography here : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_hasselhoff/diskografie from 1989 on , his songs and albums were produced by german producer jack white , and from what i can gather , they were published in europe , only . 
  so he was and is certainly bigger in germany , than he ever was in the us . 
  i think , that he is the perfect example of an american star , that 's way more famous abroad , than at home . 
  especially with his music , he somehow catered especially to a german speaking and european audience , and i think , that it first was a deliberate move to make it abroad , because after knight rider , he had a hard time in the us for many years . 
  when hasselhoff came back with baywatch for us audiences around 1990 , hasselhoff had always been present in germany and europe . 
  he was a household name here . 
  like almost every tv star 's fame , his fame also faded later here in germany . 
  i do n't know where this idea of hasselhoffs `` superstardom '' in germany first came up , but it 's certainly something from the us . 
  i remember the movie `` eurotrip '' , where in one scene you can see a part of a german music video by `` the hoff '' - `` du '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yt5rqkmahag that was n't really something a wider german audience really listened to . 
  but he had real success before that , here . 
  is this something you strive for , out of national or regional identity , or anything ? 
  i 'm just asking , because i never had these ideas , when there were two germanys .
