  all others , expect to be set back to the 50s or 60s in mobility . 
  why ? 
  german is structured constistently , like any other language is , and pronounciation is more consistent , than english . 
  from what i can gather , most people learning german have a hard time learning grammar , mostly . 
  that 's just bulls ... - that 's a meager 14 years to build a complete energy and car-loading structure for over 80 million people . 
  they have n't even managed to bring broadband internet to all people - now they 're dreaming of going completely electric . 
  see , that 's the thing , i guess . 
  i do n't think , that trade balances alone as a measure are reliable enough , to estimate a possible outcome for any country . 
  i think , that the car industry is a good example , because when any british car plant goes down , this also affects some small manufacturer for cables or screws somewhere in the world . 
  although we 're used to brand products associated with a particular country , like france or germany , these products are almost every time a `` group effort '' , planned , designed and manufactured anywhere in the world - particularly in europe , for european produce , but certainly not exclusively europe . 
  in the car-component-supplier-industry , i 've read that many suppliers have built plants in romania - from well established companies you 'd otherwise perceive as german , french , or swedish ... 
  when british manufacturers go down , these go down as well , and this might even have a stronger effect on romania 's domestic market , than germany 's , in that case , if it was a german supplier . 
  you 'll see this at the stock exchange , where a chosen few benefit from it , but you 'll directly feel it first , where the romanian workers are laid off in masses . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  turks inhabit `` asia minor '' for what - a millennium now ? 
  and modern turks actually do n't look much like mongols either . 
  nevetheless , turkish culture is there , for centuries , and they inherited what was there before , pretty much like all peoples who live in areas , who were once territory of the roman empire . 
  regarding the history of mankind , it 's a rather recent development , that people even care about ancient times , and i do n't see why turks should n't be interested in this , as the remnants of ancient cultures are obviously there , whereas today 's modern cultures and people obviously were n't thousands of years ago . 
  the roman empire is just common history and heritage for all of us . 
  you do n't even need to speak a romanic language , to understand this , because you would n't be able to form that many intelligible sentences , without any ancient roman or greek loan words . 
  same goes for modern turkish . 
  yeah - do we really need to compete , who has got the tallest ( church spire ) in the 21st century ? 
  i think , this is stunningly regressive and backwards thinking , and this reminds me of the tallest christ statue in the world - `` erected '' in 2010 in poland . 
  i do n't think , that this is a coincidence , as both countries seem to be the most religious bigger countries in europe . 
  beats me , why they need nuclear bunkers , though . 
  i suppose , it 's for the same reason , why churches all over the world still need lightning rods , although they all think they have god on their side , of course . 
  to be quite honest , i do n't think we can afford to allow buildings like these being built today , as they 're mostoften a visible claim of ideological hegemony over a `` realm '' , churches demand for themselves . 
  interestingly enough , people often start realizing this , when mosques come to the equation , too . 
  question is : how do you react to it - by building even bigger churches ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  and who pays for this building - church , or the tax payer in general ? 
  in many countries it 's the tax payer , after all , either when it 's built , or hundreds of years after it was built , as an effort to maintain these buildings as `` cultural heritage '' . 
  if people like it , it 's perfectly fine with me , then . 
  there would n't have been any progress in food , if people had blocked everything . 
  stuff like tomatoes , peppers or potatoes came from the `` new world '' some hundreds of years ago . 
  dishes looked way different today , without these ingredients , all over europe . 
  it 's not only the eu . 
  afaik , hondas for the european market are built in the uk , and parts come from all over the world . 
  my `` opel vectra '' i currently drive , was built at a vauxhall plant , if i remember correctly , and opel/vauxhall is gm . 
  parts also come from all over the world . 
  i really ca n't tell , who might lose the most . 
  the uk at least , will have to agree on many things they wanted to circumvent with brexit , to save jobs , i think - even immigration from the eu , which seemed to be something that lead people to voting for brexit . 
  i do n't care , because i always expect a difference between `` real '' traditional regional cuisine or home cooking , and food tv chefs like him `` translate '' to wider audiences with their own twists . 
  you would n't find anything `` authentic '' , if you did n't watch some granny over her shoulder . 
  i think that economy is intertwined to such an extent right now , that nobody will win in a supposed situation like this , and many companies not only operate in one eu-country , but in multiple eu-countries . 
  whoever decides for measures of economic protection or insulation - one side or the other - shoots himself in the foot anyway . 
  nobody really has the upper hand in this really , because it all effects economy as a whole . 
  maybe that was once one of the reasons for founding the eu in the first place , because it indeed can be seen as an insurance , that no single country can fall into too much national jingoism , when you 're reliant on cooperation with the other countries . 
  why ? 
  this is world history , and it had an influence on all of our lives , i think . 
  in turkey , you see the remnants of the roman empire . 
  almost everywhere you walk in europe , you 'll find roads , which date back thousands of years - not only from times of the roman empire . 
  it 's just that the romans were especially busy , building a connected net of roads . 
  afaik , the `` silk road '' is even older in most stretches . 
  i think , that this is all a fascinating part of common history , we all share . 
  seems to be interesting for some stretches of road or bike paths , but in most areas , i think it might look inappropriate - it 's like your neighbour painting his house in bright pink . 
  i do n't know why people are often that agitated by these `` interpretations '' of different dishes . 
  this is what tv chefs do all the time , whether they 're from a country , or not . 
  it would be different , if he sold this as `` authentic '' regional cuisine , but from what i can gather , that was n't even the case here . 
  maybe this guy was really high as a kite - still these ideas were somehow implanted in his brain . 
  this guy even shouted `` allahu akbar '' , when he was arrested . 
  this was just a lame excuse on his family 's side , to justify that their son was turned for djihadism . 
  afaik , these parents often are the last to recognize , to what extent their kids are radicalised often . 
  at first , they 're even happy , that their kids found to more religiosity . 
  that 's at least what i 've read in some cases . 
  sh . . hits the fan , when even parents find out , that these kids develop into something different , when they eventually are even critised for their `` wishy washy '' religiosity by their own offspring . 
  i would n't say that it did n't exist , but i think it would be quite interesting to know , with what german rap song you can shout along `` allahu akbar '' . 
  afaik , those `` islamic '' rappers rarely mix religion with music , as they are criticised by fundamentalists for doing so . 
  the rather prominent case of a german rapper turned djihadi shows , that they change from rap to reciting religious chants named `` nasheed '' rather . 
  yes , but it 's quite a ride from where i live , though . 
  i live closer to paris or london , than berlin . 
  and flights are that cheap these days , that it 's easier and cheaper to take a flight often . 
  turks in germany often watch localised versions of turkish tv programmes . 
  that 's a cultural influence from turkey - often almost the only one . 
  it 's not that uncommon today , when people choose their children 's names and name them after popular stars or their fictional characters . 
  when i grew up some decades ago , there were definitely more girls with names like `` g\u00fcl ... '' in my age group - but these were often first or second generation migrants , and turkish television was n't even a factor . 
  that can only be recent migration . 
  the first wave came in the early 20 . century . 
  only few words survived out of this early wave in common colloquialisms here , like `` matka '' , `` mottek '' , `` duppa '' . 
  i do n't have any statistics in this , but from what i can gather , acadamics and `` high potentials '' from germany often often migrate to canada , sweden and new zealand - not so much the us . 
  many doctors leave germany for better working conditions and adequate wages , from what i can gather . 
  but the way i see it , quite a large amount of germans is n't even willing enough to move in germany 's borders that much . 
  i know many germans , who would n't move too far away , out of family ties and love for their birthplace . 
  different spellings of the same name are listed combined here . 
  i do n't know , if this was the case for the name you mentioned . 
  i 'm a bit surprised , that you do n't find any female names with `` g\u00fcl '' , whether it 's in turkey , or germany . 
  i always thought , that turks in germany were sensitive towards these names , because they are n't perceived as that beautiful in the german language , as they are in the turkish language - after all , `` g\u00fcl '' does n't remind germans of a `` rose '' , but `` g\u00fclle '' - `` liquid manure '' . 
  you also give your child a hard time here , if you named it `` cengiz '' or `` attila '' , because the are rather seen as barbaric names . 
  you 'll also have problems with names , people just a unable to pronounce here , as turkish has a different alphabet , most people are unaware of . 
  after all , you ca n't do anything against preconceptions , misconceptions and misspellings . 
  so , this zakopane then ? 
  now i understand , why neighbours spend their winter holidays there . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  lucky you , if your from eastern germany . 
  in the west , we still have federal states like northrhine-westphalia , where the church runs schools , which 100 % funded by the government - elementary schools mostly , but still ... 
  nevertheless , the two major churches were quite fast in binding the then `` new federal states '' in concordates and church treaties - against a minority , that is not that religious anymore . 
  even in eastern germany , there 's no public building or street , that 's not instated without some pastor giving his blessings . 
  luxemburg decided to get rid of religious education now , and this provoked that these topics are discussed in germany , too . 
  according to a recent poll by yougov in germany , 69 % are in for replacing denominational re with a wider curriculum in ethics and values for all . 
  https://yougov.de/news/2016/09/28/mehrheit-fur-abschaffung-des-religionsunterrichts-/ i 'm in for this , too , and i think that schools should teach the basic principles of different religions .
