  it 's just that people were n't really free in eastern germany , and i 'm glad for them , that they got their personal freedom . 
  nevertheless , i could have lived with two german states , if people had equal rights and freedoms . 
  why ? 
  you would n't obviously call yourself german , and germany often enough culturally is too sef-centered to recognise the netherlands enough . 
  and `` german blood '' being mentioned in the national hymn ca n't really convince people to call themselves `` german '' . 
  we might have a lot in common . 
  nevertheless , i see differences , and to be quite honest , i see quite a lot of things , that are better in the netherlands , than they 'll probably ever be in germany . 
  indeed . 
  many people from my town almost `` traditionally '' visit certain cities in the netherlands , to do some shopping , eat some matjes , frikandellen or bitterballen , and all that good stuff , the netherlands have to offer . 
  people often buy a year 's supply of coffee , as it 's way cheaper , or they buy drinks in cans , as it 's still without deposit on cans there . 
  i doubt , that either germans , or dutch todays see it this way . 
  in the past , there was a wider cultural room , spreading across the border , speaking almost the same dialect , but the generalisation dutch = german does n't really work , imho . 
  but i for myself can tell you , that i feel somehow related to the dutch , out of the old dialects people used to speak in the area , where i come from in germany . 
  in some aspects , the dialects in northern germany are closer to the dutch language , than standard german was . 
  but the netherlands as a cultural nation developed that early , that it 's quite distinctive from their german neighbours . 
  but there 's one interesting factor , that not often discussed , but rather felt , and that is that the dutch language , though `` official '' and standard language in the netherlands , is often perceived as `` dialect '' by germans , as it 's that closely related to low german dialects . 
  this somehow leads to a difference in perception , i think . 
  like people do in many other languages , the `` high '' or `` standard '' language is for `` official '' purposes - dealing with state officials , your boss , etc , and dialect is used in families or with friends . 
  imho , when many germans hear dutch as a language , they perceive this as a colloquial language to fraternise with people , the way they use their dialect eventually , even if this is not the case in the dutch language situation . 
  i 've sometimes heard dutch people complaining , that germans did n't take the dutch language serious . 
  to some extent , this might be true , as this comes out of this `` code switching '' , germans are used to , when in dutch , there 's no code switching at all . 
  so , i do n't think germans and dutch are the same . 
  it 's close , but different . 
  i 'd even give you , that northern germans are closer to the dutch , culturally , but it 's not the same . 
  jump the border between germany and the netherlands , and you can immediately feel a different vibe in culture , and how people interact with each other . 
  i for myself , come to the conclusion , that dutch people are way more friendly , relaxed , collaboratively oriented than germans are . 
  i do n't know , how it used to be decades or hundreds of years ago , but that 's how i see it today . 
  even then , your ip is logged , anyway . 
  they do n't ask questions , how fast , how much or if you completely download it . 
  the ip itself , which pops up , is sufficient evidence enough . 
  even more so , there seem to be many cases , where the ip-address was n't the right one , but that 's even something you might need to prove . 
  yes , i guess that 's the whole controversy in it in a nutshell , and this is going for some years , now . 
  problem is , that these procedures ca n't be shunned as a business , yet . 
  like `` fluchtpunkt '' here already mentioned , they monetary claim consists of `` compensation for the rights violation '' , `` lawyer fee '' , expenditure for `` postage and communications '' and `` for the investigation of the copyright infringement '' . 
  they send papers along with it , where you need to sign , that you will never again infringe their copyright , which in themselves are highly dubious . 
  do n't pay , do n't react at all , and you 'll get sued , pay and sign this stuff , you 're out , but you 've signed something that strange and legality is questionable , pay and use yourself a lawyer , and you 'll even have pay more , because of this service - and you 're not sure , if this does n't come to court . 
  there 's about 10 or 15 law firms , who `` share the market '' , so to speak , because they specialised themselves for this , have the capability to send these things to thousands of households per month . 
  one can only speculate , who benefits from this , behind closed doors . 
  i really ca n't tell , but it indeed appears as a scam via a judicial loophole , and there are thousands of cases . 
  i 've read recently , that not every state attorney waved through everything these days , though . 
  they seem to sort out by relevance , nowadays . 
  but that 's not 100 % bullet proof . 
  specialized law firms , who are authorized by the copyright-holder send collected ips to a state attorney - time of the infringement , ip and subject of the infringement , and the state attorney then decides , that the service provider has to give out the real address of the customer , using the ip at that moment . 
  with this decision from state attorneys , the internet service provider has to give away the real contact person 's address . 
  for some special law firms , this appears as a business on its own , as state attorneys wave these claims through in bulk , these law firms send warnings for copyright-infringement , together with a monetary claim , without any real court decision , that really ruled for or against a plaintiff . 
  this is huge business . 
  that 's at least the case for file sharing . 
  with redtube , it was streaming , and it was questionable , if the ips were even found out legally . 
  when get mail via copyright infringement via file sharing , they claim their rights , because you share with others , therefore they see this as ominously `` distribution on a business scale '' , and with this law firms make profit . 
  they would n't earn money by bemoaning the download of a single file , or watching a stream . 
  nevertheless , all this stays illegal , though not followed . 
  with streams and illegal downloads , the plaintiff has to prove , that the source can clearly be recognized as illegal by the defendant , and that 's harder and not always promising for a win . 
  indeed , but people sometimes do n't think this far , and efficient led-lighting is often something , that 's too expensive , if you plan on a daily or monthly basis only . 
  that 's what i see here , too . 
  plus , soup kitchens and food banks were virtually unknown 15 years ago . 
  rents for for rather meager flats have risen tremendously , everywhere around the vicinity , where something new is built , and when that `` something new '' is flats , then it 's often overpriced space , where the price is justified by `` handicapped accessible '' , if it 's not directly homes for the elder . 
  ... and we 're not talking cologne , hamburg , munich , berlin here , where gentrification is already the norm for years now , it 's your average shitty town all over germany . 
  funny thing is , that i have n't even adressed homelessness . 
  i personally know people do n't crank up their radiators now to save money , sit at candle light in the evening reading books , not because it was that romantic , but to save money by lowering the electricity bill . 
  but homelessness is indeed a problem in my town , too , as this has significantly risen - risen to such an extent , that homeless shelters are n't sufficient enough for about three years now , where at the same time houses for asylum seekers for about four times the amount of people were opened during the last twelve months . 
  people see this kind of schizophrenic treatment of people here . 
  i does n't need to be close to reality for the majority - it 's obviously enough , when it 's reality for a minority of people , that 's steadily growing . 
  again , i do n't support acts of violence like this , but i see where this is coming from . 
  to be quite frank here , i even think this kind of violence struck the right people to address here , when violence hit the local political pariah , not asylum seekers , as in many places the local political leadership is blind to what 's going on in their `` realm '' . 
  not that i support it , but it does n't surprise me , and i see where this is coming from . 
  i do n't think , that many people do n't fear alienation . 
  but there are quite some people in germany , who think , that they 're kept short by government , and suppose that these often fear `` competition '' - competition for jobs and affordable housing . 
  when at the same time lines at soup kitchens and food banks have become longer , in recent years . 
  i do n't know why , but he 's tremendously popular in germany , too , somehow an 80s icon for some people , i guess . 
  this often reminds me of `` the hoff '' . 
  huh - my parents did n't buy me even small tank models or stuff modelled after contemporary real war equipment . 
  yes , that somehow resembles the poverty rate , here . 
  but it 's always questionable , how poverty is defined . 
  the thing is , that i do n't want to bitch an moan , in the vain of `` look , how bad we have it here ! '', 
  - it 's just that many people think , that everything was peachy in germany , as these statistics indicate something else than people 's reality in many regions in germany . 
  statistics are n't only rigged to ease off and calm down the german population , but i read many times , that politicians in other european countries use germany as a `` fine example '' of how it worked , to become the `` economic power house '' , germany is too often shown off as . 
  here i have to say , that all this sh . . here only works for some people , by skimping masses , holding them at a short leash . 
  i 'm not that focussed on numbers here , anyway . 
  i 'm more concerned about how people are conned by this number game of percentages , when reality often enough tells you the opposite . 
  i think it 's good , that we talk with each other on a larger scale , on platforms like this here , because this broadens you 're perspective on topics , beyond language barriers and national borders . 
  that 's why i 'm here , and that 's why i have written this . 
  i do n't buy these statistics . 
  i do n't know how you guys see this , but in germany , there 's an ongoing discussion , that the official unemployment rates are rigged or whitewashed , and the actual unemployment rate was much higher . 
  they count everybody out , who 's unavailable for the job market , because of temporary illness , jobs that only pay you 1 $ / hour , market integration initiatives , which are government funded , training , qualification and integrational initiatives , which do n't lead to real jobs - and still these people are on benefits , but there are not counted into statistics anymore . 
  real unemployment rates are higher , as the rate of people , who can only live with state subsidies is much higher . 
  of course , there can only be estimations , but from what i can gather from rather less reliable sources is , that the real unemployment rate must be 2.5-3 .5 % higher , minimum . 
  i do n't know , if every country in the eu rigs their statistics in a comparable manner anyway , but that 's at least how it is for germany . 
  there 's nothing to celebrate for , how low the unemployment rate in germany was , i can tell you that . 
  we have more working poor , according to different sources about 1.5 million kids living in households reliant on states subsidies , poverty is on the rise , a poor working class has become bigger , working in minimum wage jobs , which do n't allow to live without without financial support from the government . 
  it 's not really time for fiesta here , at least for around 16 % here , it 's not the time to celebrate . 
  i would n't necessarily say , that most europeans have a problems with practicing religion in general . 
  i think , it 's more judging religious faith over constitutional values - for turkey especially the rollback from state laicism , interference of religion in politics , separation of church and state and the drift to a presidential system , that might overwhelm the parlamentary system to at least some amount . 
  the thing is , at least for me , that when you look at turkey history , that it seemed to defend its democratic principles only by using undemocratic measures . 
  first , by authoritarianism in atat\u00fcrk being the leader and founding father , later by a cult of personality around him , and every time when they was the danger of elected religious fundamentalists overpowering parlament , the military , as the `` bearer of democratic principles '' took over by taking over government in a coup d'etat . 
  today , i 'm not quite sure , if i should be more worried about erdogans role as the new `` leader '' , or that the military this time failed in taking power . 
  but either way it 's undemocratic . 
  i know , that some european politicians pushed erdogan and turkey to change this role of the military , as a fundamental condition for eu membership . 
  these politicians are to blame at least to some extent for the current situation . 
  nevertheless , the need for the military in such a role , as well as erdogans role now is something i see as an expression of the underlying problem - which is , that too many people obviously want this mix of religion and state , and want a `` strong leader '' . 
  i do n't know , if turkish people in general are too religious , or just too ingenuous regarding poltics mixing up with religion , but i think religiosity , nevertheless , is the problem .
