  have they uncovered anything , yet , supporting these allegations ? 
  can anybody compare the different stores in different countries ? 
  it 's been a while , since i last checked the offers in different countries , just out of curiosity , and it seemed , that they had more local ( country ) produce , than i thought . 
  at lidl in germany , i thought i occasionally find products , that seem to cater to a uk market more , like frozen fish and chips , shortbread , chicken tikka massalah , or worcester-sauce , all from their own generic brands . 
  anyway , i buy both at aldi , as well as at lidl , and i like lidl more , in recent years . 
  aldi seems to change a lot recently , though . 
  they 'll start having their own in-store bakery soon , and the amount of brand-name products already has become higher . 
  i think it depends on where you live , but even in my part of germany , lidl used to be virtually unknown , and aldi was the only discount chain . 
  when i was a kid , 30 + years ago , aldis really looked shabby , and the stuff they sold was n't really good , most of the time . 
  you used to buy stuff at aldi , because it was cheap , but it often tasted cheap , too . 
  that changed during the 90s , if i remember correctly . 
  i also remember that aldi also made itself a name by selling special non-food offers , like computers . 
  i remember used to wait in line before opening for a commodore 64 , almost as they now do , when a new iphone comes out . 
  funny thing is , that i 've thought that aldi was that big in the uk . 
  a couple of years ago , i read that lidl stirred things up in the uk , and there also was a lidl-song . 
  from what i can gather , both chains have already moved away from their original concept of discount markets , and i 've read , that they will further do so - more `` real '' brands , more convenience , better presentation of the goods . 
  stores used to be some shelves under neon lights , where they threw in their crates and cartons . 
  this has changed quite a bit , more towards `` normal '' supermarkets . 
  let me come up with something here , that 's in my mind for a couple of years now : as english factually is the `` lingua franca '' of these days - the common denominator used in almost every international context - people obviously learn english as a first foreign language , in most of the countries in the world . 
  but i furthermore see more difference between countries , and i do see patterns here . 
  countries , that can rely on a wider world , where their own language is spoken , tend to be somehow more `` lazy '' to not only learn more languages , but also use them in practice . 
  i see this at least in my own country , germany , but also france and italy - all countries with a larger population , that can rely on their own language , either out of economical power , so that other countries learn the language for business relations , or cultural power , because culture is an export item people like . 
  i think it 's no coincidence , that in these countries , people watch movies and television dubbed , not only subbed . 
  smaller countries on the other hand , tend to put more effort in learning not only english , but a multitude of languages . 
  it 's not only , that their native language is much less spoken outside , but these countries are often economically more dependent on international relationships , and the are often `` importers '' , economically , as well as culturally , to a much bigger extent . 
  as these countries historically and currently need to stand their ground against the dominance oft bigger national economies , it 's often a pragmatic decision , to learn as many languages , as you can . 
  whether people from bigger countries like it or not , they are not only often perceived at least as `` dominant '' , if not more , but they factually are to a certain extent , if they are not thwarted by a larger community of nations and their own efforts to prevent their misuse of power in numbers and economic power . 
  at the same time , when there 's a perceivable rise in nationalism in smaller countries , and the difference in the `` balance of power '' becomes too big , smaller countries seem to bash around against bigger countries more , but at the same time people still learn more languages . 
  afaik , people in smaller countries watch movies and television dubbed mostly . 
  this often does n't appear to be a question of a rather small market for dubbings , but people are often used to this , and they learn foreign languages more anyway . 
  then there are the multilingual states . 
  i think , that those states not always , but often are the most relaxed one , because out of a common culture with more than just one country , they are used to the idea of multinational relationships , although this does n't always work without inner and outer tensions . 
  it obviously works best , if these languages are mostly equally divided and spread , and when some language has n't come recently as the language of an outside aggressor , or even occupier . 
  these are at least my views on this , out of my own subjective perspective from germany . 
  i think , this explains , why germans and french barely speak english , sometimes one or two languages more , whereas people from other smaller european countries are often much more `` polyglot '' . 
  of cause , it all stands and falls with the educational system , but you can have the best educational system in the world , teaching 10 languages regularly - if students and people in general do n't see a merit and value in their lives in learning a language - be it economically or culturally - they wo n't learn 3 , 4 or 5 languages , but hardly any language at all . 
  the german school system , as i had experienced it , i would rather describe as sub-par . 
  in english , i learned the basics , but not really how to use the language . 
  in french , as the second language i learned , i was n't really that good , to be honest , and at that time , there was n't too much cultural import from france , that caught my interest . 
  there were some cook movies from france , but everything is dubbed hear . 
  i listened to hip hop from france in the late 90s , but that was only a phase for me . 
  overall this was `` pre-internet '' for me , so i did n't have the opportunities , we all take for granted today , watching movies , using media outlets from everywhere around the world . 
  later , in recent years , i did n't have the time , nor the will power to learn more french , or to learn a new language from scratch . 
  i have to admit , i failed in this , so far , as i failed big time in learning japanese some years ago . 
  i had no idea , that they even do this in english . 
  ha - that 's great !, 
  so you must understand more than me here , i suppose . 
  ja , ja - `` k\u00fcan '' is ook hier `` reden '' - in m\u00f6nsterl\u00e4nner platt . 
  why ? 
  just jump right in . 
  usually , from english , you 'll find at least some similarities in germanic languages , sometimes in romanic languages , too . 
  this is a huge playground with languages . 
  nobody expects you to understand everything . 
  any swiss here ? 
  from what i 've heard `` m\u00fcsli '' - as it 's spoken in germany , makes the swiss cringe everytime , as it means `` little mouse '' in swiss german . 
  i guess , i see the reason here , why i stopped learning turkish some years ago . 
  wat is dat komplezert . 
  well , at least in my home town , you 'll hear some young people shout something in the vain of `` kurwa , schei\u00dfe , lan ... !, 
  three languages in one sentence ... 
  but is n't it the first you learn in any language ? 
  at least not in proper education , but when you meet people ? 
  i do n't know that much polish , but `` kurwa '' was indeed the first word i learned . 
  it 's just that it 's as `` versatile as fuck '' . 
  now i 'm reminded of billy connolly here . 
  one of the best comedians ever !, 
  hej - bi ons to hus seggt man traditionell ook `` k\u00fcan '' , nich `` snacken '' . 
  but that 's about all i can say in this language . 
  i understand a few words , but that 's about it , and nobody speaks it anymore , here . 
  `` do n't mention the war ! '', 
  with all religions , there 's always the danger , that the organisational structures of religion , as well as the individual , values `` divine right '' over `` wordly '' laws . 
  as long as both are the same , there are n't many problems , but when there 's a discrepancy between secular humanist values and religious values , that 's when sh . 
  hits the fan . 
  christians in general , and catholics in particular , might not blow themselves up , as extremist muslims do these days . 
  nevertheless , the problems are here , and in poland , in this particular topic , there are n't abstract , but concrete - and there 's much more , the catholic church has to offer , in that department . 
  whereever they can , they undermine the values of the enlightenment , which should be the true values , that people should uphold as a common heritage in europe . 
  that 's what differentiates us from religious barbarism - not christianity . 
  i agree with this , when analysts say , that women 's rights and gay rights are an indicator for how well human rights and freedom are implemented in a state and in a society . 
  `` this is probably why the pill is recommended by eu to be prescription free . '', 
  maybe , that 's the influence of social democrats and socialists from germany in the eu , too . 
  as much as politics are influenced by the churches here , too , there was a shitstorm , regarding this topic , a couple of years ago . 
  in germany , many hospitals are completely publicly funded , but run by the church . 
  in cologne , there was an incident , where a young woman was denied this pill in a `` catholic '' hospital , after she was raped . 
  the public outrage was at least that high , that not only did the church have to give in , but this pill was indeed made prescription free after this incident . 
  seems like all of this even went too far for the majority of the pious politicians . 
  that 's at least , what you hope for . 
  i know . 
  some political analyst say , that women 's rights and gay-right can be a measurement , for how much freedom a society has . 
  of cause , church and religion oppose same-sex-marriage and abortion rights everywhere . 
  but nevertheless , these are indeed different topics . 
  no , not true . 
  legal marriage in itself is something different , than church marriage , and only some protestant churches are willing to marry gay couples . 
  an gay couples do n't have a marriage before state , but a `` privileged partnership '' . 
  `` american religious groups '' - who would have thought ? 
  it 's the same all over europe - if it 's some whacko backwards religious position , be sure , that there 's some american fundamentalist-christian movement involved . 
  in western germany in the 70s , many german women used to visit abortion clinics in the netherlands . 
  and as germany forbids assisted suicide for people , who are terminally ill , those people today often go to switzerland . 
  every now and then , a religiously laden topic like this comes up in politics , and then you see , who the real `` masters '' of the political-caste are . 
  practically , yes , politcians do , what a certain `` clique '' wants . 
  but i do n't know of any government , where ministers do n't swear an oath to serve the people - not `` their voters '' . 
  i really has become ridiculous in poland .
