  huh ? 
  you should revisit the research on that one my friend . 
  nah you 're confused because in the first part of the sentence a collection of individual animals ( all animals ) is referenced while in the last part a word that can mean a collection of individuals but also a family of animals is offered as an example of an exception . 
  it can be ambiguous depending on what you are prong to substitute in front of the word ` fish ' . 
  you read ` all fish ' , he read ` some fish ' . 
  i enjoyed this discussion though , so i 'll award upvotes for both of you !, 
  no , it 's the same because we toss the cows in the ocean and spear them to death from boats . 
  do n't you know anything about slaughtering animals according to eu guidelines ? 
  i just read some reports from pliny , the governor of bithynia , to trajan . 
  apparently these heretics practice cannibalism and other unspeakable crimes there and are a huge problem . 
  the good news is that under torture and threat of execution they are more than happy to curse christ and worship the true gods and the emperor . 
  so not exactly saying it was an accident . 
  yes the intelligence services of the netherlands might inform a * dutch * airline like klm but definitely not * every fucking international flight that leaves schiphol * . 
  neither do the french or british . 
  you are insane if you think that 's their responsibility . 
  that 's malaysian airlines responsibility and that 's reflected in the investigation report . 
   cda , d66 and vnl all wanted to get some clarity from the dutch cabinet about what they knew about the east-ukrainian airspace . 
  which is the opposite of a shut down debate you unbelievable tool . 
  you 're quoting articles dating pending investigation in fucking januari . 
  this * is * part of the debate now and this * is * part of the report and the investigation and evaluation and would definitely be part of any form of trial if russia does n't put a stop to it . 
  you 're obviously in some delusion that you are privy to information that 's being kept from the public ( except for you for some reason ) by some evil conspiracy but this is all part of the official investigation . 
  get a grip on reality . 
  man , you should have told me that earlier , would 've saved me some time . 
  i knew from your first comment you 're an ignorant uninformed conspiratard waste of breath . 
   well the french government apparently does . 
  because obviously a government is n't able to ban planes from flying over certain areas or is unable to influence difference airline companies to stop flying over war zones where advanced anti-air installations are used . 
  what the fuck do you mean `` the french government apparently does '' ? 
  how is that supported by the rest of that paragraph ? 
   also , i do n't understand why your government is n't suing the ukraine government ? 
  no-one is fucking being sued right now , you 're judging prematurely . 
  ukrainian government giving clearance for their airspace is definitely part of the report so their responsibility will probably come into question in proceedings . 
   the dutch government was aware of this but decided not to do anything . 
  again : do n't be a fucking twat . 
  the dutch government does n't decide flight-paths for outgoing planes of malaysian airlines . 
  what 's so hard to understand about that ? 
  malaysian airlines is responsible for their decision and this too is examined in the report . 
   the huge clusterfuck is the reason why you 're government is trying to shut down every debate on the topic and why it discussed the topic in backrooms . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  non-disclosure pending investigation is normal . 
  no debates have been shut down . 
  in fact debates on this topic happen every day in dutch media and government . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  if you have no idea what you are talking about maybe do n't speak at all . 
  what does ` basically ' mean ? 
  how did they actually phrase it ? 
  that sounds more realistic than `` it was an accident '' . 
  the dutch government does n't decide where private airlines fly . 
  it 's kind of sad you are such an ignoramus and still insist on sharing your opinion . 
  not just that but there was never a legitimate military target they were trying to hit in the first place so it can hardly even be called collateral damage or an accident . 
  let 's be honest , we kind of do . 
  you must be an easy mark . 
  i was referencing a different movie but saying which one would be a massive spoiler :p, 
  maybe we can have it operated by one guy and automatically keep replacing him with his own clones when he expires . 
  they fucked up when they let an employee get this involved with the user community to the point that community became codependent on her . 
  that 's just bad business . 
  keep your paid employees as far away from customers/users as possible to avoid messes such as this . 
  then they fucked up by withdrawing that employee on a dime instead of gradually , tearing the bandaid off exposing the codependent relationship the community had built with that employee . 
  now they are fucking up by trying to patch it up again with the same methods ( albeit in a slightly less severe form ) instead of just sticking it out . 
  [ religious discrimination . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_discrimination ), 
  i woke up to the sounds of my neighbor beating the life out of his girl and had to call the cops . 
  now this shit . 
  that 's reasonable . 
  but just fyi you attacked me first by painting me like some misogynist , which is arguably worse than being stupid . 
  have a nice day . 
  jesus christ you are dumb , and not because you are a woman , just because you lack reading comprehension . 
   sooooo women only make achievements because men are too distracted to make the same ones ? 
  in a lab you 're not in competition , you work as a team . 
  `` i perform worse when women are around '' does n't pertain to those women or their performance . 
  do n't you understand that ? 
  that sentence does n't state that those women perform better because i am distracted , it states that * i * perform worse . 
  yeah but with no reported injuries or fatalities so not exactly a major incident , just like on this list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_and_radiation_accidents_and_incidents#nuclear_power_plant_accidents, 
   if the new reactors are as safe as from european production that is a thing what i dont know . 
  safer probably . 
  since chernobyl all major recorded incidents happened in europe , us and japan . 
  that 's what putin is trying to accomplish according to many experts : disband nato or at least weaken it so it wo n't intervene with future aggressive moves . 
  i do n't think a lot of people in the eu ( except poland i guess ) realize yet that behind the facade of madness russia is actually accomplishing its goals at an increasingly fast pace . 
   sometimes we even do it better yeah because men are distracted by you . 
  that was the joke you idiot . 
  he was n't downplaying women 's achievements , he was riffing off his own weaknesses . 
  it 's still a controversial topic in pedagogy but research in britain has on occasion already show that boys perform up to 20 % better in single-sex education while girls benefit as well but to a lesser degree . 
  why people get upset over a lighthearted remark that only alludes to his own character and might even have a psychological reason is beyond me . 
  lighten up , it 's just a joke that did n't get a laugh . 
  nothing sick about it . 
  i packed my bag and in it i put ... sunscreen , clean underwear , a snorkel and [ a column of heavy armored vehicles . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/onhcrmpxtec ), 
  remember that time when he disappeared for a week and everyone speculated there had been a coup ? 
  it was like the opposite of that this week . 
  your tourists fucking suck . 
  work on your representation in foreign countries . 
  [ we have one about something in luxembourg ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/38x4q4/luxembourg_rejects_foreigner_voting_rights/ ) . 
  what part of that is  try to push laws through court you know that courts do n't make legislation right ? 
  politicians do that . 
  courts just rule on procedures started by citizens , which is within their constitutional rights , based on existing laws . 
  you should have paid attention in school , maybe you 'd have a clue what was going on in our country and maybe you would n't feel so much unfounded outrage against a group of your fellow nationals . 
  they did n't and that 's impossible . 
  you 're right , the hate against minorities really tends to flare up when they exercise their rights to protest or be part of the democratic process . 
  lol . 
  geert wilders is also a huge fan of israel , having spent part of his youth there , hence the current lack of anti-semitism from the right wing at the moment . 
   taoiseach i agree that it sounds incredibly powerful .
