  we could 've easily and comfortably projected enough force at that time to shift the frontline well beyond the crash site and held it for the duration of the investigation . 
  the choice that was made not to was made for political reasons . 
  the issue was n't that we * could n't * , the issue was the we * did n't want to * . 
  involving mbts and heavy arty in an offensive in ukraine would n't have made sense anyway and most likely an operation to secure the crash site would n't have involved them in the first place . 
  true . 
  risk is defined as chance * effect . 
  maybe so , but people who hinge their arguments on the fallacy of relative privation are arguably worse . 
  also ... 
  broken window fallacy . 
  there are definitely preventative measures possible even against a lone-wolf bomber scenario you describe . 
  even when an attack such as that is carried out successfully there is another benefit of surveillance such as cameras that you are conveniently ignoring : aiding in the investigation afterwards . 
  a black box in a plane does n't prevent the crash but that does n't make it useless . 
  being able to piece together exactly what happened is crucial to developing preventative strategies for such occurrences in the future , whatever those might be . 
  consider for example the value of forensic investigating and compare that to surveillance . 
  knowing what kinds of substances are used in attacks by forensic analysis afterwards have led to all kinds of legislation around acquiring chemicals , making it harder to prepare explosives . 
  in the same way will data analysis from surveillance allow investigators to map the behavior and movement of suspects and develop new tactics for response and prevention and legislation . 
  tl ; dr : even after the fact of a successful attack being able to analyze surveillance data is invaluable to connect the dots and develop new prevention and response strategies . 
  well it has the benefit of limiting accountability and consequences for one 's actions . 
  dictators get hung or stretched over a lamp-post and eviscerated , democratically elected rulers just do n't get re-elected and continue with profitable careers in the private sector . 
  well ukraine did n't really have a chain of command as they were in the middle of deposing a corrupt government . 
  it 's easy to talk tough but in a situation like the one ukraine was in you ca n't be sure if your lower ranking officers will take responsibility to give an order like that without orders from higher up . 
  woaw do n't throw alexander the great under the bus like that !, 
  not cool man , not cool . 
   femen is a group of attention seekers with nothing better to do than push the limits of vulgarity . 
  do n't be such a drama-queen , they 're just tits . 
  obviously you use the ordnance to destroy the planes . 
  it 's not that complicated people , gosh . 
  what time period of maintenance are we talking ? 
  i find it hard to believe 10 years of maintenance is cheaper than one cannon-burst . 
  they have modern radar detection and a high troop/trench to front-line ratio with nightvision and thermal equipment . 
  even if you get lucky and manage to get a team in , they probably are n't getting out with the hvt . 
  it would almost certainly turn into a battle of mogadishu situation . 
  you ca n't fly or sneak into e-ukraine territory anymore . 
  may have been possible right after it happened but now that ship has sailed . 
  ua does some noe insertions to the front within their own territory but that 's about it . 
  everything that flies near the front gets detected and shot down . 
  everything that rolls or crawls near the front gets detected and wiped out with at or artillery or snipers . 
  it 's too late . 
  people , and especially dead people , are actually pretty damn flammable . 
  this frequently gets pointed out in safety courses for example in instructions on how to use fire-blankets . 
  it takes some energy to get it started but once you 're lit you burn like a torch . 
  human bodies , particularly the outer layers , consist of carbohydrates , fatty acids and fat that burn pretty well . 
  decomposition adds products from bacteria to that like methane . 
  if you 've ever seen a bonfire up close you 'll know that the radius of tolerable temperature due to the radiance of the flames amounts pretty quickly as you scale a fire up . 
  do n't be so quick to call something `` physically impossible '' or `` mockery of intelligence and reason '' . 
  brave men sacrifice their karma so that others may learn . 
  oh cool , thanks for the info . 
  my grandfather used to have an allotment garden . 
  he grew strawberries , beans and lettuce and stuff there . 
  what 's a garden town ? 
  [ half the world 's neo-nazi 's are russians in russia . 
  depends on what method was used for the reproduction . 
  sure you will notice up close . 
  a silk-screen print ? 
  a lot harder to impossible without knowing the texture of the original work . 
  it 's also just the artist 's choice what material and method he uses . 
  the original can be exactly the same as the reproduction or reprint visually . 
  i.e. , a $ 20,000 tittyshot of miley cyrus will not look different in a glossy paper than in the original file on the computer . 
  if you tell someone it 's worth a lot of money and took a lot of skill to make it 's pretty unreasonable to then go `` psych !, 
  you gullible fucking idiot !, 
  i cut this out of a tabloid ! '', 
  what a dumb prank . 
  ikea has sold van gogh prints as well , does n't make the original work 10 euros . 
  nevercrew are professional artists , just because their work does n't feature in this museum does n't mean it * could n't * . 
  all they 've proven is that people ca n't tell the difference between the first ( original ) production of an art piece and later copies . 
  we already knew this of course because for example counterfeiting is a thing that exists and can be convincing . 
   why run for government when you refuse to take any and all responsibility . 
  a lot of power and no responsibility ... why * not * run for government ? 
  scotland had their chance and voted no . 
  england they will be from now on . 
  scandinavians only drink when they 're in germany . 
  they ca n't afford alcohol at home . 
  they all use these caffeine patches instead . 
  yeah i know what you meant , i was just joking . 
  that aside , i still do n't think nato command is easily influenced by public opinion in an occasion such as an invasion of poland . 
  merkel and rasmussen would lose their shit for one . 
  cia source : gawker is not a source . 
  i particularly liked the rt one that implies they will weekend at bernie 's him . 
  afaik reddit does n't command nato forces so it should be fine . 
  fuck that looks like fun . 
  i do n't do dope anymore but bacchanals like that . . 
  i would jump right in . 
  we have those as well , as learner planes . 
  they 're pretty awesome . 
  ours are the pc-7 . 
  [ here 's a cool picture . 
  ] ( http://www.defensie.nl/binaries/content/gallery/defence/content-afbeeldingen/topics/materiel/aircraft-and-helicopters/pilatus-pc-7-turbo-trainer/pilatus-pc-7-turbo-trainer.jpg ), 
  i think this is about to happen https://youtu.be/dge3edysjik, 
  do n't need all of belgium , just need flanders to secede with us . 
  and enough of the netherlands ' military is concentrated in brabant , so , bring it on . 
  we got two air-force bases and a couple motorized infantry battalions . 
  oh and btw , infrastructure in the north of the netherlands sucks anyway . 
  cross the border from brabant to south holland and all the roads are crooked and badly maintained . 
  the north ca n't survive without the technological know-how of the south . 
  go suck a pen , we 'll dig 400 km of trenches before you can mobilize one amb unit . 
  who needs holland ? 
  anything north of the rivers is just bureaucracy . 
  zeeland can into independence with brabant . 
  limburg definitely not . 
  brabant does n't want into france .
