  good luck with your version of reality . 
  i did in birkenau . 
  it was 15 years ago though so you know ... 
  you 're a student of a labor union ? 
  that 's rather unconventional . 
  no no . 
  just trying to add some perspective . 
  i 'm not mad or anything , if i was i 'd included a sad emoticon or that one with the s for a mouth . 
  we can have a laugh and still learn something about history and the camps ca n't we ? 
  and i was n't trying to be patronizing when i said to visit the camps . 
  it 's quite informative and has excellent commodities like a great restaurant and you can sleep in the former officers quarters . 
  you mean where they arrive in southern europe ? 
  i 'd agree that it 's completely unfair to southern european countries and very unproductive to keep them there like that . 
  these kinds of problems are pretty much why we have a eu , to share the burden of these kinds of problems and to prevent conflict . 
  right now countries are proving themselves quite the fair-weather friends . 
  if it were up to me we 'd start cutting loose countries that refuse to cooperate immediately . 
  yes but they dropped zyklon b chrystals through holes in the ceiling and they would sublimate from solid to gas on the floor . 
  the gas chambers looked and functioned nothing like what you see in this picture . 
  also the people who give tours there are actually camp survivors . 
  i 've been on these tours and they are n't the kind of people that would be offended by this at all even if there was a connotation . 
  visit these camps people , it 's worth it . 
   mentioned self driving cars/lorries , pallets can be easily loaded / unloaded by robots . 
  many construction site vehicles are automated , agriculture gets that as well . 
  that 's incredibly naieve . 
  these technologies take a lot more time to be implemented and adapted in the industry than you make it out . 
  just because you see a youtube video of a korean prototype robot does n't mean that will be industry standard any time soon . 
  it needs to pass cost/benefit tresholds , mechanics need schooling , failure rates need to be brought down with more r&d , licensing and insurance products need to be developed ... hell where i worked they were still using first generation nav systems and 15 year old fork lifts . 
  the most modern asset was the rostering system , developed in-house , but that was absolute shit and they would 've done better investing in 3rd party software . 
  no , we let them come in thousands to work in northern europe . 
  like spaniards and mainly portuguese . 
  hell there are even dutch companies specialized in getting them here with buses and housing them . 
  -- you think ahold will mostly have replaced its vehicle fleet and distribution centra within 20 years ? 
  how long will it take before a self-driving lorry can dock itself , weigh itself and unload itself ? 
  have you been on the workfloor in logistics ? 
  i 've worked in logistics , i 've seen navigation systems improve and shave off some minutes per shift and i 've seen a robot arm sorting some crates of beer ( poorly ) . 
  that 's about it . 
  we still need busloads of polish , czech , hungarian , romanian and portuguese labor , more than are arriving . 
  longer term sure , we 'll lose a shitload of jobs but that 's decades away from becoming substantial and that development currently is n't catching that particular blow . 
  think about how long it 'll take for google to finish their self-driving cars for example . 
  and i ca n't even imagine a functional automatized way of unloading these lorries and sorting these magazines any time soon . 
  not to mention jobs picking fruit and vegies in the dirt or working with and butchering animals in abattoirs . 
  experience has learned that guest worker and immigrant are practically interchangeable depending on policies . 
  when we started accepting eastern europeans the expectation was they would settle and stay but that turned out not to be the case , they wanted to return home instead and come back depending on economic climate . 
  conversely when the right imported guest labor from morocco a lot of them decided to stay when the following left government decided to close the borders . 
  they were afraid of not getting a chance to return for another stretch if they left the netherlands to return to morocco . 
  immigration experts therefor think the vast majority of current refugees will want to return home when things stabilize in their home country . 
  they think that if we close the borders they will be more likely to try and settle permanently and move their families over instead of functioning as guest labor . 
  immigrant labor is a huge part of the dutch economy . 
  mainly eastern europeans but that source is slowly drying up as eastern eu states ' economies are improving . 
  if you want to keep buying dutch products we could actually use a new generation of immigrant labor . 
  just need sectors like agriculture and logistics to sway public opinion and convince the dutch people of the benefits of immigration we 've been reaping for 40 years now . 
  that 's even a big part of the reason sweden and germany are popular : those countries stimulate them getting on a track to employment . 
  in the netherlands for example they are placed in refugee camps in small towns with no jobs , endlessly waiting for the bureaucracy to advance their status so they have a chance of building a life for themselves . 
  football is * not * soccer you american shill . 
  closing the borders has some serious drawbacks : it 's incredibly expensive to enforce well and it 's also shown to slow the outflow ( people not going home when they would have because they think they wo n't get a chance to come back later ) . 
  so it could be counter productive . 
  the average age of the current immigration flow is also quite favorable and because it 's costly to get here it 's mostly skilled labor that was previously employed in their country of origin . 
  so there is a sort of natural selection process going on already . 
  you 're an aboriginal ? 
  in that case it 's actually less than 2 % . 
  on behalf of white people : sorry what we did to your land , that was n't very nice of us . 
  if you 're white then please provide sources as to the demographic distribution in vancouver . 
  it sounds far fetched . 
  edit : assuming you do n't mean the 1870s but the 1970s you probably are n't an aboriginal . 
  not exactly sure . 
  you 'd have to look it up , i just know it 's pretty fucking insane . 
  when i was studying chemical engineering ( ten years ago ) dow chemicals made up about 22 % of the dutch bnp with one refinery and then there 's also shell with even more capacity . 
  i dare not speculate on exact numbers . 
   there 's massive unemployment for all migrants ; iraqis , somalis , syrians etc. 
  in the netherlands . 
  70 % + of somalis do n't work , 50-60 % of iraqis and over half of all syrians . 
  yes because they are n't allowed to work because they do n't get citizen status so they 're stuck and exploited in illegal jobs . 
  new refugees and immigrants go to asylumseeker camps in bumfuck country side towns that do n't have any jobs in the first place . 
   money is what you need . 
  not people . 
  people are only useful as far as economic productivity . 
  if you 're productive you can devote more resources , facilities and labor ( which you need to pay for ) towards caring for the elderly . 
  migrants from the third world are not productive . 
  yes and if you have an aged population with only 1 in 5 actually suited for labor you ca n't be productive so there 's no money for elderly care and you ca n't free up more labor for elderly care . 
  healthcare ca n't compete in the free market if you have geriatric majority . 
   if you look at the birth rates for natives vs. immigrants + the rate of immigration it means dutch people , germans , swedes , french people and others will all become minorities in their own countries in 2-4 generations . 
  that 's bullshit fear mongering . 
  muslim population for example has n't even peaked above 3 % total since the fucking 80s . 
  that 's because contrary to popular belief there 's also a huge outflow . 
  even with the recent increases it 's still a piss driblet in a huge shit bucket . 
  anyway , good luck with your disinformation propaganda campaign . 
  we 're trying . 
  we have 4 or 5 cities right now that want to start experiments with basic income because they 're fed up having to manage a broken unproductive system . 
  unfortunately the national government is forbidding it right now . 
  exactly the same thing is happening with our weed laws by the way : cities want to legalize and start projects to grow mary jane in a controlled taxed way , government blocks it . 
  most of these countries are n't actually exporting their resources in the conventional sense , if they were they 'd rich like dubai . 
  instead their corrupt officials allow western companies to export oil in exchange for some low paid jobs and bribes . 
  it 's actually genius from our end and way cheaper and easier than colonialism , that was such a hassle . 
  you would n't believe how much of our bnp is directly gained from fossil fuel imports this way . 
  1 ) it can be implemented in whatever way works best . 
  we could do basic income when they leave high school or for everyone if it stimulates birth rates . 
  whatever works best . 
  2 ) people spend their welfare checks on drugs as well , it 's no different just easier and cheaper to run a system like that . 
  no great minds will be wasted , some great minds might even be occupying themselves with real challenges instead of frying burgers at mcd . 
  people can start following their dreams instead of being influenced by negative motivation like money .
