  obviously there 's a lot of extreme right and neo-nazi in their ranks but it 's not official and azov is not an exclusively right batallion , let alone extreme-right exclusive . 
  you can point to this one batallion with a sketchy image and membership and say `` look how much nazism there is in ukraine '' but let 's not forget ** fucking half ** the world 's neo-nazis are * in fact * russian living in russia . 
  if russia wants to fight nazi 's they should start within their own borders , since they are the biggest safe-haven for extreme right groups * in the world * . 
  i do n't know what ukip is exactly but if you need the word ` balanced ' to qualify how good a doc is it 's either because you 're russian or because the group it 's about has abject populist views , or both . 
  since it 's about britain i 'm assuming i 'm about to see hardcore racists being projected in a moderate light . 
  the silver lining of the blatant russian propaganda : the intellectuals will migrate west in search of tolerance and free speech where they will benefit eu while the nationalist bigots stay in russia instead of pissing on minorities and draining social spending . 
  win-win . 
  just noord-brabant . 
  we do n't need the rest of the provinces . 
  observing restraint and interpreting it as weakness is about as weak as it gets . 
  if anything it has shown nato allies are capable of pulling together and following deliberate cohesive strategy . 
  russia has been exposed as unstable and lacking any control or sensible leadership . 
  only nsa whistleblowers are safe in russia . 
   kickass.to ... is down as well . 
  proxies can only be updated when the original site is up so they 're not current . 
  that 's what putin wants . 
  he 's using reverse psychology betting we wo n't do what it seems like he wants . 
  that way we 'll look more like nazi 's when we do it anyway and that 's in line with his propaganda . 
  fuck putin : withdraw the resolution . 
  learn to use google . 
  not my problem you 've been living under a rock . 
  learn to use google . 
  holy shit you have an insanely delusional idea of what war looks like . 
  i do n't give a shit how you view it . 
  you can stay ignorant if that makes you feel comfortable . 
  i refuse to google it for you . 
  do n't expect anyone to take you seriously in debate though , you 're just wasting everyone 's time . 
  i kind of doubt that the entire population of estonia ( including babies , toddlers , elderly and women ) are battle-ready or willing to take their chances with mortar fire and starvation . 
  or maybe you just do n't give a fuck about estonians and live in your own macho fantasy thinking war is just your chance to be an ak wielding hero against russian oppression . 
  let 's see how you feel about that when all your cities and towns look like aleppo from the constant artillery barrages and airstrikes in a nato v rf conflict . 
  you can go without food for 3 weeks and water for 3 days . 
  have fun with that . 
  nato does n't say anything about accepting refugees from estonia . 
  fine . 
  but then do n't come knocking when russia annexes your ass and starts the ethnic cleansing . 
  fun fact : i 'm also the duke of interpolations . 
  no , what you do is threaten them and their families with doing so and turn them into real spies . 
  and luxury items are more important than basic needs like food , water , medicine and clothing . 
  this type of behavior is completely understandable if you want a cheap toaster for your kitchen but hunger is a motivation for altruism , order and sharing . 
  everyone knows that . 
  reminds me of images from hurricane katrina . 
  those entitled pricks on rooftops with help signs waving at news helicopters !, 
  like everyone is going to fit in there . 
  just accept your fate like a man and starve with dignity amirite . 
  a republican is going to win though . 
  there has n't been two democrat presidents in a row since johnson . 
  if trump gets the nomination i 'm pretty sure he 'll win . 
   depends on your opinion of giant boars in the living room . 
  i 'm quite ambivalent to the idea . 
  my thoughts as well and especially the germans . 
  the way you guys have been profiling yourselves on this sub and in the media makes me want to move to germany . 
  major props . 
  next time i 'm in germany beers on me !, 
   why was this posted , specifically , do you think ? 
  personally i would have posted this because in this case * a fucking tongue was bitten off . 
  * i mean : how friggin cool is that ? 
  it 's straight out of hannibal . 
   some basics of conversations  if you are claiming something , you have to provide sources , not your opponent should do this . 
  no that 's debate specifically , not conversation . 
  and even if it 's debate it 's considered fallacious and bad form to frustrate the flow of debate by demanding unreasonable proof for statements you can realistically be expected to know are true . 
  simply put : do n't debate like a six year old . 
  shouting `` source please ! '', 
  for every claim is not the mark of a master debater , quite the opposite ; it 's a non-conductive and subversive tactic . 
   or you 're always this retarded ? 
  inconclusive . 
  could n't find a credible source . 
   yes i do , and you should too . 
  do you have a credible source on that ? 
   thing is , there are credible sources on basically everything that exists under the sun gravity included . 
  do you have a credible source on that ? 
   angry silent downvotes suggest that the statement `` russian government does n't cares about anti-gay violence '' is hard to back properly . 
  do you have a credible source on that ? 
  you also need a source on how gravity exists or have you come to accept that as true by now ? 
  there was a massive gun battle in the streets of grozny not too long ago . 
  december 4th . 
   the point remains that if the reu tries to make life difficult for the uk the problem is the way you phrase that . 
  the game wo n't change , just the teams . 
  you can still consider it ` playing nicely ' even if it 'll be more competitive instead of cooperative . 
  oh sure but that was n't actually my overall point in the first comment i made although i can see how it may appear that way . 
  let me clarify : after colonialism we 've constructed a global financial system that 's incredibly efficiently stacked in favor of the first world or at least ` winners ' in general . 
  this means that we can import natural resources extremely cheaply and efficiently and export our waste products similarly so . 
  mass exploitation of african labor and resources with no significant return for those countries is a component of that . 
  the exceedingly vast majority of those resources ( in terms of quantity and net worth ) consists of fossil fuels . 
  you mean actually sending out journalists that are effectively getting close to the events instead of just cutting to some loon reporting from the hotel patio and reading a paraphrased article from a general news agency . 
  yeah ... shame on them right ? 
  keep in mind the average age of these refugees is pretty low . 
  it 's likely their families pooled their money to get their kids out to give them a chance of a normal life . 
  woaw that was a dick move . 
  you see the guy clearly throwing it in the upper left corner in that clearing . 
  should n't be too hard to identify from the original footage . 
  if anyone is wondering what the smoke is : it 's the fire-extinguisher the cop in green is holding getting punctured by shrapnel . 
   it is also a far stretch to say that the practices are a large contributor to prosperity in the western world . 
  i know it can be hard to believe let alone grasp these orders of quantity this industry produces . 
  i think for that reason you grossly underestimate the petrochemical industry if you call it a stretch . 
  it really is the foundation and literal substance of everything you see around you in the western world . 
  from energy/mobility to materials/manufacturing and medicine and food . 
  i was there 15 years ago though and they were already pretty old , so ... 
  yeah no not in the sectors i was talking about that rely heavily on eastern and southern european labor . 
  you do n't seem to understand how those industries and automation r&d work and what kinds of jobs we 're talking about . 
  too bad you do n't seem to want to listen to someone who actually knows what he 's talking about .
