  * * have another downvote . 
  try not to show us your tears over it . 
   * using italics makes you sound really intelligent , please keep adding them as i would n't be able to read without them added in for sensationalist effect . 
  * * sure buddy . 
  no problem . 
  *  * the irony which is , ironically , lost on you is that i did n't actually believe one fucking word of it , halfwit . 
  strong reading comprehension and attitude though . 
  * * oh so op 's title is fine then ? 
  yeah i totally missed that . 
  really seemed like you were arguing with him about it but i guess you were being * ironic . 
   * you know what , you sound really fucking bitter that we 're going to soon close the doors on your precious immigrants . 
  * * what ? 
  where did that come from ? 
  i have n't said anything about immigrants . 
  i was just telling you to stop being a little bitch about op 's title . 
  * * edit : have another downvote !, 
  oh so historical knowledge is only permitted to be used * ironically * . 
  articles that reference the past in earnest are by definition propaganda ? 
  well newsflash halfwit : everything written about things that happen is in the past . 
  what makes you the judge of these arbitrary time borders ? 
  why is your irony-rule not mentioned in the sidebar of / r/askhistorians ? 
  oh and have another downvote . 
  yeah your example you used for your explanation was one from history einstein . 
  i guess the past only matters when it 's convenient to * you specifically * . 
  stay in school kid . 
  `` democrats in america once opposed the civil rights act '' would be a perfectly reasonable title for a submission . 
  stop bitching about nothing . 
  just boys letting off some steam . 
  maybe next kingsday we can bag some remnants of koekhappen and get to the bottom of this . 
   included a list of all bnd agents abroad oh god . 
  he stole the noc list . 
  literally tens of years !, 
   one guy writes a paper suggesting an automated future what do you mean ? 
  it is n't just one guy i 'm pretty sure . 
  basic income is a much debated topic in my country and has been for decades . 
  passing this off as `` one guy wrote and article '' is disingenuous . 
  there 's a plethora of studies you can find with a simple google search . 
   250 years of industrialization show that this just is n't true 200 years of industrialization showed that the internet would never exist . 
  your argument is equally weird . 
  sure but knowing jobs in the future will mostly be replacing humans for machines it 's good to think about an alternative where jobless people can still do something with their lives other than beg for food to the 0.1 % that will actually still have a job that requires a human . 
  as far as i understand it - correct me if i 'm wrong - usually new money is introduced into the system in the form of loans private banks give out to business as investment . 
  theoretically you could also partially generate new money as an investment in people instead that they then use to spend . 
  quite a paradigm shift but i 've not heard a good breakdown of why that would n't work . 
  instead of trickle down economics you 'd have a system of trickle up with the assumption that people want to do something with their lives other than watch tv all day . 
  #pull yourself together man !, 
   pls no bully do n't play the victim here , that 's just pathetic . 
  if you get to slander the un like that calling it a joke organization then i get to call you an idiot . 
  http://www.un.org/overview/achieve.html yeah let 's throw all that away because * you * do n't believe in organized diplomacy and russia wants to start ww3 . 
  by all means keep your head firmly lodged inside your own asshole if you want . 
  blah blah blah . 
  more false balance non-sense . 
  if only you could see how much of an idiot you are ... 
  i already have a father . 
  no i 'm suggesting you 're using russian rhetoric to undermine the validity and usefulness of the un . 
  because people only care about themselves ( their own income ) and about being right . 
  having to admit your intuition and opinion was wrong is not something the average person is used to . 
  most people are perfectly fine to keep believing in mis - and disinformation if that means not having to change their opinion . 
  it just has to be slightly plausible . 
  that 's why we need informed policy makers on this issue using actual studies and research . 
  not public opinion or `` common sense '' . 
  go home russia , no-one likes you anymore . 
  of course . 
  but i 've debated a few of them and they spout shit like * `` it 's a fact that human trafficking decreases with decriminalization and every study says so !, 
  '' * if you ask them for links then nothing follows of course . 
  if you ask them to respond to the cho study they remain equally silent . 
  straight up lying to further their own agenda . 
  their being shitty does n't excuse you 're being shitty . 
  this is n't kindergarten . 
   the only people profitting are pimps and traffickers and they obviously do n't take part in the debate huh ? 
  no i mean all the ` legit ' sex workers that are obviously fore decriminalization no matter the consequences for others . 
  like for example the bunny ranch prozzy that did an ama last week . 
  she does n't give a fuck that sex trafficking increased in nevada , she 's just happy she gained personal freedom and increase her income . 
  my point is , i guess , that you can make a video with lots of tits , ass & vagina , sell a lot of records because of it and then have the lyrics ridicule the exploitation of sex to sell records . 
  laibach is attractive to us in its form by taking fascist ideas and motifs yet at the same time criticizes it . 
  they acknowledge that fascism is attractive to most people and exploit that while at the same time being a parody of it . 
  exactly as fight club did with themes like masculinity , anti-feminism and fascism . 
  that 's why people liked the film ( it appeals to our subconscious and primal feelings ) but the actual message at the end contradicted that . 
  then get out of the un and do n't sign any more conventions . 
  you do n't get to play ball and deny you 're playing ball at the same time . 
   i think most people generally want what is best for unfortunate men and women who are involved in the sex trade . 
  well you 'd be wrong . 
  most people do n't actually give a fuck and are perfectly fine with lying to further what they intuitively think is right or , in case of sex workers , their bottom line . 
  yes , thank you !, 
  these idiots seem to think their dumb intuition and popular opinion are just as valuable as solid research . 
  common sense my ass . 
  you should include the source for your comment . 
  / u/nimitz14 seems to already think you wrote that yourself but it 's from : http://journalistsresource.org/studies/international/human-rights/legalized-prostitution-human-trafficking-inflows do n't be a plagiarizing asshole next time . 
  oh yeah you 're right . 
  my brain is n't working correctly today , 
   but they 're frequently accused of actually being facists i think you mean * glorifying * fascism . 
  it 's possible to criticize and glorify fascism at the same time . 
  their music speaks to people for the same elements inherent in fascism that speak to people yet they give it the ol' laibach twist . 
  another example where this exact same thing is happening is fight club . 
  undeniably exploiting and glorifying fascist ideas and appealing to audiences for those reasons yet at the same criticizing it in the last part of the movie . 
  [ the rick . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/dlzxrzfcyos ) duh . 
  what he actually said in interviews was :  i am reclaiming myself . 
  trusting my goodness and my divine mission . 
   no more chassidic reggae superstar ... at a certain point i felt the need to submit to a higher level of religiosity ... to move away from my intuition and to accept an ultimate truth . 
  somehow in the minds of certain people who like to call me fascist in this subreddit this became `` i 'm not a jew anymore '' .
