  3 ) what exactly incentivizes people and what the best way to use their time would be can only be examined with small scale controlled experiments that right now do n't get the green light from politics . 
  it 's been speculated it will be a way cheaper and fairer system than the current over-complicated welfare system with thousands of rules and separate subsidies . 
  it could make life less stressful and empower people to do what they actually want to do with their life ( less procrastinating on reddit on the boss 's time because you hate your life and job ( ; ) . 
   basic income could make countries weaker , and weakness could mean self-destruction . 
  let 's not get dramatic shall we ? 
  it 's not like instantly flipping a doomsday switch . 
  besides we sort of have socialized healthcare and we 're still competitive economically with us , china and russia . 
   i would n't suggest the solution to keep breeding and breeding to keep earths population stable , while it 's already being stressed . 
  do n't have to . 
  the problem now is the bloated baby-boom generation . 
  we 're going to have to take care of them the next 35-50 years and that 's going to be hard if there are 3 or 4 of them for every potential worker . 
  if we do n't want a bunch of new babies then we should consider importing a bunch of young ambitious go-getters from africa and the middle east . 
  in my experience they are extremely hardworking , friendly and low-maintenance . 
   basic income is very utopian , but will not work it 's not utopian , it 's realistic . 
  it 's one of the only long term solutions to the increasingly dire long term prospects of european countries . 
  unless you think scrapping the middle class and having the majority of the population beg for change from the lucky 1 % ( or less ) is a good idea . 
  maybe the american way will work for belgium and improve your wellbeing but i seriously doubt it . 
  maybe the belgian middle class will succesfully launch a kickstarter campaign to not fall beneath the poverty lines . 
  i do n't know ... 
  your example is a subsidy on a volatile market . 
  it has nothing to do with restructuring our economies nor can it serve as an example of what such restructure would lead to . 
  pivotal in basic income is the injection point of money creation in an economy ( citizens instead of corporate investment ) , you example does n't compare to that since the subsidy is payed for by the state with tax payers money . 
  and no , japanese robots are n't going to fix vergrijzing or the declining quality of living of elderly . 
   the migrants from africa and the middle east cost more money than they put into the system . 
  no they do n't . 
  raising children is expensive , importing labor is extremely cheap . 
  what do you even think money is ? 
  some magical substance to solve all your problems ? 
   you just need enough money to pay for caretakers and there would be a slight increase in the percentage of natives in the labor force employed in caretaking jobs as compared to today . 
  who 's paying for that ? 
  we ca n't afford it as it is let alone when the elderly population increases 4x over the next 25 years . 
  slight increase ? 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  you want a half socialized healthcare system to compete with the regular job market in some kind of american libertarian utopian fantasy ? 
  you 're deranged if you think that 'll work itself out . 
  edit :  maybe they understand that replacing europeans with africans and muslims is not going to result in a beautiful , peaceful , prosperous multicultural society and they 'll be much worse off as the country declines and the values and culture they cherish are eroded . 
  once the africans and muslims have a majority the idea that they wo n't start cutting the old white people 's pensions anyways is laughable . 
  you really are delusional . 
  never mind . 
  you mean robots will take care of the elderly or you mean every actual human will have to take care of the elderly ? 
  not everyone under 65 wants to wash elderly cock for a living and a lack of human interaction is worse than death . 
  we also do n't have any plans for rising unemployment because of jobs replaced by artificial intelligence . 
  the financially prosperous do n't seem to want a system like basic income and nothing seems to be changing any time soon . 
  aging of the population is already the biggest problem facing my country and the prognosis up until at least 2040 is insane ( 1 in 3 will be over 80 ) . 
  feeling alienated here usually means not having enough caretakers to wash someone more than once a week and never leaving your room . 
  that 's a real fear and something that 's already happening and getting worse . 
  this cultural angst is misprojected , irrational and unproductive . 
  it 's fueled by a media and politics circlejerk that 's not grounded in expert opinion or research let alone actual experience . 
  my parents for example live in the country side and have hardly ever seen a non-white person yet they talk more shit than anyone i know . 
  i 'm the one who has to forfeit his life to take care of them in 20 years because there 's no money for professional help . 
  then again i could just emigrate to a younger country , let the system they think they are trying to protect sort it out and make sure i do n't end up like they will . 
  i do n't have kids to take care of me so i ca n't be as picky about what culture the people are from that end up taking care of me in my old age . 
  not just that but the ` pull factors ' hardly exist according to migration experts . 
  and not just that but we * need * immigration to compensate for the dropping birthrates . 
  there 's no way we can provide for the massive and increasing elderly population . 
  we ca n't all wash racist geriatrics ' rectums and keep up economic productivity . 
   how is that different from the police ? 
  i would assume that the set rules of engagement ( for a lack of better expression ) would be the same ? 
  a lot of the time that set of rules of engagement for police has a number of non - and less-lethal measures that should be employed first like mace , tasers , dogs , batons etc. 
   the dutch , , are the right target for this committee ? 
  technically the dutch government is and the current government are twats so who gives a shit . 
  prototurk would be a badass name for a turkish speed-metal band . 
  i 'm afraid the truth is too late now for this thread . 
  you 'd be surprised how little that really is an option under threat of starvation and violence . 
  free will does n't exist . 
  haha yeah right . 
  national socialism does n't go back in the box without at least an ethnic cleansing and a us bombing campaign . 
  the same folks that hate the muslims the most also hate jews ( any minority for that matter ) . 
  http://www.haaretz.com/jewish-world/jewish-world-news/1.654935 http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4655075,00.html http://unitedwithisrael.org/anti-semitic-harassment-against-czech-jews-on-the-rise/ http://www.i24news.tv/en/news/international/europe/70069-150505-200-rise-in-anti-semitic-incidents-in-the-czech-republic is the jewish community in the czech republic lying ? 
  the largest anti-immi and anti-muslim party in the netherlands ( geert wilders ) also strongly supports israel . 
  he just never dares mention it because his supporters absolutely do n't share that sentiment . 
  if the extreme right and national socialism rises then eventually and inevitably it will be without him . 
  lol yeah . 
  you probably realize that after the muslims you 're next . 
  better start making that revolving bookcase to the attic boy . 
  europe . 
  it 's a pickup trick to pretend you 're bi . 
  chicks think it means you want to go shopping with them or whatever the fuck . 
  haha you do n't know what `` making a case for '' means . 
  you 're so adorable honey . 
  edit : enjoy your obligatory downvote !, 
   * oh , another intelligent well thought out response from boy genius over here . 
  * * i 'm a bit old to be considered a boy but thanks for the compliment nonetheless !, 
  always nice when people recognize and respect their betters . 
  *  * i 'm making myself look bad by even acknowledging you . 
  * * awesome . 
  looking forward to never hearing from you again . 
  *  * damn , you sure gave my internet points a real good beating today . 
  * * awww that 's cute , you do n't know how reddit works . 
  let me explain : when you post you automatically upvote your own comment . 
  i ca n't `` give your internet points a beating '' i can only set them to zero so you 're not losing karma . 
  hope this helps . 
  make up your own insults next time . 
  you stole ` halfwit ' from me and that 's a bit weak . 
  have another downvote !, 
  and miller & atkinson , rotham , frey & osborne , hogart & wilson , wadsworth , de jong & ter veer , whittaker ... etc etc literally hundreds of studies on the subject . 
  your argument is deeply flawed . 
  * you never miss an opportunity to push your political agenda do you ? 
  *  * let 's bust out the petty insults because you 're not intelligent enough to say anything remotely valid . 
  * * now that 's true irony but i 'm guessing that 's lost on you .
