  brabant wants into independence . 
  brabant united . 
  holland can fuck off . 
  does anyone know a firefox plugin to fool zdf.de into thinking we 're in germany ? 
  he is a racist because of his intention and his prior statement but his later statement is n't racism in nature . 
  he effectively `` censored '' himself . 
  you would n't be able to use his second statement as proof of his racism , only the first statement . 
  notice the scare quotes ? 
  i put them there because imo it 's not necessarily less bad . 
  in my country both statements can land him in jail for a year . 
   still racism though . 
  no it 's not . 
  that 's my fucking point . 
  they 're racist yes , because they have racist ideas or have made racist statements in the past , but it matters what they say . 
  a racist can make racist statements and/or religious discriminatory statements . 
  ** i 'm not justifying racism you fucking twat . 
  ** i 've even condemned both racism and religious discrimination quite clearly in my comments . 
  in my country the laws on this are quite clear . 
  the same law describes racism * as well as * religious discrimination * because * there is a difference . 
  it 's the same article in the penal code , the punishment is the same , but they are two different things . 
  racism is the word we use to describe discrimination based on * race * . 
  here 's a definition of racism from wikipedia : * `` racism consists of both prejudice and discrimination based in social perceptions of biological differences between peoples . 
  '' * biological . 
  someone 's religion is not part of their biology . 
  not all arabs are muslim , not all muslims are arab . 
  now go learn proper english so you wo n't find yourself strongly disagreeing with what words mean . 
  edit : here are the two ( different ) wikipedia pages describing these two ** different ** things : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_discrimination racism is discriminatory but discrimination does n't * have * to be racist in nature . 
  jews are pretty prolific about being a race though , so that 's sort of different . 
  they explicitly intertwine religion with ethnicity . 
  but again : ** it does n't make it less bad because it 's called discrimination and not racism , no-one is fucking saying that , it 's all in your mind . 
  this was a discussion on semantics . 
  at no point did i say `` it 's not racism so it does n't matter . 
  '' ** if you think discrimination does n't sound bad enough then * make up a new word * , do n't change what other words mean . 
  racism has to do with * race * , ethnicity and genetics . 
  it 's not racist if you attack a group of people based on their religion , it 's not racist if you hate a sexuality , it 's not racist if you hate mcdonald 's employees . 
  is it clear or do i need to write a seven page essay about this bullshit ? 
  except our drone operators and mechanics wo n't be able to train on weapon systems until we do . 
  it 's probably a whole lot more expensive as well . 
  it 's just a bullshit way to placate the opposition . 
  might as well just buy some $ 100 quadcopters or keep using the raven if all you do is use it for surveillance . 
  not arming it is the most retarded concession to pacifism i 've heard this month . 
  `` let 's just take a peek at what 's going on in the battle-space and -- oh there are some enemy infantry threatening our troops . 
  cas would 've been pretty cool right now but we have to wait for the archaic apache to arrive . 
  let 's just do some barrel-rolls with our overpriced , over-qualified weapons platform serving as a camera until they get here . '', 
  i watched a dude ( kiory123 ) 3d model that thing in great detail in 3ds max on a livestream today . 
  yeah it 's called discrimination . 
  i did n't say that made it less bad , it 's just how language works ; different words for different things . 
  blame a dictionary . 
  what ? 
  i did no such thing . 
  i just said what the difference was . 
  just like in laws there 's a pretty clear distinction made . 
  i 'm not `` crediting racists '' with shit . 
  some people who discriminate are also racist but not all , while some racists are discriminatory but not all . 
  do you need me to draw you a fucking venn-diagram ? 
  still would n't call that racism . 
  muslims are n't one race . 
  islam is a religion practiced all over the world across all races . 
  your second premiss is a moral judgement of a group of people based on their religion . 
  you can call that religious discrimination . 
  `` arabs are bad '' : racism `` muslims are bad '' : religious discrimination, 
  that was eloquent as fuck and you hit the nail right on the head with the hammer of reason . 
  saved this comment for later referencing if i find myself in a discussion like this again . 
  the us might be like a poacher foolishly trying to negotiate with the lion for its pelt without considering he 's about to be eaten anyway when he gets too close . 
  then the protesters in amsterdam are like the lion 's cubs . 
  standing around being concerned for their dad 's well-being . 
  but the lion ca n't explain the actual plan to them without spilling the beans about the scam to the poacher . 
  sometimes you have to just stand back and shut up and trust that in the end everybody eats . 
  canada is n't the same as nl though . 
  we invented capitalism and have the second most isds trade agreements with other countries after the us . 
  we 're currently already draining the us economy like leeches by being a tax haven for their companies . 
  obama was mad at us for that . 
  even ` american ' companies could perhaps under ttip even sue the us through their dutch subsidiaries and it will end up in the dutch treasury through taxes . 
  it could be really bad for other countries but really good for the netherlands . 
  usually dutch politicians are shrewd cunts specializing in fucking over others while keeping a harmless appearance so to an extend i trust them to make decisions that benefit the dutch economy . 
  understandable . 
  it 's an emotional subject . 
  take care of yourself today man . 
  i hope it gets better soon . 
  you started the generalization with your ` what was our sin ' . 
  now you 're not going to accept generalization from the guy courteously explaining what the sin of the turkish people was ? 
  tell me . 
  what answer would you have accepted ? 
  or was your question purely rhetorical and constructed to offer you an escape in persecution complex , victim-hood and taking offense no matter what answer you got ? 
   you can not assume based on perso n't feeling . 
  of course you can lol . 
  you can assume based on anything in the fucking world , including emotions . 
  we can for example also derive op is n't on holiday right now with the person he 's worried for in south america sipping margaritas , he would n't be worried if that was the case . 
  we can in fact assume he has n't had contact with the person at all between the bombings and the comment . 
  none of that is literally in the comment but it 's implied . 
  so his worry itself gives us a degree of reason to make certain assumptions . 
  this is about to get very semantic , fair warning . 
  the term ` trickle down ' is associated with the opposition of the idea the term describes . 
  the idea is generally promoted by right wingers ( and most notably reagan ) and referred to as supply-side economics . 
  economists generally are no fan of this idea but right wing politicians really really are as it serves them as justification of their economic politics . 
  tl ; dr reagan did n't call it ` trickle down ' , his opponents did , but he made the idea popular . 
  / u/bristlerider was talking about tickle down economics though !, 
  other than that you are obviously ( and hilariously ! ), 
  wrong and you might want to look up ronald reagan or something . 
  sarcasm aside this is a legitimate line of thinking in the evaluation of such trade agreements .
