  kind of like yao guai or charybdis . 
  much more of a formidable opponent at least than something that 's called a president . 
   there is so much going on there that affect decisions in the rest of the world . 
  yes we 're a tax haven , stop bringing that up please we 're trying to keep that shit a secret . 
  if that does n't get you to the next round i do n't know what will . 
  they are the muslims of muslims . 
   allegedly , the person suspected got on the bus in prague and got off at budapest . 
  his identity remains unknown . 
  his face an hour later in budapest must 've been priceless : `` oh fuck . 
  i forgot my bomb . '', 
  very informative , thank you . 
  and good to see we do n't have to pay for everything ourselves , 
  i do n't know what that is or how it pertains to this discussion . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  ah yes that makes sense . 
  some legitimate concerns there that should be addressed for sure . 
   i do n't think democracy and our freedoms are something written in marble , we could very well lose them and when we do it wo n't be because of a coup mussolini-style , it will be gradually through proper legislative process . 
  i think you are right about that but that also means that gradual change through proper legislative process does n't have to be a slippery slope towards the total destruction of democratic principles , even if that change is not necessarily what you would want  but anyway , it 's good to be critical of new legislation and if judges are weighing in on this in that manner then it 's probably quite serious . 
  stay sharp and thanks for the informative take on what 's happening in france . 
  have a good day !, 
   people who say `` i do n't care , i have nothing to hide '' are just incredibly short sighted . 
  you 're assuming they have n't thought about this issue as much as you have just because they reached a different conclusion or have other values . 
  that 's a rather arrogant and unproductive attitude . 
  you raise some valid concerns that need to be taken into account in any case but unequivocally using them to stop all types of reform i would say is invalid . 
   the problem is what they will do with these information . 
  suddenly someone has the power to know your kinks , who you sleep with and so on . 
  now imagine you are a vocal opponent to your government , you regularly organize demonstrations , maybe you have political movement . 
  this power was always available to them ; it 's called corruption . 
  intelligence services fit into the hierarchy of the justice system the same way the police do for example . 
  they have specific tasks and are accountable in the same way . 
  the police could be ordered to search your house or lock you up and the army could be ordered to bomb your house . 
  but we have to trust they wo n't be because we need them and their function . 
  we deal with the possibility of corruption by having a well-functioning judicial system and making politicians and other civil servant accountable in their job , not by disbanding the army and firing the police as a precaution . 
  while corruption * can * be an argument to curb some kinds of power it should be weighed case by case and decided on by means of intelligent debate by informed individuals . 
  we ca n't just listen to emotional arguments by people who think their opponents are `` incredibly short sighted '' and decide based on that . 
   it may not make france a police state but it gives tools to the government that we should only see in police states . 
  again , i ca n't really comment on this specific piece of legislation but things like `` tools [ ] we should only see in police states '' just sound so incredibly vague and like fear-mongering ... 
  i ca n't imagine anything that would * only * be useful for the evil of an oppressive police state . 
   the freedom to have privacy ? 
  you have that freedom until you 're subject to investigation for a lot of activities . 
  what those activities would be is what 's under discussion . 
   privacy is important and valuable . 
  i do n't get why people would be so willing to let it go like that . 
  i think people make up the balance for themselves of what degree of privacy they require for which activities versus how much freedom criminals and terrorists should have to employ those same activities in the shades . 
  it does n't mean people are stupid for sacrificing what you perceive as unshakeable fundamental rights ; it just means they reached a different conclusion . 
  both law-abiding citizens and criminals and terrorist have been steadily gaining a lot of freedom and protection for their activities to be undetectable . 
  some small concessions in the face of new and rising threats are n't that much of a big deal to most people . 
  it does n't mean we are sliding towards a police state , it just means that government agencies get the means to monitor some of the unchecked new communication methods in the same way as they can the old . 
  it does n't have to be a matter of `` losing privacy '' , it could be merely a matter of catching up legislation with new technological advancement . 
   i do n't watch a lot of tv and wasn ; t on reddit at the time , but perhaps mr. loud mouth could step of his high horse , and calm the fuck down ? 
  who the hell do you think you are , idioot . 
  whoa , cool it there fellow . 
  no need for that kind of discourse . 
   personal freedoms being one of them what personal freedoms are we talking about here ? 
  might be easier to discuss this if i have a clue what you mean . 
  are you afraid someone is going to stop you from fucking the girl next door or something ? 
  is there a shoot-to-kill enforced curfew about to be installed ? 
   and it will be replaced by about half the amount of operable planes we have currently . 
  considering at any given time there are always a few in maintenance , qra , training etc. 
  that would n't leave a lot of operable planes for ( multiple ) missions/intervention . 
  or maybe we realized we did n't need 60 damn fighterjets when we only use 8 at a time and the f-35 will be manufactured and maintained by a * joint program * in italy . 
  your simplistic comparison of the f-16 procurement to the jsf program is absurd . 
  why do n't you look up the tv broadcasts or the reddit discussions from back then ? 
  when i say `` fairly fucking obviously '' i mean it . 
  you 'd have to be pretty deep inside an echo-chamber to have experienced it differently . 
  and at no point has anyone formulated it as `` would you support invading ukraine to retrieve everything ? '', 
  people are n't fucking stupid and everyone knew the basic situation that ukraine would n't have minded dutch armed forces in ukraine to push back dnr . 
  afaik that is n't a condition for eu membership . 
  are we being naughty for sinking pirate ships in somalia without eu backing for example ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  half of our kingdom is n't even part of the eu so screw that   malaysian forces ? 
  in ukraine ? 
  what would be so weird about that ? 
  both australia and the netherlands are supplying their military anyway . 
  would n't be weird to have them on board for a joint operation . 
  do n't know the specifics of the `` french patriot act '' or what damages that would be so i ca n't comment on that . 
  i do know that when intelligence services state that they would benefit from something ( or downright * need * something ) you should take that seriously . 
  their argument should carry significant weight in the discussion because they are the ones with the experience of actually doing that job . 
  eu is an economic partnership , not a federation . 
  we 're free to pick our own fights as a sovereign nation and we will do so all over the world whenever we have interests to protect . 
  if not alone we could 've gone in with australian and malaysian forces . 
   what army does n't have tanks ? 
  tactically and logistically speaking mbts are n't that useful to our country . 
  switzerland does n't need a battleship and we do n't need mbts . 
   our land forces are in a pathetic state , and the airforce is withering away with what dated equipment they have left . 
  do n't be silly . 
  we have excellent infantry , amb , marines , sof , apache gunships , the list goes on and on . 
  you 're right that the f-16 needs to be replaced soon . 
  that does n't mean it 's not up to standards of modern requirements and perfectly suitable for its role in a conflict such as in ukraine at that time . 
   do n't know what the majority was . 
  the majority was fairly fucking obviously against military intervention . 
  were you living under a rock ? 
  euhm what ? 
  last time i checked the netherlands still was sovereign nation . 
  nato would n't have done shit to stop us because they 're a defensive alliance . 
  ( and officially there were - and are - no russians on that battlefield ), 
  we as in `` the netherlands '' , as in `` the majority '' . 
  i personally was in favor but most people were n't . 
   but we could n't technically pull it of yes we could have , easily so in fact at that stage in the conflict . 
  you 're trying desperately to make it out like we do n't have a modern and capable army and airforce , but we do .
