  if russia were to attack europe , it would become insolvent before the first russian solders reach berlin . 
  the thing to take away from this is that it can become public knowledge that anglo-american secret services spy on germany and more than half the country will still trust perfidious albion and its partners in crime [ s. ] . 
  they sure are a patient people , those germans . 
  the israelis have n't figured out anything . 
  what they do have is the advantage that their presence in the holy land is required for the salvation of at least half of the united states ' population [ this may be hyperbole ] . 
   and if you reduce government spending by a billion , you cut taxes by a billion , maybe you should do that , but nothing forces you to . 
  and how about state expenditure in absolute terms ? 
  government spending as a function of gdp is a potentially misleading indicator because if you cut . gov spending by a billion , you reduce gdp by a billion plus something , depending on the multiplier/s of whatever spending you cut . 
  may i nitpick ? 
  she 's head of government , not state . 
  yeah , but without britain and france , it 's gon na get pretty hard . 
  hollande should get his own house in order before saying other countries are expendable , if he absolutely has to do it . 
  not a big fan of this article , but then again i 'm biased . 
  his first remark is that europe exploded because too many countries were added . 
  but the issue in my opinion is not that the eu got too large , but that one section of it , the eurozone , went too deep but simulteanously not deep enough . 
  by the way , before i proceed , i have to say how much i love that schizophrenic logic : people who at the same time claim that the euro was a bad idea to begin with , but that if the involved countries just had to do it , they should at least have doubled down on it . 
  the next remark , that not the eu but nato is responsible for peace in europe because the french parliament vetoed the edc ignores that in its stead a similar yet not all that encompassing western european union was created as a mutual defense pact bloc . 
  more importantly , i do n't see how one can actually prove which of these three parallely existing organisations was responsible for peace in europe in the end . 
  personally , i credit the soviet union , as it is difficult to fight amongst each other when a foe that is ten times as big lurks outside the gates . 
  he then ends his political evaluation and goes on to economics , starting with growth rates . 
  quite frankly , i think that is ridiculous . 
  if you actually take a look at american gdp growth rates you 'll notice that the trend for the united states and canada is also ` slower growth ' , that average growth and the band of peaks and troughs is becoming more narrow for them , too . 
  there 's the bit about europe 's gdp as part of the global gdp that makes me hope that he 's not seriously implying that 700 million people could out-produce the other 90 % of humanity forever . 
  but i 'll concede that europe grows slower and has on average a higher unemployment rate than the us . 
  the thing about equity markets , however , confuses me slightly seeing how all markets around the world got obliterated and then carried to new highs based almost entirely on central bank money within the last five years . 
  their usefulness as an indicator is right now very much in doubt , i 'd say . 
  he then changes course entirely and basically tells the reader to forget everything we just read by switching ` the reason why the european project has failed ' from ` results ' to ` means ' , specifically saying that the project has failed because it lost legitimacy . 
  why has it lost legitimacy ? 
  i do n't see that being explicitely said , but i 'll assume that basically he wants us to ` see above ' . 
  but when i read claims about how europe does not enjoy legitimacy or trust right now i always take a look at the eurobarometer . 
  because it 's not like people are saying `` europe does n't work , let 's go back to the nation-state , that does work '' . 
  trust in national and european institutions moves in lockstep , they move up or down together . 
  people are now trusting neither the eu nor their own governments , from which i personally conclude that the crisis is not one of europe alone , but of governance in general . 
  is that even a credible threat in a country that has gone from five to three million unemployed people very recently ? 
  200,000 jobs and half a percent of growth p.a. 
  sounds like ... `` nothing '' . 
  if you sit in a glass house - that is , your cabinet fiddled around with your own wealth and poverty report to make it look less threatening - you should n't be throwing rocks , angela . 
  as i 'm not an economist , i can only cite wikipedia for his position on the academic front . 
  it seems like he has it well covered :  according to a poll conducted jointly by the financial times deutschland and the verein f\u00fcr socialpolitik ( the german economics association ) among 550 german economics experts in 2006 , `` only two representatives of our profession exert an appreciable influence on policymaking : bert r\u00fcrup and hans-werner sinn '' . 
  [ 30 ] a study in 2007 placed sinn , in terms of number of citations in scientific journals , second to german nobel laureate reinhard selten . 
  [ 31 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans-werner_sinn#public_influence ) he 's certainly very influential in terms of the audience he reaches . 
  he writes a lot , what he says ends up in the papers and he gets invited to political talk shows ** a lot ** . 
  the institute he leads also publishes an important economic indicator , the [ ifo-gesch\u00e4ftsklimaindex ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ifo_business_climate_index ) , which is a regular news item . 
   `` it 's not impossible that this new party could sap half a percent from the fdp and thereby kick them out of parliament , '' said niedermayer . 
  that could create a huge headache for merkel , who may find it hard to form a workable majority in parliament without the fdp . 
  actually , that might be impossible . 
  the fdp is heavily underrepresented in the polls . 
  before the election in lower saxony , they polled around the 5 % threshold , but then they won 10 % of the vote . 
  at the same time , the cdu ended up scoring anywhere between 2-5 % lower than they did in the polls . 
  it turned out that a large amount of people ( [ 100k + ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/fotostrecke/waehlerwanderung-bei-der-landtagswahl-niedersachsen-fotostrecke-92224-3.html ) ) who voted cdu in the last election hopped over to the fdp to save it from getting kicked out of parliament . 
  the bitterness about the ddr experience might be the very reason why they do n't see it . 
  on both sides of what was once * die mauer * , people feel like they got screwed . 
  in the west , bankrupt muncipalities have to fork over money they do n't have to help finance the transfer payments all while public infrastructure is in decay or already in shambles . 
  but 23 years and $ 2 trillion later , the east is still lagging behind in everything , so they 're pissed too . 
  it 's not surprising that nobody feels enthusiastic about expanding this model to the european level , at least not to me . 
  true . 
  greece is not going to be a big help any time soon . 
  that 's the idea about debt pooling as an instrument to help out the debt-stricken countries though . 
  taking off some of their load and putting it on the shoulders of those who can still carry their own and then some . 
  as to why germans are not too worried about the debt ? 
  even if it 's historically large , the size is considered manageable , the interest rates are low and the deficit is being reduced without any effort , purely through cyclical tax revenue increases and spending decreases . 
  the merkel cabinet has n't dabbled in fiscal policy much at all , and it 's worked in some weird way . 
  steinbr\u00fcck , gabriel and the spd do n't just know that you need a fiscal union to have a monetary union , they 've gone a step further and claim that we 're basically already in one because germany is already indirectly liable through the existing mechanisms and ecb policy , or at least i remember reading something to that effect . 
  the germans are probably just afraid of spelling this out because their raison d'\u00e9tat in this crisis is to use the pain to get reforms they see as necessary done in southern europe . 
  they 're afraid that , if they show any kind of ` mercy ' , the greeks et al. 
  will get back into the hammock and keep on doing what they did before which is what they think got them into this situation to begin with . 
  i 'm not sure why we 're comparing eurozone debt to german gdp , though . 
  then again , it does n't really matter , since if you compare eurozone debt to eurozone gdp , things do n't exactly look peachy , either . 
  the ratio 's at 90 % , so greece , italy , portugal , ireland and belgium get helped , as they 're above that , but everyone else gets screwed . 
  if steinbr\u00fcck by some miracle manages to convince the germans about that being a good idea , he 's got another uphill battle in front of him . 
  and do n't hold your breath about germany leaving the euro . 
  all actually relevant parties in germany are in agreement about eu and euro membership . 
  so to speak , they only care about ` the details ' . 
  there is not yet a broad enough majority against the euro to ensure that the party or parties that broke out of the consensus would be able to campaign on it , win an election and deliver . 
  parties that are opposed to the euro are marginalised because either they carry some other opinions around with them that are considered unacceptable or because a member has a slip of the tongue and makes it look like they do . 
  yes , he is . 
  when i heard about it , i realised that the social democrats do n't actually want to win the election . 
  ~ edit i see the spd damage control team has hit this thread . 
  i 'm not sure if it can , but if this case ever gets to the bundesgerichtshof , i think the bgh has to get a preliminary ruling from the european court of justice . 
  bank runs and desolation it is . 
  either start spending your money this would be sound advice if ` we ' as in the german people had any money to spend . 
  but all the gains in income and wealth in the last 10 years or even longer back went to those who were already in the top 10 % . 
  the $ 150bn surpluses we post year on year do n't actually reach the vast majority of german society . 
  they are either kept in the hands of employers through low wage increases for the sake of competitiveness ( and the reason why the fpiigs are not competitive is because we are ) , with generous support from the labor unions , or they are kept in the tax coffers to make a laissez faire fiscal policy look ingenious because we 're reducing our deficit at a fairly comfortable pace by doing absolutely nothing , neither touching spending nor income : the revenue just rises on its own . 
  three million people are unemployed officially , but some claim the number is airbrushed and that it 's really two thirds higher , at up to five million . 
  of those who are employed , every fourth works in the low wage sector . 
  the bottom 30 % of germany either have zero wealth or are actually net debtors . 
  those are not big spenders , those are the people for whose benefit horse meat found its way into european convenience food . 
  if you 're eating it , it 's for you . 
  let the ecb make enough money available ` we ' would rather let you die . 
  this is not my personal opinion , rather a statement on the political mainstream in germany . 
  60 % of germans are afraid that the euro crisis will cause inflation ( which betrays not only a complete lack of economic understanding , but more importantly , the kind of fear that you can smell ) . 
  merkel 's junior partners , the free democrats , are so gung-ho about the euro being a sound currency that they want to put a pledge to keep it that way in the constitution , like the limits on deficits . 
  we can make laissez faire fiscal policy look ingenious , so why not try it with monetary policy , too . 
  it is inevitable . 
  and i fear they did n't do this because they 're trying very hard to muck any real reform of our energy supply up so that we have to exit on our exit from nuclear in 10 years . 
  how much worse than deutsche bahn can it be , really ... 
  it 's the economy , stupid . 
  a piece on overpaid brussels bureaucrats . 
  how creative .
