the only plausible alternative to being allied to trump or a country that would elect him . 
  the spd has declined the opportunity to rule in that format on the federal level in 2013 . 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/01402382.2013.818354 `` yet , in general , what is noticable is that left-authoritarian voters in most countries tend to split their vote quite equally between the more left-liberal and the more right-authoritarian options . 
  in other words , it is not the case that left-authoritarians generally prefer parties that are , for example , economically congruent with them . 
  instead , those voters sometimes opt for left-liberal and sometimes for right-authoritarian parties . '', 
  american football has to be the most overrated emo band there is . 
  i do n't understand how anyone could see a blueprint for a superstate in the paper . 
  all i see is a whole bunch of proposals for more intergouvernmentalism . 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  breitbart 's main problem in expanding to germany is not going to be the laws , but the fact that its market is already well carved up . 
  if you want breitbart 's editorial line , you only need to choose the degree of intensity appropriate for you , with axel springer publications on the respectable end on the spectrum ( * die welt * more so than * bild * , obviously ) and * politically incorrect * on the other . 
  and in between you 've got * focus * and * tichys einblick * and * achse des guten * and * cicero * and the list goes on . 
  there 's no demand for one more . 
  i did n't know that was even a feature anymore . 
  you 're pretty abrasive about it , though . 
  conveniently hidden behind a paywall these days , does n't appear in transscripts elsewhere , you fell for a scam . 
  quick and dirty translation : `` sigmar gabriel will not be the spd 's candidate for chancellor in this september 's parliamentary elections . 
  he will also give up the leadership of the party and move from the ministry for economic affairs to the foreign ministry . 
  gabriel will communicate this decision to the inner circle of the party on tuesday evening . 
  gabriel has told die zeit 's chief editor bernd ulrich what private motives have driven the spd chief to relinquish the candidacy over the last six months during many conversations . 
  ulrich describes the inner struggles and the strategic calculus of the 57 year old in a large portrait piece that will be published in die zeit on thursday . 
  the portrait presents a politician , who `` after half a year of thinking , doubting , struggling , changing plans and risking friendships '' has finally found his peace . 
  and it says a lot about modern marriage , friendship , the social democratic party and the media . 
  and about the state of germany 's political class , torn between seeking and fleeing from power , between overextension and responsibility in the face of an upheaval not yet seen by most politicians . 
  with gabriel 's spectacular decision , the weeks of uncertainty about the most important decision confronting the spd before the parliamentary elections of 2017 are over . 
  instead of gabriel , the former president of the european parliament , martin schulz , will become their candidate . 
  gabriel will recommend as much to party committees in the days to come . 
  schulz is also supposed to become the chairman of the party . 
  the final straw that led to gabriel 's decision is supposedly a poll among spd sympathisers he himself commissioned , in which it emerged that a majority of the party believes martin schulz 's chances in the election are better . 
  when asked whether this is why he wants to suggest to schulz to run , gabriel told die zeit : `` yes , this is my duty as chairman . '' '', 
   we are not looking to project forces around the globe ( eg nog long distance bombers or aircraft carriers ) . 
  why not ? 
  protecting trade , investments and personnel abroad , securing the borders , if necessary by restoring order in destabilised regions and defending the periphery against , say , russian incursion - is this not in the european interest ? 
  these would be the objectives i 'd want to see the army built around . 
  i take it everybody complaining about the source has n't read the article , seeing how it 's pretty much just a translation of things people are reading over in italy at the moment . 
  that said , the part about the ad revenue generated by this enterprise sticks out to me . 
  politicians should not have a business model , but if they do , at least do n't make it the business model of a youtuber or some lady wiggling her tits into the camera on twitch . 
  and the respectful form of the personal pronoun for second & female third person singular - `` sie '' . 
  we 're drinking more wine , young people start drinking later and drink less . 
  it 's basically a demographic shift . 
  tag yourself , i 'm kierkegaard . 
  merkel is a clear example as well if you did n't stop paying attention after that one day in autumn 2015 . 
  the germans have noticed ( thus afd 's descent in the polls ) , the rest of the world has not . 
  a great interview ; i just wish they interviewed german politicians the same way . 
  mind if i do it for him ? 
  future french president emmanuel macron considers germany 's export surpluses as unbearable and demands a reduction of imbalances . 
  there are similar voices coming from the united states . 
  correctly , as german finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble ( cdu ) told der spiegel : `` it 's true that the german current accounts surplus is too large at eight percent of the gross domestic product . '', 
  however , the surplus does not have political causes . 
  `` it can be traced to the high competitiveness of the german economy , but also to the fact that we are part of a currency union '' , sch\u00e4uble said . 
  he also agreed with macron on the topic of fiscal transfers inside the economic and monetary union : `` you can not create a union of states of differing strengths without some kind of compensation . '', 
  a union could not exist if the strong do not support the weaker members . 
  he did not say anything about the scope or level of the redistribution - in a democracy , the sovereign has to decide this , sch\u00e4uble said . 
  in the report , the german finance minister was optimistic that macron would succeed to reduce france 's deficit . 
  he hinted that he would not object if the european commission approved of french deficits . 
  `` to interpret budgetary rules is the task of the european commission '' , he said . 
  `` the federal government and i , too , never disagreed with a recommendation of the commission on how deficits of countries like france have to be judged . '', 
  sch\u00e4uble 's relenting could be interpreted as a concession ahead of macron 's first visit in berlin . 
  on sunday , macron will take over the affairs of current socialist president fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  already on monday , chancellor angela merkel ( cdu ) will meet him . 
  it is macron 's first visit abroad . 
  thus proving that they 've engaged and potentially killed russian citizens , perhaps even soldiers ? 
  do you want putin to be forced to invade ? 
   institutions [ ... ] in debt such as , oh , i do n't know , all of our governments ? 
  yes , it is : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/advisory_speed_limit#germany  in germany , the autobahn-richtgeschwindigkeits-verordnung ( directive on reference speed on motorways ) , introduced in 1974 , recommends a speed of no more than 130 km/h ( 81 mph ) for autobahns and similar roads , whose lanes are separated by a median or which have at least two lanes per direction , provided there are no traffic signs posting a lower speed limit . 
  dear britain , i 'm so confused . 
  which of you two speaks for the united kingdom and its peoples ? 
  / s / , germoney ^ i ^ know ^ i 'm ^ getting ^ the ^ answer ^ on ^ sunday, 
  not every little thing requires a referendum , especially not invoking a clause in a treaty the two parties previously agreed on and were very aware could be invoked if the vote turned out the way it did . 
  the way i see it , you 're just setting things up so you can call the eu undemocratic when it does invoke the clause . 
  but i 'm afraid that democracy does not imply being impervious to the consequences of one 's actions . 
  they wo n't let new elections happen , it would be completely irresponsible and counterproductive . 
  in regards to the afd , giving them a second chance only a month or two after they scratched the 5 % hurdle would basically be an invitation to parliament . 
  to a lesser extent this might also ring true for the fdp . 
  cdu , spd and greens will also consider the effect that political instability has on the markets . 
  to be slightly dramatic , if people were to get the idea that germany became ungovernable , europe is over , done , finished . 
  so , they absolutely need to work with what they got . 
  and of course neither party is keen on governing with merkel , the spd probably even less so than the greens because they already got burned in 2009 . 
  but i think the ideological differences between the cdu and the spd at least have been played up to respond to criticisms of a boring campaign devoid of content and competition . 
  on a big issue , namely rent controls , they agree completely . 
  in regards to the minimum wage , the difference is that the spd wants to take the extra step of mandating a minimum wage of 8 $ 50/hr once . 
  beyond that , they can agree to leave it up to employers and employees , even if they have slightly different approaches - the question of putting a commision in charge of it or not . 
  the previous government also tried to make adjustments to the pension system . 
  there 's at least some room for consensus . 
  i also doubt that people will shed too many tears about promises of tax increases being left unheld . 
  they have clearly not been very popular to begin with . 
  and like i said not to overestimate the importance of big majorities , i have to add not to underestimate the spd 's masochistic potential . 
  the party has yet to pass up a chance to demonstrate its responsible behavior , even if it hurts them . 
  add to that the m\u00fcnteferingian sentiment `` opposition sucks '' and the risk of becoming the party that sent germany into a coalition between the union and the greens that collapses halfway through this term . 
  i do n't know about tough talks . 
  the only alternative to a merkel-led government is that the three left-wing parties in the next bundestag set aside their differences and form a new government . 
  but the differences between the left on one and the social democrats and the greens on the other side seem insurmountable , at least in the european and foreign policy areas . 
  which means that merkel gets to choose who she governs with . 
  i would ask everyone not to overestimate the importance of a big majority for merkel 's european policy - the social democrats and green party have consistently voted with the christian union parties and the free democrats in order to look / be responsible and statesmenlike on that topic . 
  now , merkel has called the social democrats ` unreliable ' in this regard during the campaign , but they have already indicated that they would not let that change their stance . 
  and in such a scenario , i think it will be merkel that extracts concessions , not whoever it is that the social democrats or the greens send to negotiate with her . 
  for starters , you do n't need four million . 
  you need 5 % of the people who vote . 
  there are a little over 62 million people in germany who are eligible to vote , 5 % of which is 3.1 million . 
  but not all of them vote .
