  the eu 's much-vaunted bureaucracy costs $ 8.2 bn ( 2011 ) , serving some 500 million people , which comes out to about $ 16 per annum per capita , or five percent of the eu 's entire budget in that year * . 
  now , in the german federal budget for 2013 , $ 28.4 bn are allocated for personnel expenses ** , which is almost 10 % of the entire budget , serving about 82m people which comes out to about $ 35 p.a. 
  p.c. , or more than twice as much . 
  and remember that that 's just the federal level , the states and muncipalities have their own staff on top of that . 
  my own home state of nordrhein-westfalen has spent $ 22.2 bn on personnel expenses in 2012 , serving some 16m people which comes out to a massive $ 1375 p.a. 
  p.c. , or 40 % of the entire budget *** . 
  [ please correct me on any mathematical errors i may have made , i 'm not very good at the number crunching and all i had to work with was windows ' calculator and some very cold fingers . 
  :p ] so , i spend more than $ 1400 a year to sustain the various executives ruling over me , and the eu 's share of that money is just over a percent . 
  i do n't know about you , but i ca n't complain about that . 
  but i know what you 're thinking . 
  this is a naive calculation that disregards what those individual groups each do for me . 
  and of course it is . 
  that 's half my point : this is just another isolated figure that we make a piece of our preconceptions as they fit . 
  i have n't told you that the state employees include policemen and teachers who , in my opinion at least , deserve every cent they get . 
  but if there 's already so much money being spent on administrative and executive functions , why should we stack yet another layer on top of that behemoth ? 
  and of course we should think about that , but in terms of saving money , it 's not going to get us all that far . 
  the appropiations that those people manage , those are what you want to cut if you really want to be austere . 
  it 's easy to point at public sector workers and say that they are wasteful , but all that firing them is going to get you is them appearing on another section of your budget , namely unemployment aid , while restricting the government 's capacity to carry out the public will . 
  i do n't expect a point for point rebuttal . 
  it 's more of a `` oh holy fucking shit we survived thank you based god '' collective sigh of relief kinda deal i think . 
  it 's time go to back to : - krautchan 's / int / or - 4chan 's / int / or - 4chan 's / pol / ( or maybe ylilauta , who knows ), 
  while deutsche bahn is 100 % state-owned , the government `` only '' owns 32 % of the telekom ( 17 % via the kfw , 15 % directly ) . 
  since the european commission is planning on taking deutsche bahn apart ( arguing that one company should n't own germany 's rail network and the majority of trains travelling on it at the same time ) , one way to look at this is ; making sure the state gets out of its db stock before it becomes worthless . 
  as for the telekom , i got nothing , although it might very well be the same , since they own the phone and internet lines and are a service provider of their own at the same time . 
  * one can also wonder whether the eurocrisis has arrived in germany , since selling off state companies is something that we have recommended to crisis-ridden southern european states . 
  * this is as good a time as any to discuss whether doing so is a good thing for the customer . 
  i 'd argue that service is bound to get worse when a state monopoly such as the bahn , the post or the telekom is privatised because of the double whammy of ` responsibility to the shareholders ' ( and the shareholders only ) and ` lack of competition ' ( of course , when the ec smashes the monopolies afterwards , all is well ) . 
  at least when they 're state-owned , you can hold someone politically responsible for their inefficiencies at the polls , as inefficient that may be in itself . 
  * although i guess this is really more about pan-european monopoly busting . 
  pretty much . 
  however , i 'd argue that he should pick his fights one at a time instead of antagonising everyone at once . 
  ironically , a speech that is supposed to bring the nation closer together might just piss everyone off . 
  the left will be annoyed at an implicit endorsement of the war in afghanistan , the right will be annoyed at the sheer mention of a widening gap between the poor and the rich since it only just made the effort of masking that gap in the government 's poverty and wealth report ( and it blew up in their faces ) and the far right will be annoyed at all the tolerance and compassion towards foreigners . 
  no , ideally you should spend in a bust and save during the boom - anti-cyclical policy . 
  two issues : politicians do not have the discipline or rather the incentive structure to do so , and events do n't adjust themselves around what i would consider sound economic policy . 
  what i was trying to say is that right now there is ample room , fiscally speaking , to react to unforeseen events such as this . 
  refer to http://puu.sh/jnlcm.jpg for a snapshot of germany 's financial situation . 
  but since bund yields are at all-time lows across all maturities , that 's not so bad . 
  in the first place , it 's the favorable lending conditions that have created a surplus that can now be put to use in this crisis . 
  this is about the shareholders ' say in how the company they own shares in is run , not political elections . 
  a mandate that can only be changed by amending the eu treaties and is so vague that the ecb 's governing council could fill it with any meaning it finds a majority for . 
  if you think i 'm wrong , you could correct instead of just downvoting me , but `` price stability '' , without further qualification , does not make for a precise objective . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i 'm getting the impression that people complaining about bank bail-ins want returns at no risk and for everyone else to fund this desire . 
  they know it will be them who are bailed in , and they 'd really rather not - understandable , but how many austrians have more than $ 100,000 in the bank , and are the rest willing to secure that wealth with their own ? 
  the logic behind it is that logistics centers like those of amazon are a strategic location in the economic topography where a union must flex its muscles , no matter how flimsy the excuse . 
  it will have something to do with them once somebody points out that under these circumstances , giving turkey the designation of a `` safe third party country '' that we can send everybody who 's entered the eu from there back to is , not to put too fine a point on it , * wrong * . 
   what government in the entire fucking world spends that much money on agriculture ?!?!, 
  every government that can afford it . 
  check out page 13 of : http://www.oecd.org/tad/agricultural-policies/monitoring-evaluation-2015-highlights-july-2015.pdf, 
  \u201e i 'm pleased with myself `` as we enter , the chancellor is kneeing on the floor , fiddling around with a spark plug . 
  the battery of her famous cellphone with which she steers her party is empty . 
  the chancellor seems so cheerful and relaxed that one could end up thinking that she has a lot of time on her hands . 
  but that is not the case , after all there 's a campaign going on , the eurocrisis is back and germany debates a surveillance scandal . 
  the photographer 's bag with the elaborate lighting needs to remain closed , merkel only allows a few pictures during the conversation . 
  she does n't like to be photographed that much . 
  die zeit : miss chancellor , allegedly helmut kohl had his chauffeur drive him to a public phone booth when he wanted to talk without being disturbed . 
  where do you go if you want to be sure that nobody 's listening ? 
  angela merkel : i trust the ability of our experts to keep these rooms safe . 
  zeit : are you sure you are not being listened to ? 
  merkel : like i said , i have trust in the abilities of our organisations . 
  but of course i do n't know what might be hidden in your cell phone . 
  zeit : do n't worry , we handed our cell phones over in the outer office . 
  after your last phone call with president obama , you said that many questions were still unanswered . 
  what questions ? 
  merkel : even if you 've really simply handed your cell phones over in my outer office , that does n't yet really help us when it comes to being listened to . 
  otherwise , i 'm interested in the questions whether eu facilities and embassies have been spied on and if and if so to what extent america controls german telecommunications . 
  we are clarifying in talks with our allies what of the current media coverage is true and what is n't . 
  zeit : are you not surprised about the extent to which foreign intelligence services are apparently spying on us ? 
  merkel : that intelligence services work together under certain , and in our country , narrow legal conditions , has been part of their mission statement for decades and serves our security . 
  i 've heard about programs like prism from the current media coverage . 
  whether that coverage is accurate or not is being evaluated . 
  zeit : is the sacrifice of privacy the price of security in your opinion ? 
  merkel : freedom and security have to be kept in balance . 
  because of that , everything has to obey the principle of proportionality . 
  with new technological abilities , the balance between keeping free spaces as large as possible and what the state needs to guarantee the highest standard of security for its populace needs to be remade again and again . 
  the discussion about what is proportional must be lead constantly and at the same time we must do everything to protect ourselves from terrorist attacks , which is not possible without the possibility of controlling telecommunications . 
  zeit : what is proportional ? 
  merkel : a procedure that balances the protection of privacy and the protection from terror and serves both goals as well as possible . 
  because as chancelloress , it 's my duty to target both of these things . 
  in the past , we 've received a number of hints from america that have kept us safe from major terrorist attacks . 
  that should be considered in the debate just like data protection should be . 
  zeit : the claim that 50 attacks have been prevented is difficult to prove right or wrong . 
  can you trust the american statements ? 
  merkel : american hints have without a doubt resulted in arrests and thus prevented large damage as measured in the loss of human life . 
  every successful attack is one too many . 
  zeit : did you have the impression that the activities of secret services have escalated beyond control after your talks with the american president ? 
  merkel : it 's my impression that the american president takes european concerns seriously . 
  i 'm awaiting the expert talks in washington . 
  then we will evaluate them , and then the next steps follow . 
  zeit : the first reaction of your speaker , steffen seibert , was more blunt : ` something like that ' `` just ca n't be happening '' . 
  ` it 's not the cold war anymore ' , he said . 
  merkel : correct , because it would be unacceptable if there were bugs in embassies or eu institutions , if those reports were factual . 
  the cold war is over . 
  all in all , how our data is being handled in our times is a rather complex subject . 
  beyond that , concurrent national regulations are in conflict with each other here . 
  intelligence services naturally tend towards opacity . 
  because if they did what they did on the open market , they 'd be missing the point . 
  zeit : do you think that we 're overreacting in germany ? 
  merkel : no , we are who we are , and others are who they are . 
  it 's my wish that we have the necessary discussion with the united states of america in a spirit that never forgets , despite all justified questions , that america is and was our most loyal ally throughout the decades .
