  in 2009 , 70.8 % did . 
  this number is likely to decline further . 
  in any case , in 2009 , jumping the 5 % hurdle took 2.2 million votes . 
  almost half of what you claimed . 
  and yes , the amount of seats won by erst - and zweitstimmen is the same . 
  first vote seats used to exceed second vote ones because of a quirk in the seat allotment system ( \u00dcberhangmandate ) , but it has been corrected for this and future elections . 
  germany started out as a three-party system with the two large centrist parties and the liberal free democrats as a cheeky sidekick that changed sides as political circumstances demanded it , acting as a kingmaker . 
  then , the green party became an organised political force . 
  later on , the left came to be as a merger of spd rebels and east german socialists . 
  and now , the german pirate party and an euroskeptic party are knocking on the doors of the bundestag . 
  it 's hardly impossible for new parties to manifest themselves . 
  of course it would be frustrating for them and their supporters to fail at 4 . x % , but that is a rare case . 
  in 2009 , even the largest of germany 's myriad `` other '' parties ( the pirates ) did not exceed a six digit number of votes . 
  collectively , they made up 6 % of the vote . 
  that means we get to look forward to the two - or three-thousand comment megathread on sun - or mon-day where it turns out everybody on r/worldnews has secretly been an expert on germany 's political system . 
  with hits such as : `` the federal republic is just as bad as the nazis were because it wo n't let me deny the holocaust happened '' , `` i am an american-german , dae think germany should enslave greece ? '', 
  and `` it does n't matter , merkel is an american puppet anyway '' . 
  at the very least , what we can know is that putin does not think enough of homosexuals so as to not ( ab - ) use them for the sake of a political ploy . 
  that narrows it down a little by putting a cap on his opinion of them . 
  just a little though because numbers-wise , it must be a profitable political decision to trade the homosexual population of russia for its homophobic population , otherwise he likely would n't have made it . 
  being a gay politician does n't make you untouchable . 
  he could ask germany 's gay foreign minister guido westerwelle on his experiences of being couped as the country 's vice-chancellor and the chairman of his party , but i 'm not sure that putin believes he can be in the same room with him without catching the gay . 
   / r/circlebroke is where americans go to post anti-american stuff on reddit . 
  is it ? 
  my impression is that circlebroke is where you go to complain about american europhiles . 
  our politicians are funny people . 
  when the npd demands `` jobs first for germans ! '', 
  they suggest banning the party , but when asylum seekers and people from newly admitted eu members are knocking , they 're the first ones to shut the door to the labor markets . 
  under `` being a role model '' , the author gushes about our expertise in fields i 'm not even sure we can manage ourselves . 
  the energiewende is an experiment the outcome of which nobody dares to predict ( ecological revival ) . 
  our education system is fragmented because each state pursues its own policy ( how to organize an education system ) . 
  the richer l\u00e4nder want to renegotiate germany 's brand of federalism because they 're sick of paying for the poor ones ( how to decentralize a country ) . 
  we technically do n't have a constitution ( how to write a constitution ) . 
  both ends of the political spectrum frequently question our police force 's political neutrality ( how a democratic police force works ) . 
  the ` economic miracle ' that is supposed to be the reconstruction of east germany ( under `` a ` europeanized ' germany '' ) has left large amounts of people on both sides of what used to be the german-german border extremely unsatisfied . 
  and considering our demographic situation , this moment of power might actually be a very short one . 
  it would be a desaster if we signed up to all kinds of international commitments only to have the rug pulled away from beneath us because of an aging , shrinking workforce and potentially unsustainable pension systems . 
  that only works out if you think bild is an organ of the christian union parties . 
  which is hard to believe considering only working class people read it . 
  never said i did . 
  since it 's kind of a catch-22 situation . 
  we ca n't show children porn , so we ca n't study the effects of porn on children , so we ca n't tell whether it 's a good idea to show children porn or not , so we ca n't show children porn ... 
  i did n't say that . 
   alcohol has addictive qualities , so we keep kids away from it . 
  no , we do n't keep alcohol away from kids because it 's addictive but because it could impair their development . 
   but , had one from the beginning let greece default , they could have been well on their way to recovery . 
  possibly , but the greek government being debt-free would n't change the composition of the greek economy . 
  and since it is dependent on tourism and shipping , it could have gotten hit even harder if the global economic climate were any worse than it is now . 
   second , it would have been a lot cheaper for each country just to save their own banks . 
  possibly , but the banks were only just bailed out with several trillion dollars . 
   third - how in god 's name can you defend moving greek debt and bank debts over to tax payers in other countries , without even demanding collateral ? 
  because i do n't think the idea of moral hazard is all that interesting . 
  if banks were adequately sized , it would n't be a problem . 
  a ` too big too fail ' scenario has to be * prevented * , once it is reality , the banks really do have you by your balls . 
  by now , you can ` only ' cite the contagion effect as orwellhuxley and atomickoala have done below . 
  but it was n't always the case that most of greece 's debt was owned by other european governments . 
  when this crisis began , major european banks had very real exposure to greek government debt only a short time after being hit with the collapse of the american housing market . 
  i 'm not an expert on imf wheelings and dealings but usually when one negotiator gets a better deal than another that means he had more leverage , right ? 
  in terms of negotiating an imf bailout , ` leverage ' is probably equivalent to ` damage to the global economy in case of default ' . 
  greece gets a less bad deal than burkina faso because when burkina faso goes bust , that 's a problem for burkina faso and west africa , but when greece goes bust , it 's everyone 's problem . 
  but you know that already because we 've been told that for at least five years now . 
  the imf may be a tool , but not for the eu . 
  of the 41 countries the fund is assisting , only five are eu members . 
  i hate to work entirely in clich\u00e9s , but it 's hard for her to realise that because it 's likely that her entire political consumption consists of reading that cum rag bild . 
  that link gives me an error 500 , but finding the article under the / international/europe / section worked just fine . 
  maybe this link works , then : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/interview-with-historian-walter-lacqueur-on-the-decline-of-europe-a-912837.html, 
  [ oh god , he stood up from his wheelchair . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giwkb-x7wxq ), 
  personally i 'd attribute a lot of whatever anti-american sentiment there might be to the unpopularity of recent american administrations . 
  my impression is that on the ground , many people still think of america as the land of infinite opportunity , but its government is unpopular . 
  judging from the popularity of congress , americans know that feeling , but that does n't mean that they or we hate the country and or its people . 
  merkel is not alone in shielding america from criticism by pointing at the transatlantic relationship at the moment . 
  her minister of the interior , mr. friedrich said that ` anti-americanism really pisses me off ' . 
  and while we 're at anti-americanism , even former chancellor schr\u00f6der who refused to go along with the iraq war and railed against bush has warned the germans ` not to descend into some sort of superficial anti-americanism ' at the time . 
  a commitment to the relationship to america is part of the grand political consensus in berlin just like the commitment to european integration is . 
  in the historical canon of the federal republic , america is not just a friend , partner and ally but most importantly , a liberator . 
  i was well aware of that , but i thought i should answer your question seriously anyway . 
  german sense of humour , you know . 
  `` zeit '' is german for time . 
  onion would be `` zwiebel '' . 
  i ca n't really tell you what they were on about there , either . 
  you could get a transcript by buying die zeit 's digital edition . 
  but i think they only offer a suscription : https://premium.zeit.de/node/12436 the translation is done : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1i3mjz/angela_merkel_talks_surveillance_snowden_and/, 
  i 've bought today 's zeit and read the interview . 
  does anyone want me to translate the relevant sections ? 
   but should she fail to secure a parliamentary majority with the fdp sick of reading this scenario , it 's worthless . 
  same pattern as with the previous three state elections , to prevent this from happening , a couple hundred thousand cdu/csu voters jump over . 
  it 's called leihstimmen . 
  if i knew that german intelligence cooperates with their american counterparts , i would n't even want to have asylum here . 
  who could guarantee my safety ? 
  and yet he asked for asylum here . 
  which one is it , edward ? 
  client state or safe haven ? 
  for the sake of finding a price , there 's a world market , sure . 
  but it 's not that easy when it comes to logistics , is it . 
  especially if we 're talking oil and gas , you need pipelines and storage tanks and other infrastructure . 
   a second reason is self-interest . 
  america 's security umbrella allows european countries to feel safe from , for instance , the possibility of future russian aggression while spending little on defence . 
  this argument is rubbish and i ca n't believe how often it is repeated still . 
  50 % of the russian government 's revenue is from selling oil , gas and coal and the eu buys 80 , 70 and 50 % of russia 's output of those goods respectively .
