you first need to prove with trusted sources that trust is a good thing, 
  wait , wait . 
  peter is 18th , beginning . 
  ivan the terrible is earlier , there was something along these lines , but i am not very knowledgeable on that . 
  well , genetics academics is something that jumps into my mind related to this topic , but it 's just 20th century ... 
  not that bad for a bot tho . 
  also , with current problems with rent , they are gon na live on trees . 
  on lampedusa ? 
  holy crap , my alarm has a reddit account, 
  oh , i do n't attribute it to malevolence . 
  i think it 's falsified just because it 's cheaper , faster , and nobody checks it . 
  there is no need to search for conspiracy theories if something can be explained by negligence , nepotism and silliness . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhbueuoxntq - it was a spear , but having thrown spears myself , it was a nice feat i 'd say . 
  ( sorry for rt , eh ), 
  i am not sure if that matters . 
  with the amount of statistics falsified , state being intrusive and oppressive there , and fear of state agents being revived , and not passed from the soviet times , it 's hard to get a clear picture . 
  in the end , the question is if putin is supported by oligarchs , army , and fsb , all of whom he controls . 
  election are just a habit there it seems , in the same sense ussr had elections . 
  thank you !, 
  til, 
  i think you forgot the aliens . 
  they also want him to leave, 
  hm , what is this dent in ' 12 ? 
  trial of the approach ? 
  letter on a nuke ? 
  as someone who biked in israel - you probably ca n't imagine treck bike with two ( ! ), 
  children seats , going around 40km/h - but it is a pretty usual reality of 8am . 
  far from truth , tbh . 
  ukraine consider itself a successor state to kievan rus , galicko-volynhja , hetman ukraine , unr and zunr . 
  i have answered with examples in neighbor threads , but just to name a few - philip orlic , hetman , and maker of a new constitution ; mazepa , hetman who fought against occupying russians , pretty successfully ; danilo galicky , one of the old rulers , who founded lviv ; grushevsky , president of unr , professor and politician ; multiple culture figures , like ivan franko or kotlyarevski . 
  you can try to google some of it , they can be a way to build a positive identity , or even provide a figurehead in the fight against invading russia - one of the main reasons these genocidal figures were taken out of the closet . 
  i just do n't understand why there is a need to shoot oneself in the leg if you can go without it . 
  sane person would think that glorifying people massacring civilians in thousands , is not a good thing to associate his nation with . 
  at least i , as a ukrainian , think so . 
  apparently , not all people do . 
  thank you . 
  i would love to see more people like you or me , who can agree that past is ridden by mistakes , and stop this spiral a-la balkans . 
  wrong things should be named as wrong , and not been whitewashed , be it atrocities committed by ethnic ukrainians or poles . 
  the question here is what is enough . 
  and i consider that poland and ukraine erecting memorials a-la near kharkov together ( memorial of victims of totalitaryzm ) is the right way , not trying to find figurehead for current national resistance in the vile organisation of 40s-50s . 
  and working on the way to ensure that countries can get along , as do ukrainians and poles on the personal level . 
  i still think that concept of intermarium is stronger figurehead than these personalities , to put it mildly . 
  well , yes , i agree with most of your post . 
  i do consider that current independence and state organisation is built on top of ukrainian ssr ( and i do consider it a mistake ; it should be treated as occupation , not legit predecessor ) ; there was no ukrainian state after lost ukraine-soviet war . 
  i do joke that it 's easier to build a new parlament than clean the previous one , and i am absolutely not sure , what of value is left in court system , outside of buildings . 
  and yes , these are not my heroes , as is not khmelnitsky . 
  and i would love to see that more people are it this way than the oun-upa way of choosing heroes . 
  i am sad about people choosing it to see this way - and i am glad that , for example , in naming lviv airport , the name of danilo galickogo won , not the one that was second or third ( shuhevich ) . 
  edit : and yes , i completely agree that there are no pure people . 
  my point is , that picking more old heroes may signify different things , than picking resistance organisations of 30s-1954 , and as a bonus they are less controversial , as time already shaped the memory . 
  and this , they are better symbols , than controversial figures at best . 
  it is up to ukraine . 
  and as ukrainian , i would love to see it chosen in more responsible and wise way . 
  i do consider upa as unrelated to current ukrainian independence , i do consider that it attracted a lot if scum , and i want nation i am part of to think instead of picking strange targets for honoring . 
  edit : this my answer expands on what i mean by honoring different type of people : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6mlb59/bloody_sunday_11_july_for_poland_is_national_day/dk2rzil, 
  no , i was n't aware about it . 
  thank you for linking it . 
  i would n't make our , ukrainian , national decisions who to honor dependent on other countries doing the same for massacres against ukrainian victims . 
  as a ukrainian , i do n't want nations of poles and ukrainian people keep the same hate that produces lovely relationship in balkans , additionally fueled by ` good neighbor from east ' . 
  i would prefer the nation i belong to , to refrain from glorifying questionable at best organisation , and instead have memorials for people who died there - be it poles , ukrainians or jews . 
  and as ukrainian , i do n't feel that guys from upa are in any way representative neither of me , nor of current , modern , european type ukraine . 
  i would love to see more streets of pilip orlik , mazepa , barabash or others , who contributed to ukrainian identity , independence and culture , than having street of shuhevich or bulvar khmelnitskogo . 
  ukraine , as a nation , had a lot of honorable , or at least less controversial persons - be it danilo galicky , ivan franko , kotlarevsky or dovgenko . 
  or good warriors , who led country before khmelnitsky 's treason . 
  no need of tying our current identity and public recognition to dubious organisations . 
  you are in the wrong there . 
  ak never targeted civilians , and as an organisation never was implicated in anything comparable . 
  ukraine is much better than building contemporary identity on the war criminals myth . 
  these events are disgusting , as is glorifying the perpetrators . 
  ukraine has much more suitable models for heroes , albeit in more distant past , from 30 years prior to the hetmans who fought against occupying russians in 17th century and after . 
  there is no need in taking these bastards out of the ` disgusting and shameful past ' box . 
  the whole thing about upa killings in west ukraine should be treated as shameful event of the past , which current ukraine has nothing in common with , except declared nationality - same as done with traitors who joined nazis . 
  these people are war criminals , not heroes . 
  let the victims would never be forgotten . 
  it seems quotation is not recognized . 
  pity , seems fitting . 
  this looks like pretty scary and reminds of some of the old french riots . 
  what the hell happened ? 
  why no police around , why no firemen ? 
  any data on arrested because of this ? 
  out of curiosity - what was the original original title ? 
  eh , i mean , yours one ? 
  do n't get cold , mate . 
  england is far away . 
  let people enjoy some nice temperatures !, 
  no need for heat here . 
  had n't searched for it , so ca n't provide any news article on the topic . 
  myself just went the same route i do with holodomor victims - lit up a candle in a window for them . 
  ca n't agree more . 
  ok , i am a history nerd , additionally motivated by widespread roots of my family , and i can read in polish , english and ukrainian , so i fixed it for myself . 
  but this is very wrong that events that are important for big chunks of ukrainian territory , and incredibly so for contemporary relations , are missed and skipped in school curriculum . 
  i answered another user above , trying to clarify what i meant - https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6l638a/today_is_76th_anniversary_on_massacre_of_lw%c3%b3w/djrl43w/ but my take is that despite this event is about massacre that occured in polish kresi , and relates to polish inteligencija - city is currently in ukraine , and this is a huge part of it 's history - and thus should be included in school curriculum , alongside war of 1918-19 , potop events ( or khmelnitsky uprising as it is known in ukraine , totally ignoring swedish role in it 's success and not even mentioning them ) , and so on . 
  i think that a lot of hot topics of ukrainian-polish relations are born by ignorance and a lot of remnants of soviet positions in ukrainian education - at least , this is my take as someone who had one . 
  well , as someone who was born and grew up in ukraine - there was almost none mentioning of things that happened in kresi/current west ukraine . 
  no ethnic tensions mentioned , the whole period from russia civil war to after the wwii is skipped over even for ukrainian events , it was like 2 lessons dedicated to it . 
  none mentioning about parts that were in other countries at that time . 
  wwii was taught as ` heroic attempt of soviets ' , glossing over almost everything , mentioning some of biggest jewish massacres , and stopping at that . 
  part of my family comes from brodi , part from hotin - jewish and ukrainian origin accordingly . 
  almost all of the history related to region during interwar period i learned myself - i think it 'd be way more appropriate , if the events in lw\u00f3w / lviv , including controversial ones , would be included in education in schools - be it about destruction of creative part of polish nation , the siege of lw\u00f3w / lviv during polish-ukrainian war in 1918-19 , and so on . 
  skipping it altogether as not relevant part in education is leading to stereotypes , misunderstanding and bewilderment when mentioning it .
