  it 's got more to do with women 's education about contraceptives and ease of access than with culture . 
  did n't you know , all the refugees were a fifth column of the mooslem forces to soften europe from within . 
  if we can get some pagan metal lead singer as our premier ... 
  nah , there 's only one god-emperor on this planet : donald trump !, 
  are we gon na organise supply runs with sd cards full of porn for our russian brothers in arms ? 
  why take action against the shop , instead of against the owner ? 
  if they 're somehow breaking the law while spreading their ideology , then we can put them infront of a judge and have them imprisoned . 
  sure . 
  so now do you want the shops closed down because of the ideological stance of their owners ? 
  there are literally dozens of stores selling nazi shit in villages around where i grew up . 
  mostly it 's old wehrmacht clothing or old insignia . 
  as long as those stores can operate , i do n't see why conservative muslim fashion stores should be forbidden . 
  actually , their operation probably makes it easier for our verfassungsschutz to monitor who buys stuff there . 
   `` this is why these shops are so dangerous . 
  they are part of a culture in which members want to express that they belong to this islamist ideology . 
  patriarchy , anti-democratic thinking , support for violence - because they believe they live in a world which is anti-muslim - are all part of this thinking , '' schr\u00f6ter says . 
  is that literally it ? 
  this is why they are dangerous ? 
  from the title i at least would have expected they bring their customers in contact with recruiters for isis . 
  is there even any data available ? 
  our police usually takes about a year to compile and release data . 
  so right now i 'd be careful to say one way or the other . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/down_syndrome#name they really should n't use that term anymore . 
  once you publicly denounce and degrade other groups of humans , you are responsible when some dickheads take action . 
  this applies to fundamental islamist preachers just as well as to nationalist politicians . 
  any evidence for that ? 
  the us have arguably the strongest military in the history of mankind , and they 're constantly using it . 
  most of their economic indicators are pretty ok . 
   eu that uses other methods than the military . 
  i agree to that , military should only ever be a last resort for self-defense . 
  or maybe we could even spend less by utilizing synergy effects , for example removing 26-fold command structures . 
  [ looks like ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/522h0r/brexit_could_cost_germany_billions_german_finance/d7gu2zh ), 
  when i 'm on holiday in a foreign country and i 'm talking to my friends or family , i speak in german . 
  does that somehow make me a threat to people around me ? 
   `` there can be no democratic party right of the csu . '', 
  this still holds true in bavaria . 
  wearing an antifa sticker , so i suppose it 's the leftist party . 
   the vale of york clinical commissioning group will make people wait for up to a year for treatment for non-life-threatening conditions such as hip and knee replacements if their body mass index is 30 or higher . 
  great . 
  so they will not be able to exercise much with their knees fucked , making it difficult to lose weight in a healtyh manner . 
  no , really , what 's the end goal here ? 
  adapt , improvise , overcome the police ? 
  thanks , but i 'd rather be able to say that we do n't need this kind of underhanded tactics . 
  without free media in russia it 's most likely a futile exercise anyway . 
  singing the french antheme before killing someone sounds pretty damn french to me . 
  you would n't download a tank , would you ? 
  what you 're saying is guns are good at solving the problems guns cause . 
  yupp , i 'd `` punish '' suiciders with mandatory psychological counselling . 
  uh , the curiousity ? 
  everyone here in germany called it terrorism , because they tried to spread fear among non-native germans . 
  applying the same criteria here , that would probably be terrorism , too . 
   `` we have to be ready , '' mr. valamios said . 
  `` if it happens again , everyone will do the exact same thing : we will help . '' hats off for this man and his compatriots . 
  even when officials refused to send help , they gave all they could to save human lifes . 
  if my schedule allowed for it i 'd love to spend my holidays at a place where such amazing people live . 
  there 's a holocaust joke in there , but i 'm not gon na bother looking for it . 
  he died so we could shit ... post . 
  / r/imgoingtohellforthis, 
  yesterday someone on / r/de posted a picture with the ages of consent , but i ca n't seem to find it . 
  probably buried deeply within the comments of a completely unrelated post . 
  and i 'm not gon na go google `` age of consent germany '' because of the implication . 
  but i remember both people 's ages are taken into account . 
  they only measue up to `` completing tertiary education '' though , if i 'm reading this right . 
  that would encompass folks with a bachelor 's . 
  edit , and doctor 's degrees separately , so i 'll concede this point . 
  also , as an me student one year before his bachelor i would n't count me as an `` innovator '' just yet . 
  plus , germany 's pretty behind in academic graduation rates ( many people get an ausbildung instead ) and we still scored pretty good . 
  there is a certain age of consent ; i think if you 're under 16 you can not consent to sex with a person over 18 ? 
  from their [ n42 source ] ( http://www.n24.de/n24/nachrichten/politik/d/8984928/mehr-als-1000-kinderehen-in-deutschland.html ), 
  you see invaders and their victims , i see sportsmen and sportsmen . 
   police spokesman hanspeter kruesi told afp news agency the suspected attacker was not of immigrant background . 
  thought they were n't supposed to release stuff like that ? 
  or is that just a german/austrian thing ? 
  the red cross showed pictures of the east germans who escaped to the west via hungary , before the wall fell . 
  it looked remarkably similar . 
  it seems like living in a temporary camp , feeding from disposable dishes and not having any sort of waste management handy makes people turn to savages , regardless of culture . 
  [ tagesschau ] ( https://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/afghanistan-streitkraefte-101.html ) said there 's fighting in 31 out of 34 districts of afghanistan . 
  obviously , it 's only good customs to integrate into the local culture !, 
  it would be rude of immigrants to die sooner or later than the rest of the population . 
  he will be able to radicalise less others in jail though ( assuming careful handling ) , and that 's what i care more about . 
  i feel like for some people that 's the intended purpose of this law . 
   `` i do n't like seeing foreigners , so if i ca n't make them leave maybe i can make them stay where i do n't have to see them . '', 
  i 'm fairly certain it helped me pick up italian when i switched in grade ten . 
  plenty of german students learn latin , that 's got ta count for something , right ? 
   merkel  left hate to break it to you , but immigration aside she 's [ center-right ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_democratic_union_of_germany ) . 
  it seems to me you view european politics through the narrow slit of immigration ; or is your username pure coincidence ? 
  you 're not talking about the ... national socialists , now , are you ? 
  socialism was always about the communist international . 
  except i think it 's the other way round : we 've had deranged people committ actrocities like this way before significant muslim populations lived here . 
  blaming islam is just a convenient way to avoid tackling the issue of suboptimal mental health care . 
  read their flair , they 're anarcho-capitalist . 
  lots of recent attacks were carried out by people with certified mental health problems . 
  many people around here have decided that not mental health was to blame , but their religion , and thus post snarky comments under every article about terror attacks . 
  simple fix : employ the wife of your buddy who 's an mep too , and have him hire yours . 
  i agree , it 's interesting to give that statement without any kind of reasoning for it . 
  what i ** assume ** is that they searched his phone for radical muslim stuff , like chat protocols urging him to kill infidels or something , but did n't find anything incriminating . 
   the disproportionate amount of muslims is only one big monoculture for the most part what ? 
  there are sunnis , shiites , wahabis , alevites , alawites , kurds and probably about a dozen groups i 've forgotten . 
  and most of them seem to have some kind of dislike for other groups in particular . 
  `` men in ladie 's dresses not allowed '' would be gender discrimination , would n't it ?
