  remember those 100 missing teacher students ? 
  they could have been killed by hk guns . 
  for weapons and certain dual-use goods , yes . 
  turkey is kinda threatening europe though , many governments are frightened that if more refugees arrive they 'll be voted out of office in favour of nationalist governments . 
  you want turkey to send better rapists ? 
  would you like to see a wannabe terrorists loose somewhere on this world , or would you like to see him in a prison ? 
  what really concerns me is that the bundespolizei already had him detained after he tried to cross the border to denmark with 16 thousand matches on him , and then they let him go again . 
  what the hell were they thinking ? 
  i 'm certain we can make it a punishable offence to dress up in reflective vests with `` police '' written on them , and tell people to alter their behaviour . 
  stuff they said or handed out . 
  there were n't any laws at that time , but i really do n't see why we should n't create new ones . 
  we should n't back down from these fascists trying to establish themselves in public . 
  which part of their texts called for violence , denied the holocaust or was used to dehumanize others ? 
  otherwise it 's not volksverhetzung . 
  oh god , university dorms ... germany normally has really strict scrap separation laws , but someone noticed you ca n't expect folks who only come here for six months to learn that stuff , so everything goes to residual waste here . 
  even then , why would anyone subscribe to such a subreddit ? 
  it only exposes you to stuff you find annoying . 
   right-wing  saxony sounds about right, 
  yea , the southwest does n't want or need the csu , but seems like austria could do with a healthy dose of * traditional * conservativism . 
  germany would be all on board for this , but the last two times we tried you came and destroyed everything , 
   and i have n't seen a german turk woman not wearing a headscarf ever since i arrived that 's weird , most turkish women i know do n't wear one , that seems to be more a thing among women from iran . 
  then again most turkish people i know attend university , so there 's probably a fair bit of selection bias at play . 
   well i am not exactly persecuted * yet * . 
  just kidding . 
  i hope . 
  in case you have n't heard , [ germany offers asylum ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-state-minister-persecuted-turks-can-apply-for-asylum-in-germany/a-36301655 ) to people being persecuted for political reasons . 
  including turkish citizens . 
  i think you two do n't use `` we '' to describe the same group . 
  i 'm seriously too tired , i read that as `` leopard ii '' and kept looking for a hidden main battle tank in op 's picture . 
  username checks out . 
  has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
  i was n't aware our fish had fingers at all , has science gone too far ? 
  aye , straight out of br\u00fctal legend . 
  tfw russia is more moderate with their death sentence system than large parts of the us, 
  same here , i ca n't understand a word . 
  all communist states so far have been authoritarian , have n't they ? 
  [ like that ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/csbundestag/comments/6jbcuh/angela_get_clutched_merkel/ ), 
  i 'm not too confident in this pun thread 's half life . 
  these days too many brits get too butthurt too quickly ( probably tired of the same five brexit jokes being repeated ad nauseam ) , so you ca n't find many good hecklings between brits and french anymore . 
  eastern european/balkan bants keeps this sub going right now . 
  as if moon nazis were n't bad enough , now we 'll have to deal with fully automated luxury gay space communists from mars !, 
  that 's like an extreme version of a circlejerk . 
  folks were also saying the munich shooter shouted `` allahu akbar '' , turns out he was a nazi with iranian parents . 
  i can respect that . 
  but a bloody bot ? 
  is n't that a lot of effort for `` funny '' ? 
  y tho , / u/alienpirate5 ? 
  i ca n't remember the source , but in a pew study about 10 % of all interviewed somalian ( ? ), 
  christians had a favourable view of isis . 
   full of shit guy who 's so full of shit they are probably not even really a guy you certainly get creative . 
  i mean [ fried ice cream ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd3jxlybgoe ) is a thing , do n't see why baked would n't be . 
   nice . 
  nothing about that is * nice * . 
  i mean they allowed a motherfucking golden-skinned cyclops to attend , how much more diverse can you get ? 
  you 're the second guy with romanian flair in this thread who has direct contact with residents of that tower ; were there many romanians living there ? 
  name it `` libertaria '' and watch us-american libertarian investment skyrocket based on the name alone . 
  probably because my parents ' village is too remote to run fibre to ; they have to make do with lte . 
  they keep looking for a more bearable resolution . 
  at my student 's dorm i 'm getting about 80mb/s downstream and at least 30 up . 
  capped at 1tb/month . 
  so yea , it definitely is better in schwoabal\u00e4ndle !, 
  worse ... rural * bavaria * . 
  that 's more than half of my parent 's monthly data volume ... at home . 
  wearing cowboy hats and firing revolvers in the air ? 
   and follow it with reverence i 'd say anyone who still obeys the laws from the ot is not a `` modern '' christian . 
  not even the catholic church tries to uphold that bullshit anymore . 
  * whoever steals the wittiest one-liner and reposts them at a more busy time, 
  let 's instead go for the `` fuck this person in particular '' - system , where you get one or more votes * against * people . 
  who gets the least vetoes is elected . 
  that seems to be largely how people vote these days , anyway . 
  c14 can also be referred to as radiocarbon . 
  do n't see why h ^ 2 should n't be a vaild way of referring to deuterium . 
  a hydrogen isotope is still hydrogen . 
  just like we also call c14 carbon . 
  there was a lot of speculation about breivik 's mental state , though . 
   if we had cameras in every bathroom , we could completely prevent death by bathtub !, 
  works about as well . 
   or maybe our intelligence is just better than the british one . 
  i quite frankly doubt it ; how many plots were stopped by the italian police ? 
  scotland yard quoted a low double-digit number for this year a while back , did n't they ? 
  can you really ? 
  thought that 's only a crime in germany . 
  context makes or breaks that word . 
  `` mein kampf gegen den krebs '' ( my fight against cancer ) for example would n't raise any eyebrows , but `` mein kampf gegen die brd gmbh '' ( reichsb\u00fcrger , our version of freemen of the land , like to claim that germany is actually a company run by the us / ( ( bankers ) ) / cryptomuslims ) certainly would . 
  / u/merkelismywaifu this might be relevant to your interests . 
   actually , it 's a safe bet in general since turks are the biggest minority in germany as you should know . 
  that 's quite a leap . 
  you 're saying it 's mainly turks wearing burkas in germany because most muslims in germany are turks , are n't you ? 
  that would be true if wearing a burka was equally common among all kinds of islam , but that 's an assertion we have n't yet proved . 
  i 'm curious , when did you talk to women with completely veiled face ? 
  they usually completely avoid contact with men outside of their family . 
  how do you know their nationality ? 
  if i saw someone in a burka i 'd be unable to even tell their gender , much less nationality . 
  finally someone who has their priorities straight !, 
   go back to breitbart and fox news mate . 
  why do we keep saying this ? 
  we 're effectively telling them `` keep being misinformed '' . 
  might 've been bavaria too . 
  come to think of it , swabia is n't entirely out of question .
