the logistical challenge of organizing all that ... 
  that 's actually the first good argument against an eu army i have heard . 
  i 'll need to think about it for quite a while . 
  i 'm not saying we need more military budget , but if everyone in europe pitched in with theirs we could have a much more effective army with the same budged . 
  both are true , but we still should prepare to shore up our defense capabilities . 
   however our armed forces will have a go-ahead before . 
  interesting , who would be able to initiate mobilization without a bundestag decision ? 
   where do you come from ? 
  no no , i mean where do you really come from ? 
  i 'm bavarian , and i 've had people from northern germany tell me that due to my ( for them ) untypical name . 
  i can guarantee that germany would not be able to mobilize fast enough to beat back a russian invasion of the baltics . 
  any military action outside of germany 's borders needs to go through a vote in both the bundestag and the bundesrat , and i 'm very certain the left and the right ( if they 're represented in our legislative by then ) will not make this easy . 
  we 're realistically looking at a period of 24 to 48 hours until our armed forces even have a go-ahead . 
  i do n't like [ oxygen-free lakes ] ( https://www.planet-schule.de/sf/multimedia-interaktive-animationen-detail.php?projekt=gewaesser-ueberduengung ) . 
  even if it 's not cancerous to humans , it 'll still foster algae blooms in seas , destroying their oxygen balance . 
  we really should pressure our government to observe these rules . 
  why should we * dis * own you when in fact we do * own * you ? 
  ^ ( pls do n't hit me ), 
  i thought the terrorists do n't like that name ? 
  let 's hope eu court is in it for the bants !, 
  that 's why it 's banned in germany . 
  the medical risk to our populace is too great . 
  i do n't actually know any other cabaret comedians that had a foreign head of state go after them in court ... 
  the worst thing that ever happened to bierm\u00f6sl blosn was being banned from the bayerischer rundfunk for making fun of the bavarian hymn in their [ baywa-lied ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiatf5bm9tc ), 
  do you * trust * what you read on reddit ? 
  out of curiousity : what 's a british mp 's first obligation ? 
  to his own conscience ( like in germany , in theory at least ) , to his constituency 's people , or to his party ? 
   or did you have a point ? 
  nope , just an edge, 
  does n't happen in practise , because german companies have existed since before wwi and polish companies only got access to the free market 20 years ago . 
   at what point do you say `` fuck that we must stop him/them '' ? 
  apparently my fellow germans think the line is 70 000 people in a football stadium vs 365 people on a hijacked plane . 
  install ublock origin on your windows , everything 's fine again !, 
  i did n't believe any of this thread until i googled it . 
  hot damn this is hilarious . 
  any info on what kind of projects they 're going to focus on ? 
  and more importantly , which companies ? 
  i 'm on what ? 
  looks like some of my fellow germans are behind on their french-jokes quota ... 
  apologies , my eastern neighbors . 
   dark hair  filthy fite me irl, 
  i will despise people for undemocratic policies , though . 
  csu , even parts of afd are fine for me , but i draw the line a long time before dictators . 
  why is n't his politics a good enough argument ? 
  next you 're gon na tell me i 'm not allowed to hate on a decorated wwi veteran with a deep love for our environment and a strict moral codex just because of his politics ... 
   ( the believe the laws of 1937 still apply ) remind me , what was the penalty for shooting and killing someone in 1937 ? 
  let 's see if he still agrees with those laws . 
  nope , actually they 're pulling drowing people out of the water . 
  when italy was n't able to maintain their operation , hundreds of people died . 
  well , hundreds of people more than before . 
  to be honest , it would have been enough if germany and france would have stepped in earlier ( say 2012 ) when italy , greece and spain showed the first signs of not being able to handle border control by themselves . 
  alright , how many eagles are there in that one ? 
  seriously , did n't all polls say scotland would vote to remain part of the uk if there was a new referendum ? 
  what is she trying to do ? 
  this is a badly written , badly researched article from a weird blog . 
  we really should hold ourselves to higher standards than that . 
  awesome . 
  glad to see someone 's taking proper care of ukrainian refugees . 
  i 'm a little surprised though , judging by the number of polish citizens who come to germany for seasonal work i would not have guessed they have any more short-term positions to fill ? 
  `` intel '' aka the ravings of some disappointed right-wing nut . 
   judging by the state of germany at the minute you mean literally the best we 've been since the reunification ? 
   what has that got to do with anything . 
  poland has 11 shelters , germany has thousands . 
  if we assume that it 's the presence of refugee shelters in their neighborhood that drives people to burn said shelters , it is only natural that there would be several orders of magnitude more attacks in germany . 
  out of curiousity , how many refugee shelters are there in poland ? 
  but yea , one of my colleagues ' family just moved to poland for work , and they never felt not welcome . 
  so , what would be the economic damage of the kind of brexit britain wants ? 
  the economical damage of a `` hard '' brexit are available in the op . 
   the uk trying to profit from brexit will inevitably go against our economic interest . 
  we will have to protect ourselves . 
  but have n't we just established that we would hurt ourselves with a trade war ? 
  so we would have to go against our economic interest to protect our economic interests . 
  that does n't make a very good case for engaging in it . 
  t r i g g e r e d, 
  there 'd be no `` winners '' in a trade war , everyone would lose . 
  or turks or russians or occasionally americans ... 
  this sub is really vitriolic at times , and i am in no way free of guilt . 
  argh , yea , that 's the word i was looking for :d, 
  if they really changed your mind , you can use them as detergents . 
  we 've used similar programs for rehabilitated nazis , where they are sent to schools and clubs with children similar to their childhood , where they talk to the children about why back then he felt it was necessary to joing a nazi gang , and why exactly that was a bad idea . 
  often these people have a more direct `` access '' and a better understanding of the kids than any social worker could have . 
  is n't your new nuclear reactor being built by the chinese ? 
  good luck then . 
  i feel like this is 1916 , what the fuck is happening this year, 
  the catholic church needs to think about their demographics though . 
  how many % of all catholics are the portuguese ? 
  and how many are christians in various african nations with very different concepts ? 
  one single flag would certainly be a big plus . 
  this is reddit , you 're among equals here , 
  the timing is pretty telling , but remember how one case of arson in a refugee home turned out to be the work of the construction crew who wanted to cover up their shoddy work ? 
  i mean some isis-inspired teenagers bombed a sikh wedding here a while back , so an attack on a shia imam does n't seem too far off . 
  someone told me that about one in three pregnancies fail before the 12th week , therefore it 's not really a `` baby '' yet . 
  then again , i 'm sure a thousand years back one in three infants died before their fifth birthday , so should n't they also `` not count '' as complete humans ? 
  the point i 'm trying to make is : where do we make the cutoff ? 
  i found the [ original study ] ( http://www.demogr.mpg.de/de/projekte_publikationen/publikationen_1904/monographien/fertility_of_immigrants_a_two_generational_approach_in_germany_3629.htm ) , it 's in english ; but sadly it lacks the easily-understandable graphs from the article i linked to . 
   at a pinch , i can talk about it in english . '' pls no, 
  can you read german ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article8931910/migrantinnen-passen-sich-deutscher-geburtenrate-an.html ) article contains the statistics i 'm referencing . 
   fascists are by definition revolutionaries , and therefore left-wing did you even bother to re-read that sentence before posting it ? 
  most of those seem to suggest the numbers normalize after about a generation or so .
