  \u00dc this was a nice read , i really want to believe it . 
  just a guess , but with russia as a direct neighbor i 'd also avoid doing anything that might be interpreted as a threat . 
  however , legal entities such as states can definitely hold a debt as well . 
  if we can now establish that germany today is a successor of the german empire that inflicted this on the herero , one could argue that we 're still carrying that debt . 
  murder does n't have a statue of limitations , does it ? 
  the fanbase looks similar if you look from afar . 
  merkel 's the real `` anti-trump '' if you 're asking me . 
  yea , your personal experience is backed up by every statistic about young people 's voting habits . 
  probably read / r/the _ schulz and thought it was serious , then did n't do any more research . 
  as for major parties , gr\u00fcne are probably to the left of the spd these days . 
  when you 're also including parties that wo n't even scratch the 5 % hurdle , we could probably include the [ \u00d6dp ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%96kologisch-demokratische_partei ) ; while they position themselves in the middle of the political spectrum , they cover many important topics of the left . 
  is that literally all you care about on the internet ? 
  i 'm more worried about the lack of young people there . 
  it comes as no surprise to me that germans of e.g. 
  turkish origins largely have no strong feelings about the eu , but i 'd have hoped people my age cared more for this great project . 
  hm now they 're both `` europe '' . 
  guess i opened that website just when you changed your flair ? 
  i 'm confused , in this post your flair is `` europe '' , in the one above it 's `` greece '' . 
  how does that happen ? 
  swans can be gay * cries *, 
  psst . 
  he 's one of the folks who believe putting a millionaire in the white house will `` drain the swamp '' . 
  with that mindset , `` fixing '' a country is probably trivial . 
  after he managed to produce an environment impact assessment , a risk assessment , cleared an emergency way for fire guard , provided barrier-free access and installed an equal number of toilets , i assume ? 
  come on , can we please not make this about politics until it 's been confirmed to be about politics ? 
  we really do n't need more hate and division . 
  now that 's an appropriate username if i 've ever seen one ... 
  i know i should n't take the bait , but what makes a country a shithole in your eyes ? 
  what about that `` coup '' ? 
  i don ' trust this yes guy , he 's fucked up this country way too much already !, 
  shit , man , we 're not trying to trigger ww3 here, 
  shit man that 's low even for that sonuvabitch who still ca n't man up and admit to his forefather 's genocide of the armenians . 
  'cause you could only flatten one mountain enough to make it pass for an airport ? 
  what do you mean , `` used to '' ? 
  did you , like , build up an immunity to it ? 
  scar tissue making knives glance off ? 
  the hague will hear about this !, 
  got ta be * really * pissed off to push a butter knife that deep into an orange . 
  do n't forget keeping the turks abroad from integrating , pretty sure that 's also a goal of turkey 's current government . 
  merkel 's reaction to the turkish government calling us nazis was to say this was `` uncalled for '' . 
  the dutch banned their ministers from entering , and when angry people protested against that ban ( and that protest turned violent ) , police used water cannons to disperse the crowd . 
  save for the hair i 've got a polish costudent who looks similar . 
  also the first ones to be glassed in case of war . 
  so that 's what they 're doing in the backs of their camping wagons on our autobahn !, 
  for us foreigners at least . 
  hm ... yea i can see how that 's a problem when you put it like that . 
  if we do n't want radical islamists to share these pictures , we ca n't allow politicians to do so either . 
  i do n't get it , what are they investigating her for ? 
  wrong arm buddy, 
  your humor was still too subtle for people who had just been whacked on the nose by this joke barrage . 
  every account on reddit is a bot except you . 
   aleksandr kogan then moved to singapore , married , and changed his name to ** dr. 
  ** how comically evil can you actually picture yourself ? 
  i 've heard the generations after a war or famine are shorter due to epigenetic markers that inhibit growth as a way to conserve energy . 
  not sure if that 's still the accepted theory , but it sounds plausible . 
  depends on how old you are , no ? 
  most folks who were born before 1970 seem to be signigicantly shorter compared to post 1980 . 
  damn , looks like the swiss will have to bolster their navy !, 
  all assists tho ... 
  roman governors often exploited the provinces for resources and slaves/cheap manual labor though , as well as turning land over to former soldiers . 
  and all the good infrastructure they built was still eventually destroyed after their retreat . 
  you know , when the germans have very special feelings for someone ... 
  at times where merkel refused to consider an upper limit for the amount of refugees , gabriel considered introducing one . 
  the spd 's engagement for ttip alienated other left fractions in the eu parliament . 
  under gabriel , they also championed vorratsdatenspeicherung . 
  well right now i guess his polls are helped by not presenting a clear agenda . 
  right now everyone can project their hopes onto him , but once he has to commit to a course , he 'll inevitably step on some toes . 
  not necessarily , but we need an electable party left of the cdu . 
  sometimes during this government cycle , the spd 's suggestions were more conservative than the cdu 's . 
  the linke is not an electable party for me ; their revisionism and pandering to russia make them a big fat no in my book . 
  most arrogant : everyone from paris least arrogant : rest of the country not a frenchman , but i 'd wager that 's their reasoning . 
  can someone from ukraine answer this : how would the country react to russia basically paying them for crimea ? 
  like , of course folks would n't be happy about it , but throwing russia out wo n't happen within the next few decades , and it seems like the majority of folks in crimea did n't mind terribly being occupied by russia . 
  so would n't it be smarter to end this with a hefty fine for russia . 
  what a wonderful continent we live on . 
  thanks op !, 
  who 's gon na wipe your ass when you 're old ? 
  `` sooner would a dog start building up sausage reserves than a democratic government would cut its spending '', 
  i 'd be more interested in median purchasing power of european states ... 
  most of what growth the southern states experience seems to be due to statistical effects and changes in policy , rather than long-term trends . 
  but ... he literally just did !, 
  have you seen the thread on altright showing that while men had mostly voted for hofer , women had swayed the total election for van der bellen ? 
  the thread 's title was `` giving women the right to vote was a mistake '' or something to that effect . 
  so yes , allow me a modicum of disbelief if the same clientele now champions women 's rights in this thread . 
  hey , / r/europe , what happened to your `` when in rome do as the romans do '' you like to tout whenever it 's about arabian tourists misbehaving ? 
   no german ... left of the csu and right of the linke , at least . 
   non-country with the weird jesus fetish that should be partitioned between germany , russia and if they have time maybe austria for the greater good of humanity ... i feel like you might be going a little too far even considering the purpose of this thread . 
  `` the best turkish food is actually german '' ( referencing d\u00f6ner ), 
  to me that 's not even annoying ; someone who says that , even ironically , immediately disqualifies themselves in my eyes . 
  thus it 's not so much an annoyance as a useful idiot filter . 
  sorry , i would n't know , i 'm not that tight with them anyway ; we just used facebook to coordinate preparations for a chinese new year festival at my dorm . 
  yea , i remember a few of my chinese co-students sharing facebook pictures of europe with a minesweeper overlay and captioned with `` picking a holiday destination in europe be like ... '' not even my eastern european friends were as frightened . 
  right ?!? 
  i still maintain that bavaria is the closest we have to texas . 
  guns , bible , economical boom , weight , secessionism , ... 
  lolwat , since they contained all the schulz-spam it 's actually one of the better ones . 
  as long as you 're not a conservative in a thread that is not about refugees . 
  `` remove hawaiian '' lmao, 
  but are n't many qualified people leaving italy , spain and greece because they ca n't find employment in the first place ? 
  congrats to everybody who took to the streets in protest !,
