  both our fringe parties - the left and the afd - are pretty tight with russia , and they 've gained support over the last year . 
  i do n't understand the rationale either , nothing russia has done recently gave me any reason to trust them with so much as my spare change . 
  them buying up our high-tech industry certainly is n't helping . 
  i 'm friends with people who have contacts to kuka management , and the mood there is pretty sour . 
  i hope this is just influenced by day-to-day politics and does not signal a fundamental shift in our collective attitude . 
   and she ? 
  maybe they 'll cut her monthly paycheck a little . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves , the official court case is still underway . 
  [ then you 're not reading your news carefully enough ] ( https://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/amnestierumaenien-101.html ), 
  he wrote `` sudo '' you ca n't just veto that !, 
  seems like it 's now made out of steal ... 
  that 's a tad infuriating . 
  ca n't the eu do something ? 
  i mean , fight against corruption was a major hurdle in romania 's access process , right ? 
  it 's not too late to celebrate ww1 anniversary by starting ww3 !, 
  gunboat diplomacy seems to be high in demand . 
  one of my favourite levels in metro 2033 ... 
  the problem with staying small is that you 're an easy target for the bigger fish . 
  that 's not just other nations ; at this point huge companies are strong enough to start targeting countries . 
  i 'm not confident in germany 's ability to face a trade war with china alone , but with how fast they 're buying up our high-tech companies this already seems inevitable . 
  do you think ireland could stand on its own ? 
  how do we start there ? 
  student 's exchange , erasmus , holidays abroad are all a nice start , but really living unity is still far away . 
  i mean , bavarians have been part of germany since 1872 , and they still feel some level of reservation towards other germans . 
  username checks out ? 
  noooo !, 
  they 're going to fuck iter !, 
  bad sensor if i had to guess , or placed next to a chimney . 
  when has germany called for less european unity ? 
   `` majestic 6 '' what do american cinemas have to do with this ? 
  i seriously ca n't tell what you 're trying to say . 
  no , we 're `` calling for european unity in face of big challenges '' . 
  that 's the diametral opposite of keeping europe divided . 
  that does n't make much sense . 
  if we wanted to bully smaller countries , we would try and keep them divided and squabbling among themselves . 
  see : russia , usa . 
   make deals with libya , algeria and tunisia were n't you trying to stop making deals ? 
  do n't worry , this is just reddit being reddit . 
  all politicians that matter are firmly behind the transatlantic partnership . 
  the old versions are good to go though . 
  not a second . 
  they would n't even have to show me the tools to get me talking about everything they want . 
  what they hopefully would n't think to ask is about hidden files on an encrypted drive , that 's something truecrypt allows you to do . 
  trump splash-diving into office seems to have triggered a tsunami that threatens america 's safe harbor ... 
  the question is : is there a war where russia would have any chance of winning ? 
  and the answer is a strict no . 
  even if the us abandoned us , which i ca n't see happening , the european members of nato still outspend russia by a significant margin . 
  our money would be better invested in strenghtening social ties , so russia 's disinformation campaigns are more easily countered . 
  those few percent added together still allow us to outspend basically everyone , iirc russia does n't spend as much as any of nato 's top 3 payers excluding the us . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/military-spending/ ) some data , but that 's not where i read that figure from . 
  so , it 's more like `` the closer you get to the equator '' ? 
   the shitshow is in town . 
  we should 've put up a firewall when we had the chance !, 
  now they 're here and we ca n't throw them out !, 
   the chatroom 's admins have instructed users to make fake facebook accounts that are `` ideally young , cute girl , gay , jew , basically anyone who is n't supposed to be pro- [ fn ] . '' when you have to go to such lengths to spread your ideology , when you have to make up stuff and spread outright lies , is n't that maybe the time you should start thinking wheter that ideology might be wrong in the first place ? 
  i can understand getting caught up in a wash of half-truths , outright lies , and memes , but those producing this bile surely must have some ulterior motives , right ? 
  they could n't really be devoted to the cause when they know they themselves made it up in the first place ? 
  i wan na see the royal blowjobs !, 
   last year , the german government was put in the awkward position of ** having to ** grant a turkish request to allow prosecutors to investigate a tv comic who wrote a crude poem about turkish president recep tayyip erdogan . 
  that 's wrong , they never * had to * grant this permission . 
  they did so because they were afraid erdogan would back out of the refugee deal we made with turkey . 
  spineless shits . 
  not in a democracy . 
  if a democratically elected government goes to war , this war is legitimized by both men and women . 
  on a sidenote , i never believed women like you actually exist outside of the minds of mras . 
  ca n't find any info by quickly googling ; there are legislations for restaurants who must provide separate bathrooms for both genders , but nothing about companies . 
  i myself am against the draft for both men and women , but if you must draft men to serve in the army , why not draft women to serve * somewhere * as well ? 
  not having women 's bathrooms in a machine hall is illegal ? 
   but when i was looking for a traineeship 3.5 years ago i got turned down at some places because they had girls applying that were not significantly worse than i was , so they chose them because hiring a woman is safer by the law . 
  that 's bad , but also happens the other way round ; a friend of mine was applying for a six week 's internship at a company , and they could n't hire her because they did n't even have women 's bathrooms . 
  how about making it equal by drafting women for other services ? 
  germany had social work as an option for people who were n't able ( or later on , willing ) to go through soldier training . 
  i 'd say in our modern world open borders allow people to form their own opinion about foreigners , instead of relying on prejudiced bullshit they 're told by elders . 
  see erasmus program and the likes . 
  like , a hundred years ago my friends and i would hav been gearing up for war against the french , today they only make bad jokes about french cuisine , military and economy after visiting france during several student exchanges . 
  do n't think i follow there ; in the absence of ethnic conflicts we 've always been able to make up our own ( think squabbles between germanic states or 30 years war ) . 
  sure , if there had n't been any jews in germany , hitler could n't have killed them . 
  the logic checks out !, 
   a germane we 've already accepted responsibility for the prussian-french war , wwi , wwii , the holocaust , tokyo hotel , and wrecking greece 's economy . 
  must we really be blamed for this guy , too ? 
  lol @ [ arabia felix ] ( https://imgur.com/lhocqtt ) : `` is this still rome ? '', 
  - `` well , kinda ... '', 
  a burn hot enough to melt the wtc 's steel beams !, 
  and destructive , do n't forget the huge swathes of destruction they leave behind everywhere they go . 
   you mean the french and belgian attackers who posed as refugees to avoid having to use either their own passports or fake documents to travel back to the eu by air , risking security services flagging them ? 
  tbh that 's not a very good argument for open borders, 
  blink twice if you need asylum !, 
  the only folks caring about this already know how to block it , i 'd wager . 
  gladly , go right ahead . 
  they still have been part of european culture for centuries . 
  are jewish people not european anymore ? 
  to them it 's an important part of their religion . 
  says who ? 
   the guide , by former religious affairs department employee hasan caliskan , was handed out in two districts so this is n't being printed out by state media , but just some guy handing them out ? 
  or is this still some state-sanctioned guide ? 
  because if it 's just some nutjob handing out inane advice i 'd say flag as regional news ; we ca n't start giving every hillibilly international attention . 
  learning how to swim is bloody vital . 
  last summer a refugee boy almost drowned while taking part in a school trip to a lake . 
  ah , yea , gotcha , that definitely seems to be the case . 
  i do n't quite agree , you can be fascinated by history without `` claiming '' it for yourself or basing your identity around it .
