  `` your '', 
  at least we do n't speak danish . 
  there were only 4 possible answers , if someone does n't necessary agree or disagree the results will be flawed . 
  yeah and combined numbers it was around 50 million people vs 2 million swedes . 
  shameful victory by the coalition i must say . 
  the map that was posted was misleading as i said before , 49 % of sweden 's respondents answered `` fairly positive '' which might as well be a neutral answer . 
  the survey only included 4 answers therefore resulting in vague results . 
  oh come on that was 3 versus 1 , and you cowardly danes surrendered after a couple of months . 
  quite misleading , 49 % of sweden 's respondents answered `` fairly positive '' which might as well be a neutral answer . 
  but do n't let me disrupt the `` sweden yes '' circlejerk . 
  um yes it is ? 
  the usa and the eu are two completely different things . 
  most states in america are very similar to each other , the same can not be said for eu countries . 
  why am i even trying to argue with people in this pro-eu sub . 
  europe will never be a federation . 
  it will never be a country . 
  stop dreaming . 
  there is no we . 
  countries should represent themselves . 
  not really , it just seems like americans always want to point out how `` diverse and big '' they are , as if they are unique or something . 
  do you think northern russia is more diverse than germany because it 's bigger ? 
   texas and oklahoma ( america is too diverse between regions to easily stereotype , i think . 
  new yorkers have different stereotypes than us ) so like every other country then ? 
  and our liberator , gustav vasa managed to behead even more people . 
  is that actually a real picture ? 
  worse than libya , kuwait and mexico in 15 years ? 
  i 'm not even mad , that 's amazing . 
  i never said that . 
  look at my username . 
  if you think raping and pillaging was the only thing vikings did then you are highly mistaken . 
  and a united spain , germany , france and italy would be smaller than the us in population . 
  what is your point ? 
  obviously northern countries have less inhabitants because living conditions are harder . 
  thats easy to say when you live in the frickin blue banana . 
  well i certainly do , i also like to sing patriotic european songs with my local gypsy beggar , since we are both part of the same european country now . 
  it is n't . 
  ljubljana has oceanic climate , stockholm has humid continental . 
  i think finland has larger ... finland active personnel 7,929 military professionals 4,000 civilians [ 2 ] 22,000 conscripts reserve personnel 230,000 placed in prepared troops 900,000 with training and service obligation [ 3 ] japan active personnel 247,150 personnel ( 2015 ) reserve personnel 56,100 personnel ( 2015 ), 
  i do n't think many people blame the eu for the refugees , but rather the gypsy beggars and other eu immigrants who come here for cheap labour . 
   germany isnt nearly as fucked as sweden . 
  yeah sure , how does it feel to know that your tax money funded this film ? 
  those russians are in military costumes , not traditional dresses . 
  well the scandinavian mountains pretty much cover the entire western border . 
  if it is n't true explain why . 
  germany is a very stable country , just because they take in a high amount of migrants does n't mean the country is crashing without survivors . 
  the us was doing well with the republicans , finland is doing bad because of other reasons than decisions made by the ruling parties . 
  are any of those countries developed nations ? 
  sounds stupid , a pirate party can not run a country . 
  that would be only immigrants who have n't learned swedish yet . 
  you can not make a living here without speaking swedish . 
  we had a guy who hit on children and danced with them at the disco , and then he walked around and made grimaces towards us . 
  i think he might have been on cocaine . 
  i sort recognise this from my own ferry trip from stockholm to turku , weird shit happened indeed . 
  are you retarded ? 
   sad to see this can happen in a european capital , even in it 's worst neighborhoods . 
  this is n't in stockholm though , it 's in a suburb outside of it . 
  then how come i just read a police report yesterday where they described the ethnicity of the assailant ? 
  swedish defence budget : 1.24 % of gdp finnish defence budget : 1.36 % of gdp, 
  fittja is outside of stockholm . 
  they realised that the finnish winter is far worse than any war, 
  yeah fuck us for not arming ourselves with knives and axes attacking probably innocent migrants who have n't done anything wrong . 
  i see the holy roman empire has been reinstated . 
  we also have a much broader definition generally which skews the statistics . 
  i have heard that the french government at some point banished regional dialects and tried to homogenise the language . 
  many other countries have done the same . 
  hopefully they will deport as many men as possible . 
  take a look at nk 's economy , they could never even fund a war . 
  nk spending 100 % of their gdp on their military would equal 5-10 % of the swedish spending . 
  you find it easier to bond with an italian or swiss person , who may not even speak english , than an australian ? 
  it did n't , the next war against russia was n't until the 1780 's, 
  it 's because it has always been an immigrant city . 
  dutch , scottish and english people among others were involved in building the city and immigrating there . 
  it used to be known as little london i believe . 
  lol london has 9 degrees celsius as of this moment . 
  northern sweden has hit -40 in the past days . 
  i do n't know , as a journalist you can easily work from home using just a computer . 
  i see no reason why they would have trouble reporting on these very serious events . 
  trust me you do not want to live somewhere with -30 c, 
  slavery lol, 
  probably around 5 cm here i would say depending on where you are . 
  plenty of snow in stockholm, 
  why ? 
  so you can take a stroll through belgium again ? 
  love getting downvotes for a simple joke . 
  anyway yes , the russians took it as a part of finland but later when finland received independence they held on to the islands despite them wanting to be ceded to sweden . 
  and we will gift you \u00c5land , oh wait you stole it . 
  are you retarded ? 
  india is a mess , how could any country want to emulate that ? 
  goths ? 
  the goths were rightfully swedish !, 
  or gutes specifically !, 
  southern finland : i 'm a strong independent finland that do n't need no north, 
  huh , never heard about that , however it was n't a union and the article even says that the treaty never came into effect . 
  say what ? 
  that 's what i meant , support for sd is the biggest in low income suburbs around the southern cities and bigger towns . 
  however richer areas with where very few immigrants immigrants ( such as inner city stockholm and high income suburbs ) are very positive towards immigration . 
  same in sweden , the regions with the most immigrants are the ones who oppose it while the regions with almost no immigrants are in favour of immigration . 
  there is quite a difference though , a 19 year old finn/swede will not apply for low paying jobs while someone from a poor background will . 
  mountains are for skiing , not living !, 
  we just hit -1 in southern sweden and many refugees are going up further north .
