eesti can not into nordic , too much military spendings !, 
   poland for our glorious history togheter !, 
  yeah . . like that time we wiped out 1/3 of their population . . 
  but it has to be !, 
  there is no way it has anything to with things like obesity and crime rates which are far higher in the us . 
  videos of funny immigrants were popular in sweden for a while [ guy gets hit by a frisbee , nicknamed `` the forest turk '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzuia9tjn6e ) [ another guy wants to chase down a killer or something called `` the laser man '' , he gets nicknamed `` the laser turk '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esvukp7k974 ), 
  somehow they always manage to make it about immigrants . 
  i think a lot of people overestimate how cold scandinavia actually is , where most people live it 's not very different from the mainland . 
  wow you became legitimately angry because i linked to a subreddit ? 
  did someone hurt you ? 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  found the guy who buys sex abroad . 
  i read that mohamed was the most popular in oslo , norway and probably other cities as well in europe , but the more likely reason for it rather than high immigration is that a lot of muslims name their sons mohamed whereas native europeans have a wider group of names . 
  this was the austrian empire though if i 'm correct , which consisted of about 8 nations or something . 
  to be fair i have n't heard anything bad happening in malm\u00f6 for quite a while . 
  you must be scanian . 
  it must be all that p\u00f6lsekorv, 
  well that 's scanian for you , and do n't act surprised you started that mess !, 
  i could n't understand anything the danes said except for some specific words . 
  i 'm starting to wonder if i 'm just very bad at listeningg . 
  that and swedes do n't have an actual reason to protest . 
   nordic weather do n't even try it eesti . . 
  are you really spouting memes in a serious manner ? 
  also the irony is that you 're from france which has the highest percentage of africans and muslims in western europe . 
  while ukraine does have a lot more active personell , sweden still spends a little bit more on it 's military , and i 'd assume we have far better technology than ukraine . 
  who are you defending it from ? 
  isis ? 
  as opposed to poor finland ? 
  that 's because they are normal , working people who happened to live in a war torn country . 
  she looks like a transvestite with all the plastic surgery, 
  does n't matter , only one country has joined since 2010 whereas about half of the union joined since 1990 . 
  huh ? 
  i wonder if that includes countries that became eu members after the person immigrated to sweden . 
  this is what the eu looked like 25 years ago afterall . 
  northern sweden is big and empty . 
  not really suited for refugees walking between countries . 
  you mean they 're walking through lappland ? 
  that does n't seem very likely at all . 
   free , non-religious * adjusts fedora *, 
  is it though ? 
  according to wikipedia it has a gdp per capita of 29 000 $ whereas all of spain has 34 000 $ . 
  yes , god forbid finland accepts 700 more refugees . 
  the country would absolutely ruin itself . 
  exactly :d, 
  no you 've got it wrong , the great northern war was during 1700-1721 when a coalition of denmark-norway , saxony , poland-lithuania and russia attacked sweden . 
  you 're thinking of the second northern war during the mid 1600 's . 
  you could argue that they are part of the same war , but sweden 's decline did n't start until 70 after the deluge . 
  rip editor of that newspaper, 
   poles won and sweden was destroyed economically and military what do you mean by this ? 
  when were they destroyed ? 
  how many ethnic danes actually live on greenland ? 
  well yes , however i would argue that france , hre and the ottomans were stronger ( yes ottoman can into europe during this time ) . 
  poland being the most powerful country in europe could be argued . 
  goddamn refugees !, 
  they took our jebs !, 
  actually we found it , it was just another one and from ww1 but that 's unimportant details . 
  saw it now as well on dn . 
  source on that ? 
  no they would n't . 
  do you seriously believe they would write something like `` the ethnically swedish man is suspected of killing two people '' ? 
  i live in this country , they never state ethnicity if it 's irrelevant . 
  all mooslems are evil . 
  do n't you understand ? 
  nothing in that clip indicated that the suspect is a muslim . 
  it 's sad that people actually want the assailant to be a muslim just to push their political agenda . 
  it depends on where in norrland , people closer to svealand ( stockholm ) identify more as swedish and people closer to the finnish border might identify with finns more . 
  he asked me if there was anything more `` offensive '' , how should i decide if it 's all offensive ? 
  go look it up yourself and fuck off, 
  i have n't seen it all so i ca n't say for sure . 
  i 'm pretty sure they wrote more than that, 
  norway is n't either . 
  this map must 've been made by a dane . 
  could n't find a real source on the page you linked . 
  it 's really just speculation and latvians ca n't claim to have `` burned down our capital '' . 
  wikipedia only says that `` pagans from the east '' did it , estonians or karelians . 
  nice try though , latvia . 
  swede here who feels the same , people here do n't identify at all with being `` european '' in my experience . 
  people generally identify with being swedish first , and then the province they 're from , much like us states . 
  the scanian war counts as a swedish victory because denmark failed to accomplish their goals with the war . 
  sweden successfully defended itself . 
  denmark was conquered by the germans in 4 hours , a world record !, 
  i 'm hiding in my bunker right now as i hear the moslamic terrorists rampaging across the street . 
  dey took ur jebs !, 
  please do n't write the word `` y' all '' , it makes you look stupid . 
  some immigrants , especially older ones , tend to actually vote for sd . 
  this french march from the napoleonic wars https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx6e1lcpgsw&amp;index=3&amp;list=pl50c39802c7f028b8, 
  this is the weirdest `` northern europe '' i have ever seen, 
  this is like turkey celebrating independence from the ottoman empire . 
  those statistics just show the amount of people applying for asylym . 
  does n't mean they 'll be granted . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  the neighbouring countries take in millions, 
  yes but we did n't try to swedify you . 
  says the oil-dane, 
  germans ( probably mostly northern ones ) have immigrated to sweden ever since the black plague . 
  might be one of the reasons why german and swedish culture is so similar . 
  yeah . . you should leave . 
  he 's laughing at dots on a map . 
  charles xii was the only one who actually invaded during the winter . 
  soo how much will this cost us ?
