  the definition of capitalism in the proper sense of the term is control of production through the ownership of capital , we 're not in `` crony capitalism '' because this is simply exactly what the world looks like when those who profit from industry are an extremely small class of people who happen to have arbitrary pieces of paper entitling them to the work of others , our land and our resources . 
  what marx advocated instead is socialism which rather than being control of production through the ownership of capital instead production is run democratically by all involved . 
  this means rather than a small board of directors deciding how a firm operates , where the goods and produced , how they are produced and how the profits are spent instead all the workers get together and they make these decisions and they appoint the managers . 
  economic democracy , thats what socialism is , and this changes everything because the workers wont be as quick to pollute their own air and rivers without the comfort of living far away , because the workers wont decide to pack up their factory and move it to some other nation because wages are a little bit cheaper there , because the workers wont destroy needlessly ruin their own conditions that those in capitalist firms have to strike and unionize for in vain and most importantly the workers wont decide to divert absolutely exorbitant amounts of profit away from the firm so as some person with a magic piece of paper can enjoy a cruise around barbados . 
  its all still a free system , there 's no government bureaucrat telling these workers what to do , no extra regulations controlling `` the market '' , no raise in taxes or spending by the state . 
  no its just like now only property rights currently enforced by the state to benefit the few have been redefined so the more efficient and fair way of doing things takes precedence . 
  exactly no one wants total equality but if you have a system in which wealth becomes so grossly unevenly distributed as it is the idea of retaining equal opportunities and fairness is absurd , even democracy itself has been shown time and time again to come second to the power that this level of wealth gives command to a few . 
  marx would n't disagree with you , moving on from practically feudal economies into a capitalist system will always make life better for the people involved . 
  the problem with capitalism however is that it is an ultimately unsustainable system , when it reaches a mature stage with inequality rising and resources accumulating into the hands of a few it becomes clear that a new system has to be moved on to . 
  likewise marx never advocated an all powerful state who controls all industries , if you want to criticize socialism go ahead but at least take the effort to actual learn what you are criticizing first before regurgitating very tired tropes . 
  that 's true but my issue is n't with the author so much as the liberal press 's reaction to it . 
  in fairness the logic works given he * thinks * that switzerland is going to be doomed otherwise so any chance of the right direction is better than any damage it will cause in the short run . 
  why he thinks that i have no clue given switzerland is performing pretty well in european standards from what i am aware of . 
  again i 've already seen this exact narrative coming from marxist thinkers such as richard wolff simply applying basic marxist mode of analysis on this century 's history . 
  through the last half century of propaganda and ideological hostility liberal economists had an irrational aversion to marxist thought and now that their own theories have been shown to not hold up against the contradictions of capitalism they are inadvertantly claiming ideas he came up with over 150 years ago . 
  i mean simply compare piketty 's ideas here to this lecture by professor wolff using a historical narrative he 's been teaching for decades : http://youtube.com/watch?v=9m-ogzd8y4c, 
  ##  take an idea by marx ##  present it as new to liberals ##  ?? 
  ##  be anounced as a groundbreaking new thinker seriously who the hell ever doubted capitalism creates inequality , its how the whole system operates . 
  i was n't at all trying to imply that , infact you can look up the figures and see they actually benefitted greatly during this time . 
  my point is that their insatiable greed and inability not to display new moral lows will propell the regular people they rely on to support their crumbling structure will sooner move to destroy the system that creates them . 
  the problem is crowd psychology is practically a separate entity than the individuals involved , its not really something that can be controlled by reason . 
  sad as it may be to see historic buildings destroyed i think there 's more important things to consider than the material damage of what may as well be a natural force . 
  i did n't attribute any success to putin , yes there 's been some economic growth which is n't very difficult to achieve in such an economy but the only success putin managed was to balance out the chaos of the transition era . 
  the real trouble for the russian people was that in the communist era for all its faults they were used to it , they knew where to go to get such a thing , who you were to bribe to get something done and who was really in charge outside the `` paper '' but there was real cultural chaos after the breakup and putin is celebrated by many there because for better or worse at least he got everything in check and made clear how this new regime is run . 
  other than that of course i agree that putin has been peeling back civil liberties and running russia for the oligarchs but to say russia would be just fine and dandy without him is deluded , someone like him was simply the inevitable result of how things fell apart . 
  i 'm sorry but have you forgotten yeltsin ? 
  mr 2 % approval ratings ? 
  putin was n't the one to bring russia into a spiral it was like that from the beginning of the breakup . 
  he worked for the god damn k. g. fucking b. for goodness sake i do n't know why people presume he 's trying to take the higher ground on this matter . 
  call him what you want but he 's not a hypocrite he just does n't care . 
  i liked the london one ... 
  always leave it to the rich to sell us the very rope to hang them with , all this shit and i guarantee you not a single thing has been learned by them . 
  i know the type , the ones that come home annoyed that the local rural village they 've invaded were n't accommodating enough of their non-spanish speaking egos sense of entitlement to be catered for . 
  its like a poorly constructed aztec temple . 
  this is absolute nonsense france relies far more on its actual bordering neighbors in the eu than it ever has on britain , germany especially . 
  its not too impressive though since you started out the richest of the lot anyway , slovakia is the most impressive jump from second worst to 3rd highest . 
  i disagree i think its the exact opposite , what you 're talking about makes it sound like everyone getting on their knees and singing kumbaya , look how peaceful and non-threatening we are . 
  placing flowers on the police men is a provocation , a deep one at that , it requires getting right up to the police man , reaching towards them and placing a patronizing symbol on their uniform , it may not be swinging a chain at them but it is a powerful way of provoking tensions in a non-violent manner . 
  of course it does make the police look worse if they do react but it is very much a declaration of empowerment for the protesters , its like announcing we 're not afraid of you . 
  because a good protest is supposed to provoke , its not some discontent letter in the form of a parade its a show of power of the people , this is the principles of * aggressive * non-violence that gandhi formulated , if the authorities are n't itching to bash your skulls in you 're not effectively protesting . 
  i love how by the law that all place names have to include irish translations they basically had to make up brand new fake titles for half the country that never had an irish name to begin with . 
  and like most always the irish system is exactly like the british system before they fixed it ... 
  they gathered attention two elections ago just after the financial breakdown , sort from the same stream as the occupy movement , but they failed to pick up steam mostly because it was early days and they had no clear agenda . 
  we also have an old socialist party who look to be picking up a lot of votes . 
  in either case simply more indepedants outside the sad little club that runs things would be great if they 're half as commited as `` ming '' flanagan here : http://youtube.com/watch?v=qdsw9eajmwg, 
  also known as most of the world 's population . 
  yeah its very mysterious how this will play out in the election in 2016 , the likelihood to me is the formation of a new left wing party like we seen with syriza in greece . 
  hopefully we will not have ourselves a golden dawn too , but historically irish people have always been heavily inclined against the far right and i do n't see this changing . 
  [ well how can you blame the british public when you had such convincing well grounded counter arguments like this . 
  ] ( http://kera.name/articles/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/no-to-av-baby-campaign-005.jpg ) you know ignoring the fact that figure was ~ ~ totally made up ~ ~ including the cost of the referendum itself regardless of outcome . 
  its basically just printing what the entire nation always has been thinking . 
  ireland is a unique environment politically , instead of a left-right spectrum of parties we have three populist parties who somehow are n't at all popular . 
  for this reason 25 % of voters intend to vote for an independent candidate in the next election ( only 2 % behind the first polling party ) which is the highest in this nations history and probably one of the highest ever in politics in general . 
  well in a first past the post system anyway , we use proportional representation which removes that issue . 
  i do n't really have favourites but more a listing of who i have n't quite learned why i should hate as a despicable gobshite yet . 
  hah well at least rugby is one area we 're united in . 
  woah always thought london was the largest in europe , never realized istanbul was so huge . 
  if such a thing could be managed without issue i 'd agree with you but i 'd be worried it would just continue animosity from both sides with both feeling like the unevenly persecuted side , the fact we can have a quite functional coalition today with men from both parties shaking hands with the queen and president shows great progress has been made even if true justice had to be set aside . 
  that is these men are highly charismatic , cunning and well connected , its better that they should be arguing over austerity and unemployment than inspiring new generations of youth to continue killing each other and you can see it really is on decline , northern ireland is not the same nation it was just two decades ago . 
  there 's still problems absolutely but they are improving at a great rate in the younger generations especially . 
  i would n't say they `` planned '' to be martyred but you can see in their writings they were very much prepared and acceptant that such a event may be necessary . 
  the hope beyond hope was that the irish people themselves would rise up with them and while that did not occur it was still a success in many ways . 
  another thing to consider which is nearly always overlooked even in ireland is that many of them such as connolly were marxists and sought to create a socialist state , so the rising was very much connected with rosa luxemburg 's revolution in germany , not to say 1916 was a socialist rising which it certainly was not but it was absolutely a huge influence in the irb 's leadership and strategies . 
  one of connolly 's quotes being :  `` if you remove the english army tomorrow and hoist the green flag over dublin castle , unless you set about the organization of the socialist republic your efforts would be in vain . 
  england would still rule you . 
  she would rule you through her capitalists , through her landlords , through her financiers , through the whole array of commercial and individualist institutions she has planted in this country and watered with the tears of our mothers and the blood of our martyrs . '', 
  so i would argue connolly would see this as the central failure of the movement that it was to be later co-opted and the narrative re-spun by the likes of de valera who later held the republic as a quite conservative state with extremely close links with the church ( and so even today the vast majority of irish schools are church owned ) . 
  did i imply that ? 
  i 'm saying their actions were their actions , if they should apologise its their apology . 
  because they operated within an independent unaccountable group , never did they rely on the compliance of the entire political and military apparatus the action of a state requires . 
  and neither mcguinness nor adams have utilized their powers as statesmen to take violent action against innocent civilians , any crimes they may have committed in the past are their crimes and holds no weight on the irish state in the same way the actions of previous british administrations certainly does , not only in ireland but throughout the godforsaken empire . 
  both of you are missing the point , the leaders of the rising were never relying on actually defeating the british the point was to inspire the irish people to rise and seek independence which it was totally successful in achieving . 
  the rising entirely shifted the discourse of politics in the nation from gradual reform into a devolved home rule into demanding a fully separate nation . 
  and sinn fein suddenly gathering a unanimous victory in the 1918 election was just some sort of fantastic coincidence then ? 
  i wonder what mysterious changes must have happened unseen in just two years from when the majority were `` 100 % in support of the union '' . 
  the ira as a paramilitary group can not be held accountable in the same fashion as an entire state 's governments . 
  it was only a couple of years ago we got an apology for the bloody sunday massacre its not our hatchet to bury here . 
  i 'm saying the two literatures exist as the same school , they connstantly share and contribute to each others ideas to the point where dividing them becomes just a trivia exercise . 
  lets go outside writing today to see the same effect ; father ted while being of course deeply irish with a predominantly irish producted was also a very british comedy , as in its style of comedy drew heavily from a wider british comedy tradition , which we in turn heavily contributed to over the centuries . 
  all some are trying to do is cut ourselves out of that association which i find to be a gross restriction of what we 've contributed to the world . 
  so what i mean is , yes there is irish literature just as there 's individually welsh , scotish and english literature , but all four have historically belong in a common school of british ilses tradition in which their development depended on each other , you ca n't seperate them fully and not talk about one without the other , and there 's nothing wrong with that , is who we are as a people . 
  chances are that ignorance already existed , me saying britain and ireland would n't change misconception he already held . 
  it gets annoying as well when i want to talk about things like `` british literature '' which includes a great deal of irish authors who were important in its development . 
  like there 's no such thing as irish literature taken out of context of the british tradition as if you could go through it without mentioning the likes of shakespeare and byron , and at the same time you could never get a proper history of the british tradition by leaving out irish authors like swift , wilde , joyce et al who were likewise essential in the canon . 
  you could talk in such a case about british-irish literature but such a statement already has an inherent divide in it , like they 're separable in the way i 'm using them . 
  anglo-celtic is n't so bad because it implies scotland and wales too rather than just ireland but it still has that separation problem . 
  british used in the context of british isles works but then others get worked up about its imperialist connotations , but its the one single unifying term that can be used for our islands of tea drinking , football obsessed , fry and chipper eating bunch of eccentric barbarians off the north west coast of europe . 
  we all have our differences of course but i see some irish people claim we are just as far from britain ( especially england ) as we are far from france , even the above person drawing a parrellel between us and britain being comparable to france and germany which is just ridiculous , we are very much the same cultural group in the way that those two and many other neighboring nations are not . 
  and this shared culture deserves full embracing not denial . 
  i agree in large part and must may clear i have no attachment to the phrase , only that pragmatically i feel it is the best available for these purposes , but maybe your right and i should try to use anglo-celtic isles in the future . 
  regardless of its historical relationship to imperialism i still find it a necessary term and north atlantic archipelago which i 'm aware is officially used is just simply inadequate as many people will not understand what i 'm saying ( and frankly it just sounds awful but this is n't wholly relevant ) , anglo-celtic isles is a lot better but it still seems rather clumsy to use . 
  also britain is not just a political entity it is also a geographic name for the island , if scotland was to become a separate nation they would still be located on the isle of britain . 
  in either case i 'm probably going to continue using the term for these purposes , its too convenient for the meaning being evoked , we four nations deeply share history , traditions and culture despite our various conflicts and such a connected entity needs a title , `` the british isles '' seems most adequate to that purpose to me and i do n't feel like any less of a proud irishman for using it . 
  oh come on its just a term for the region of islands , a term that 's very necessary for geographic and cultural uses where none others exist . 
  nice from the icm too , it would be great to have another independent friend on the british isles for the first time in centuries , hope to see scotland back on the map . 
  hah i know i 'm not serious about this , although we also can get around that by speaking in a strong dublin accent , people in the west of ireland can barely understand some of us although it works vice versa too . 
  * weak dialectical divide besides i rather speak english natively than be stuck with some language spoken by only a few million other people with nothing really to gain from it . 
  ## \\  wondering if it 's a real language to begin ## \\  dutch ... 
  here 's a interesting video on the `` black irish '' of montserrat descended both from irish and black slaves of the island but retained their west irish accent over the centuries . 
  its a good account of the history in most respects but his own interjections were unfounded .
