  honestly i thing we should start taking large steps away from representationalism all together . 
  he might just be a pretty decent guy but yes looking at demographics it is statistically improbable to a massive degree a black man would be elected in a country that could fit their black population in an average super market . 
  novelty of race likely was a strong factor in the election . 
  the roman 's practically done that two thousand years ago . 
  `` look at those dirty germanic barbarians massacring our soldiers just for trying to take their lands and gold , such heartless savagery , we need to do the brave honorable thing and go kill all their women and children ! '', 
  edit : i 'm being downvoted but this was exactly the roman attitude : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=vtxsegkeykk#t=1795, 
  unfortunately a lot of them , though not restricted to britain of course , actually do believe in this rubbish , which is why he 's elected to begin with . 
  i think it 's more to do with the land quality and other logistical features , they simply did n't bother expanding into poorer areas rather than the poorer areas being the result of them not expanding there . 
  and look into new forms of nuclear too . 
  if lobbying was an issue the oil industry would be far more important factor as they are far more powerful and opposed to nuclear energy . 
  i 'd be skeptical that the guard may be involved in underhand activities in the prison and this is a way of black mailing the prisoner . 
  `` you get to see your kids once i get a cut in the contraband trafficking '' or something of the like . 
  a lot of the countries here have had more than one independence day however . 
  yeah from reading your other comments below i agree with your sentiments , the roma are increasingly being used as a tabloid boogieman figure and thereby exploited by the far right, 
  you 're assuming it 's an extremely common thing to happen . 
  i 'm really not going to bother legitimately arguing here with a person who makes an account specifically to defend such an ideology , whatever i say here you will simply adapt your argument where needed to give some light pc argument , just like all fascists there is no real political structure to the ideology because what you state there must simply what gains you support for the prime agenda of hatred and racism , everything else is just a facade . 
  yes , and there 's a reason why marxism is alive and well throughout universities globally while fascism would laughed out of any lecture hall . 
  what we 're discussing here is fascism in the nazi - frankfurt school sense of the term not the vague formulations originally devised by mussolini which was little more than a crude nationalist liberalism , and i 'm sorry to say as much as it may pain you to abandon the term it 's legacy is firmly implanted in the former now . 
  how about when they start killing political opponents , this is a nice rough starting point . 
  fascism is n't a political view , it 's a cult of violence and elitism , it 's both a criminal gang and a collective insanity and deserves to be treated as such . 
  you say that as if political discourse is not severely limited in the us , nowhere near as bad as russia obviously but the spectrum of what you can and ca n't say in media is quite controlled even if not directly by the state . 
  sure it 's exactly why we left with proper druidic foresight a hundred years ago , and look at us now in the same browser club as sweden . 
  i absolutely agree , europe is no less guilty of benefiting from imperialism than most every other world power . 
  and both of those conflicts were blatantly manipulated to impose a higher agenda , mali to secure the resource flow from the established regime and the balkans in order to ensure a proper transition from the old communist regime into the hegemonic neo-liberal capitalism . 
  they were real conflicts of course with many innocents in danger but it 's quite clear they were both opportunistically exploited and exaggerated by politicians and the standard press , meanwhile many other conflicts wage in other parts of the world all but ignored . 
  i 'd rather we stop imposing imperialist agendas full stop , whoever 's interest it is in . 
  how would you organize such an election though ? 
  it would be a lot of work for a pretty much unimportant position . 
  i think it 's really because since independence it was always taken that english ancestry was the sort of `` default '' ethnicity , you did n't really bother mention you were of english descent because it was taken as a given where you do n't mention any other ancestry , people did n't really perceive you as being culturally defined by your english heritage as is the case with other ethnicities . 
  over time this has become far less true but culturally the same attitude remained . 
  i say english because scottish and welsh are pretty well self reported like irish and continentals . 
  you could say the same about many nations , us deserves no special treatment . 
  pessimistic and defeatist ? 
  what , we should be basing our interpretations of political discourse based on what makes us feel good ? 
  the only defeatist i can imagine in this situation is someone who actually trusts what this man is saying , there 's someone who has really given up . 
  what has happened in the last half decade was after the cyclical lending circle finally fell apart as artificial expansion of demand became unfeasible with economic reality we have now been burdened with the ruins , welfare and pensions have been thrown around as a bargaining tool but our politicians were clever enough ( in a rare display of that attribute ) to not have directly hit either too hard , though they have indeed been hit , instead gradually the irish people are having the carpet swept from under them on many fronts and it 's only going to get far worse in the coming years . 
  well it seems pogroms are finally returning to russia ... 
  yeah even if this is a poor attempt at joking using that sort of rhetoric even for the sake of humour is really tasteless given recent history . 
  ok well what is happening here is not that the `` bailout '' will be gone , rather the nation will no longer be closely supervised by the eu and imf and they will not have a strong influence over our budgets , however the nation will obviously still be in massive debt and hence unofficially the influence of these institutions will still be strong even if indirectly . 
  sinn fein ( i should mention i 'm not a sinn fein voter ) is opposing the claim as part of their long time stance against austerity measures being fundamentally a form of class warfare . 
  the era of the bailout may be over but the era of deficits and strangling the poor will not be ending for a long time it seems with austerity measures set to continue on the same pace while this administration turns it 's back on the suffering of the people of this republic . 
  irish politics is nothing but a crass idealess power struggle , do n't be fooled what seems like good news is just a blip within a tragic long term facing the nation under the major parties . 
  really the dominance of putin is based on a fear of russia 's current elite of communism returning , the cprf are still one of the largest parties in russia with wide public support , even if it costs the nation 's democratic integrity the elite are happy to prop up a dictator like putin . 
  unfortunately this law will likely drive even more criminal activity to the outskirt of cities as it seems to be primarily concerned with protecting the consumerists shopping cultures and tourist industries around the city center which will receive the most enforcement while the outskirts where working people actually reside will be the most likely place where they will be relocated to . 
  likewise in sparser populated areas with less liquidity on persons rather than relying on the predominantly nonviolent nature of pickpocketing and begging they will have to shift tactics to resort to muggings and residential burglary . 
  but hey shifting the burden to the poor is good for business and this is what has become of political discourse , the state exchanging begging around h&m for stabbings around your home , and not a care will be given for it . 
  it 's not at all a new concept either , begging was banned for centuries and it 's prohibition especially picked up during the 19th century , in britain you had to legally apply for a license to beg if you had `` legitimate '' reasons for being unable to work . 
  fact is this sort of reactionary nonsense did n't work then and it sure as hell wont work now , the most change this will make is likely exacerbate thieving rates and simply hurt the most vulnerable in society who will be constantly harassed by legal measures . 
  actually surprisingly if we went by number of speakers french is actually the second most common language in ireland by a huge margin : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:foreign_languages_%c3%89ire.jpg, 
  really , i thought most in the continent pronounced a vowel at the end of europe ? 
  yeah i know but it 'd make more sense that it should be about the particular european style of ultra-jingoism rather emulating the american one . 
  it should really `` uropa '' , i think urop sounds too american . 
  well the former should always be priortised over the latter , especially with russia 's current leadership . 
  there 's also racists , homophobes , sexists and fascists of all sorts on tumblr and other parts of the internet yet i literally see them getting less hatred aimed towards them on reddit than feminists , there 's people from all groups who say stupid shit i see no reason they deserve special attention ? 
  instead we have 40000 on a subreddit pretty much dedicated to decrying feminists while there is no / r/racism a subreddit dedicated promoting racial equality is barely over 4000 . 
  are bootleg cigarettes really that widely used ? 
  surely russia 's neighbors choosing eu co-operation over co-operation with russia would weaken the eu-moscow rift by undermining the possibility of a separate strong eastern-european union forcing russia to join in with the rest . 
  slightly more . 
  nah post-colonialism . 
  in the current system there are those who work and those who own the means of production , the benefits being reaped of that ownership whether directly or indirectly vary by person but economically these are the only two true classes , whether you are personally doing well has nothing to do with the conversation at hand when the fact is those who do not own capital are suffering and those who do are benefiting along with those who are integral to their ownership . 
  indeed and things are working as intended as far as they are concerned , bailouts for the rich on the backs of the poor . 
  the entire recession has actually been a period of tremendous growth for the rich and tremendous suffering for the rest of us and just as they had n't had a clue it was coming they have absolutely no clue how to make it go away . 
  do n't for a second believe these fables about escaping the recession in the near future , public debt is just continuing to pile up while the rich are abandoning us for better prospects in the `` rising economies '' , sooner or later that debt will come crashing down and we 'll be the ones to have to clear up the mess again . 
  it 's not really blatantly negative like other racial slurs but it 's considered to have very condescending implications . 
  it does n't help the car market was already hyper-inflated to begin with the last few decades , maybe not in eastern europe but a declining car market in the west really should n't be a problem but markets demand never ending growth to function . 
  lets face it though it * always * has been since the time of the ancients . 
  admit it , your mps voted to raise the fees just to spite them . 
  that 's what we would have done anyway , still surprised we were ever let into west minister ... 
  i 'm not sure if i understand what you mean exactly here but scottish banks are in the uk . 
  this will surely reduce pick pocketing . 
  do n't worry they 'll never make it to australia , did n't you hear tony abbott has bought every boat on earth ? 
  nice big mugs too , none of those pansy little teacups for us . 
  they always choose them well too , nice mix of classic and domestic premiers . 
  another big factor i find is that for the most part we in the republic and those in britain have also completely lost interest in the debate , even finding it repulsive . 
  it was only 40 years ago when you 'd have many ( not most mind ) people in ireland defending the ira bombings in london and many people in britain defending the oppressive actions of the unionist state , today when we hear in the news of the orange order marches or provisional ira practically everyone in both countries just feels embarrassed for them and sorry for the regular northern irish people still stuck between those mentlers . 
  it is an interesting change , a hundred years , hell even fifty years ago you 'd have never seen many people calling themselves that , you were either irish or british , on top of which that designation was given to you at birth , you either grew up in a catholic or protestant neighborhood and your national identity was predicated from that alone . 
  nowadays we have most young people who do n't care about religion and who grew up in towns and neighborhoods where such a sectarian divide is far more blurred , especially in middle class areas , these people grow up internationalised affected by both irish and british culture , embracing the idea of a separate northern irish identity breaks away from silly ethnic divisions in exchange for a higher focus on the real problems facing society . 
  there 's been similar surveys before :  a 2008 survey found that 57 % of protestants described themselves as british , while 32 % identified as northern irish , 6 % as ulster and 4 % as irish . 
  compared to a similar survey carried out in 1998 , this shows a fall in the percentage of protestants identifying as british and ulster , and a rise in those identifying as northern irish . 
  the 2008 survey found that 61 % of catholics described themselves as irish , with 25 % identifying as northern irish , 8 % as british and 1 % as ulster . 
  these figures were largely unchanged from the 1998 results . 
  die linke is the socialist party , sdp are social democrats . 
  the liberal concept of democracy , specifically in the lockean form , seems to have a great distrust of the people as fickle , uneducated and easily manipulated and so they believe in the strong role of representatives in the democratic process and with that a division of powers preventing any one group of people having too much power . 
  the problem with this logic , especially in today 's world of universal secondary education and widespread tertiary education , is that politicians have been shown to be just as fickle , uneducated and easily manipulated as the public , more so in many ways in fact . 
  likewise the division of powers has been shown to not work well in practice with party elites generally having a firm grasp over policy making throughout all houses of government , or worse still parliaments becoming a thug of war with indecision being worse than any particular side ( as we 're seeing in the us at the moment ) . 
  thus one break away from the lockean perspective would be to empower the public rather than relying on trusting representatives who claim to know whats better for us . 
  another modern interpretation of democracy that breaks away from the liberal model would be the stalinist interpretation , though it is rarely taken seriously in the west it bears mentioning as it 's still in use in places such as china and cuba , wherein the concept is that when you have a true group of politicians who are working for the interest of the public whatever they do is democratic , elections therefore and unnessecary as are multiple parties as only the party of the people is a true democratic party any opposing parties would be undemocratic and thus should be banned from participating . 
  i personally would obviously see this as a naive and terrible manipulation of the concept of democracy . 
  yes in ireland the voting districts are divided into constituencies of approximately ideally but usually approximately even population centered around communities , there 's both local county councils with very limited powers and then mp 's ( or td 's as we call them ) who make up the bulk of decision making . 
  currently the parliament is divided into an upper and lower house but it looks like the upper house of senators is about to be abolished in favour of single house in an upcoming referendum . 
  the left deemed it as an inherently elitist and undemocratic institution for numerous reasons , for one you must be a graduate of a select amount of universities in the country to vote for one section of the senators , an equal amount are elected by a single university ( trinity college ) , these represent only 10 % of the senators with the rest chosen according to party representation in the lower house . 
  likewise the concept of an upper house is criticised as being inherantly undemocratic and elitist even if it was directly elected to , as the senators are in theory given longer terms in office so as allow them not to pander to public opinion as mps must . 
  the right ( consisting of only one of the two largest parties ) however wishes to retain the house though agreeing it needs reform . 
  many see this as centered around power interests on both sides with one of the two largest parties benefiting more from its existence than the other . 
  as a socialist i agree with the left 's consensus and will be happy to see it abolished after the vote in about a week ( all polls indicate a strong support for its abolition about 3:1 in favour ) . 
  i was more so saying that the classical liberal interpretation of democracy should not be the only one under consideration , though there still could be some things to learn from the past i agree political theory had not been adequately formulated before then . 
  even then however the concept of democracy among such thinkers can vary extremely , rousseau 's idea of the general will is very different from the lockean democracy . 
  we should have a transition where the role of politicians should be facilitators of democracy rather than enablers of democracy , a great system i 've seen to begin with used in places such as switzerland and venezuela is to allow people to collect signatures on petitions for a proposition to government , when a set number of signatures are collected the bill must be pushed to a public referendum . 
  this way for day to day decisions and matters disinteresting to most people they can rely on political parties to represent their political philosophy while they get along with their own lives meanwhile for matters which clearly are not making it through the political process the people can essentially democratically intervene and demand a change without having to resort to mass protests and/or revolutions . 
  for instance using a current examples in my country a majority of people support legalisation of mirijuana and gay marriage yet central parties most likely in fear of displeasing a minority conservative base will not make the change , this system would allow the people to collect signatures demand votes and democratically enact the change without worrying about having to trust politicians .
