what type of new things ? 
  maybe they should . 
  nope , i tried casually looking for information before but all i can find is either chinese nationalists [ who have an interesting perspective to look at ] ( http://blog.hiddenharmonies.org/2012/04/12/does-the-west-care-about-what-real-tibetans-think/ ) who claim tibetans are happy citizens of the people 's republic and then various western supporters of the dalai lama claiming the exact opposite to them which naturally gets more exposure in our media but i have n't seen firm evidence from either side though i 'm sure it is out there if you know where to look for it . 
  it is equally undeniable that the old regime was a hierarchical feudal serfdom with china improving quality of life considerably for them over the years with the area far more developed than neighboring nepal and also undeniable that china 's take over was based only on imperialist agenda with no heed of the democratic consent of the tibetans since . 
  the one sided approach we 're used to seeing here however is very worrisome to me because it could easily result in us unintentionally supporting tibetans being handed from one oppressive regime to another , perhaps worse , one . 
  proxybay is the first result that comes up when you google pirate bay now , their attempts at censorship yet again to prove hilariously in vain , its like a warner bros cartoon at this stage . 
  but note you are not only claiming that they want to be independent but also that they want the dalai lama to be `` back '' in one form or another , a figure who if had any influence in ruling an independent tibet would organize it heavily in the interests of the american government who have grand standed him for so long . 
  again i think most of us in the west need to re-evaluate our position on tibet before coming to these strong conclusions one way or the other , it is one thing to accept there is anti-chinese sentiment in tibet from seeing revolts and public suicides but at the same time we do not conclude those in the middle east who take similar action represent the majority of arabs yet we do for tibetans . 
  i admit i am no expert on tibet but i dare say none of us here are so these assumptions of who the `` good guys '' are and what the common will of the contemporary tibetans is quite worrisome when we have the two largest powers on earth trying to twist narratives to their own favour . 
   you can not deny that a large majority want him back . 
  do you have a source on that claim ? 
  i always see people taking this for granted but i have never seen any sort of poll on the matter . 
  its the dogmatism i find repugnant , he uses the sort of language i 'd expect from the us press office not a critical journalist he talks about trying to get russia to `` comply with american norms ? '', 
  and refers to it as an `` anti-status quo power '' . 
  why does america have to be mentioned in such a manner in this situation and why should the status-quo be viewed as something inherently good ( though there are worse alternatives of course ) if not for the fact this is a writer who is taking up the position not of a cosmopolitan spectator of a dangerous situation but an ardent supporter of the american imperialist hegemony becoming anxious of the first rival power making a move in over three decades . 
  the language certainly , although an incredible amount of our vocabulary is rooted in french so it was n't that dominative , culture in general though is a very complicated matter , afterall any written evidence we have from the period is from the anglo-saxon aristocracy and yet there 's no huge gap in style from my limited understanding between late saxon art and pre-saxon celtic styles , although much is to be said of influence from the works of irish monks . 
  even the legacy of the roman occupation left its mark in the lifestyle of cities and catholic faith . 
  so really in the end i do n't think any cultures won out but britain is simply a definitive product of itself . 
  no this is based on false assumptions from 19th century linguistics , [ you 're actually mostly celtic . 
  i think i 'll need more elaboration on what you believe aristocratic values are , you put them in juxtaposition to \u00e9galibert\u00e9 as a `` vulgar mass-man herd movement '' but to me this is exactly what aristocratism is with the only aspect unmentioned being the `` shepherd '' of the elite . 
  then you 'll have to explain why wikipedia cites the 2011 census listing native russian speakers at 37 % of the population : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_latvia#languages http://www.csb.gov.lv/sites/default/files/publikacijas/nr_13_2011gada_tautas_skaitisanas_rezultati_isuma_12_00_lv.pdf, 
  aye but from what i remember from the information i gathered a while back a significant amount of ethnic latvians speak russian as their first language , and the op did n't mention anything about ethnicity . 
  also worth mentioning for those unaware that first language russian speakers account for nearly 40 % of the population . 
  a problem with this is that depending on the circumstance it can cost more money to make the prisoners work than leaving it for them to volunteer . 
  could be a gender disparity , it makes no distinction between male and female prisoners so it may be a case where there is extra space for women prisoners and overcrowding for men . 
  very interesting , its not a trend i was at all aware of until the figures were put in front of me here , as a student in dublin i 'm probably not surrounded by much of the most antagonistic demographic against immigration . 
  i think in large part it went unnoticed because there 's no parties here capitalizing on such sentiments as there are in britain and other nations , ironically our `` nationalist '' party sinn fein have one of the most progressive stances towards them . 
  and norway one of the best . 
  problem though is that if these nations did n't have influence on the council the united nations would be more useless than it is now , the point of it from the beginning is to supply a venue for different tyrants to balance each other out . 
  and an overwhelming existentialist stupor . 
  obviously because those menacing muslims ruined your first place . 
  it does n't have to be because the czech republic has to be particularly great only once everywhere else in the world manages to be even worse . 
  it looks like the red hand of ulster placed on top of the blueshirts flag , who were like a quasi-fascist group that fought against the ira in the republic during the 30s . 
  another problem i find is that you ca n't divide the characters and events you read in the book with what you already seen in films/series so a good deal of the experience is already predicated by someone elses interpretation and application rather than created from your own imagination . 
  notably the northern ireland flag listed on the image is actually not for a reunification but actually for an independant ulster of both the uk and ireland , a proposal which has never garnered much support . 
  shut up britain , scotland 's our ticket to getting in . 
  or from the opposite perspective why direct democracy works a lot better in regional issues . 
   except the ukrainians . 
  exactly my point if the '' ... '' was n't fucking clear enough . 
  do you really think after hundreds of years of the west reaching its arms into every global affair possible to steer events into the favour of their profits things have suddenly changed with the ukraine , of course the west are just as imperialist as russia you have to be absolutely blind to history to doubt this . 
  but no this community has beat into each others head that the situation is simply big evil putin trying to strangle ukraine on one half and the friendly beurocrats of the west extending a nice deal for more freedoms and money for everyone on the other , as if we have not seen time and time again undercover forces from the west spinning media and spurring events to let even the most rotten fascists into power as long as they promise to keep the commodity flow running . 
  whatever , you have your narrative and i have mine , everything in between at this rate will just be useless conjecture but we 'll see whose interpretation history will vindicate , my moneys on the timeless pattern repeating . 
  its this sort of bullshit technocratic elitism that made me begin to give up on this entire retarded site , i 'll leave with this so you can continue inflating each others total confidence with your highfive points that the whole world just needs a few technicians to sort all this messy drama out . 
  hardly that would go to ignore the role of the us and eu in the conflict , they may not be as heavy handed as putin but they 're most assuredly deeply involved in this ripping up of the ukraine and not quite in a polar position as they would like us to think . 
  russia gets the east , the west gets an extremely reliant puppet from what 's left , everyone wins ... 
  at first i presumed that there was meant to be an oxford comma there i.e : `` ukrainian tv boss assaulted ** , ** and forced to resign by far-right svoboda mps '' but no he literally was assualted personally by in office politicians ... 
  its a similar answer though , they knew the jig was up and did n't want german cities to get devestated . 
  yes and maybe nato is n't worth a damn , maybe its just an outdated arm of us imperialism that does not care about the interests of periphery nations , this `` alliance '' does n't obligate anyone to do anything they 'll just run a costs-benefits on the territory being invaded and happily let it go to russia if its not worth the money and political weight a war would cost . 
  russia and the western governments are not on different teams their billionaires trade resources back and forth while mcdonalds sets up shop in moscow and oligarchs own properties in london and paris , the rich are the same club of people no matter what nation they come from today and with our nations controlled by them you can totally be assured they would sell estonia if the price of protecting it was n't worth it . 
  ah i see i mistook what you said `` this tens of thousands of people graduating in a year in marketing communication when the market needs maybe 100 ? '', 
  as meaning we need hundreds of thousands not literally 100 . 
  actually ironically the interesting thing a lot of the time is that people who do graduate with apperantly useless degrees like your example of 15th century poetry often have more job prospects than others with actual business directed degrees like communications or multimedia because employers come to find them to be creative and intelligent employees which in turn gives more weight to the degrees . 
  you could say the same about the us , old lbj given a twitter account would n't be pretty . 
  exactly , my father knows his way around computers fine and has access to them but i 'd imagine its not unusual for him to not use the internet in a week . 
  you 'd be cutting off parts of silicy and greece if you did n't display it . 
  even with the police its tipping over the edge , all it would take is one idiot with a molotov . 
  thats yet to be seen one way or the other , it may very well be the case that any interesting developments in crimea at the very least have come to a close for the immediate future , thats certainly where i 'd place a humble penny 's bet . 
  indeed i 've said this before and its that the eu is still stuck in a cold war mindset where there was a clear interest divide between the west and the soviet states , the world we live in today is one in which russian billionaires own appartments in paris , bank accounts in london and will be shipping goods to new york from their new crimean ports . 
  they may act like they 're against each other but its really the interior squabbles of the same club and one we can no longer rely on . 
  in fairness they are actually trying to broker an agreement from the spanish government in the mean time , no matter how much rajoy claims its off the table . 
  its basically just a symbolic gesture so no one can claim that they did nothing , give it a month or two and crimea will just be another red dotted line on the map of `` contested areas '' that are n't all that contested , a few years and it 'll be as if it was never part of ukraine . 
  all we can really hope is that this was the end of russia 's appetite , at least for the immediate future . 
  he 's a war criminal but he 's also one of the most cunning international relation minds of the 20th century . 
  i doubt they will get an official eu membership any time soon , but there 's certainly a huge grey area of co-operation they will be able to enter . 
  passive-aggressive ; russia is aggressive , everyone else is passive ... 
  it really shows that they 're planning on being here to stay . 
  what does that make us ? 
  the holiday home ? 
  your grannys gaf ? 
  and considering the population difference between the uk and ireland its actually a much higher proportion here . 
  is this not just from emmigration of unemployed youth ? 
  absolutely i do n't mean to imply otherwise , only that we clearly ca n't rely on vietnam or any such nation to look out for own defence with the un being a pretty untenable institution in this era for our purposes . 
  i 'm not trying to claim we are living in some post-historic situation where the forces that drove us agianst each other no longer exist , on the contrary what i 'm saying is that we have to come to grips with what forces have been dividing us in the past and understand that it is wide co-operation not dancing around empires that will only lead to further suffering in the future . 
  absolutely the aristocrats still exist today , they 're the very and only reason the us is moving in to defend the east so they 're profit making can continue and you can not trust them to look out for your wellbeing indefinately . 
  a joint defence changes this relationship of power because it means countries ( or at least the elites running them ) who do not have the highest stake in defending you can turn around and leave you to the oppressors devices while selling them warships and armaments , it changes things because it demands that the defence of one nation is the defence of every nation . 
  and why should this be the case ? 
  why should we feel so divided from one another when our communities are so intertwined in a network of culture and commerce dating back to the first time we stepped into this cold land ? 
  i ca n't speak for germany and poland but for all our history of conflict and subjugation by the british we still forged history together , we contributed and gained from each other in all our developments , from england we were given shakespeare to england we gave joyce , berkeley for hume , boyle for newton . 
  this is where the brotherhood of europe comes from its from us on the ground , we have at the same time a history of conflict but where did that arrise from ? 
  in our more civilized era a town east of the rhine did not decide one day to march on a town to the west , no it has always been directed from above , even in ireland while we starved while our produce was being shipped to england who benefitted from this ? 
  not us thats for fucking certain but at the same time neither did our english brothers , no , it was simply the land-owners , the bankers and the aristocrats of all sorts who had them toiling in factories while we starved in fields , at the same time it was n't the german people who benefitted from invading your lands and its not the russian people who are benefitting from invading crimea . 
  this is why a joint defence force is necessary , one tasked with upholding the wellbeing of each and every threat to our members with * no exception * , because as is the leaders in the west who fear losing out on a bit of business with the russian oligarchs will happily sit back let our eastern preiphery burn while putin plays tsar if he offers a higher price in return . 
  this should be the motto of our defence , not `` whats your first offer ? '', 
  i agree absolutely , we 're no longer living in the post-ww2 period where our cities were still rebuilding , our continent divided and we stood in the shadow between two superpowers we could never hope of holding off , europe has the capability of holding its own today but currently the largest nations rather look after their own individual interests while the periphery nations are left floating on their own , a true joint commitment of defence is paramount to the stability of our future . 
  as is the likes of london has more financial interest in co-operating with the likes of moscows than warsaws and i fear that will be the only factor that will be taking account of by the cretins that run our governments . 
  i 'm talking about a force shared between the 500 million people that compromise our union whose goal is to protect the welfare of our own , the us is not acting here out of some benevolence or care for poland or her neighbors , its only interest is in its trade and holdings and will sell you out as soon as a better deal comes along , is this really the best we can hope for ? 
  oh here comes the cat to protect the mice from the owl ... europe should be protecting europe , not relying on one empire to protect us from another . 
  at which point russia comes in to `` relieve '' them of their cruel western masters . 
  oh i hate this bloody attitude of accusing others of `` pessimism '' like we 're somehow obliged to look on the bright side of international politics of all things , he simply gave his analysis of what is the reality of the situation in ukraine asking him to veer from that analysis because its too sad absolutely would not help one bit . 
  if you are in intentional possession of the material it is for all practically necessarily so that either you got it from some sort of market or produced it yourself , demanding that we supply proof of acquisition s needlessly protecting those who take part in the practice . 
  must be a massacre in japan . 
  there 's a reason they get so much funding and its not because they do n't work . 
  oh well if he says so it must be true . 
  besides the jews are not a very important group in the ukraine they represent only around 0.1 % of the population i see little reason to focus on them . 
  this is just going to be getting into a very subjective disagreement on what constitutes a fascist which is pretty unimportant to my point , if you really must just replace fascists with militant authoritarians and the same conclusion is clear . 
  what you jump to this conclusion because i say `` as has been the praxis in most sociological study since marx '' ? 
  please i do n't think you know this but marx is credited as one of the fathers of sociological study for exactly this reason , he was the first major thinkers to apply a materialist based approach to social relations and for that he remains a highly influential social sciences today . 
  i find it amusing to see this rhetoric coming from a / r/theredpill poster and this simply goes back to my original point that this is an ideological based issued . 
  i disagree , while he was a clearly very far from hitler alright he was very much in the tradition of fascism established by franco and mussolini . 
  yeah i can understand that but we ca n't forget brussels and washington are just as much attempting to establish a narrative here as moscow and both have the potential to manipulate events against the ukrainian people .
