  i would n't be so sure , everyone seems to talk about scotland as if independence is a certainty but every single poll conducted thus far indicate the scottish public are against breaking off , now that 's not to say the union is a certainty either ( polls and votes constantly differ ) but there is n't much indication that the uk will be balkanizing , spain is the far more likely contender in this area . 
  actually i find people upvote because they think he 's right on the basis he was upvoted . 
  it depends what we mean by spirituality , what i have in mind by the term is belief in non-observable forces and entities but i can see that it is often also extended to philosophies that try to come to grips with existential issues but i did n't have such a meaning in mind . 
  buddhism for instance can be approached from an entirely materialistic perspective according to certain schools . 
  i 've heard that around young people in ireland a lot , `` i do n't hate spirituality but i hate * organized religion * '' , as if there 'd be any living concept of spirituality if not for thousands of years of enforced organized religion ... 
  still though addressing congress was just really customary , with britain looking very turbulent on the eu question a speech in parliament and communicating to the british people is rather more important than a talk in the us which was really going to be viewed by more germans than americans anyway . 
  the thing about religious data on ireland is they forget to account for the fact people identify as protestant or catholic as a matter of cultural background without necessarily actually attending church , as the old northern ireland joke goes `` are you a catholic atheist or a protestant atheist ? '' . 
  it is also likely combined with old data , ireland has been one of the faster growing atheist nations on earth in the last decade or so . 
  you have n't asked any quebecois then . 
  that 's still a hell of a long shot away from a `` virtual dictator '' though especially given by all indications he was to stand for another election . 
  i 'm not defending the guy but i 'm disturbed by how quickly everyone here is simply accepting the standard narrative suddenly placed on him in the press . 
  invading the palaces of toppled regimes is one of the finest and oldest human traditions , i loved seeing back in 2003 the footage of the people in baghdad running through the streets with priceless furniture looted from saddam husein 's estate . 
  i think the issue currently is that everyone just loves elizabeth ii personally , when it comes to charles and william however having to bear the look of their smug grins staring at you everytime you so much as want a chipper wont make for such an appealing institution . 
  specifically in what ways ? 
  also the royals did n't exactly `` win '' either , the power of the monarchy post-cromwell was never restored with the rulership of britain and later uk then resting with the bureaucratic parliament with the monarchy really just being as symbolic as it is today . 
   also , congrats ukraine , it seems you 're heading the right way !!, 
  this is incredibly idealistic , its not as if ukraine was not already a democratic nation the president was going to be in an election sooner or later and i doubt an early election will resolve the conflict if not just exacerbate it when various factions find the public do not support their party as much as they 'd like . 
  why are academic historians concerning themselves with `` who is to blame '' to begin with ? 
  sounds like an extremely silly way for intellectuals to approach history . 
  cinema of all artforms however is especially good at breaking cultural barriers , but you are right and it is an interesting question , we 've seen bollywood which while produces in a style westerners find a bit strange if not kitsch has done very well in non-indian markets around their nation and the same for china , so we may see rising `` spheres of influence '' in the movie market which will become more and more important as urbanization and wealth increases outside of traditional hollywood markets . 
  this itself will have a cataclysmic impact on world culture in general as we 've seen from hollywood 's impact on the rest of the world in the 20th century the effects of a far more decentralized global movie industry can not understated . 
  whats interesting then is the question of whether hollywood will retain its place as the world 's with places like china and india expanding their movie industries dramatically over recent years its entirely possible its place as the untouchable global capital of cinema may be questioned as the century progresses . 
  not that i see it being replaced any time soon by any means but as budgets increase elsewhere the sort of dominance they hold now will dwindle . 
  flowers of war released two years ago for example was the first chinese movie to reach a budget of near 100 $ million . 
  ah , i can see how it is a gay joke but i ca n't see how i was meant to know ... 
  my favourite which is n't restricted to the us is that anyone who simply gives up looking for a job altogether is no longer counted as unemployed , so you can actually make things look like they 're improving while they are infact getting worse than ever . 
  thats not really fair , there 's a lot of great artistic films in the us too , its just that with the international movie industry focused in hollywood we see the stupid money grubbing crap that does n't really exist here , whereas what exists here are just the more artistic works since a great deal of it is funded by public institutes . 
  so while on average european films tend to better from a literary point of view its not because the us does n't produce great works in this area but because they 're overshadowed by what is really a globalized capitalist driven industry . 
  since after all for every forgettable blockbuster you have an annie hall or a taxi driver . 
  [ sort of ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-turkish_war_%281877%e2%80%9378%29 ), 
  well it kind of did n't take care of it , we 're still here fucking up environments after all . 
  its private now . 
  and so history trundles on ... 
  some empires are worse than others absolutely , far better it would to be under the us than the likes of the japanese , but it does n't change the fact the us is very much still an empire today which is why they have accounted for about 10 % shy of half of the world 's military spending for the last few decades and this requires responding to their involvement in situations like the ukraine like they are an empire and not a `` spreader of democracy '' as the one of the most untrue myths in history somehow lingers on . 
  though their comfortable spot is quickly changing with [ others like china catching up at astounding rates ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/china_military_budget_2012.png ), 
  a few of them perhaps , no one mourns for trujillo , but two thirds ? 
  certainly not by any stretch of the term justified . 
  we could go into an argument on each case but i 've neither the time or patience , in either case if a force * only * overthrows democratic leaders to protect private capitalists interests * some * of the time thats still one third too many . 
  there 's a very thin line between `` minor sponsorship '' and bankrolling selected factions , i 'm not trying to indite the entire protest movement and certainly not to may russia 's role seem any better but i would be far more wary of any us involvement here because the welfare of ukraine will always come second to their other motives . 
  you assume it would n't have happened naturally anyway , as does happen to most any nation over decades , in fact there 's just as much room to argue it may have prolonged the process . 
   i like that they included an extra map of iceland , just to show that its grey . 
  its probably just because this is a template . 
  not to any considerable degree , and again this was after many years of being placed under such sanctions so whether they had any considerable affect in what little signs of co-operation they 've given is questionable . 
  to then expect any real change to be brought on a far more wealthy regime like the ukraine backed by its neighbor russia in a matter of less than a month seems completely deluded to me . 
  you should really read the history of us involvement in situations like this if you think they are n't actively involved , of course they are n't as open as russia but thats simply how they 've always operated . 
  has this ever really worked ? 
  iran has about as much soft power placed on them as you can get for years now and they have n't shirked one bit to the west . 
  maybe the reason they did n't use soft power was because its totally ineffective in coercing states , especially in the short term . 
  my positing of it losing transactional function is based simply on the mechanisms of currency exchange in the context of wildly fluctuating and unpredictable value not through any empirical observations of this particular case which i have not taken the time to consider though i should doubt they veer far from my deductions . 
  the importance of the use value of gold in stabalizing the market is not that all or even most gold should be utilized but simply that its value as an investment will always be guaranteed to some extent regardless of how speculation may manifest values , that is gold will never be worth nothing at all , it can never crash below this value like a fiat currency or stock could only through changes in the material market itself which are far rarer and predictable than the whims of speculative psychology . 
  the difference is golds value as a commodity increased over time while backed with its actual utility use as a material for jewelery and later electronics whereas bitcoin has no material function , rather its function is as a transactional element which would not be a problem if it had any stable value but due to the speculative investment around it holders are motivated to retain their ownership of them in the hopes of further rise in value until the stage where they are declining in which case merchants are motivated against accepting them knowing they will be worth less than the item sold soon after trading it . 
  for as much as gold continually rised in value it did so for most of history at a fairly steady and predictable rate , the same is not true of bitcoin and soon when it loses any functional as a transactional tool which arguably has already occured there will be a sudden drop as people attempt to swarm out of the market with no one willing to exchange them for material wealth . 
  when did i ever imply i * wanted * it to fail ? 
  this is the problem i face with bitcoin supporters there seems to be some sort of `` with us or against us '' attitude that is common with fanatic groups , i become a `` hater '' if i criticize the object of affection . 
  i do think there is much to be gained in the development of digital currencies but the fact is bitcoin in its current implementation is simply not sustainable at the value it currently holds , this is n't about me wishing for it to fail and coming up with arguments from there this is about the fundementals of how commodity bubbles function and concern for those who will likely lose nearly everything they invest at its current value . 
  yes but unlike most fiat currencies which are managed by central authorities who can use monetary methods to maintain a stable value bitcoin is left uncontrolled to constantly deflate at extreme rates as new adopters arrive based almost entirely on speculative demand and not through its actual functional use as a currency which is still severely limited by its very state of being a speculative commodity . 
  so what happens then when you have something that is both a commodity with no utility use and a currency with no transactional circulation that has increased by 650 % in half a year ? 
  a god damn hindenburg that 's what you have , mark my words anyone who invests now will be very sorry very soon . 
  you say that as if she was n't prepared to be arrested , in fact i 'd wager she was hoping to be , after all a headline like this does more to raise attention to the cause than a simple sign ever would . 
  except i will lose more than 20 % as bitcoin continues to steadily and suddenly decline in value as people lose faith in the bubble . 
  without wanting to insult the intelligence of ye 's through implication everyone please ignore these fools , bitcoin is essentially nothing more than a giant pyamid scheme ; the more people buy in the more the bubble increases and the more earlier adopters like these most honourable fellows proclaiming it as the second coming at every turn benefit , which is why they constantly and rabidly try to spread it around like a cult . 
  for your financial security i repeat please ignore these fools , i 've seen too many people on this site already lose fortunes on this sad little game . 
  on the other side of the coin however mad we may get at the plastic paddies for little matters like that its important to note we intensely embrace the achievements of those in the diaspora as our own , from jfk to f. scott fitzgerald we proudly see them as products of our people . 
  similar to jews i think we view being irish as being part of a people rather than simply part of a national entity . 
  if his point was to propagandize for israel on a european forum i doubt he 'd use an american flair ... 
  then you do n't understand how xenophobes operate , ideology always trumps rationality . 
  first they 'll say :  `` oh look the brutish animalistic foreign scum are better athletes than us decadent whites big surprise , this just proves how lazy and liberal we 're letting ourselves become '' or they 'll go the other direction , perhaps at the same time ;  `` not to mention the reverse racism that has been set up makes it so much easier for foreigners to make it to the top , no wonder there 's barely any whites on the team its precisely because those fucking leftists using our own team as propaganda to try fool us into thinking they 're worth something . '', 
  hatred like this has nothing to do with the real facts , there 's no research thorough enough , no theories solid enough and no ideas compelling enough that you can convince them , the way they operate is to create their own facts and dismiss the rest . 
  i do n't think that 's entirely true , certain places seem to have worse problems than others , i mean ireland is no utopia but i 've never heard of anything close to what the above guy says happen here and we 've an even more considerable immigrant community . 
  seems like `` persons you can meet '' is a better metric though , you might be able to go to 3 other countries that japanese people ca n't but they can meet over a billion more people with theirs . 
  ha britain has been one of the market friendliest nations in history , they were the first on earth to actually articulate the very concept within government policy , if anywhere on earth would have proven your theory it would have been them . 
  and again you totally miss the point about the difference between legitimacy and ad-polulism , ad-populism is a logical principle that states an argument is n't better or worse depending on how many people agree with it . 
  democratic legitimacy is a pragmatic approach to power relations , it is n't anything to do with whether the decisions made are any more right or wrong its about establishing the fairest way of making decisions that have to be made , with no objective way of determining who should making decisions the only fair way to do so is in numbers because in that fashion the least amount of people possible are being subjected to the will of others , yes 49 % may still be subjected to the decisions of 51 % but that 's still better absolutely better than 99 % being subjected to the will of 1 % if the goal is the reduce such subjection . 
  and like always it ends up with the typical libertarian dissection approach to argument , cut up the person 's otherwise coherent paragraphed content and find the targets to throw in little recited arguments , i 'll make this quick : - no its not ad-populism you just missed the entire point , its not about the decisions being `` right '' its about them being more legitimate compared to elite rule . 
  - polycentric law is a joke , you can not have effective law without a central authority otherwise people will buy the judges that take their side . 
  - your `` three generation '' concept is completely laughable , there 's billionaires in britain today who 's family fortunes can be dated back to the battle of hastings , old money has always existed for good reason , when you can pay the best in society a relatively small fee to manage your fortune for you , you do n't have to worry about being a talentless urchin , in fact its probably in your favour to let the experts do it for you . 
  - i do n't give a shite if you 're poor or bill fecking gates , if you stand in the way of the force of progress you 're liable to repelled out of the way . 
  i never said any democratic decision is justified i said that when a decision is to be made that affects a plurality of people then democracy is the fairest and most legitimate way for such a decision to be made , anything less is a minority imposing their decision on others . 
  the decision may or may not be justified past that point but the same can be said for any mode of decision making . 
  you say workers have a choice but this is a lie , all we have is one capitalist firm or another and both are owned by the same people , you claim these people worked hard to be control of these firms but i 'm sorry to tell you its not physically possible to work hard enough to be in a position of wealth and power thousands upon thousands of times more than the average person , there 's simply not enough hours in a persons life and not enough strength and intelligence in the most talented people who have ever lived to justify this disparity in rewards . 
  the rich get richer and the poor get poorer , that 's all it is and that 's all it ever will be , if i have the wealth to hire thousands of people to tell me where to invest , to manage my firms for me , to do all the work in my production for me then how could any of these people or any `` individual '' , as you laughably cling to , possibly hope to catch up with my wealth ? 
  impossible , strictly so and utterly so and hence why the wealth gap clambers on further up upon our heads . 
  so yes i will support the next revolution which is coming i assure you of that , and if you and your piggish ilk stand against it i will absolutely support the due punishment you will wrought onto yourself for opposing progress and the world will be better for it , like a slaver being chased away with his own whip it will be absolutely justified . 
  yes and i do n't think there 's anything wrong with controlling markets through government force , markets contrary to your ideologies dogma do n't always create good in society , often left to their own devices many horrible things occur people suffer and goods and services remain unprovided or terribly inefficiently provided , and this is before we even entertain the thought of your fantasy of a market on force . 
  despite all you said above you totally miss is that the importance of democracy is , its not about creating the best possible decisions its about ensuring that all decisions are legitimate and accountable when they are imposed on others , and when you have businesses today employing millions with zero avenues of input in the decisions that affect their lives deeply this is simply unacceptable that a handful of people lay claim to the power over their entire communities and livelihoods . 
  because these decisions have to be made , they do n't just spring out the market like a little pixie on the shoulder of every ceo they 're made by actual humans . 
  you claim that the people in charge of businesses should be whoever was lucky enough to win lifes game of musical chairs to end up with the magic ticket which decrees them to be a dominant share holder , with all the power to do what they like no matter who they are with all the facilitites , land , and work forces that our dear father the market granted them . 
  or i claim that instead we let the people who actual work in the firms take charge of them , because these people are guaranteed to care if their job exists in five years time , who do n't simultaneously own their competitors firms , who are actually involved in how the things they create are made . 
  but no i 'm sure these inbred scum who hire someone else to choose which firms they should invest in with the money from their great-great-grandfather 's slave plantation are the better class of people to be in charge of our societies production than those who are actually at all involved in the processes . 
  i 'm sure left to their own devicies to horde all they want and horde as they do , as they slowly come to own every patch of dirt on this planet in an ever shrinking pool of hands we 'll have a free society , i 'm sure the state will not exist as these people come to control all around us , but no you 're being punched square in the nose and you blame the glove and celebrate the fist . 
  the problem is this `` democratic '' aspect of capitalism you talk about does n't work out in the fact that it is not at all one person one vote rather some people get a great many votes and some people get practically none , and while the markets may be free in some semblance in the beginning as inequalities develop the people at the top use their superior resources to ensure the market is no longer free . 
  why ? 
  because doing so is clearly extremely profitable , the very market forces you celebrate and the very forces that undo the very existence of markets themselves . 
  so while yes people can set up democratic firms in todays system their attempts are always undermined by the superior resources of the already existing capitalist firms , they will be bought out , pushed aside and undercut by economies of scale far outside their capacity . 
  i can not for instance simply buy oil from a firm i can trust because all of the oil industry is controlled by a short list of oligarchs who work in great unison while pretending there is some sort of competition or market underneight . 
  because large capitalists do n't work in markets they work in networks , the people who own bp own shell and the people who own shell own exxon , they all have the same interest in supporting each other and keeping anyone else out , they all share the exact same interests because this is how class relations operate , its just a big web with a spider in the middle and that spider is capitalism in its raw and ugly form sucking the blood of us who support it and sewing a veil so many like you lose sight of what really lies beneath this so called `` market '' . 
  a free society can only be one that is free of class relations , where all men and women stand to share the same ability to benefit and control how the decisions in our society are made , both political * and economic * a the two are always inseparable , and this is only possible by completely changing the mode of production . 
  so no i do n't favour a system in which both can `` coexist '' because such a system would forever be a lie when one is completely poison to the other and poison again to the rest of society . 
  well then if you really did know what marx advocated you would n't be talking about controlling the economy and social democrats , you seem to think its some sort of extreme liberalism which is extremely far from the case .
