  no its about the fact an increasingly educated third world began to see they did n't need to be ruled and exploited by a little island hundreds of miles away , and without the spoils of oppression from places like india and africa you offered nothing special to the richer nations like australia and canada to stay in any sort of bond with you over the far more lucrative trading partners local to them . 
  there 's `` no will to power '' or any other idealistic bollox to do with it , britain and the other european empires were in tatters after ww2 and could n't possibly hold on to these properties and so they were all pushed aside as the us and ussr took central stage in global politics , the eu was constructed in large part as a way of each nation not being pushed around by these super-powers . 
  do you really have to vivisect his entire comment ? 
  this is not how you constructively converse respond with a coherent paragraph do n't just take pot shots at every three words . 
   and i know the republican separatist bs about how the uk abandoned australia and nz in the second world war and dont buy into it at all . 
  but i believe labour and the left in those countries have manipulated it and sold that view to the people . 
  this is beautiful , your fossilized pain is very enjoyable , you really ca n't comprehend britain is just another arbitrary european state for the last half century . 
  i 'm not enough of an expert to recommend a serious text but this is a good start : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_ireland_civil_rights_association, 
  this is why ireland does n't need to invest in a military . 
  danes are hot and cold , they 're a bit weird like that . 
  my apologies if i seemed to be assuming ignorance , as i was n't directing my comment at you specifically . 
  there was more to the conflict than simply the question of the statehood , northern ireland for most of the 20th century was essentially an apartheid state . 
  the voting constituencies were gerrymandered in such a way to repress as much of the catholic vote as possible , employers and institutions were free to discriminate and thereby repress the catholic populations and a single protestant person had more of a chance of receiving a nice council home than a catholic family of five . 
  though you may not have agreed with the iras tactics the situation was far more complicated than simply what flag flew over belfast . 
  you may as well go the whole hog and rename the nation le sweden . 
  teaming up with scotsland as the irish-welsh kingdom to beat the divided english kingdoms was too satisfying for me ... ^ ^ ^ ^ especially ^ ^ ^ ^ when ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ turned ^ ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ ^ those ^ ^ ^ ^ scottish ^ ^ ^ ^ fools , ^ ^ ^ ^ irlande ^ ^ ^ ^ stronk !, 
  i do n't think that 's really true , i 'd refer the uk a lot i.e. 
  the elections are on in the uk soon , the health care in the uk is facing cuts etc. 
  the discrepancy is i would n't say `` he comes from the uk/britain '' but rather would always specify the nation . 
  they tend not to make that clear in their campaign to say the least . 
  and i doubt the right-wing vocal minority who oppose the eu because its a liberal pathway to `` promoting homosexuality '' represent most of the people of ukraine either . 
  i was the same thing in the trayvon martin case , i seen someone aptly describe it as ; `` one scared guy started following another scared guy so the scared guy attacked the other scared guy and so he shot him because he was scared '' stuff like this happens every single day but because the stars aligned in such a way a narrative was built up around it as being a battle between otherwise important political concepts , i blame the fact we now live in a culture where real debate of these issues is totally cut off to average people that we have to mediate it through sensationalist stories . 
  why has such a big deal been made about this case ? 
  because she 's young and attractive ? 
  nothing but sensationalist tripe , there 's thousands of murder trials going on everyday nobody gives a shit about . 
  i 've noticed people mostly post this gif when they totally agree with the side reddit is against but do n't want to be downvoted for it . 
  it 's going to bite them in the arse as the market moves further and further online though , i do n't believe a paywall newspaper is going to be economically feasible , at least at the prices they currently set . 
  sounds like a good time to invade norway . 
  outbid in regards to the ukrainian government not necessarily it 's people . 
  actually in ireland at least the polish immigrants are characterized as great workers , if anything what the schtick they get from here is the idea they 're simply taking our jobs and sending money home . 
  whether they 're true or not there definitely is a difference in how groups of immigrants are stereotyped . 
  no one reads an article entitled : `` breaking news on france 's future : leading team of scientists in paris predict modest growth over coming decades with slight drop in still positive birth rates ! '', 
  that said it does appear france is facing legitimate problems so we should n't underestimate the issue as much as some overestimate it . 
  he was saying that economic factors are one of the most defining forces in determining birth rates , such factors are the reason why birth rates are so high among the groups you mentioned , only the trends are different in regards to wealth in each case because the material basis of their contexts are radically different so the rules are not universal . 
  and let them say what they want , syriza is pretty much set to rule come the next election to show what a real government of the people can look like in europe . 
  relax man , i 'm criticizing this destruction of monuments not defending it . 
  i do n't know if you were addressing me personally but i was well aware his regime extended into the 70s . 
  you 're never going to be rid of a troubled past by trying to exterminate any evidence of it , all you 're going to do is cultivate a culture which reinforces it . 
  i know i thought we were more environmental than you lot , putting the `` emerald '' isle to shame , wonder what the uk has been doing differently that worked out so well , more wind farms and more carbon taxes ? 
  you could say that about a lot of things , at least on reddit you do learn and connect with many different people and ideas , i mean look what we 're doing now a pan-european forum discussing austrian domestic politics , this would unfathomable a hundred years ago . 
  its all about moderation . 
  same , i 'm sure i 've even used the term in the past . 
  for people who are anaware ireland was almost given home-rule ( a sovereign parliament while still remaining as technically part of the uk ) twice shortly before ww1 , but each time the house of lords veto 'd the act , it was at that point a new law was passed that decided the house of lords could only veto an act twice but before the third act was proposed ww1 began and so it was delayed and we had enough waiting . 
   parties do n't exist for their own sake . 
  they exist to improve the lives of people , in whatever small or large way . 
  do you really believe this ? 
  i do n't doubt there are many in every party who just wants to help their country but always happens is that the ruthless individuals who do n't care about sacrificing their ideals make it to the top and they stay there , after a while a party is essentially a small group of power hungry machiavellians vying for the highest position possible while assuring their party polls ahead of others . 
  in a situation like this helping people simply becomes a means to an ends not an ends in of itself . 
  the term liberal used to mean a political philosophy based around protecting the freedom of individuals opposed to the authority of the state , in regards to politicians today it basically just means those who have the decency to apply lube before fucking us up the arse . 
  it 's extremely interesting reading about the relationship between power and language , manuel delanda gives a great lecture about it here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aahaxe3bre0, 
  keep pushing brother . 
  there really are , i 've seen people on here trying to argue that even though he did manipulate the last election he would have won anyway ... 
  he needs to uphold a false veneer of democracy while essentially functioning as a dictator , the more time passes the more pressure he needs to exert to retain this flimsy image . 
  or that if you read how they came their conclusion their definition of what constitutes a fundamentalist is a bit flimsy :  two thirds of the muslims in western europe say that religious rules are more important to them than the laws of the country i 'm sure the same can be said about a huge proportion of christians that you would never describe as fundamentalists , that is to say it does n't mean every one of them want to impose sharia law . 
  indeed ireland 's voting system is quite better than the first past the post they have in the us and britain , it functions in which you can list any or all candidates listed by preference by number ( first preference `` 1 '' , second preference `` 2 '' and so on ) . 
  then when the first candidate exceeds the set quota in a constituency i.e. 
  10,000 , then all votes over that number are marked as surplus votes and go to the candidate set as 2 on their preference list until that candidate is elected at which point it would go to 3 , then when this is done the weakest candidate is eliminated and the second preferences of that candidates votes and transferred , this continues until all the seats are filled . 
  the result however is not too different from britain in which we have two major parties i 've mentioned above and a secondary third party labour who usually forms coalitions with fine gael , and despite it 's name is not very far from center like the other two , then we have the small parties sinn fein , the socialists and the greens who usually have a small amount of seats . 
  ireland is quite unique in politics though as we essentially have no opposition party in the sense of a left-right split , rather there are simply two major parties who are pretty much identical in policy to each other who take turns in opposition , the only reason they are n't the same party is because of a strange civil war about 80 years ago that has absolutely no implications on the present . 
  as a result nothing ever really progresses , fianna fail does x , fine gael criticizes them for x , they are elected on the basis of x , then they get into office and do x , then fianna fail criticizes them for x repeat ad nauseam . 
  the entire system has essentially just eroded into an easy career path for incompetent gobshites who treat their jobs not as political visionaries but simply technicians who just try to keep everything running smoothly , they 're very opposition to each other is exactly that which prevents other political forces from rising . 
  the real sad thing though is that this seems like the inevitable future of parliamentary democracy else where . 
  it 's a very worrying situation , this is where the ground is laid for fascism , when the forceful apparatus of the state abandons their authority they often find a new one . 
  they tried to push this when i was in school , they had a new word each week for immigrants when the last one was suddenly deemed derogatory out of nowhere , i do n't think they ever even bother talking to immigrants when they come up with this shit . 
  so basically one of our run of the mill politician . 
  that would be nice if it were not for the fact that the major countries within the eu are wanting to be going the exact opposite direction . 
  damn why do you have to ruin such a happy moment for me to watch with your depressing reality behind it . 
  it 's interesting to see the different approaches made in different uprisings , in turkey the authorities opted for an approach in which they simply drowned the city in tear gas yet in the ukraine the police are using sort of roman army tactics of these shield walls . 
  perhaps its to do with the weather . 
  thats not very comparable given it does n't show their strength . 
  there 's a lot of shit we all should have thought of over the last few decades . 
  indeed , unfortunately or maybe thankfully the only side set to really gain from violence are the authorities themselves , and they will use every means available to them to make this the case , the protesters need to understand this if they are to succeed . 
  i think this is an excellent sign that the authorities are increasingly trying to take measures against protests , it shows how sincerely worried they are of us that they have tear down their own illusion of the permissive society . 
  yes if you include famine and accept the absurd exaggerated numbers , which can hardly be claimed to be the same category as what happened under fascism , far more millions every year die from easily curable diseases and starvation under capitalism would you not claim that it is the most deadly economic system by the same logic ? 
  i do n't defend the soviet union by any means but the boogieman that has been made out of it is ridiculous . 
  yeah but the us usually quickly killed them so they did n't count . 
  cultural hegemony of israel ? 
  just admit you mean jews instead of skirting around national lines . 
  absolutely this , and the ability to call individual representatives for re-election for when they fail to live up to their campaign promises . 
  most mps simply vote as their party tells them to , often with dire repercussions if they do n't . 
  the issue is not that they are thinking of single individuals in their decisions but they are thinking of a class of people who own the big businesses , who own all the big media , who often funds their campaigns . 
  the beauty of it all is that there is no central conspiracy necessary , the parties know that if they make decisions that annoy the share holding class their media will show them in a bad light , their companies will decide not to do deals in their areas , their political opponents will receive more funding and assistance than they will . 
  the result then is that those who play into their favour will find it far easier to climb the political ladder and those who do n't have a lot more to deal with . 
  no to leftists being for the people means the institution represents in it 's decisions all who compose it equally , the reason the article calls for the eu to not be a tool of businesses is because this is not the case . 
  also to leftists giving unlivable salaries , privatizing vital utilities , and a system of control based on absentee capital rather than through the people who actually compose the business is bullshit to be called out . 
  what you say here just comes across as liberal pretentiousness feeling you have the authority to dictate the political discourse should be limited into a spectrum * you * find permissible , i disagree that these things should be viewed as absolute truths . 
  being that businesses are composed of people any true democracy of the people would naturally include businesses , the issue is that since businesses ( and a small portion of them at that ) are being ahead of people in many decisions it is fundamentally undemocratic . 
  [ just a little adjustment would be nice . 
  sorry san marino you 're a lovely city but i do n't think it really warrants a place on here . 
  and do you not see there is a big difference between breaking a statue in protest and having it as a regular event ? 
  lenin was not a figure i would not support in many areas but to advocate exposing such unquestioning hatred of him regularly is not breaking down the mysticism of symbols , all you 're doing is playing on that mysticism yourself . 
  the act of tearing down a precious symbol is itself presenting a symbolic act , you 're expounding the very rot you speaking of wanting to be rid of . 
  and i call both mindless and borderline totalitarian , to tear down a statue in a protest is one thing , something i would completely support . 
  to advocate doing it on a regular cultural basis is an obscenity . 
  we could even arrange big bonfires and burn books we do n't like . 
  it is still effectively a prohibition on the industry even if its only directed at a certain section , its what moves it into a black market service which is the issue . 
  is the father crying ? 
  i 've seen the popular feminist psycho-analytic argument which says the women in the prostitution industry are being `` alienated from their very bodies , reduced to selling their very subject as a commodity '' . 
  i say welcome to capitalism , sex workers are n't alone here , they move into the industry because they have no better choice , to me this is still placing a moral imperative ahead of the real existence of the women . 
  it shows that these people do n't really care about the women in these laws , it 's all just about imposing their own moral categories .
