  to be denied to take such vows is to be denied that society considers their relationship to be legitimate , that their feelings for one another are not something that others should celebrate the same way your marriage would be . 
  and why ? 
  because they happen to both be men or women ? 
  why leave the rule there ? 
  why not have the same restrictions if they happen to be from different social classes , if one happens to be a jew and the other a christian , if one happens to be black and the other white . 
  these restrictions have just as much reasons to be forced as when you ask to force them on the basis of gender and they have been imposed in the past by small sad little men who so bereaved by their pathetic inadequacies of powerlessness to find content in their own lot begin to try flaunt an ape-like beat of chest by imposing bullshit rules on whoever is so unlucky to be by pure chance born at a more socially vulnerable position in society than the putrid hole those the discontent scum dug themselves into . 
  well i and any other person who can proudly be certain there is a virtue in protecting the most fair and beautiful rights of those in a position unrightfully weaker than yours against the forever ungraceful horde who would seek them unwarranted harm . 
  ask of yourself is their request to be treated with the same degree of respect you have received on birth through no commendable action other the fact you find appealing a set of genitalia that is unsymmetrical to your own ? 
  this is justice to you ? 
  this is right ? 
  that these people must face the dense opposition of a thick wall of jeering snarling jackals who would have them restrained from the person they love ? 
  if you wish to peacefully protest against that then by all means go ahead you have every right and i would be happy to die to support that right despite your presumptuous accusations of hypocrisy on my part , march just like the million people in paris marched so admonished at the sight of time moving forward , i will only ask for you to look at yourself and your motivations for doing so , that you firmly believe that there is nothing else you believe worth expending that section of your limited time and energy on this planet to removing the rights of others that do so little harm to you while the world is filled enough by so many suffering from a plethora of other more basic rights forcefully removed from them and so many real corrupt injustices truly doing harm to you . 
  simply ask yourself that simple question . 
  look at your reflection in a mirror , the image of the person you choose to be , and ask yourself if you truly believe you are doing the right thing , that this will leave the world in a happier state than when you left , that any person deserves the shame and degradation you choose to inflict on them through no ill will by them ever directed at you . 
  if in honesty you still answer yes then you are no man , nothing more than a ignoble ape with your foot on a poor peaceful beings throat for nothing more than the purpose of elevating yourself slightly higher . 
  if that is the class of creature you strive to be then it is your every right to do so . 
  considering most of the world 's reaction to pedophilia is on a spectrum between chemical castration to death i think we 're being quite considerate with them really . 
  the important difference between non-offending pedophiles ( who in regards to age of consent i would consider those who are attracted to children who are pre-pubescent ) is that i would consider it to be a mental illness , prosecution of course limited to offenses not the illness itself in which case if revealed they should be offered proper psychiatric care with no shame imposed for being a victim of chance alone . 
  the important factor here is that pedophilia is not to be considered as a sexual persuasion and thus has no place to tolerated the same way other dangerous mental illnesses are not tolerated to go untreated . 
  equality does not necessarily mean all people treated identically only that all people are treated fairly . 
  if a person violates the rights of a child they deserve to be used in negative comparisons , absolutely no rights are violated by consensual sexual actions whether heterosexual or homosexual , any sexual actions involving a child is already non-consensual by default . 
  its a terrifying trend that 's rushing through most of europe , people have lost faith in the current established systems and are finding alternatives , it seems we are heading into a future that feels extremely reminiscent of the political scene in europe during the 30s and we all remember how that turned out . 
  on the bright side in the same way there is also a huge resurgence on the other side of the coin for the classic french revolution values against the corruption of the imperialist and undemocratic tendencies of the modern capitalist system . 
  things are going to continue heating up and whether good guys or bad guys come out on top the situation is not going to be pretty . 
  oh trust me i understand we had the same problem in ireland for practically the entire 20th century , practically went from under the rule of britain to under the rule of rome . 
  the unofficial mayor of every town in the country was a priest or bishop and the church had total control over many vital public services such as education and medical care . 
  in just the last 20 years however there was suddenly a seismic shift in the country to be far more secular , its still not perfect but it is and getting a lot better and poland may see such a sudden change in the future hopefully . 
  indeed especially helped when the communist bloc rejected any sort of laws that are rooted in religion . 
  they were also miles ahead of their time on sexual and race equality . 
  i think its mostly whatever the party leaders did n't like was called bourgeois , jazz music for instance was popular for brief time til it was suppressed as being too bourgeois in favor of folk and classical music . 
  its essentially a plutocractic dictatorship really . 
  the second largest party are the remains of the old communist regime ( that have n't jumped ship since ) and the third largest is essentially a quite scary fascist party ( not by name of course but its quite clear ) . 
  in short politics in russia is insanely diverse though ultimately restricted by fixed voting . 
  thankfully most of those are probably programmed to head for the us so we 'll be ok . 
  poland big !, 
  i think for like 10 years after the revolution ... then stalin deemed it a bourgeois activity and it was back to square one again . 
  it seems some people have different ideas of human rights and dignity then . 
  i for instance consider it dignified to allow the universal right to equal legitimacy of relationships regardless of gender and the right to peacefully protest . 
  nobody said that 's ok or even implied it would be . 
  its ok to prosecute pedophiles when they sexual assault children through proper channels of the law systems , but no one is advocating mob justice like this . 
  it may have been a stray or wondered there though . 
  yeah i do n't think we really need to speculate too much on what berlesconi 's job interview entails ... 
  you should see the woman berlusconi appointed as minister for the environment : http://www.veronesialberto.it/image.axd?picture=2010%2f2%2fstefania-prestigiacomo.jpg, 
  in fairness he never said they are equal in severity only it is the same rational of action behind both . 
  always skohn like loan . 
  i 've a friend who calls flatter biscuitier variants of scones skons though , thats the extent i 've heard the skon pronunciation used around here . 
  do british scones count as bread ? 
  ah i do n't care i 'm going to talk about scones . 
  [ bowl of fresh whipped , jar of jam , platter of scones and a large toaster means i 'll be eating til i collapse or they 're gone , depending which comes first . 
  seriously imagine them getting to power and confiscating children adopted by gay couples . 
  i do n't believe france has gay adoption yet but this is something these people would be prepared to do . 
  alternatively a standard mcdonalds chicken nugget ; http://mrjam.typepad.com/.a/6a00d8341c00c753ef0168e8c42c8a970c-pi, 
   all we need is even * more * austerity guys !, 
  the last load of austerity made things worse only because we did n't have enough of it to get over the hump , i promise !, 
  i wonder if it is actually is cheaper in northern ireland though compared to the republic , our energy links are connected a lot i believe . 
  its so nice of china to always refer to our nation with a compliment . 
  meh the guy must be doing loads of work every day to preserve a beautiful old village that would have been left to crumble . 
  i mean its not his fault in any way the spanish economy is in a mess and the previous owners were probably happy to get any money for it . 
  you mean it hit the flavour enhancement stage . 
  no offense at all to you guys but i was about to make the same point above before i seen these comments and romania was the example i was going to use as well ... 
  it is a factor but it does n't necessarily have to be the case , even in places where there is plenty of prey hunting is an arduous and dangerous business and a wolf or pack of wolves could easily find themselves in a bad luck spree of little food which could drive them towards eating a human . 
  the reason they eat humans as a last resort is because we look very strange and unorthodox to them and recognize us as another predator so understand trying to kill one of us could be unpredictable and lead to serious damage to themselves . 
  but if they take down a human with little trouble they will be far more inclined to do it again even when they are n't as starved . 
  the problem comes from the capitalist system not sharing wealth as a result of labour , this brings about the luddite dilemma where new machines take over the hard manual labour of workers but as a result of that the workers lose their jobs , despite there being far more productivity being done in the nation they are poorer for it , the reason for this of course being that as capital becomes greater at productivity it is the capital holders that benefit from it and not the workers who had to do the work before hand . 
  thus the luddites direct their anger at the machines for making them redundant when really the machines should be their liberator , it instead becomes the symbolic revelation of their imprisonment . 
  no there definitely is a problem of competing nations especially when a politician would see it as a good thing to use policies that would benefit his country and yet damage the economy of vast regions or even the planet as a whole . 
  if a us president found a way to increase us gdp by a certain amount while decreasing the gdp of other nations to a larger amount as a result of that policy then he would be regarded as a successful president internally despite decreasing wealth globally . 
  silly cityzen everyone knows it was built by the celts so it must be in ireland , probably near the border with scotland . 
  well it only mentions his maternal grandparents were jewish so his mother may have converted but / u/frisiandude likely knows a lot better than my brief speculation . 
  just found a funny find under silverstein , marc :  ** note : we at masada2000.org might never have heard of this attention-seeking anarchist had he not contacted to us on june 23 , 2010 : **  `` i was just wondering if i could be added to the s.h.i.t. 
  list . 
  i was just reading a book by slovenian philosopher slavoj zizek where he describes your website as a form of `` zionist anti-semitism '' and he says `` the site looks like nothing so much as a nazi list of corrupt jewish freaks . 
  there is clearly no need to search out arab propaganda to find examples of brutal anti-semitism today - fanatical zionists are themselves doing the job perfectly adequately . '', 
  he also describes masada2000 as being the `` true jew-haters '' . 
  i thought that sounded interesting , and maybe i could be added ? 
  thanks , marc silverstein , boca raton fl . '', 
  huh til stephen fry has some jewish roots . 
   fry was raised in no religious faith . 
  [ 7 ] his maternal grandparents , martin and rosa neumann , [ 6 ] were hungarian jewish immigrants from \u0160urany , which is now in slovakia . 
  [ 6 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] his mother 's aunt and cousins died in auschwitz . 
  on page 141 of the book : the shit list ( self-hating israel-threatening ) : http://www.masada2000.org/shit-list.html its probably expected but as a warning it is a really terrible site . 
  slajov zizek talked about these groups in `` living in the end times '' , speaking about how they have a huge website listing `` self hating jews '' in which they give a personality description of each person on the list using vocabulary very similar to anti-semites and providing contact details to them ( obviously for hate mail ) . 
  obviously they can ( and zizek acknowledges this ) just be dismissed as a single extreme group , like say the westboro baptist church , but it still is representative of where this ideology can lead . 
  thats the one in templebar right ? 
  they 're great but i was speaking of a smaller one nearer me called aladin kebab in inchicore which is more of a take away . 
  it should at least be a progressive tax , especially with the huge variation in housing prices in this country . 
  i live near a really great authentic kebab maker , their bread and meat is prepared by themselves and they do n't cost anymore than the cheap crap you find elsewhere . 
  dublin is n't a big city so i 'm sure there 's plenty of good kebab places elsewhere too . 
  ok when you two are done wanking each other off it 's because your answer did n't regard the question and subsequent edit which was asking why emigration not immigration is so high in the countries . 
  the european burrito . 
  brilliant , and its quite an honest message too . 
  it reminds during the whole swine flu scare , mexican resorts had to offer absolute bargain holidays because everyone thought it was some sort of apocalyptic plague going on over a little week long flu . 
  [ especially for this one here . 
  its not exactly a choice between the two ... 
  yes but that is as long as they continue to choose to keep it that way , they still retain their monetary autonomy , even if they very well may never choose to do anything with it . 
  aunt works in a drugs center and gets given a load of it and sometimes gives us some of the excess blocks , do n't know about the rice but its actually really good quality cheddar far better than the cheap and even standard priced ones you find in super markets and its a massive block . 
  yes but its not as if we do n't try to bring in and already have regulations to set proper standards so animals do n't suffer as much as possible in farms , we 're doing a lot better than the us at least : http://aldf.org/article.php?id=1787  the eu has adopted legislation that leads the world in protecting farmed animals . 
  in 1998 , the council of the european union adopted council directive 98/58/ec , which sets general rules for the protection of farmed animals . 
  this directive incorporates what are commonly referred to as the `` five freedoms , '' to wit , farmed animals must be given :  * freedom to express normal behavior - by providing sufficient space , proper facilities and company of the animals ' own kind . 
   * freedom from thirst , hunger and malnutrition - by ready access to fresh water and a diet to maintain full health and vigor .
