  the logic in deciding they were n't actually slaves does n't hold up well , he uses quite illegitimate terms to divide slaves from `` servants '' as he called them , regarding them all as prisoners of war is also absurd , they may have had more rights than the african slaves but they were certainly subjected to indefinite involuntary labour whatever way you turn it . 
  its pretty much the same all year round . 
  should they not be more concerned about syriza ? 
  they 're polling as the next government afterall while golden dawn commands only a minority of voters . 
  britain has a lot of crazy archaic laws that 'll never be enforced , like technically the queen owns all property in the uk and its subjects are simply renting the privilige to use them . 
  of course if it was ever attempted to be enforced she 'd be out on her arse in half a seconds notice . 
  people need to understand this , we live in a global empire today and the us may be the heart of it but those influencing these horrible undemocratic policies have no allegiance to any nation and yet have their claws in all . 
  the economy must be democratized before we can hope for any sort of truly democratic politics . 
  why did n't you just call animal control like you threatened before resorting to poison ? 
  what do you mean by offended ? 
  my whole comment is defending them in that we around the british isles are far worse at the geography of japan than vice versa , or maybe in the us what i just said is an impressive display of geographical knowledge so i can understand why you got mixed up . 
  i do n't go there often but last time i did i was in a thread where people shared their cities train station to then be complimented or more often made fun of , it was fairly enjoyable and lax . 
  tokyo , hiroshima , nagasaki , fukushima and i 'm pretty sure there 's some sort of place called osaka ... yeah just drop tokyo in the middle and the other four at random locations and that 'd be me done , also two islands at a random spot near my poorly drawn japan marked iro jima and okinawa . 
  yeah was n't too sure of the figure to begin with its actually 10 % as another commenter pointed out . 
  indeed and given the poor genetic data they had available in 1918 this map is more of a cultural than genetic map . 
  well its a bit of a tricky distinction as while there was once a celtic people who originated around austria who introduced more advanced metal working and hence aggriculture and industry around europe i do n't believe they ever did genetically dominate the areas they moved into , the way we use celtic today then has become far more associated with the celts of the british isles with their distinctive druidic culture and artstyles which for the most part pre-dated celt proper influence . 
  that is a distinction must be made as how celtic is used here due to its been muddled up with various historical uses and revisions from average use . 
  so the confusing part is that pre-celtic britain and ireland were still `` celtic '' given the different ways we use the term . 
  people forget french used to be * the * international language . 
  hah i like they named the capital engels , name remains to this day too . 
  technically but its not the case in reality , not that this map maker could be aware , but most english people are actually more descended from their celtic pre-roman ancestors than any of the various groups that entered since . 
  no the point is that with the amount of irish immigration into england they should be likewise fuzzed in areas , especially around london and northern england . 
  something like a quarter of people in england have at least one irish grandparent today and similar case was the same if not more pronounced in 1918 . 
  i 'm sure its been posted a few times alrwady . 
  hah the little crown in the pokedex , would love to see more of this concept . 
  i get this often , its actually pronounced like cube . 
  i love reading up about how orthodox jews get around various rules in absolutely preposterous ways , like the way they ca n't use buttons on the sabbath so they have elevators which automatically stop at every floor , or they ca n't light lamps so they have a lamp which stays on for the entire day but you have to twist a valve ( which is apperantly ok ) to open the light . 
  6 is alright but the font they use for euro is like the unfortunately developed cousin of comic sans . 
  yes but not in the way we would think of the identity today , back then being irish and british was not seen as conflictual by many , as a reference to how he was seen in ireland in his day the wellington monument was fundraised primarilly by middle class catholics and remains the largest monument in the country . 
  wellington was actually irish , a rich protestant sure but he was born and raised here ( and before anyone mentions the stable quote that was actually a myth attributed to him ) . 
  and thats with most people unaware of what he got up to in ireland ... 
  and of course the martyrs of 1916 ca n't go without mention . 
  jim larkin certainly qualifies in my view outside of them . 
  seriously how can someone not think this is clearly made to induce bias , they made her look like a bloody disney villain . 
  we 're well over the point where we should care about pragmatic nuances in british law , its a drop in an ocean at this stage . 
  and what has that to do with anything i 've said ? 
  not only that but political institutions have had a long history of `` standardizing '' certain dialects in order to make ruling easier from a centralized position . 
  the dialect quite literally imposes itself as a language through the military by suppressing competing dialects . 
  i love that combination of traditional dutch architecture and caribbean aesthetics . 
  you know like they have nearly always have been at every point in history . 
  what the above commenter misses is that it is the monarch 's very vulnerability in that he ca n't `` change face '' that makes them so susceptible to manipulation . 
  there 's a big difference between a state being influenced by markets and being influenced by corporations however . 
  its the difference between making a decision to help lower oil prices in a nation and making a decision to help bp . 
  and no where did i imply anything against that sentiment , i feel as if some people believe that if one does n't support those who choose to watch tv rather than join others taking action for a movement they agree with then i want them taking out and put to walk in chains in front of me . 
  the fact you are well aware of this yet continue to push this authoritarian axillary argument at me only speaks to me that it is you that is driving against freedom of opinion here . 
   a maid has to deal with a potentially unbound number of unknowns . 
  probably not in the job description but a maid would be expected to have some kind of sensible response to this . 
  certainly if the maid is the only person there and they ignored the stab wound to keep cleaning i see a p45 in their future . 
  there 's an even simpler way to think about this than that , when diagnosing patients primarily all that is done for most cases is to input symptoms and output the statistically most probable illness . 
  however in a maids job what you 're looking at is a large environment within a building containing countless types of `` dirt '' that need to be cleaned , such a job requires environmental and context awareness , being able to perform a variety of different motions using a variety of tools that you must discern yourself to use . 
  the difference is between requiring a simple software and near enough a fully fledged intelligence , all for something most humans can handle quite easily . 
  and this is a slippery slope to justifying those who could be out joining the protesters but without even disagreeing with them choose to lounge back and be a good little consumerist isolated in their bubble instead while every pair of feet on the street helps to forward the cause they would still like to benefit from without the effort . 
  to sit idly by while your community is struggling to free themselves from oppression is not simply a consumer choice , i will bear those ill-will who do so with no more important reason preventing them . 
  i doubt he 's ever read a feminist writer to begin with , never mind on this specific topic . 
  think about it this way , russia is the only nation there that shares a border with china and their second ( ? ), 
  largest border at that . 
  trust me if i could kick all our useless self-proclaimed politicians in a small boat out into the atlantic i would , those tax breaks still exist only because they know closing them will piss off the big american corporations and they have no better imagination to develop the nation other than hoping they can forever continue to suck on their teethes . 
  exactly the choice is not between the current class of bankers and having no finance mechanisms , there are many other options we could use for a better functioning society that are left unexplored . 
  but despite the above commenter claiming we are the ones `` eating up '' some anti-bank agenda it is he who is so blind to assume there are no other options than the status quo . 
  true but we do need to be getting * some * new people or else the subreddit will decline , and this is a drop compared to when comics regularly hit the front page . 
  i think that rule only counts in places like default subs so as not to bring in too many people who will decrease quality submissions . 
  / r/europe on the other hand is safe place as its a deeper sub and there 's many nationalities . 
  i do n't think so , humans have been obsessed with the concept of virginity long before any religion as we know it today , its natural instinct for males to desire a mate that has not been with other males . 
  the idea of its relation to `` purity '' in religion is really just a formalization of this already existing concept . 
  no such thing as too long on / r/polandball . 
  yeah it is , but i just use it here as a catchall term for whenever germany gets into scary mode . 
  they 're most trustworthy because they 're a great industrious trading partner , they 're least trustworthy because anschluss . 
  my problem with such an interpretation is that it avoids the wider political motivations for the attack in which religion is often simply used as a justification for . 
  i thought confirmation bias was when you find a single example that fits your predisposition and use it to disregard all other counter-examples ( i.e. 
  a racist person sees a black kid steal something and so feels confirmed in his opinion all black people are thieves ) . 
  presenting statistics in a shrewd way seems to be a different thing in that the attempt is to present it as if it is the wider norm and not an example . 
  you 're probably right but this is n't the way i previously understood confirmation bias to mean . 
  i do n't think that 's what you 'd call confirmation bias , more like cherry picking statistics, 
  the law is as we make it , democracy is as we decide , nobody is going to worry about property rights from one exception made on a bloody monarchy of all things . 
  why should they own any of that land and money to begin with when its based on a history of aristocratic oppression ? 
  i know that much of their wealth revolves around legitimate investing and so forth but the only reason why they had any of that money to invest is on the backs of the british and irish people same with all those old money families , its like a burgler who gambles with the money he stole from you feeling entitled to the winnings . 
  make like the french and just take it all i say . 
  no when you do it it 's called oppression . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ ^ by ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ way, 
   only debateable by republicans ok sure , if you say so i guess thats the end of the matter . 
  i 'm pretty sure the idea the royal family makes a net-profit is pretty debatable , the calculations usually fail to account for the huge security spent on their protection and the opportunity cost of profits from royal assets , resting on the concept that the royal family generates tourism which i find to be pretty flimsy given there 's no shortage of tourists to versailles . 
  no it has to do with the difference between low wage growing economies and `` mature '' traditionally rich economies , guess which one you 're more likely to invest in ? 
  its like the european equivalent of the american right screaming about `` the war on christmas ! '', 
  `` why new bureaucratic regulations from brussels detached from reality aim at replacing mince pies with frankfurters '', 
  except this is the telegraph ... 
  two and a half if you want to get technical . 
  i suppose that 's true but it was hundreds of years ago since a real scottish monarch was on a throne . 
  ireland once too had our own royalty ( however the celtic structure was quite different from the feudal variety ) long before that , seems strange that they should still regard it as part of their native culture . 
  and this becomes problematic for those of us that are n't big on drinking ... 
  why are people so attached to the monarchy anyway ? 
  i understand in england they can at least see it as part of their cultural heritage but in scotland i would have thought it would be felt to be a foreign concept placed on them , especially by those in favour of independence . 
  might be the weather , norway is considerably warmer than finland due to the gulf stream so they prefer hockey a lot more . 
  the same was actually true of ireland which not a lot of irish people are even aware of , our politicians still had to swear a royal oath upon entering parliament for decades after our independence , it was n't until later that we officially left the commonwealth . 
  yeah it is quite small in area , but i had to make clear that catalan is a big deal for the spanish government . 
  freud , hitler and mozart come from there and it used to be an empire with hungary until ww1 . 
  that 's about all we 're thought really . 
  more than an ear , more like a limb , 16 % of spain 's population live in catalonia , for reference scotland composes only 8 % of the uk 's . 
  elizabeth never stuck her nose into politics much for this very reason her attitude has always been to let people decide for themselves and support them either way , not taking advantage of a symbolic position to push your own political views . 
  it helps that its basically an isolated rural community , there 'd likely be towns in the likes of england the size of their population that would have similar if not higher attendance rates . 
  we take every chance to poke fun at england that we get , it 's practically a national holiday whenever we manage to win in football .
