  because the traffickers do n't have enough help already ? 
  you ca n't just legislate prostitution away , people have been trying for the last few thousand years and it never works and for the vast majority of the time just harms the women , what you need to do is give a basis for a industry in which the women are protected through registrations , health regulations and security . 
  by banning the industry in general all this does is simply brings in effect an `` in for a penny , in for a pound '' psychology where the clients have no motivation to avoid trafficked women . 
  again i 'm not saying they are n't neo-nazis i 'm just saying you need a better definition of what the term means than what the above commenter used solely as a criteria , though the flag you link is most certainly indicative of a fascist political aesthetic . 
  the us during the early 20th century for instance imposed a eugenics based immigration policy , while i find it very contestable i would n't call them nazis for using it . 
  i feel so patronized by that video for some reason , when has politics become such a game to these people ? 
  are we really going to dilute the meaning of the word so much ? 
  it 's borderline racist but it 's not nazism . 
  not that i do n't doubt there are plenty of neo-nazis in the group you have to have a more nuanced definition than that otherwise it 's just political sensationalism . 
  exactly , no state is ever powerful enough to control it 's own people when they work together , uproar is the most powerful tool we have to make public change , far more than voting for whatever salesman promises you the world every several years . 
  to an extent yeah , but in general italians are very competitive between communities even tiny villages a few miles apart would have rivalries dating back to rome . 
  its flimsy but the person did say austria was '' * the * '' nation to never lose its far right , which is absurd as these people exist in every nation . 
  this just keeps getting odder , is ireland the only place on earth who does n't think scots are cheap or is it just me who has somehow missed it over the years ? 
  yeah i 'd imagine so , a lot of these get spread around and adapted . 
  where else are you known as cheap , it must be outside the british isles as i 've never seen english people claiming it either . 
  edit : ah shit this explains scrooge mcduck . 
  that still does n't fully answer the question , i 've never heard of scottish people stereotyped as cheap before . 
  so if i understand the article correctly the events were all to show solidarity to the pro-european protestors of ukraine ? 
  i 'm a massive fan , read three of his books , listened to god knows how many hours of lectures by him and i completely agree with you . 
  in italy you 'd find more regional jokes , people from tuscany making fun of people from sicily and so on . 
   paddy irishman , paddy englishman and paddy scotsman were out for a walk , a wizard came up to them and showed them a magic slide . 
   `` whatever thing you shout at the top you end up in pool of it at the bottom ''  paddy irishman climbed to the top and shouted `` gold ! '', 
  and slid down into a pool of gold . 
   paddy scotsman climbed to the top and shouted `` diamonds ! '', 
  and slid down into a pool of diamonds . 
   paddy englishman climbed to the top and shouted `` weeeeee !, 
  '' _ always loved these sort of national rib poking , some people would probably claim they 're racist or hateful but i think it 's one of the best ways nationalities can interact with each other , it 's like the national equivalent of friends `` taking the mic '' as we say here . 
  slavoj zizek gave a great talk on the subject : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4yjas6cv9i, 
  given our resources as a continent would that be so difficult ? 
  i think he 's referring to the fact there are still considerable amount of japanese who still support the old imperialism to a fascist degree . 
  the title does n't necessarily imply europe and asia are not connected . 
  actually according to that article :  according to the world giving index , the only country with a higher proportion of its population donating money than the uk is burma , where 85 per cent of people give something every month . 
  which is confusing because the irish times cites the same index . 
  we 've had quite a few revolutions in that time for a reason too . 
  this is why we need to do away with lady rations in the welfare system . 
  and yet no one cares that this is the status quo for much of our products bought from the third world . 
  i still doubt it , there 's been cases before like georgia but with russia as the aggressor there they had less grounds to legitimize themselves . 
  with the ukraine 's influence is worth far more to russia than it is to nato , and with russia having far more means to support the state , i would sincerely doubt any action from the west if such a repression took place , the shit storm it would unleash is simply not worth it to them . 
  the problem is previous encounters such as iraq and afghanistan did not have the diplomatic links that the current ukrainian government has , an act of war against the ukraine by nato very much has the potential to escalate into a conflict with russia which no one would ever dare . 
  stop even trying to argue this with him , the reason he opposes gay marriage has fuck all to do with this children and benefits nonsense , it 's simply that he hates gay people and seeing their expression of love for each other disgusts him deeply , the rest is all just empty excuses because he 's too afraid to admit that fact . 
  it in fact is what makes them authentic rights rather than simply privileges . 
  you do know it requires total consent of the un security counsel to take peacekeeping action against a nation , obviously russia would never consent to such an intervention , it 's for the same reason action is not taking in syria despite the us already supporting the rebels through arms . 
  it is possible action could be taken outside of the un but such a thing would be an act of war which would have very grim implications . 
  it 's nothing complicated in our history , in both cases a group staged a revolution against the government , they took over a central building ( the gpo , the four courts ) , and the ruling governments responded by blowing it open with artillery . 
  it 's perfectly possible it could happen today and has been utilized already in syria for a long time now , extremely unlikely the un would intervene same as they have n't intervened there . 
  remember artillery 's use is less for killing people and more for blowing apart defenses , if dispersing an uprising is the goal chasing people out of seats of power is one of the primary aims , even if it means destroying priceless historical landmarks these people do n't care . 
  historically it has happened in dublin both by the british and our independent government so i would n't put it past the ukraine . 
  is this really our biggest public debate , i can recall all of zero conversations i had with people about civil service costs , i doubt the same can be said for things like the scottish referendum , this is just really all that our government wants to talk about . 
  i 'd say the bigger debate is about the massive youth unemployment and the governments endorsing pushing our young into emigration . 
  it 's not racist if he wants everyone to die . 
  exactly as intended , it 's nothing to do with porn . 
  it 's just protests now , but things can turn into a full on revolution in seconds . 
  i doubt thats the reason , after all seconds are irrevelant as they are identical across time zones , it 's probably more so it 's location closer to the us . 
  the polish tiger , word of advice be more careful with it than we were lads . 
  also try remember when kind old cousin paddy let you stay with him to help him with his crazy housing market next time he 's down on his luck . 
  that 's mainly from the isometric projection though . 
  i would have thought the drug related cases would have been higher than they are in western europe , needle exchange programs and the like must be working well . 
  and remember weapons have only become more advanced since then , things may seem peaceful today but the price of war is always growing stronger . 
  switzerland is practically in the eu , even if it 's not officially . 
  likewise if they have your address there 's nothing to stop them driving up to your house and looking at it , sure they ca n't do it on will at home but if they have any nefarious plans in mind i do n't see it as much of an obstacle . 
  it 's not like the street view car shows your back door or any or other information about your house other than what you can see from the street yourself . 
  oh by no means am i saying he is a puppet , only that his position as leader of russia is de facto consented by these nations through their acceptance of trade with russia despite it 's human rights violations they claim to be against , compare this policy to say how they treat iran . 
  while he does have a large support base it is well documented that he should not have won the last few elections according to various independent groups that spectated the elections . 
  in the end of the day they 're all dicks and they all want to fuck us , though putin is definitely a bigger dick than others the only reason why he 's still around is that the western communities support him and other bastards like him by buying his resources because they 're afraid what will happen if these nations get real democracies their people wont agree to the current game being played . 
  people just view russia as the evil imperialist dictatorship and reject any sort of idea that liberal `` democracies '' can be involved in imperialism which is utter nonsense . 
  vikings were serious shit , they even attacked as far away as constantinople . 
  in fairness french people have a passive racial 25 % buff in stylishness whatever they wear . 
  likely not as much as you are but to an extent yes , am i mistaken in some area ? 
  that would be true if we were talking about unions but co-determination is not unionized work , a union operates by directly threatening the profits of a firm forcing the capitalists to either comply or lose profits , this can result in a situation in which it is more economical to make decisions that will harm the long term good of the firm in order to appease the other faction , this is how inflated wages may occur . 
  in a co-determined firm the workers by default have control and thus there is no need for the most part to take strike action , the workers make the decisions and thus have to do so in the interest not only of their personal wealth but also of the firms long term survival thus assuming rational actors they would never inflate their wages to economically unsustainable levels . 
  workers may not have a property risk in the company but they are staking their livelihood on the firms survival , aside from that we have seen quite well that workers having at the very least partial control over these large firms has very positive results for the rest of the society , with investors by definition only interested in short term profits workers act as a grounding force in the decision making process to focus on the long-term feasibility of the decisions being made rather than simply caring about the value of its shares in one years time . 
  they 're not inflated wages in co-determined firms they 're simply decided upon wages , the money is there and someone has to decide how much they 're being paid , just because the workers actually have an influence in the matter does n't make them inflated , you could use the exact same logic and say the profits in the solely capitalist run firms are inflated . 
  if the rest of the market has to do the same to compete with the higher wages in co-determined firms attracting more skilled workers that 's simply how the economy operates , there 's nothing unsustainable about that . 
  that 's not really a huge problem , simply means the markets are open for more firms increasing competition , whereas in large oligarchic industries like car manufacturing it is n't an option . 
  i think you need to read about the actual case , this is is n't just a simple statement that civilians were once killed in northern ireland , which is obviously well known history , but an actual taskforce that was given ridiculous powers we have only officially learned about today . 
  i do n't know if it 's the right word , wankercuntafafuckarrific seems more appropriate for the context , though i believe the american varient spelling is jesustastic . 
  indeed in germany any corporation over a certain size must have it 's decision making half-operated by worker representatives . 
  which is unfounded speculation , even in the article units breaking was never mentioned as an issue . 
  i more so blame the `` mature '' middle aged principal for not sorting this out properly , the kids would have picked a better tablet than him . 
  there are , it 's like farming culture where every new generation wants to carry on the family business , problem is unlike farming where the land would have to be divided with each generation it simply means an increasing amount of fishermen . 
  now with the mass industrialization of the fishing process this makes even larger amounts of fishing communities redundant , this is why the eu has to subsidize their business in order not to let the communities fall apart , but really at this stage we probably should let them crash . 
  putin took snowden in and you know he sure as hell has massive spying operations going on ( he 's bloody ex-kgb ) , the difference is europe is afriad to upset out imperialist master they 've been co-operating with this whole time . 
  it 's nothing but a form of political targeting , what happens when we get thousands of people to protest outside parliament then ? 
  there 's no way they can fine every one of them , not a chance as much as they 'd like to . 
  so what they 'll do is take the leaders of the organization and fine them as a way of blackmailing them , probably end up in prison too when they refuse to pay . 
  meanwhile in spain this gives a license to police to assault protesters when ever they feel like it , who 's to prove a protester did n't hurt the poor insecure policeman 's feelings provoking them to `` enforce '' the law on their skulls . 
  there 's a big difference between wanting an independent state and zealous nationalism , the irb was pushed not by some fascist concepts of us being any better than anyone but against the oppression of the irish workers at the hands of an imperialist capitalist system . 
  likewise the provisional ira and the original irb were completely different organizations with extremely different political philosophies . 
  i thought you were talking about the ira ? 
  yeah the highest estimate is 1,800 over the course of almost half a century , meanwhile six hundred thousand people have died in the iraq war alone in just the last 10 years while plenty of british people have been waving the union jack in support of it . 
  my point was never that the attacks were n't bad but if you look at the support the people of many other european nations have given to their states committing far more atrocious acts in the name of imperialism we come out a lot better than most . 
  and the ira 's worst crimes were what ? 
  a few sparse bombings and shootings , i do n't support such action but thats it . 
  meanwhile other nations have staged massive imperialist wars that cost millions of lives and subjugated peoples that many in their public had `` bias towards '' , so do n't tell me we irish are not allowed to speak , we 've more of a right than most . 
  if the power of the one ring is to represent class dominance then it 's destruction is very much our goal , the end of all class relations is the ultimate goal of all socialist endeavors . 
  and a reminder class in this sense does not simply mean rich or poor , it means what broad role you play in the production process , in the current society we have only two classes that of the workers and that of the capitalists , the goal then is to have a society in which all people are both workers and capitalists and neither , the relation between people would simply be of camaraderie . 
  while having the workers pool their wealth in order to combat the corruption of the state may be a short term solution to improve living standards it will never work for long , firstly the workers are too many to organize for such a long period through donations , secondly even our combined wealth is dwarfed by that of the capitalists especially given we require a far higher percentage of our income to survive than they do , and lastly there is an issue of those countries outside the west who are being manipulated into complacency by the imperialist might of the empire 's center , the us , from it 's military twice the size of the next five armies below it combined or from it 's deep control of international trade discourse . 
  still this concept is similar to what we had in the welfare state in europe and the new deal in the us , after mass movements are growing support in the communist socialist and unionist movements which grew incredibly large in the 30s led to in the us of fdr making a deal with his upper-class colleagues ( as he himself came from that background ) to compromise with these movements in case what happened in russia spread here , the result was the highest tax rate in us history and the implementation of various social policies and institutions such as social security and the labour relations act . 
  there was a split between those who supported fdrs appeasements and those who wanted no part in them , this split would define the divide in us political parties to the present day between the democrats and the republicans . 
  this brings me to the actual issue of trying to make the system work for us ; the 20th century project of the republican party had one goal in mind : the total destruction of the socialist , communist and union movements , and they succeeded .
