  basically a hybrid between direct and representative democracy where the people still have representatives to run the government day to day and uphold constitutional rights but at the same time the people themselves are the highest authority in the state, 
   how would you make this happen ? 
  [ see my comment here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1nddy2/reurope_define_democracy/cchpxs6 ), 
  no it is n't if you are discussing which forms of democracy are preferable over others . 
  plus you get a load of cash , at least here anyway . 
  now i 'm picturing an angry mob of swedish people dragging anthropologists out of university departments to be burned on stakes in an attempt to quash the spread of measles . 
  lets be honest though there 's no way that figure is at all close to truth , i 've never known anyone who could speak fluent irish that was n't a teacher , even people who take it at higher level in leaving cert seem to forget it in a flash . 
  yeah sorry , did n't realise wikipedia had a more up to date list . 
  here 's a collection of polls : http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/scottish-independence they usually skirt around 30-40 % , though it can really go either way on the day . 
  even so the overall population of black voters is significantly reduced in some districts on the city or state level , and this is in a demographic which already constitutes massive political disenfranchisement . 
  i was aware that it was painted by louis david yes , but after reading into the matter it appears that the salute as we know it probably did not exist in roman times , though a close right armed raised salute did exist it seems to not have had the formal features such as the rigid arm and downward facing palm . 
  rather it was in fact the french revolutionaries who invented the salute as we know it though they thought they were alluding to ancient rome , which was just as important in the french imperial aesthetics as it was for the nazis and indeed most western empires in the past , indeed even the us . 
  so yes it is n't really a roman salute , but at the same time it is still an allusion to ancient rome . 
  there are huge problems with it however when you consider the disproportionately high criminal convictions among the poor , in the us for instance as a state issue it effectively gives disproportionately high among of political power to white voters in many districts , and while inequality is less severe in some western european countries compared to other nations it is still a massive issue . 
  i see absolutely no reason why stealing a car suddenly means you have no right to represent your democratic will in the country you live in . 
  [ who got it from rome ] ( http://www.ux1.eiu.edu/~nekey/syllabi/2560/jacques-louis_david_oath_of_the_horatii_1784-85.jpg ) which is important as allusions to roman imperialism was ubiquitous throughout nazi aesthetics . 
  probably why they did n't last long in ireland then . 
  that was the whole point of his comment , hating the guy who ran at you with a knife is perfectly fine , hating everyone in his cultural group because of that is wrong . 
  thanks for the clarification , i clearly need further study into the systems of the eu . 
  he does n't sound very enthusiastic ... 
  its true though is n't it , from what i read the european parliament is basically just for show , the real decision making power resides in the council of the eu and the commission neither of which are positions we can elect officials to ( though we can indirectly to the council ) . 
  the eu needs a massive democratic overhaul in my view , until then i completely agree with the dissatisfaction of the masses towards it . 
  that reads more like :  `` a cautionary tale . 
  millions of europeans can * enter * poverty '' which is really a more likely prospect the way things are heading . 
  they have many ways around this issue : http://nypost.com/2013/08/18/upper-west-side-condo-has-separate-entrances-for-rich-and-poor/, 
  was it felt by either side that there was a degree of exploitation during the commonwealth ? 
  and hence what was it that split a half a millennium union apart and prevented any reunification ? 
  were n't poland and lithuania a united entity for a long time ? 
  how does that legacy bear on relations today ? 
  though i know quite well the trouble of having to be in united kingdoms ... 
  i for one am going to blame tony blair . 
  nah everything that happened before 2008 is a bit of a blur for us ... 
  would it hurt to stretch it that little teensy bit more to dublin ? 
  seems ... reasonable ... 
  and back away slowly keeping eye contact ... 
  the trick is to stop focusing on bringing up your own happiness ratings and instead try bring down the danish happiness . 
  east germany was well ahead of the game when it came to sexual freedom . 
  talking about worker exploitation just hits a bit too far home for us celts to bear facing it . 
  keep in mind though this is just beer consumption not alcohol in general . 
  britain : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shadow_cabinet its the sort of great historic legacy nomenclature that is sadly missing in most other systems . 
  what i love is that the opposition hold their own ministers to criticise the actions of incumbent ones which are titled the `` shadow ministers '' . 
  * technically . 
  its not a huge issue for me , i enjoy the fact the police do n't generally use guns either , though i do think the gun issue is over inflated by liberals ignoring far more important factors of high murder rates there with wide spread poverty and laughable social safety nets . 
  for instance do n't canada and switzerland have a higher gun per citizen rate than the us with little problems ? 
  in any case violence is symbolically more encompassing than simply inflicting pain on others , its about breaking apart from the status quo 's beurocratic path set out for how citizen 's should be acting and dare to demand changes to the system outside what our politicians allow to be discussed in standard debate , it is this interpretation through which zizek stated `` gandhi was more violent than hitler '' , thus the inclination to stop any symbolic mention of violence in open society is simply part of reaffirming the hegemony 's control over political discourse . 
  what does angela merkal have against yellow ? 
  i should add a disclaimer for those unfamiliar with the meaning of the lyrics that the throat cutting of women in the song is enacted by the tyrants not the singers . 
  none the less your sentiment is very true i agree the song is very fierce , but i hold it to be a noble type of fierceness , the violence in the song is not enacted for ideals of nationalism but rather for liberty against antagonistic oppressors . 
  in regards to sexism i agree with that , though its not any worse than other works of its time it still has present patriarchal sentiments unacceptable for today which i would support updating . 
  its associated with new years today but ` auld lang syne ' is also a beautiful scottish anthem . 
  that i would have to wholeheartedly disagree with , the historic violence of the song is predicated against tyranny for the ideals of brotherhood and democracy , we ca n't forget about the necessity of violence against oppression just as it was necessary after it was written and just as it will be necessary in the future . 
  to sing only of flowers and peace will simply fall into the hands of those who wish to have a monopoly of violence over us . 
  ireland 's republican movement has always owed a great debt to the french revolutionaries , the republican spirit is cherished by both of our peoples today and la marseillaise is one of the ultimate expressions of that spirit . 
  [ i particularly love mireille mathieu 's rendition of it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3ivxo0w1yi ), 
  exactly , i 've even seen plans for fussion-fission cycle reactors . 
  its high time for the second revoluci\u00f3n , i find it baffling enough what we otherwise proud rebels put up with here with the unemployment in spain even worse i think its only a matter of time before the spanish people demand real democracy . 
  i see , so its basically a sort of variation of a knighthood then ? 
  they 're probably still better than the average politician but is it really that good of news ? 
  i mean how has their previous scientific career made them at all qualified to make political decisions , surely their talents are better spent actually within their fields . 
  its also incredibly well put together from an artistic perspective . 
  have n't the socialist party and wilders freedom party overtook the christian democrats last election ? 
  more than a third of the voters of the biggest party is n't exactly something to sneeze at . 
  its probably less clear in france where catholicism is the predominate christian religion but its the same reason ireland shows up as being far more religious than you 'd expect ( though we do have more of a religious population than average anyway ) . 
  people can often consider themselves culturally catholic while not actually believing in the religion , its especially prevalent here since people often feel the need to differentiate themselves culturally from protestants even when both consider themselves irish . 
  i do n't understand your logic , the fact is if the us is not as densely populated as europe does n't make it a better comparison if you leave areas out , it simply makes it inaccurate since you 're taking out a huge amount of people fundamentally part of the demographics of the us . 
  this is a far better one by the way , it allows you to raise sea levels too : http://merkel.zoneo.net/topo/applet/, 
  i actually imagine it would be france that would come out on top through this as the central power in a france-german-british/doggerland power . 
  oh really then why not request a piece of land in the united states or a piece of germany or what have you , if it is not a matter of claiming rightful heritage why was the land of palestine taken ? 
  indeed but they are often treated as though they are foreigner 's in their own land by zionists with their `` we were here first ! '', 
  because even using cultural divisions i would say there is n't any sort of `` race '' difference between eastern and western europe just as much as there is between northern and southern europe i.e. 
  it is not a legitimate division in my view in an anthropological sense . 
  the most prominent context in which slavs are differentiated from `` western europeans '' historically was by the nazi party in order to dehumanize the people of the ussr during their invasion thus i object to continuing such legacy in modern speech . 
  not according to the exact people who discriminate against them . 
  that does n't really mean anything outside nazism . 
  ignore them , its nothing but the same old fascist mentality : redirecting the fundamental problems of the political-economic system as a problem inherent in an externalisation represented in groups of people . 
  greece was just following the absurd orders brussels gave them , the only fault on greece 's half is for the politicians to be foolish enough to listen to them . 
  oh please such statements are very easy to make in hindsight , much to the contrary during that period the rest of the eu was celebrating greece for its massive gdp growth taking credit for its achievement through making the nation a model of * their * neo-liberal economics , only now that shit inevitably hit the fan is it all greece 's fault . 
  the term aid does n't necessarily exclude loans . 
  not feasible in today 's globalist world and even if it was such a protest by us people who actually care wont make a single dent . 
  why russia ? 
  not to mention for the japanese the use of maps of europe were merely for interest and rare traveling . 
  for europe maps of asia were for the question of where to conquer next . 
  i do n't know , imagine someone insisting calling a nationalist from northern ireland british and him having to correct the person each time that he considers himself irish , getting angry over it is probably a bit much though of course . 
  i 'm confused really is map depicting as the title says 1870 , or 1749 which is the date written under the map . 
  if it was 1749 it would be before the act of union when it was still the kingdom of ireland . 
  seems to have just combined ireland and scotland into the one stereotype , far from the first or last time it happens though ... 
  [ i remember zizek talking about an old joke  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4yjas6cv9i ) how does a croat masturbate ? 
  he makes a little hole in the ground and waits for an earthquake . 
  indeed troubling thought , perhaps we should include a clause in the bid that requires a quota of kebab chefs must be exported to all eu countries . 
  if they manage to get rid of the current administration i 'll be hopeful for them . 
  think of all the delicious kebabs !, 
  some time ago there were only 4 minarets in saudi arabia ... 
  they have a whole museum dedicated to jfk , i got the impression west berliners worship presidents during the period more than most americans do . 
  in fairness i wager that prison was built centuries ago , maybe even pre-renaissance . 
  it would be more interesting to see a comparison of proportion of police numbers in american and european major cities . 
  if we have i suspect my ip is already on that list a dozen fold . 
  then should an infertile heterosexual couple be barred from marriage on the basis their biology prevents them from breeding ? 
  i do not recall the institution of marriage being based on having children to begin with , rather that it is for supporting each other , for better or for worse , for richer , for poorer , in sickness and in health , to love and to cherish ; and to promise to be faithful to each other until death when they do part .
