  through infiltration by the fbi , to widespread propaganda , to the mccarthyist purge of any leftist groups on the false basis of allegiance to `` the enemy '' all labour supporting groups were crushed , and thats why socialism is a dirty word in the us today despite a good chance your great grandfather was waving the red flag at one point , today only 7 % of us workers are union members . 
  and with that over time we 've had all of the progressive policies of the new deal chipped away in the us with the welfare state crumbled in all but scandinavia in europe ( but even they are quickly losing ground ) and this is the problem with accepting reformism though it will improve the conditions of people in the short term it will always be eroded back , it is not until we take power and through it 's democratization destroy it will we end this endless process . 
  the quote was on the labour theory of value and how rich men in society create their wealth not through their own efforts but by taking from the labour of others : `` but after the division of labour has once thoroughly taken place , it is but a very small part of these with which a man 's own labour can supply him . 
  the far greater part of them he must derive from the labour of other people '' thinking in terms of executives and employees is the wrong way to look at this , it 's about capital owners and workers , while executives often tend to own stock in the company they do n't necessarily by definition and when they do not they are simply managers whose power is wholly dependent on the permission of the owners of the firm to manage it for them . 
  would the firm operate differently worse without these executive managers ? 
  perhaps they would yes , and the difference would become clear in a socialist society if some firms chose to retain managers and others did not , over time the better structure would win out as if it was more profitable to have higher paid managers on top it would be better for the entire firm to have them . 
  would the firm operate differently if capital owners were in control ? 
  not necessarily at all . 
  in a market controlled by workers rather than capital owners over time the most efficient firms will win out , why would n't it ? 
  yes they could just choose to take everything for themselves and let the company go to ruin but so could capital owners right now , the difference is people understand that in the long run they will lose out more in this way . 
  the only difference is that the people who own the firms actually have a long term interest in it 's existence being that their livelihood is based there , for a capitalist in the modern economy he can simply jump to and fro from firms , thus executives are appointed and commanded to operate firms not for the interest of long term sustainability but for short term profits to appease these fickle investors who do n't have to care what happens to a company five years down the line . 
  and we 've seen many firms and indeed even entire economies fall to ruin because of this logic . 
  population wise though it 's only about the size as france and germany together , true enough they got a shit ton of resources and land though . 
  really though it 's all about control , something putin is not willing to lose much of . 
  for these to work well they should be taken in the country of the flag being displayed , a picture of elephants in the savannah there for the ukraine is a bit silly . 
  ha i do n't know how much adam smith you 've read but he and marx were not all that dissimilar : `` every man is rich or poor according to the degree in which he can afford to enjoy the necessaries , conveniences , and amusements of human life . 
  but after the division of labour has once thoroughly taken place , it is but a very small part of these with which a man 's own labour can supply him . 
  the far greater part of them he must derive from the labour of other people , and he must be rich or poor according to the quantity of that labour which he can command , or which he can afford to purchase . 
  the value of any commodity , therefore , to the person who possesses it , and who means not to use or consume it himself , but to exchange it for other commodities , is equal to the quantity of labour which it enables him to purchase or command . 
  labour , therefore , is the real measure of the exchangeable value of all commodities . '', 
  for adam smith in order for the free market to function well for everyone it assumes a large degree of equality between people , in the marxist conception of democratic control the idea of the invisible hand is not at all disputed it is again people acting in self interest which results in an over all good , the only difference is who is acting in self interest is changed . 
  yes those executives may be paid less in favour of more even pay structure , but have you not considered this may be just as fair result as the executives deciding they should be paid more ? 
  furthermore if they feel their talent is being exploited they can always move to a different worker run firm which may be offering more for their talent , and if it is truly worth that much more the system will allow these firms to succeed over the others . 
  why would n't a democratic system allocate resources effitiently , you speak as if there 's some magical entity that currently does this but its simply humans just the same , the problem is we have this backward nonsensical system in who those people are , what i 'm proposing is that the people actually involved in production should be the people directing themselves are not arbitrarily directed by whoever came out on top of the market roulette . 
  again you 're thinking in terms of distribution and not of control , if someone is truly worth more than others they 'll be paid more than others in this way as it will be the logical thing to do for the good of everyone , currently we have executives giving themselves huge bonuses with no need to justify themselves and capital owners draining as much profits as they wish from companies with absolutely no contribution to the process of its creation . 
  the failure of previous attempts at this emancipatory politics is that the leaders felt it necessary to first take on the role of the capitalists to later transition into this democratic mode of production , this was foolish from the start and allowed the power hungry to climb up and take over everything , a system made democratic from the beginning will have no such avenue of control , certainly a lot less than they have now . 
  this is n't about rich or poor it 's about how production is operated , whether decision making should be solely in the hands of those who own property or every one together . 
  if people decide it will be better to pay some jobs more or less money , or decide we should have managers to make production smoother that will be a legitimate and fair choice . 
  i just ca n't imagine in such a system the six members of the walton family who own walmart would be given more wealth than the poorest 100 million americans , but maybe that 's just me . 
  maybe they would show that they do in fact justify such a salary for their hard work . 
  as is we simply have these decisions being made external to us for no particular reason other than how property rights are backed up by law . 
  but do you not see that the reason these revolutions ultimately failed in bringing about a truly free and just society is exactly because they were spearheaded by the property owning class ( at least in the case of the us and france , ireland began with a marxist revolution but left only a power hungry political class of opportunists after its leaders were executed by the empire ) . 
  capitalism was indeed far superior to previous modes of production in it 's ability to organize labour in a manner unheard of throughout history but we can have this and so much more my friend . 
  all that i am asking for here is that everyone has a say in how production is operated just as we all agree every should have a say in how politics is operated . 
  rather than for an arbitrary class of property owners to have a dictatorial right over how our businesses are operated , what we must do from nine to five every day , how much we each get payed , how the profits of a business are to be spent , how much consideration to the environment should be given . 
  all this is solely in the hands of those who have proven absolutely no qualification than somehow having a lot of money , and most of these people do n't even have a single part in the production process simply hiring managers to run everything for them while they suck champagne from pineapples in the bahamas while we who are on the ground working every day have absolutely no right to give a voice . 
  how can you possibly expect a political system to retain any sort of democratic integrity when the vast majority of processes in society are directed in the most undemocratic fashion imaginable short of a pointed gun . 
  we need to redefine property `` rights '' into something that can respect every other right we hold dear because as of yet we 've seen it takes precedence in its never ending thirst for profit in the same way a bulldozer takes precedence over a flower bed . 
  it worked in the us , it worked in france and it worked in ireland before , the problem is that we replaced one system ruled directly by an aristocratic class for a system in which they rule indirectly but we still have the exact same reasons to rise again . 
  yes i do firmly think there must be , i 'm making no disguise about that , there is simply no political democracy without economic democracy and this must be our demand if society should ever function in our favour . 
  every decision my government makes devoid of my influence affects me , and just as important every action by corporations directed only by the investor class affects all of us . 
  this is the failed limit of liberal politics there 's more to freedom and oppression than having a gun pointed at your face , that vague feeling of disenfranchisement is the authentic expression of living in a society in which the vast majority of important decision making is denied to us leaving the people left only to be swept back and forth as consumers and workers of a system designed entirely around keeping us in check against our interests . 
  i and my comrades are being ruled over by an international class of oligarchs with practically no real democratic means to determine how my community is directed , how is this not oppression ? 
  whats going on is the same shit that 's going on in every country ; you have a class of politicians colluding with corporations to sell out their own country based on a myth of democracy they have full control over , we are all an oppressed class internationally and need to show solidarity with each other . 
  maybe you 've been swept up by the liberal press bullshit line that all sides of a conflict need to be looked at with the same `` objective '' considerations but it 's clear which way the wind has been blowing a long time you 're either with the people here or against yourself . 
  i think one of the biggest mistakes in the perception of democratic politics in the last century has been that manipulated voters should only be looked at as limited to a personal shame of the people rather than viewed as another force of corruption little better than faking votes . 
  while every person must certainly try their best to make informed decisions when you 've grown up with little political education , which is ( and i would say intentionally ) woefully inadequately thought in schools , then followed by a media system which when not in the direct hands of the politician class ignore all real critical discussion of politics for the majority of the time only to then focus predominantly on personality and single issues during the election cycle . 
  the result is a society in which the working class has been cultivated into absolute disenfranchisement to the point many believe politics to be one of the most boring areas of culture with people more likely to be willing to fight and die for a football team than their political beliefs . 
  i mean yes in each case this is a problem for individuals but it is caused by sociological constructs that determine this to be the discourse we live in , and the result is that people are willing to vote in corrupt assholes because of their haircut or rhetorical catchphrases more so than their policies . 
  unless these same corrupt politicians are using various nefarious means to keep themselves in power opposed to the actual public will . 
  i do n't know but i was downvoted and shouted at for linking it a few weeks ago . 
  its both red and white and catholic , everybody wins !, 
  i 'd say you 're not supposed to link it to outsiders but / r/europe is almost the same subreddit population . 
  we fought you thieving vikings off a much bigger island before and by jaysus we 'll do it again norseman !, 
  you 're just saying that to distract us like the villainous dane you are while you snatch our beloved irish rockall . 
  afraid the funny walking cow was simply a hypothetical but we did have this cow story on the news a while back which was just as good : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nad67sj1ufq, 
  honestly the way they sold out their voters by not carrying through with the majority of their promises and allowing this administration to continue far past their voters wishes , i think and hope they are very much going to be a spent force for a very long time to come . 
  10 % is pretty meaningless though in uk politics to actually have a sway on the government , in the last election they had 79 % of the votes of the second largest party ( labour ) and 64 % of the largest ( conservatives ) . 
  if an election was called today they would get 31 % of the votes of the second largest ( conservatives ) and 26 % of the largest ( labour ) . 
  and that is again without accounting for the bias of the system towards single party governments . 
  london could have burned to the ground and irish news would still be looking at some fucking cow that walks funny in louth . 
  yeah i would n't think so either , although another issue is voter turnout but even i imagine it will be fine . 
  what annoys me is how patronizing he is with the public . 
  there 's a lot more to it than that m\u00f3 chara though it certainly is a factor , fascism did n't rise in the 20th century because of immigration . 
  i think ghettos are inevitable in any society with poverty and areas of different property prices , how exactly do you think we can `` plan away '' ghettos in an unequal society ? 
  the only ridiculous part is that we have to wait til 2015 , our prime minister ( who would not even allow this if it were not for his coalition partners ) says it 's because the people will be suffering from `` referendum fatigue '' , what a crock of bullshit !, 
  he 's only being a pathetic child because he did n't get his way with the last referendum a month ago . 
  and a good many of them consist of an absurdly small amount of people . 
  i 'd love to see the map again where they only include regions where say 10 % of the people actually want separation . 
  i suppose the way to look at it would be that the republicans are a direct continuation of the same movement as the southern irish separatists in the beginning of the 20th century . 
  that is to say since they began as separatists rather than wanting to unionize with a different state ( which did n't exist at the time ) they could be viewed as a legitimate inclusion in this way . 
  still not perfect but it 's probably the best way to go with it . 
  what a false dichotomy . 
  the communist ideology ( actual communism not those stalinist manipulations ) is n't based on hatred , segregation and violence , its a philosophy of solidarity , peace and co-operation between all people . 
  just because a few young men took revenge for what that criminal gang perpetrated through all levels of their organization is a ridiculous comparison . 
  this is even assuming leftists had anything to do with it and this was not an inter-fascist conflict which is not at all unlikely . 
  oh damn right , i misread and thought you were talking about glasgow above . 
  they have culchies in scotland too ? 
  have irish and scottish people been meeting up on the isle of mann or something through the centuries to agree what terminology we 'll be using ? 
  no the funny thing is that he 's norwegian , the other fact is just incidental . 
  i think it 's funny because we probably went against the english pronunciation just to spite them considering how late pineapples were introduced into ireland . 
  no i believe many issues are n't worth the bother , representatives can be good for such purposes , what i want is the ability , for example through petition , to impose referendums at will and to recall representatives for re-election , basically have the people as the highest power in the state . 
  i have no clue what idea you 're trying to express at this stage is , you 've just descended into abstract tripe ignoring the actual political argument . 
  again even if you managed to gather people , even if you convince the majority of the nation on the side of a particular argument , even if given a referendum they would make such a change ; in a parliamentary system this may not be enough if the representatives decide to ignore you , meanwhile they could pass a bill over 99 % of the country may oppose . 
  do you really not see any issue in this ? 
  or are just going to tell me the status quo is great and the problem is something to do with pulling bootstraps or will to power or whatever other fascist bullshit rhetoric you want to use to ignore the problem . 
  again you 're completely missing the point to a degree that i feel i should n't bother past this point , nothing i have said so far had to do with any sort of personal views of mine it is to do with how the will of the people is expressed through public policy . 
  currently that will is not being expressed , i could band up over half the country support a certain policy change but that does not in any way gurantee its fruition due to the make up of the system . 
  for many years now a majority of british people support the legalization of cannabis , it is only clear then in a democratic system it would be legal by now then , but since we do not have a democratic system the british people have to rely on a small class of politicians who for whatever reason have decided they know better than the people and keep it prohibited against their greater will . 
  this is a small example but the idea is very clear ; parliamentary politics is woefully inadequate in actually representing what the people want to the point i find it patently absurd to call it a legitimate form of democracy . 
  that may be a personal solution ( though unlikely ) but it would not solve the issue of the people not having real control over political decisions , anyone may run for office but of course not everyone can run for office . 
  because representatives do n't actually represent people 's views , they are often incompetant and regularly borderline corrupt . 
  you can vote a new guy in but chances are he 'll act the exact same way . 
  no i want everyone in the nation to have their views represented in policy , having to constantly work around politicians who often refuse to make critical changes for various reasons against the majority will of the people is not democracy , its just a hegemony of a political class wherein our only power is to let them swap seats every few years . 
  eight dead is a pretty tiny number , there were probably less deaths than there would have been just from people deciding to stay indoors from the rain . 
  partly but that is important , other issues are fresh water availability , connections to ports and land transport ease . 
  it 's because people do n't really believe in democracy in the parliamentary sense any longer . 
  nobody really thinks their `` representatives '' will actually reflect their views in office , we 're told it 's such a massive choice and everyone should vote because then it makes them look legitimate , but really in the end of the day the modern centrist politician class just make all the decisions with no concern for us , and though some claim to be right/left they really do n't act very different once they 're in office . 
  i mean i know this discussion will called racist by some but the issue really goes beyond mr turay . 
  yeah do n't get me wrong i 'm not saying the people of britain would pick this toad and his colleagues as leader if they had a real choice but sadly a lot of them would , that 's still almost a quarter of the country that voted tories .
