   no new treaty ever came to effect an international agreement amending other treaties is * still * a treaty . 
  so because we do n't like russia we should support ukraine ? 
  could n't we just not support either ? 
   considering a plane with dozens of their nationals hundreds * this is also why i voted ` no ' , emotional blackmail by using a disaster is pathetic . 
   you ratified amendments to two old treaties * with a treaty * . 
   i expect this ignorance in public but you had enough time to do some quick google to actually learn it . 
  oh piss off . 
   if they were elected , they were relegated the decision making . 
  true , but :  a majority also promised to take the referendum result into account . 
  and :  plus that referendum was a consulting tool from the start , no ? 
  yes , but :  a majority also promised to take the referendum result into account . 
  how anti-democratic of me , wanting the government to do as they promised following a majority vote . 
  he said he 'd take the results into consideration . 
  he 's a lying cretin . 
  lisbon is the same shit with a different cover . 
  `` we have n't ratified the eu constitution , * but we 've ratified a coincidentally similar treaty instead * '', 
  yup . 
  a majority also promised to take the referendum result into account . 
  they lied . 
  besides , it 's irrelevant . 
  if you 're going to allow for referenda , you should also take those you do n't agree with into account . 
  the current trend just shows that is n't happening in our political system . 
  eu parliament , yes . 
   the association is only about open trade and partnership . 
  that 's simply not true . 
   as a reminder , only 32 % of eligible voters did take part in that referendum . 
  which is more than the minimal requirement of 30 % , so it was valid . 
   out of those 32 % who turned out , 61 % voted against . 
  that means the majority of voters voted ` no ' , and thus the parties who promised to take the referendum into account should 've done so , but they did n't . 
   so , only 19 % of all residents in netherlands voted against the association . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  you * can not * account for people who did n't vote . 
  if the minimum requirement is met , and the majority voted ` no ' , it means ` no ' . 
   moreover , the referendum was sponsored by ultraright parties , citing prorussian and very biased bullshit . 
  so , what side you 're on ? 
  and the ` yes ' side was sponsored by americans and other eu countries , spouting ad hominems and calling everyone against the agreement a russophile ( a * very * good way to dissuade ` no ' - voters ) . 
  we do n't feel as if we 're living in a democracy . 
  a majority voted against the lisbon treaty , it got ratified . 
  a majority voted against the association agreement with ukraine , it got ratified . 
  the government constantly defying democracy when it 's about the eu is why far-right parties are constantly gaining more voters . 
  similar percentage to eu elections . 
  no it does n't . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mutual_assured_destruction#official_policy it was n't their official policy , and they 've never confirmed it . 
  they 're probably just french nuclear bases counted as part of nato . 
  french nuclear arsenal is separate from the nato nuclear arsenal iirc . 
  the us denied mad , though . 
  the dots do seem to indicate naval bases in the uk . 
  international : '' * between or among nations ; involving two or more nations : international trade . 
  * '' what a coincidence , the eu involves * two or more nations * !, 
  belgium has two mentions ; queen and pm 's wife . 
   ai n't the dutch the first to open trade in japan nah , that was portugal . 
  we took over from them after the portuguese got kicked out due to being dicks by spreading catholicism . 
  if you take into consideration that the republic had ~ 2 million inhabitants at the time , it was a manpower limitation . 
  i 'm trying to figure out what they should spend more on . 
  if they already have the equipment necessary for the limited manpower they can field , then there 's no problem . 
  no use in having more military equipment than you can actually use . 
  one of the most eurosceptic countries being against further eu integration surprises you ? 
  nah , they use more french terms than us dutchies . 
  dutch spongebob is better than american spongebob , in my opinion . 
  from another post on this sub : http://www.pewglobal.org/2017/02/01/language-the-cornerstone-of-national-identity/, 
   it 's not a matter of being able to speak english . . really ? 
  because you do seem to use that as an argument against using english as the lingua franca in academia . 
   why do n't you just get rid of the dutch language in its whole since everyone can just speak english ? 
  that 's not how this works . 
  we use english in academia due to the vast amount of source material available in english . 
  it used to be the same with latin and french , which english has replaced . 
   usually you learn to speak english to deal with people abroad when you do n't know their language or with people that are in your country and they ca n't speak your language we learn english because it 's a global language which transcends borders . 
  this entire discussion is possible because of that , for instance . 
   i see no reason why certain lessons in a dutch university would be only in english . 
  how often do we have to repeat those reasons before they get through your thick skull ? 
  there are no dutch textbooks for certain fields of research so english is required either way , then why not go the extra mile and hire foreign lecturers with more experience in the field rather than limiting ourselves to a small pool of lecturers ? 
   why should a person that for whatever reasons , does n't speak english or does n't want to speak english , be prevented to attend the said class in his own language in his own country ? 
  because if you ca n't speak english you 're not capable of attending higher level education in the first place . 
  you 're not prevented from doing so because you ca n't speak english , you 're prevented from doing so because you 're not suitable for higher education . 
  we already start dividing children based on performance before high school . 
  the dutch language takes less influence from other languages than german does , actually . 
  higher education in the netherlands has never been in dutch . 
  this mentality does n't apply to most dutch people , though . 
  universities of applied sciences are probably included in this complaint . 
  when i did history teacher education the books were in english . 
  same with oriental languages and communication ; textbooks are in english ( and japanese ) , as are most of the lectures . 
  the people capable of studying at university level all speak english . 
  if you 're not capable of speaking english , you probably have n't been able to reach higher level education either . 
  are n't those just tourists ? 
  and also , fuck hollanders , they 're ruining this country for the rest of us dutch people . 
  / proud gelderlander . 
  where did i say that you 're lazy ? 
  you do , on average , have a lower working life expectancy which is causing issues . 
  i 'm not sure if that has been fixed , and ca n't be sure until the stats even out . 
   why is that ? 
  because you do n't make up for it . 
  the 5,7 years extra for germans means 5,7 fewer years of pensions or other forms of financial aid , and a healthier economy overall . 
  germany does n't make up for it by working more hours a week , but by spreading it more evenly over decades so they do n't have to make up for it . 
  having the greek government encourage companies to lower the amount of working hours , increase the working life , and hire more people would already help a lot , as it would result in less unemployment , a more managable retirement system , and more motivated labourers . 
  germany has a similar retirement age . 
  still , you appear to be working a fewer amount of years , which affects your economy negatively . 
   africans are hard-working as well they really are n't . 
  if you read more closely you can see i 'm not directly blaming you , but other posters on this sub who side with greece instantly and blame germany for everything . 
   at eu level , the gender pay gap is defined as the relative difference in the average gross hourly earnings of women and men within the economy as a whole . 
  source ?
