  is it * that * fucking hard to read my other posts or use common sense ? 
  [ do i have to keep linking this ? ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conscription ), 
  grenades tend to kill people , yes . 
  besides ; it adds to my argument . 
  why defend the people throwing grenades at you ? 
  surely you would n't forfeit your life for them in such a situation . 
   how many dutchmen died ? 
  2 deaths , 4 wounded . 
   polish soldiers do n't surrender when it gets hot . 
  ca n't surrender when not deployed ; ca n't argue with that logic . 
   you do n't know whether the serbs were willing to engage the un troops . 
  they were already doing that . 
   and if they were , the dutch could surrender when the situation turned out hopeless . 
  the situation was hopeless ; they surrendered . 
   it does n't mean anything as long as you 're not willing to use any of that potential . 
  poland deploys far less of its military internationally than the netherlands . 
   you do n't know what would happen if they did n't hand them over continue invading further while also killing dutchbat soldiers ? 
  it seems pretty clear to me that would 've happened . 
   taking a risk is a part of being a soldier and if one ca n't handle that , he should not take such career path . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conscription  the excuses you put forward are utterly pathetic and what 's worse debunk them . 
  have a go at them . 
   if this attitude is as prevalent as it seems to be among your people , your country being a nato member is a joke . 
  dutchbat was n't a nato mission . 
  besides , the us entrusts us with nukes . 
   your forces are useless in an international context . 
  the royal netherlands navy and air force outclass the polish ones ... 
  i do n't see your point . 
  plus , the royal netherlands navy is geared towards international deployment and amphibious landings . 
  it 's all the same war to us . 
  nato also carried out bombings in 1995 . 
  no one . 
  closest i can think of are the provincial states , but they do n't decide on issues like this . 
  we do n't have voting districts . 
  votes go to parliament directly . 
  we can , but there 's no such thing as a * local representative * . 
   okay , common sense says yes . 
  should n't have joined the eu , then . 
   hurr durr i have a piece of paper that says no . 
  a binding agreement signed by the polish government representing poland as a whole . 
  i know you guys suck at keeping agreements , but come on . 
   yeah paper no stoppey bullets . 
  i 'd like to see that . 
  germany vs poland round 3 . 
   address the content of what i 've said rather than just lobbing insults . 
  i 'm not adressing an attempt to deflect . 
  yes , saudi arabia sucks , but is also * completely fucking irrelevant in this discussion * . 
  `` saudi arabia is bad , so we 're allowed to spit in the face of 13 year olds and have the police do fuck all about it '' is n't an argument . 
   address the content of what i 've said rather than just lobbing insults . 
  oh please , as if your posts do n't contain thinly veiled insults all over the place . 
   and seriously , read the argument link . 
  you need it , quickly , quickly !, 
  says you . 
   no point in debating if you are not gon na trust the media , the teacher who led the group , and the police . 
  or , hear me out , wait until more reputable media reports on it , rather than trust the media of a country whose government is known to desire a loyal , uncritical media . 
   unless , they say something the government does n't like , then off to the 6x8 cage you go , where you will most likely get raped . 
  proof ? 
   legalized killing of babies , that disproportionately kills black babies ? 
  eugenics is not something to be proud of . 
  false equivalance * and * reductio ad absurdum ? 
  you need a lesson in composing arguments , and you need it quick . 
  oh , also a good example of an idiot listening to a book written in a span of two millenia . 
   ca n't , i am not a country . 
  of course you 're not . 
  i was referring to poland , unless you 're not polish but from a different country of degenerates . 
   otherwise i would just point a gun at you right now , take 50 % of your income , and maybe invade and kill a bunch of brown people later in the day , if i feel like it . 
  my guess is american . 
  also checked if you frequent t_d . 
  unsurprisingly , you do . 
   still not an argument . 
  it was n't intended to be one . 
   insulting people instead of making arguments , is not something to be proud of . 
  some people ca n't be argued with , unfortunately . 
   it 's an indication of low iq and lack of critical thought . 
  proof ? 
  because all the non-arguments you used provide greater proof of a low iq than merely calling you pathetic would . 
  that 's not how our country works . 
  that 's not how our democracy works at all . 
  maybe petition the un to implement that ? 
  they ask the dutch government to provide troops quite often . 
  not our freedom ; not our sacrifice to make . 
  they would 've died along with the civilians if they fought ; they 'd die needlessly . 
   if you 're going to disarm the locals as per un directive . 
   and declare the area a safe zone as per un directive . 
   what else would you expect ? 
  for soldiers on a peacekeeping mission not to die needlessly . 
  they were there to protect civilians , not to further the political goals of the groups fighting there . 
   sure , any country has the right to deny entry to anyone for any reason at all . 
  schengen says no . 
  this also goes further than just denying entry . 
   pick one . 
  it was a very clear attempt to deflect . 
   proven fake hate crime . 
  proof ? 
  i do n't trust polish media now pis is in power . 
   okay , replace saudi arabia with germany , blasphemy with hate speech and stoning with going to jail . 
  better treatment towards lgbt people ? 
  legal abortion ? 
  sure , compare yourself with germany . 
  you 're not getting off scot-free from that one .
