  when `` cheering '' on willem-alexander , or any other king or queen , they 're technically cheering on their country , as the head of state represents the state . 
  it 's more a form of nationalism than celebrity worship . 
   when on top of that i read some shit like '' the king of the netherlands flew a plane as co-pilot on weekends '' and people act like its a big deal , i just get a little mad . 
  people are n't making this out as if it 's a big deal . 
  they 're remarking on how `` normal '' this is for a man in his position . 
  keep in mind that willem-alexander is seen as a rather casual lad who does n't seem to mind informalities at all . 
   that is the fucking job of some people , they do it for a living , and he does it on two weekends a month as a form of entertaining himself because he got nothing better to do . 
  he 's not allowed a hobby because he 's a king ? 
  i would n't actually mind if someone in a higher position than myself would show an interest in my occupation . 
  heck , i 'd gladly show them the ropes if they like . 
   am i supposed to be impressed no , you 're free to decide that for yourself . 
  there is no need to berate others with a different opinion , though . 
   if it was at least some hard work he 's king . 
  that qualifies as a hard , or at least exhausing , job . 
  who hurt you ? 
  i was talking about kingship , you start ranting about events he participated in during his time as a prince . 
  the position of a prince and a king is not the same , you know . 
   all i read is : when he was younger he was even more privileged than now , since he was still mega rich but did n't have as much notoriety or king 's duties . 
  you should work on your reading comprehension , because all that was written is `` when he was a prince '' . 
  `` upper middle class '' is such a buzzword . 
  bill gates is `` upper middle class '' by american standards nowadays . 
   but they still have to get elected not every country directly elects its president , actually . 
  your country included . 
  besides , the house of orange-nassau is directly responsible for dutch independence , so i 'd consider them more qualified than any elected head of state . 
   security presidents do n't get that ? 
   a 737 a * government * plane . 
  not exclusive to the royal family at all . 
   it 's a tradition , i get it , but it 's a tad silly . 
  most traditions are , should we get rid of those as well ? 
  spot on . 
  i 'm from a `` catholic '' family , but i was never baptised because my parents do n't consider themselves religious . 
  our secularisation coincides with the babyboom of the 50 's , no ? 
  culturally we 're calvinist , for sure . 
  religiously not so much . 
   he 's had enoug time to run marathons , get a pilot 's license , ice skate 200km . 
  when he was a prince . 
   the application requirement is being born . 
  most presidents are also born quite wealthy . 
   getting millions in taxpayer 's money a lot of that is used to keep the palaces renovated , which we 'd do without a royal family anyway . 
  could we leave wallonia and brussel out of this deal ? 
  i 'm not too fond of that part of your country . 
  more . 
  presidents usually have term limits and only tend to work during office hours . 
  kings/queens do not . 
  actually , no . 
  most of the population is non-religious , with catholics as the largest religious group . 
  we * used * to be predominantly calvinist , but catholics kept having more kids and surpassed them . 
  you could argue he has to do it in order to keep his pilot 's license . 
  that , and being king is a full-time occupation by itself . 
  hertog jan , grolsch , brand , alfa , etc. 
  are pretty good though . 
  they 're not trappist level ( we have la trappe for that ) , but they 're certainly not worse than jupiler . 
  belgium is n't too hard to beat , we do that in most rankings already . 
   shake down greece having greece pay the debts they incurred themselves ? 
  scandalous !, 
  this is n't actually that meaningful . 
  the research is shoddy at best . 
   with grandiose statements about free healthcare good . 
  nuke ` eigen risico ' from orbit , the current implementation of it is just a fine for people with a chronic illness . 
  not anymore . 
  we 're strongly influenced by calvinist morals and ethics , though . 
  new members ca n't opt out of the euro , as far as i know . 
   a large portion of students is projected not be able to pay this amount back , and their debts will be acquitted under the current student loan regulations . 
  this is me . 
   universal healthcare , maternal leave and so on are all given , as are abortion rights , recognition of climate change , secular society and so on . 
  the dutch vvd does n't seem to support the healthcare , maternal leave , and climate change topics , though . 
   and have a five figure student loan debt . 
  nearly there ... 
  with a better social policy than the younger generation is getting . 
  good luck buying a house or any property . 
   only in the group of people older than 65 the median is above 100k . 
  and they still bitch and moan about being victims . 
  refugees are also migrants . 
  * anyone * who travels from his current homecountry in order to live in another country , regardless of reason , is a migrant . 
   show me some of this ngo 's there are plenty of articles depicting ngo 's as a ferry service from the libyan coast . 
  i 'm ` anti-helping people flee from poor shitholes ' . 
  we ca n't accomodate the entirety of africa , as much as some ngo 's would like to believe . 
  they ca n't do that , though . 
  they did n't , and do n't , have the military or industrial power to do so . 
  if they could , they would . 
  i 'm opposed to mass immigration , that does n't mean i 'd vote for a batshit insane political party with stopping immigration as its only policy . 
  they do n't even explain how they would do it 90 % of the time . 
  do n't conflate ` anti-eu ' , and ` anti-mass immigration ' . 
  that 's not a separate language , but a dialect . 
  and if we start noting down dialects , you would n't be able to see the netherlands anymore , as it 'd be covered in a pile of dialect names . 
  yes , unfortunately . 
  yes . 
  rip net neutrality . 
  they 're the ones screwing people in need . 
  they 're also the most corrupt party . 
  $ 385 * and i can confirm that this system is bollocks when it comes to people with chronic illnesses , as someone with chronic illnesses . 
  fuck the vvd . 
  my regular health insurance card is also an ehic , apparently . 
  not in the netherlands . 
  we do n't like paying a monthly fee and then have some leeches use it for free . 
  then why would you say he is n't too protestantic if he is n't protestant at all ? 
  he 's considered too catholic by dutch officials , by the way . 
  drinking wine during meetings and such . 
   his mentality isnt too protestantic for southern europe either he 's from a catholic country , why would he be `` too '' protestantic ? 
  you underestimate both the stupidity of humanity * and * how widespread rags such as the dailymail are .
