  there is , just dead tired and cranky . 
  romania is n't much bigger than the netherlands . 
  17 million people vs 19 million people . 
  lectures from 8.45 to 18.00 for me . 
  rip . 
  only because the uk told them to piss off . 
  turkish news is reporting that the netherlands is being condemned by the rest of the world . 
  such as tunisia , mauritania and ... 
  i forgot , sorry . 
  tbf , france * did * try to annex most of modern belgium afterwards . 
  depends on the level of high school . 
  vmbo does have german ( and english ) i believe , but i 'm not 100 % sure on the specifics . 
  havo has german , french , and english as compulsory subjects for the first 3 ( of the 5 ) years . 
  vwo is similar to havo , i believe , with the additional choice of greek/latin . 
  the army pulled out to regroup in `` the first round '' . 
  [ the dutch beat the belgians in the ten days ' campaign , but belgians called in help from the french because they were too chicken to fight ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ten_days%27_campaign ) . 
  two can play that game . 
   presumably the dutch only learn english . 
  i still suffer from ptsd caused by german and french class . 
  do n't tell any dutch person that they 've only had english education . 
  we lost to the french army , the belgian one was crushed within a week . 
  that only seems to be true for english royalty . 
  i ca n't find other paintings with other members holding oranges . 
  the mayor of rotterdam made a statement to the nos : http://nos.nl/video/2162699-aboutaleb-we-zijn-misleid.html he 's saying that the consul-general lied by saying that there would n't be a gathering , and that they were misled by decoy convoys making it harder to track her . 
  furthermore , they entered the netherlands illegally , and possibly armed . 
  i think they are . 
  they could n't get it to catch fire before dousing it in a flammable liquid . 
  we 're there already ? 
  the dutch word for the fruit ` orange ' is ` sinaasappel ' , the colour ` orange ' is ` oranje ' . 
  you 're forgetting the moluccans . 
  maybe those two could stop fighting eachother and fight turks instead , for a change . 
  not anymore , it 's our flower now . 
  some might not even have been born in turkey . 
  i 'm aware . 
  hey man , you 're free to host hate-spewing turkish ministers , but i 'd rather not have them in my country . 
  we have * way * more parties in parliament . 
  we average 3.5 parties in government . 
  we were n't involved . 
  that 's what makes the statement so odd . 
  we even had an awkward alliance thing with the ottomans against spain . 
  fvd ( forum voor democratie ) is lead by the self-proclaimed `` most important intellectual of the netherlands '' with many of the same ideas as the pvv . 
  so maybe that one . 
  yes , but not comparable to the uk/scotland situation . 
   a quick google search found this according to the article :  data - update 29-7 11 uur : de kop was oorspronkelijk `` geert wilders koopt nepvolgers op twitter '' . 
  so no , they ca n't prove he 's * using * fake accounts , just that a lot of them are following him . 
   kinda weird that jan roos has never had this kind of critique jan roos gets plenty of shit flung at him . 
   and while i agree that powned is a joke and should not be taken seriously , they definetely are taken seriously . 
  not by denk 's demographic . 
   considering most people get their information from the internet and not from television . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  you and i may fall in that category , but there are a lot of old people in this country that do n't rely on the internet . 
   geert wilders has been using bought ` likes ' ( fake accounts ? ), 
  for years i have n't found proof of that anywhere , could you perhaps provide some ? 
   never been an issue for anyone has it ? 
  it would be , if true . 
   some media is definetely against denk . 
  some media , yes . 
  but denk alleges that the media , as a collective , is against them . 
  they 've framed nrc , a respectable newspaper , for conspiring against denk because they reported on the fake accounts . 
   powned for example , they have played a huge part in framing denk . 
  powned is a joke and should on no account be taken seriously . 
  it is n't broadcasted on tv anymore either , so its influence should be reduced . 
  not true . 
  westminster still has power within scotland , the dutch parliament does not have much power in the dutch caribean , aside from special municipalities . 
  the dutch parliament can only overrule parliaments within the dutch caribean in * extreme * cases . 
  `` the media is against us ! '', 
  `` the state does n't want us to participate ! '', 
  `` okay , so we used fake social media accounts to influence people , but we 're not the only ones '' they belong in the loony bin . 
  ah , you believe their bullshit . 
  aruba , cura\u00e7ao , and sint maarten essentially have glorified devolved parliaments . 
  they 're still part of the sovereign state ; the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  that 's just them having a different concept of `` strangers '' . 
  my real neighbours are strangers to me . 
   american 's are nicer and will talk too just about anyone on just about anything sounds like hell . 
   as flanders is politically and economically waay stronger than the netherlands errr ... 
  low franconian is there because dutch is an official language of the eu . . 
  i do n't see how colonialism or regular conquest should be any different ? 
  they conquered those cities and retained control of them , end of argument . 
  it 's not like spain is planting down plantations and importing slaves to work on them . 
   was n't the sovereign land there formed directly from the treaty of utrecht , the same treaty that made gibraltar into british territory that the spanish are disputing today ? 
  the current kingdom of the netherlands was founded in 1813/1815 ( incl . 
  luxembourg in personal union ) , it was preceded by a period of french annexation , the kingdom of holland ( puppet state of france ) , batavian republic ( puppet state of france ) , and the dutch republic . 
  the dutch republic was officially recognised as a country during the peace of m\u00fcnster in 1648 ( putting an end to the eighty years ' war ) but the dutch regard the writing of the `` plakkaat van verlatinghe '' ( act of abjuration , 1581 ) as their founding document , even if they had already declared independence in 1568 . 
  but before that they were a collective of duchies and counties and whatnot pooled together as the `` burgundian netherlands '' and , later , the `` habsburg netherlands '' , as part of the holy roman empire . 
  so yeah , if you can go back far enough you could stake that claim , same as what you 're doing with ceuta and melilla , which never have been part of morroco . 
  edit : you 're thinking of the union of utrecht , which is very different from the treaty of utrecht . 
  by your logic ; belgium , france , luxembourg , and germany are all possessing lands that should be part of the netherlands as the successor state to the low countries/habsburg netherlands . 
  they never inherited ceuta and melilla . 
  they were spanish before morocco existed . 
  netherlands was higher by 1 % last i checked , so it does n't really matter . 
  german * germanic and german are n't the same thing . 
  while anti-british sentiment is petty , liking certain forms of entertainment stemming from a certain country does n't mean you like that country in question . 
  i * loathe * the us for their inequality , incompetent politics , and their self-proclaimed `` force for good '' world police , but i still like some of the music and movies produced in the us . 
  it 's not his real name . 
  china 's trying that with the south china sea . 
  not in 1903 , surely ? 
  portugal was slowly pushed into irrelevance with the rise of the dutch empire and the later british empire . 
  perfect . 
  egalitarian = / = feminist nowadays . 
  french is n't frankish .
