  nah , it should take into account if the person has the same or similar ideologies as a group that is actively killing anyone who disagrees with them when said person decides to fotoshop someone 's head on previously mentioned group 's victims while also taking into account that the previously mentioned person is a convicted murderer . 
   such a war would almost certainly still have happened i do n't blame the wits for the rampjaar , what they did do wrong was the lack of military spending causing the french to just waltz in unopposed . 
   so it 's all about the religion of the photoshopper ? 
  it plays a part . 
  it also does n't help that he 's a convicted murderer . 
  a muslim shopped the head of the king onto victims of a radical muslim terrorist group . 
  l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 was the only surefire way to get the cunt locked up ( other offenses could 've been used , but with a lower chance of success ) . 
   ( a ceremonial president ) what 's even the point of that ? 
  remove the ceremonial king to appoint a ceremonial president ? 
   switzerland changing the political climate to the one of switzerland would n't work in the netherlands . 
   in fact the republic was at its height of power during the stadtholderless period . 
  not really . 
  both stadtholderless periods nearly ended the existence of the republic . 
   also , the stadtholders were n't actually always from the orange-nassau family . 
  they were 90 % of the time . 
   plus the stadtholder did n't actually `` rule '' the republic moreso than the king currently does . 
   the stadtholder 's power was very limited except in times of war . 
  unless the stadtholder won the power struggle and offed opposing politicians like maurice did . 
  it was said the buk missile was of russian make ( and thus not soviet , the ones ukraine has ) . 
  russia bought facebook ads targeting dutch youth with their conspiracy theories . 
  it 's maddening . 
  the republic ruled by stadtholders of the house of orange-nassau ? 
  that one ? 
  represent the state as head of state . 
  receiving foreign dignitaries , visiting other countries , master of the ceremony for many events , etc. 
  many members of the royal family also act as diplomats . 
  he could be , yes . 
  looking at the political climate , most presidents are considered `` better '' than others just because they came out of a particular cunt which had access to more money than others . 
   why is n't it ? 
  why would it be ? 
  how is directly electing politicians better ? 
  why not just keep the system where you vote for the political party matching your personal beliefs and keep individual popularity contests at an arm 's length ? 
   so you are saying that dutch culture is perfect no , but dutch culture revolving around politics is a lot better than whatever the us and uk are doing with their shouting , screaming , and fist fights in parliament . 
   like there are no other cultural upbringings for a human that could be even better ? 
  i 'm sure there are , but popularity contests concerning politics is n't one of them . 
   a lot of americans are ignorant and vote against their self interests . 
  that is why rich people have it so good while the poor do n't . 
  so the american presidential system is a joke , does n't work , and is also less democratic than the constitutional monarchy in which i live . 
  you yourself just said that democracy was failing , by the way . 
   i do n't see the problem of electing individuals if it is beneficial . 
  but it 's not . 
   also if your culture is interfering with somthing that could make your society even better it would n't . 
   i thought presidents were chosen based on the perception of the people who is more competent or not . 
  i do n't see why that would be a dick measuring contest , see : us presidential elections . 
  we do not have a culture of electing individuals . 
  there is no level of government where politicians are directly elected by the populace , not mayors , not members of the parliament , nobody is . 
  to suddenly have a dick-measuring contest on who would be the best president would just result in political turmoil . 
  i do n't mind . 
  whatever people say in this thread ; he 's a good king and head of state and caused no political discourse whereas sarkozy and hollande are fucking up constantly . 
  combine this with the fact that the house of orange-nassau is directly responsible for founding the dutch state , i think they 're in a good position . 
  i 'm saying that the kingdom of the netherlands , in its current state , is better off having a king as head of state rather than a president . 
  and before you go off on a rant about democracy , a slew of european presidents are n't democratically elected ( the italian president , for instance ) . 
  i do n't . 
  imagine being like france and having hollande or sarkozy as head of state . 
  or italy and berlusconi , that 's a fun one too . 
  a muslim shopping the king onto pictures of people being executed by radical muslim terrorists does n't go over well , no . 
   libel , hate speech , threats , etc. 
  that 's included in l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 , it 's just punished more heavily because you 're doing it to the king . 
  that 's just unproven speculation . 
   also , he is a 4th generation bastard . 
  uh , he 's not . 
  he 's a direct descendant of king willem i. 
   overpriced mascot . 
  cheaper than the french president . 
  and i 'd rather have our king as head of state than whatever france seems to give presidency to every couple of years . 
   he also manipulated a photograph of an is execution and replaced the heads of the victims with that of willem-alexander i mean ... 
  i understand why he was prosecuted . 
  that , and she never actually said that . 
  no , you just happen to have more . 
  does n't france have the highest percentage of black people of any european country ? 
  black people and muslims ? 
   it 's soooo easy to paint the us as this evil backwards country while completely ignoring the powers that be within your own continent . 
  or i 'm simply limiting myself to the countries mentioned in the article ? 
  anyone can deflect blame to other parties , but if they 're not directly referenced in the article it just comes over as pitiful . 
  for shame poland , you should take the us as a great example to work toward . 
  their secret courts , cia blacksites , and constant nsa snooping are the pillars of a free and democratic society !, 
  look up the friet/patat border , it 's not where you think it is . 
   the dutch say patat you really need to learn where that border resides . 
   the netherlands , denmark , and luxemburg are kinda what we aspire to be . 
  does n't match up with :  nothing bad to say about belgium . 
  we talk shit about belgium * all the time * . 
  economic apocalypse . 
  everyone ( except belgium ) wanted a wwi at first . 
  portugal would be a wreck if not for the eu , though . 
   today it is said that every human on this planet excepting sub-saharan africans , their ancestors never met neanderthals . 
   i really feel these people 's hardships and i am a strong supporter of a marshall plan like thing for africa . 
  we 've spent * way * more on development aid in africa than ever was loaned to europe with the marshall plan , it 's still shite . 
   1861 that 's new . 
  italy is far too new to have historic `` italian '' leaders . 
  rutte is * that * influential ? 
   do you know why buildings like these are n't being built nowadays . 
  because it 's stupidly expensive . 
  do remember that most of these houses were built during a time where the dutch navy reigned supreme and the republic enjoyed a golden age . 
  to be honest , it 's better than tip-toeing around the issues . 
  we do ? 
  i mean , sex ed involved a magazine of sorts with stories about how teen girls masturbated with showerheads and how safe sex works ( both gay and straight ) , but no real porn . 
  nah , my parents ' divorce was settled quicker than this . 
  i mean , there 's still death threats going back and forth , but the official business has been dealt with rather quickly . 
  the belgian navy is under dutch command . 
  that 's pretty much the dutch version of tolerance .
