   why is the european asylum system supporting this abuse ? 
  because eritreans are automatically accepted as refugees due to their country 's government being almost worse than north korea . 
  the vote already passed , not much you can do against it . 
  poland voted in favour , too . 
  there 's no other way to watch it . 
  would n't he be proud of it ? 
  mein kampf was a bestseller in turkey last i checked . 
  oh , so that 's the kind of people migrating here . 
  i get it now . 
  your disgusting sprudelwasser is unavoidable in germany . 
  that site is weird . 
  should n't dutch be closer to german since we do the same thing in dutch as they do in german ; mash words together into a longer word . 
  uh , more countries than just france and germany could make that claim . 
  maybe look at the places where frankish languages still exist . 
  ethnically he was closer to whatever lived in the present-time netherlands , though . 
  unless you want some of the biggest economies to tank ; probably not . 
  reformed into capitalist ? 
  building housing is a * lot * less attractive if you can build hotels for tourists instead  remaining housing prices shoot through the roof . 
  and airbnb . 
  china is hardly communist . 
   they are in the form of tax revenue . 
  tourists -  pay tourism industry wages -  which leads to revenue for local community in the form of taxes and fees on hotels and restaurants -  less money needed form locals to prop up local government . 
  \\  artificially increased rent  artificially increased cost of living  less and less people are part of the `` local community '' . 
   surely a vibrant tourism industry does not benefit the fiscal situation for the average resident of that fine port !, 
  it does n't . 
  it just increases rent and artificially inflates cost of living because companies are trying to rip off tourists . 
   additional pipelines = additional delivery capacity over what exists now increased capacity does n't mean increased gasflow . 
  they * can * , but that 's not what 's happening . 
  what 's happening is that ukraine keeps stealing gas meant for the german market , and that russia keeps threathening to cut the gasflow because of what ukraine is doing . 
  ns2 circumvents that , making germany able to directly deal with russia . 
  though it has to be said that germany first tried to reroute it through the baltics and poland , but they refused because they 're friendly with ukraine . 
   and that germans apparently feel no shame in increasing their dependence on russian gas rerouting the gasflow = / = increasing dependence . 
   when they willingly do n't report on the migrant crisis uh , they do . 
  you 're flat-out wrong on this one . 
  just dispute it like the russians do . 
  you do n't want them , you really do n't . 
  they are . 
  they closed down a lot of brothels in the red light district and are imposing stricter laws on coffeeshops . 
  then what is the new west ? 
  the same west as before but just with all of germany instead of half ? 
  that 's not much different . 
   we have eastern europe in the eu i love how you 're trying to convince me that there is no ` west ' , but it 's still eastern europe . 
   what about the millions of people who were born and raised in the ddr ? 
  they live in a western country now . 
  they 're not getting the money , though . 
  west . 
  the current germany is a continuation of west-germany , after all . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  people in amsterdam do n't like them . 
  the city is n't marketing that , though . 
  we already can , to an extent . 
  the svalbard treaty gives the countries most affected by the uk 's decision to bar foreign fishing in their waters an alternative ; fish around svalbard instead . 
   this is probably what they want . 
  they 'll just become another ex-soviet backwater , then . 
  sitting on paper money is less uncomfortable . 
  in the netherlands the lower house had to be moved because the previous chamber could n't hold the amount of required seats . 
  the upper house remained the same size , basically . 
  i 'm emigrating . 
  fuck this . 
  want vvd . 
  because i explain how germany could do it i 'm now castro ? 
   do n't forget that estonia is 10s of years ahead of pretty much everyone else when it comes to digitalization . 
  digitalisation , maybe . 
  actual technological expertise ? 
  hungary did n't sign the refugee relocation agreement ( poland did ) , but they still signed up for the eu and agreed that they could be democratically overruled . 
  which happened . 
  it sucks , but it 's what they signed up for . 
  or just follow the agreements you signed . 
  you know these sanctions are in response to certain countries not following agreements they signed themselves , right ? 
  force their ideology down everyone 's throat . 
  fine them . 
  if they refuse seize all the assets they can and block them . 
  the same way the eu is fining google . 
  marriage has been around * much * longer than civil unions . 
  people would 've still demanded same-sex marriage , because they 'd want to be acknowledged as a married couple , not a civil unioned couple . 
  civil union would never become synonymous with marriage . 
   though it 's disputable whether or not the netherlands could make the same claim ) how so ? 
  we only have some caribbean islands . 
  unless some of them are part of north america and others south america , i 'm not sure how we 'd be a three-continent country . 
  or , hear me out , you could just let them marry . 
   they are already becoming europe 's `` right '' as opposed to the more liberal politics across the continent . 
  are you confusing american politics and european politics ? 
  a lot of western europe has a conservative-liberal government in power . 
  what you mean to say is that western europe is just a lot less racist than eastern europe . 
  uh , you do n't force your ideology down anyone 's throat ? 
  * have you even noticed what pis is doing ? 
  internationally they 're recognised as `` refugees '' . 
  the eu does n't call them that so member states can deny them work . 
  eu-wide adoption of linux would n't really make it obscure anymore . 
   vote . 
  this is an extremely bad thing to do online . 
   ar n't ... ar n't french companies fracking the shit out of francafrique as we speak ? 
  yes . 
   and ... did n't your country give us fucking royal dutch shell of things ? 
  kind of , it 's an anglo-dutch company . 
  but they 're not dicking over france for tiny amounts of natural gas and are now actually trying to transition into renewable energy . 
   not to mention that whole tax haven thing ... 
  need to have something to compete with the bigger countries in the eu . 
  besides , highest per capita net contributor to the eu . 
  https://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefing-paper/4.24 not quite .
