  removing the monarchy would go * against * the will of the people . 
  we have other nobility , though . 
   the tricolor was a symbol of republicanism , and i bet they all showed up when the monarchies were falling . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince%27s_flag https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_the_netherlands older than any tricolour flag currently in use . 
  a russian demanding a vote ? 
   do they generate revenue ? 
  king 's day generates a tonne of revenue . 
   they are not related by a direct line how so ? 
  a republic with the house of orange-nassau as its uncrowned rulers ? 
  sure , why not . 
   america has 42 % the population has . 
  germany ( the second most populous nation in europe ) has 24 % the population europe does . 
  that still does n't make the us vs europe comparable . 
   very unbiased opinion / s. 
  trump is objectively an idiot . 
   source ? 
  observation . 
  paying a higher percentage in taxes does n't matter because you 're still earning more in total figures . 
   the money will still arrive at the lower class . 
  we 're back to trickle-down-economics soon . 
   if you can provide a fact that every american is ignorant then it 's not a blanket statement that 's not what i said , though . 
  i said americans seem to have it in spades . 
  and americans are , in general , more ignorant . 
  just look at what you guys elected into office . 
   no , because america is easily compared to europe as a continent . 
  in both size and population . 
  probably . 
  population ? 
  no way , europe 's 742 million vs the us ' 324 million is comparable to you ? 
   and it 's not a blanket statement if that 's the case , my comment about americans and ignorance is n't a blanket statement either . 
   in general , america has more economic freedom than europe * because you 're comparing a country to a continent * , do n't you see how incredibly ignorant that is ? 
   that 's quite a blanket statement . 
  you claim that the us is better than europe in terms of economic freedom . 
  that is n't a blanket statement ? 
   you considered that ignorance yes , because it 's wrong . 
  14 european countries are equivalent or have more economic freedom than the us . 
  deciding that the us is `` better '' than europe due to 21 countries having a lower economic freedom is ignorant . 
   do you just go around targeting people for liking america or do you just hate americans in general ? 
  i hate ignorance . 
  americans have it in spades , evidently . 
  so how is america ahead of europe ? 
  you 're saying that as if europe is a single entity , which it is not . 
  why do people keep voting for those parties ? 
  employee wages are n't growing while the economy is growing , employer wages have shot through the roof , and housing is unaffordable . 
  i just do n't understand . 
  i see at least 11 european countries with the same colour as the us . 
  another 3 are an even darker colour . 
  f-16 is n't a lockheed martin plane . 
  it 's general dynamics . 
   i mean be honest and see where the union is heading ; be honest and admit you know nothing . 
   sure today the european nation states still have some sovereign power left but everything points to the fact that the federalists who have always dominated the elite will push forward their dream of a federalized europe and the end of the nation state . 
  and everything points to the fact that a slew of eu countries oppose this and will continue doing so . 
  the eu is not russia , and will not forcefully annex disagreeing states . 
   you may deny this but i do n't see any other way forward , you 're russian . 
  you do n't understand europe as per your own argument . 
   they view the nation state at something backward who are `` they '' ? 
  eu politicians ? 
  because quite a few of them do n't want federalisation either . 
   the long term goal of the european union is to end the nation state . 
  am i going to have to repeat myself ? 
  this is * not * the goal of the eu . 
   you 've already given up most of the important powers a state have no we have n't . 
   power over your border , economy . 
  we have n't given up sovereignty over our economy . 
  we have a common currency and act as a single market , but those do n't equate to the economy . 
  if we handed over power over the economy there would n't be such a disparity in wealth within the eu . 
   that is why europeans ca n't understand russia i mean , you 're pretty bad at understanding the eu . 
  that 's not what you said . 
  you said we wanted to stop being sovereign nation states , which quite a few countries in the eu do n't want . 
  yes we 've handed over * some * powers , not our entire sovereignty . 
   you are not nationalists and want to end the sovereign nation states you evidently know nothing about europe . 
  why a french cannon ? 
  rheinmetall cannons are used on most mbt 's nowadays . 
  look up what herd immunity is . 
  you 're absolutely obliged to * at least * get yourself vaccinated so you do n't bring the lives of others in peril . 
   vaccines are not mandatory in sweden same in the netherlands , and our bible belt is classified as a health hazard due to this . 
  this makes me wonder what 's causing it . 
  yes . 
  the show 's not british at all , though . 
  it 's dutch/german/japanese . 
  i 've not have had much issues with this `` sunday trade ban '' until i moved to maastricht . 
  nijmegen only seems to open the stores later ; but keeps them open until normal closing times . 
  maastricht opens them later and closes them earlier . 
  or americans . 
  they 're quite bad at finding themselves on maps and recognising cities . 
  john money died in 2006 . 
   thats a thing that happens ? 
  never go full islam . 
   are eu citizens treated the same as immigrants ? 
  not quite . 
  there is some moaning about polish migrants and romanian beggars ( most likely roma ) , but western-european migrants wo n't be frowned upon . 
  honestly , i do n't mind immigrants if they pay their fair share and integrate well . 
  i will hate their guts if they refuse to integrate and somehow think it 's a good idea to oppress women and abuse gays all the while living off the state , though . 
  49 % immigrant . 
   tho i take it immigrants are not very welcome in the netherlands ? 
  we have housing issues . 
  the current situation where refugees get to be in front of the line for social housing when others have been waiting for possibly decades is n't looked upon favourably , no . 
  statistics say it is . 
  could be the high percentage of immigrants , could be because it 's a more modern city ( almere has similar issues ) . 
  also why rome burned so well .
