  i really would n't trust the imf on this one . 
  i 'm not sure how greece 's corruption and incompetence is germany 's fault , but sure . 
  i swear to god , spaniards are one of the larger minorities in maastricht . 
  maybe even 2nd , behind the chinese . 
  southern europe has them because large parts were once ruled by muslim empires . 
  southern europe spreads it to south america . 
  not sure about non-muslim asia though . 
  i had that one , but gave it away because i 'm never the bob . 
  those words do n't sound alike , just fyi . 
  citizenship depends on the citizenship of the parents . 
   from what i can see , dutch grammar seems to be a tad more simple than the german one not really . 
  german grammar is clearer , dutch grammar has exceptions within exceptions . 
  the ns is a state-owned private company , yeah . 
  those countries are co-developers , yes . 
  they 'll also get a kickback from every f-35 bought by other countries ( such as germany ) . 
  more specialised ifv 's , basically . 
  the ns is state-owned and prorail was recently turned into a government agency again ( due to incompetence ) . 
  maybe you should n't waste all of your tax on roadside lighting ? 
  you have the same fishsticks as in dutch supermarkets so stop pretending to be a victim . 
   eu actually has the duty . 
  it has the duty to care about everyone the same . 
  uh , it does n't have the duty to force corporations to sell the same quality product everywhere . 
  uhm , this is n't a problem exclusive to the east , but okay . 
  uh , ever been to maastricht ? 
  seek help . 
  romania 's educaton system could use some work , i see . 
  soros is pretty skeptical about how israel deals with certain matters , yes . 
  unfortunately for them , they ca n't throw soros under the anti-semite bus as they do with most people . 
  i had one . 
  deposited it at the bank though . 
  standard of living there is shit . 
  the netherlands just has them separate . 
  no need to use your real id for your electronic id . 
  i mean , is n't it just a case of comparing archduke with prince ? 
  most modern monarchies also have multiple princes , heir apparent included . 
  except making it affordable . 
  germany is doing fuck all in that regard , as are most nations . 
  it was called that . 
  uhm , a lot of countries already have that . 
  russia would be very happy to destabilise the eu through italy , especially if the echr provides them the means to do so . 
  that 's not how that works . 
  you have to pay the fines * and * reverse the decision to block ngo ships . 
  you 're capable of reading , right ? 
  he 's not talking about the refugee quotas ( which poland voted in favour of ) , he 's talking about frontex . 
  i think the nos is just reporting what reliable sources report . 
  every source pointing to the 2 million mentioned in this thread does n't seem to be very reliable , or is vague at best . 
  eh , nos is probably more reliable than most media . 
   i would say that similarity with the native language also matters a lot . 
  that falls apart when you compare english fluency in finland and germany . 
  that 's anecdotal evidence . 
  if you 're able to have conversations with your japanese friends it means they 're able to speak english . 
  you 're not going to make friends with someone who does n't speak english . 
  weaboo japanese is horrid . 
  i 'm studying japanese at uni and we have weebs coming in saying they speak japanese incredibly well . 
  they do not . 
  as if they know what 's being said in the lyrics . 
  i know i did n't when i was younger and did n't speak english all that well . 
   as are american tv shows - online streaming services rarely dub those . 
  online streaming services with just english content are n't doing well . 
  you * need * japanese content on those services for it to be popular , suggesting that the english/american tv shows are n't as popular as you claim . 
   english media is just as prevalent in japan no it is n't . 
  movies are dubbed in japanese and children 's shows are all in japanese . 
  the japanese education system is n't all that good . 
  it 's mostly focused on achieving high grades , not about actually learning anything . 
  besides , english fluency is largely based on the size of english media present in the country . 
  it 's why scandinavia and the netherlands score so high . 
  that 's the ijsselmeer , it 's on the opposite side of the afsluitdijk . 
  what do argentina , south africa , and saudi arabia contribute to global security ? 
  that 's probably just the squirrel one ... 
  g20 is ruined anyway . 
  * top * 20 economies in the world ; except some because we have to throw second world countries a bone . 
  most people in the front row must be really tiny , then . 
  rutte is taller . 
  africa would still be underdeveloped even without colonialism . 
  i mean , italy seems to have done more harm than good when germany 's ally . 
  so sure , why not ? 
  i can see you 're a northerner . 
  might want to check again . . 
  just do as the italians do ; switch sides !, 
  they 're on the map , just not in spain . 
  they were hard at work burning dutchmen in modern-day belgium . 
  very few countries appear to have them . 
  in europe only germany , the netherlands , spain , and greece have them . 
  shared responsibility is the acceptable solution according to the eu . 
  it should n't matter if they move to germany . 
  they 're not getting any support there and if found they 'll be sent back to poland . 
  west-africans are n't refugees , no . 
  they 're not the ones being relocate in the quota system either . 
   also , we should just overthrow them in eritrea because that went so well in all the middle eastern countries which we overthrew and poland participated in but now refuses to take responsibility . 
  eritreans are , yes . 
  they 're not refugees , and therefore do n't count . 
  the eu acknowledges it . 
  thing is , refugees do n't get to choose . 
   the question is wether the eu values democracy . 
  the refugee quota system was decided by vote . 
  poland even voted in favour . 
  no eu money to hungary , he ca n't abuse eu funds that way . 
  i 'm more concerned about eu money being used by orban for government propaganda . 
  you have to get rid of this lunatic . 
  you joke , but people from certain european countries did do this .
