  that was n't a mistake . 
  bringing down birthrates would also mean a smaller workforce . 
  it might be related to other demographics of which belgium has plenty . 
  it bothers me that they say `` northern holland '' , when we have a province called `` north-holland '' . 
  closest to old english , not modern english . 
  he 'd probably get even more annoying . 
  how are you so certain ? 
  we 've interferred with their diplomatic mission before . 
  i really do n't know what you 're trying to say . 
  we 're not trying to prevent them from voting ; they can vote if they like . 
  we just wo n't host the polling stations and other facilities the turkish government is likely to demand . 
   how about those who want to vote against those laws ? 
  they 're a minority in the countries that have so far said they 'd oppose hosting polling stations for the referendum . 
  german-turks and dutch-turks will favour the death penalty , because that 's what erdogan wants . 
  and we 're not preventing them from voting , we 're just not facilitating it either . 
  want to vote in this turkish referendum ? 
  fly to turkey . 
  it could potentially be blocked in the embassy as well . 
  that does n't matter anymore . 
  they 've already voted against their own democracy , so their views on us are irrelevant . 
  nah , they 'll prevent it from happening in the embassies as well . 
  contrary to popular belief , embassies are n't located on soil owned by their respective country . 
  the turkish embassy in the netherlands is located on dutch soil . 
  that 's not the point . 
  we 're not tryng to prevent them to vote , we just do n't want it on our soil . 
  turkey is a member of the council of europe . 
  a country can not be a member if it facilitates the death penalty . 
  it has a lot to do with european law due to turkey 's membership of the council of europe . 
   what a farce and a blatant opening for russian propagandists who seemingly have a strong foothold in holland . 
  they do n't . 
  just because people disagree with you does n't immediately mean they 're russian sympathisers . 
  quite the opposite , in fact . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  you described a free-trade-agreement . 
  that 's different from a single market . 
  and you still have to leave the country within a certain period if you do n't have a job , by the way . 
   the whole ` free movement is non-negotiable ' stance from europe is ideological . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's necessary for the single market . 
  i 'm opposed to foreign governments meddling in the domestic affairs of others . 
  we did n't get to vote for your president , your president does n't get to make or change laws for other countries . 
  well no . 
  a french president is n't able to enforce laws onto the unwilling irish who did n't get to vote for him . 
  and it better stay that way . 
  mine fought there as well . 
  returned home to continue the fighting as part of the resistance . 
  our mosques are funded by either saudi arabia or turkey . 
  so if they do n't , we do n't either . 
   did he take additional geography classes and found out there is a poland with a shitty gov lately or what ? 
  french elections are what 's happening . 
  your government is what he has a problem with . 
  not outside of the anglosphere , no . 
  murdoch holds a lot of sway in the us/australia/uk etc. , but not outside of it . 
  but they also do n't have guns , so it can go either way really . 
  they do n't seem to have long-term memory over there . 
  the uniform makes me think it 's the other way around . 
   `` only leftists are cult-like '' it 's even funnier if you consider that he 's a t_d poster , which is practically a personality cult . 
  alt-right is just an alternate name for extreme-right . 
   one of those people that believe there is actually an extreme right in enough numbers to actually matter . 
  i 'd consider him extreme-right . 
  all of antifa dress like that . 
  the cover does look obnoxious and would be considered racist if it said `` dear black people '' with an equally snarky comment underneath . 
  does n't mean you should support antifa . 
  how is destroying private property good ? 
  i 'll come over and smash your car or other possessions if you like it so much . 
  this can be done without supporting a cancerous organisation such as antifa . 
  you do n't have to be a communist/anarchist to protest against fascism . 
  antifa is cancer . 
  edit : my god , people are actually stupid enough to support antifa . 
  they moved it to the birthday of the recently inaugurated queen . 
  there 's no need for tinfoil hat bullshit on this one . 
   i think that cutting the funding would backfire if you want to solve the problem . 
  i would like to see my taxes go to countries that do support the eu . 
  not leeches who mooch off the eu while being the highest net . 
  recipients . 
  cut their funding . 
  i read the sources . 
  have you read them ? 
  they 're outdated and do n't follow the usual protocol for research . 
  it 's just dozens of pages describing flags and making claims without any evidence . 
  that does n't sound like a very substantial claim . 
  prince 's flag is older , actually . 
  how very democratic of you . 
  he does n't own the land because he 's king . 
  his family has owned it since before they were kings . 
  they 're the ones who bought it centuries ago . 
   right , so the dutch tricolor still represents a republic , right ? 
  it was used by a republic , sure . 
  but it represents loyalty to the house of orange-nassau . 
   and i did n't say that , someone else did . 
  my bad . 
  it was a republic that , for most of its history , was lead by the house of orange-nassau . 
  the prince 's flag does n't sound very republican , does it now ? 
  not to mention that they 're from an entirely different period than you suggested ( `` when the monarchies were falling '' ) . 
  the russian flag is rumoured to be based on the dutch one . 
  in turn , so are a lot of the slavic ones . 
  i 'm curious if their attitudes change once they hypothetically remove her from power and turn her into the largest private landowner in the world . 
  why not ? 
  we 're not a communist country where everything belongs to the state . 
  the dutch royal house has approval from a majority of the country .
