  you 're just free labour for some money-grubbing ceo at that point . 
   they are not all so stupid that they cant just walk away . 
  aparrently they are . 
   having your salary delayed by a month or two is not even rare , irrelevant . 
  no pay ; no work . 
   you guys cant even comprehend the mentality that 25 % unemployment puts you in . 
  i could try . 
  `` work as slave labour or be unemployed '' . 
  i would rather be unemployed , honestly . 
   it 's like saying `` you got no bread , just eat cake '' . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's like saying `` you could either work for nothing ; or do nothing for nothing '' . 
  the latter is a more equivalent exchange , do n't you think ? 
  walk away after they do n't pay your first salary . 
  no point in staying if they do n't pay . 
  i 'd rather be unemployed than having to work without pay . 
  at least you 're not burning energy pointlessly when unemployed . 
  hahahahaha . 
  eh , vvd is still the biggest party . 
  the current germany is still the brd , which formerly only consisted of west germany . 
  the half that was in the eastern bloc has n't survived into the 21st century and was simply absorbed by the brd . 
  a line for self-checkout ? 
  does your city/town consist of mostly elderly people ? 
  self-checkout and pay with debit card . 
  problem solved . 
   getting change from a cashier should take less time than entering your pin . 
  how slow are you ? 
  because everything is geared to domestic systems and debit cards . 
  that said ; i can use mc just fine outside of supermarkets . 
   the loss of money is instant same goes for debit cards in the netherlands . 
  nope . 
  we 're already the highest net per capita contributor , they 'll have to find their money elsewhere . 
  the way the formation is going ; we 'll have new elections soon . 
  north of amsterdam is n't `` inland '' . 
  by the americans , yes . 
  we still do n't know if it was an accident or not . 
  americans wo n't open their archives . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  no , i mean translated . 
  geografie is a dutch word , and the literal translation of geography . 
  it seems to include friesland and drenthe as well . 
  not every surprising . 
  meanwhile in rotterdam and nijmegen ... 
  further inland it 's no longer holland . 
  rijk is often used to refer to the government ( rijksoverheid ) , but in this case it 's more akin to the word `` kingdom '' , used in the same way as in the context of `` animal kingdom '' . 
  earth kingdom science would be the better literal translation , i suppose . 
  the dutch terms are n't just translated , though . 
  geography `` translated '' would be geografie ; but we call it aardrijkskunde . 
  rhine-ruhr is more likely to link up with the nijmegen-arnhem region ; which is also increasing in size rather rapidly . 
  what 's dangerous about a european trip ? 
  english is rather difficult to pronounce `` correctly '' for us dutchies due to the `` th '' sound , among others . 
  and i do n't really remember what it sounded like to me before i learned english as i learned it at an early age and am now one of the few who managed to erase the pervasive dutch accent completely ; replacing it with a british-esque one . 
  dutch might sound weird because it 's the germanic language with the least foreign influence among the germanic languages ; and the only remaining franconian language . 
  jumping from spain 2.0 level to the netherlands level is a massive leap : /, 
  we do n't have a government at the moment . 
  sound familiar ? 
  that 's just how germanic languages work . 
  they 're familiar , but do n't quite add up . 
  you 'll have the same issue with german and any of the scandinavian languages . 
  and by `` guttural ` h ' '' , do you mean `` g '' and `` ch '' , perhaps ? 
  hey !, 
  our language is very beautiful . 
  it 's the southern europeans i tell ya . 
  whenever my portuguese housemate brings a portuguese friend along it 's time to play some heavy metal on full blast . 
  he 's saying that those parties are responsible due to repeatedly reducing funding . 
  groenlinks did n't vote to reduce any funding from these organisations ; and thus is n't responsible . 
  pfff , i 've just come back from japan . 
  ~ 35 degrees with at least 60 % humidity every day . 
  it 's doable . 
  so it 's the eu 's fault for not calling them out on their bullshit ? 
  i do n't agree with the assessment that the one being lied to is at fault . 
  dutch eggs will be safer in the future due to this incident . 
  there 's a higher chance of german eggs becoming polluted than dutch eggs from now on . 
  they 're in the shit because the greek government falsified data to become a part of the eu and , later , the eurozone . 
  blaming the eu for greece 's actions is disingenuous . 
  ah yes , it was the eu falsifying greek economic data so they could plunge greece into an economic depression and drag the euro down with them . 
  wait . 
  because their government fucked itself ? 
  wait ... 
  there are countries which receive even less than italy ... 
  i would n't be so sure about that in today 's society . 
  they can ; but they 'll be sanctioned in return . 
  that capacity will be reduced and moved over in the newer pipeline to circumvent ukraine and stop their gas-stealing practices . 
  they revere a different william of orange . 
  wear a hat if you want . 
  ca n't force other people to do so , though . 
  really ? 
  i think they should be pretty recognisable to those proficient in english . 
  they did use it for a different meaning . 
  nietzsche 's works at the time were published by his hitler-sympathising sister , with several alterations of course . 
   the greek people did n't borrow that money the government did , which is what i was referring to . 
   but debt should be restructured so that it is payable , not so it 's persistently unpayable . 
  and how would you do that ? 
  the debt is simply too large to be restructured in a way that 's payable , even now other eu countries have given financial aid and debt relief . 
  it 's incredibly selfish to demand more and blame germany . 
   they launched a genocidal war in 1939 on europe , robs greece of it 's gold reserves that happened to most countries . 
   greece gets into debt due to what you say and germany is forcing them to make considerable cuts and try to pay unpayable debt on , even against the advice of imf and many economists . 
  maybe greece should n't have borrowed money if they ca n't pay it back ? 
  asking for your money to be returned is rather natural . 
  also , the imf recommends against it because they want their own loans to be repaid first , and the imf also helped greece hide their debt so they could enter the eu .
