  before that it would probably be `` soviet union '' or `` eastern bloc '' . 
  there will be no poles in the reconstruction . 
  it 's just a fucking conference . 
   should n't be classified as refugees \u00bf que ? 
  you realise they 're classified as refugees and not allowed to work , right ? 
  that 's vastly different from the ukrainians * working * in poland . 
  i mean , that 's what us corporations are about . 
  fuck people over for the tiniest bit of profit . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/natural_gas_production_world.png meh , france does n't seem to have that much . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/natural_gas_production_world.png that does n't seem to be that much . 
  do those countries have anything to frack in the first place ? 
   fast food employees earning 2 euros per hour , meanwhile mcdonalds employees in germany earn more than czech doctors . 
  stop voting for right wingers and set a minimum wage ? 
  that could work . 
  see , the netherlands beat this by doing the same but with debit cards . 
  you know poland would be hit the hardest in such circumstances , right ? 
  they 're not really doing anything , though . 
   also , none of this money goes to google . 
  how do you think those testing centres get authorisation from google to certify the phones ? 
   also , it has nothing to do with android . 
  here is android , have fun with it : https://github.com/android . 
  i 'd still need the license to if i wanted to put it on a phone and sell it . 
   i do n't see any problems with companies promoting their own services on their own websites and using their own apps on products that they are making . 
  you do n't see a problem in a monopoly becoming a monopoly in another market by using the existing market influence ? 
  you should move to the us , they love that . 
  you really are grasping at straws in order to defend a monopolistic corporation , are n't you ? 
  why is separating the markets , so a monopoly in one ca n't take over another , so offensive to you ? 
   but android is made entirely for free . 
  it 's not . 
  i do n't support this . 
  we ca n't just give citizenship to citizens of countries who are not a member ; that would defeat the point of being in the eu in the first place . 
   why should they have to live in a country that wants nothing to do with it ? 
  because that 's how democracy works . 
  android has ~ 80 % market share , it 's almost a monopoly . 
  but not included in the decision . 
  i doubt the playstore is included in this decision . 
  it 's the other crap that has to go . 
   also there is not a single reason why google should n't be able to put their own apps on their own product eu law preventing monopolies . 
   that they have developed with their own money . 
  just because you used money to develop it does n't mean you can force it onto users as google is doing . 
   the reason why android is the most popular mobile os is how it is right now , just the way it is . 
  yes , and ? 
   people want google apps on android platform and if somebody does n't like it then do n't buy it . 
  android is too big to avoid . 
  the better option is to force google to stop putting pre-installed apps on their android devices and have people who want them install it themselves . 
  that would be in line with eu law . 
   do google 's competitors pay for development of android ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're getting at . 
  they 're not the only options , but they have the biggest market share . 
  the bigger your market share , the higher your responsibility . 
  because you ca n't use your dominant position in one market to push products in another market . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  that government was the epitome of `` why the fuck not ? 
   the difference is that these were a bunch of mercenaries and volunteers , not the actual country 's delegation . 
  from the article :  the report also revealed that the greek government had sent shipments of light arms and ammunition to the bosnian serb army between 1994 and 1995 . 
  so , responsibility ? 
   i 'm sure you 'd deny it but i see no other reason why wou 'd put that `` second world country '' part in your comment . 
  because it makes sense in the context ? 
  imploding second world country vs allied nation , one is more important than the other . 
   it makes me think that if it were german civilians the goal would be more noble to you more sensible . 
  germany is an ally , none of the ex-yugoslav countries were allied with the netherlands . 
  leonidas did n't face tanks . 
  they were n't handed the worst possible strategic location to defend either . 
   if your thoughts represent the majortiy of the dutch people , i 'm afraid your armed forces deserve all the scorn they receive . 
  [ let 's have greece hold some fucking responsibility then ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_volunteer_guard )  the very purpose of the un is based on that . 
  the un is supposed to prevent another world war , that 's not just based on emotion either . 
   `` second grade civilians '' i , too , can twist words and take them out of context . 
   you do n't know that now because your government simply handed them over . 
  the soldiers did . 
  the government refused to equip them properly and the un failed to supply and support them ; resulting in this situation . 
   again , you give the impression that dutch soldiers find it absolutely natural to hand over civilians to the enemy in order to escape when faced against nummerically superior enemies . 
  i think it 's horrendously idiotic to believe it 'd have been fine if they simply fought ( and died ) against the serbs . 
  `` oh golly gee , they 're coming at us with tanks and all that other equipment * we dont fucking have * , we 'll be absolutely fine if we fight against that without support in this indefensible valley with the enemy on the highground ! '', 
   it proves that you ca n't know how it will turn out . 
  it just might work and you get to save the civilians . 
  yeah , no . 
   if your government ca n't handle risking soliders to protect civilians , they do n't belong in the peacekeeping operations agreed . 
   if they do take part and they abandon the objective , they will be judged accordingly . 
  they did . 
   i 'm not sure which part confuses you . 
  nothing . 
  a bunch of you seem to be confused about my stance . 
  i * loathe * the government for what they did , but the soldiers are n't to blame . 
   handed them over to the enemy might both be deaths statistically in the end but they do n't weight nearly the same . 
  we 're basing it on emotion now ? 
  that 's the worst basis for punishment . 
   you do n't know that you ca n't defend them unless you try it . 
  you just made strategists useless !, 
  well done !, 
  why even bother with strategising if you do n't know anyway ?!, 
   sure i understand that people might not want to die for that but then they should n't be complaining when they 're judged accordingly . 
  my complaint is that the soldiers are somehow to blame , when * none * of the un forces in the region gave support when requested . 
  the french refused airstrikes due to behind-the-scenes negotiations about french hostages , the commander of the operation went on holiday back to norway , and the un was unable to provide supplies to the camp because the serbs forbade it . 
  somehow it 's the fault of the soldiers though , true story . 
  let 's airdrop 300 greek soldiers in bumfuck africa and tell them to protect 8.000 people without support or supplies . 
  see how well that goes for you . 
   and it was n't a metaphor , it was another example of an actual event . 
  nice example . 
  so leonidas allowed other greek forces to retreat and set up defenses while he bought time eh ?
