  dutch it the only remaining language descendant from frankish . 
  and also incorrect . 
  really ? 
  that 's just because it sounds hip and cool . 
  the same happens on tv in other non-english countries . 
  the only single consonent they have is `` n '' ( \u30f3 ) [ here ] ( https://sthnihongo.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/katakana.jpg ) is a chart with the japanese script used to write loanwords and foreign names so you can cross-check , if you 'd like . 
  it 's used for other countries ( with the exception of korea and china ) and foreign names . 
  katakana is n't used much , and you 'll barely encounter it in japan unless you 're looking up scientific terms . 
  they use the portuguese name for the netherlands . 
  katakana , sure . 
  kanji and hiragana ? 
  prepare your anus . 
   i 'm loving the reverse trump effect does that travel back in time ? 
  because this has happened in every single election the pvv participated in . 
  they excel in polls and bomb during elections . 
  the last 4 years were with his party and the pvda ( labour ) as the governing parties . 
  the amount of government scandals the vvd is involved in is insane and i do n't know why people keep voting them into the government . 
  the hague is n't a city by that logic . 
  the belgian navy consists of dutch hand-me-down frigates . 
  where are they getting the money for this ? 
  we sort of have them , but we sort of do n't . 
  dutch is weird . 
  dutch ships did n't sink like that ... 
  i doubt dutch engineering was the full reason . 
  hey !, 
  we 're up there as well , and often rank higher than nordic countries . 
  edit : oh wow , salty much ? 
  uh , no ? 
  philip ii of spain became lord of the seventeen provinces of the netherlands in 1555 . 
  the 7 ( actually 8 ) northern provinces declared independence in 1581 . 
  you could argue that it was only recognised in 1648 , but it 'd mean the dutch had a fully functioning government , military , economy , and had founded an empire before even becoming independent . 
   philip ruled over whole belgium and netherlands except friesland and the bishopric of liege . 
  and gelre . 
  [ then we showed up ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_sound ), 
  15th of march . 
  the languages do have a shared history ... 
  fleeing persecution . 
  the population of the 7 northern provinces skyrocketed after the spanish inquisition started burning protestants at the stake in the dozens in the rest of the low countries . 
  you 'll see that the netherlands has historically acted as the guardian of protestantism . 
   sadly disrespecting the law of another country is not how you go about doing that . 
  subjecting leaders of another country to religious laws they do not share is n't the right way to do anything , really . 
   that is n't promoting anything except the belief in the law of another country . 
  a belief opposed to feminism , which the swedish government ( proudly ) claims to stand for . 
   same as how countries like france and switzerland banned certain religious items . 
  france bans * any * kind of religious items in public institutions for egalitarian purposes . 
  also , do note that burkas are n't actually * necessary * religious items , as hijabs ( * which did n't get banned * ) are more than enough for abiding by islam 's primitive laws . 
   bet you were n't complaining then ? 
  nah , i 'd happily have all religions thrown out the window . 
  but if standing up for a regressive regime and a hypocritical government is your thing , go for it . 
  leaders of a country subject to a denigratory law during a state visit due to their gender ? 
  really promoting feminism where it 's needed !, 
  promoting `` equal '' rights to women , except in countries where it 's actually needed . 
  sounds about right , no ? 
  wearing hijabs in iran . 
   wow , the netherlands [ ... ] are such closeminded countries with a natural aversion to trade could n't be more wrong . 
  and ? 
  just because they used the flag does n't mean it stands for those ideals . 
  the prinsenvlag represents loyalty to the house of orange-nassau . 
  the netherlands was 60 % in favour of having a unified country with flanders . 
  flanders was around ~ 30 % . 
  rutte ? 
  reliable ? 
  edit : i 'm not a pvv-voter guys , chill with the downvotes . 
  [ coloured flowers , you say ? ], 
  we mostly ignore them . 
  it barely has access to public transportation . 
   we were the ones pushing for sanctions . 
  as were a lot of eastern european countries ( in solidarity with ukraine ) and quite a few western european countries ( in solidarity with the netherlands ) . 
  the only country really trying to throw a wrench in it was greece . 
   we are among the european countries which use russian energy the least ( it 's over 30 % of germany 's supply for example , about 8 % for us ) , which allows us to he more forceful with the russians . 
  * allowing * you to be more forceful does not equate to * being * more anti-russian . 
  none ? 
  the us is the world 's sole superpower . 
  no , but it does clear up who was the biggest douche . 
  most anti-russian ? 
  ah , you englishmen and your silly jokes . 
  only * after * the uk broke it by plunking down a fucking airfield . 
  illegaly taking territory constitutes as being dicks . 
  it 's spain 's land , regardless of what they use it for . 
  they 're throwing a fit about an illegally built airfield on spanish territory . 
  the location of the airfield has never been ceded to the uk , and spain wants it back . 
   who closes borders in 2017 , come on the uk apparently . 
  they voted for it . 
  they 're not recognised by any other country . 
  not even the un recognises it . 
  i agree with you on this one , was just pointing out that ceuta and melilla are n't actually disputed and it 's just morocco throwing a fit . 
  they 're not disputed , at all . 
  ceuta and melilla have been spanish for a longer period of time than some cities in mainland spain , and have been under spanish control since before gibraltar was under british control . 
  even the arab-loving un concedes this point , and does n't consider ceuta and melilla to be disputed territories . 
  ehhh , english finance is a mess as well . 
  we can fix that with a totally not genocidal solution , as with the armenians !, 
  biggest agricultural powerhouse in the eu , 2nd biggest after the us , 
  south-holland is 1.300 / km \u00b2 . 
  limburg ( netherlands ) , where i currently reside , is 530/km \u00b2 . 
  pls help . 
  it 's better to build a new one than keeping this old piece of shit in operation . 
  it has to be shut down quite often because something is malfunctioning . 
  1 ) we do n't like nuclear power plants , do n't trust them . 
  2 ) the point made in 1 ) is emboldened by the fact that belgian nuclear power plants just at the border seem to be barely operating and have to shut down several times a day because there 's always something wrong with them ( leaks and such ) . 
  the chechen wars were n't * that * long ago .
