   but please next time , give me a list of countries i 'm allowed to compare poland to how about other countries within the eu ? 
  that would be a much more logical list of countries to compare yourself to . 
   also pathetic is not an argument i was n't making one . 
  i called you pathetic , because you are . 
  so you 're expecting a western country with no stake in the war apart from protecting civilians should willingly sacrifice its citizens in favour of * complete fucking strangers on the other side of the continent ? 
  * yeah , no . 
   yeah lets see how long those bosnian serb forces last why do you think nato , with a large contribution from the dutch armed forces , bombed serbia to smithereens not long afterwards ? 
  this massacre played a big role in nato 's decision to end the war . 
   but of course the dutch assumed their lives were worth more then those they said they would protect . 
  they did n't swear to protect anyone . 
  they signed up for the military , or were conscripted , and were sent by dutch politicans who swore to protect srebrenica with insufficient equipment and manpower . 
  i 'd be pretty demoralised as well if i were left to die in a shithole like that without support from those supposed to represent you , those who are supposed to be your allies , and those who put you there . 
  and end up with the same result ? 
  have multiple hostage killed in addition to the massacre ? 
   and ? 
  where 's the argument here ? 
  that we , as per your reasoning , could be equally racist to polish immigrants in our countries as you are to muslims . 
   on a side note , go to saudi arabia or any muslim country , and tell them the same thing , see how ` tolerant ' they are . 
  i 'm sure when you import these people , and they step on european soil , you know , gosh darn it , there is just something magical in ground , and they go from wanting to stone people for blasphemy to enlightenment and tolerance . 
  now you 're just deflecting . 
  this is a case of a pole spitting in the face of a 13 year old girl who * wanted * to learn about jewish persecution in wwii ( i 'd call that a tolerant upbringing ) and the police laughing in her face . 
  comparing yourself with saudi arabia to look better is utterly pathetic . 
   the dutch soldiers disarmed them as per un directives . 
   and literally handed them to the serbs undermanned , undersupplied , and without any support from other forces in the region . 
  what did you expect to happen ? 
  but the region is the capital , not the city , right ? 
  uh , the first half also applies to most ethnic poles . 
   the headscarf is still `` triggering '' is n't a headscarf part of the polish traditional dress ? 
  individualist societies do n't work like that . 
  we do n't stack multiple generations into a single houshold ; that 'd result in higher suicide ( or homicide ) rates . 
  as if we get to live to such an impressive age . 
  something tells me we get to work til we drop . 
  eritrea was the primary offender . 
   so unlike here and the uk you are building homes for people to live in ? 
  we too voted conservatives into power . 
  this seems to be exclusive to the uk for now . 
  possibly due to pakistani and indian migrants , who are n't as present in other european countries . 
  flevoland always stands out in these statistics and i have no idea why . 
  the place is shit . 
  are you sure it is n't the `` basically irish '' americans ? 
  rotterdam did n't have to ditch its historic city centre in favour of highrise . 
  the germans made that decision for them . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6j8jqq/dutch_efficiency_in_nameing_things/djdfpwa/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6j8jqq/dutch_efficiency_in_nameing_things/djdg2k8/, 
  and about the ruhr area i said :  which is also very visible on the map . 
  the reason behind nrw 's population density * is * the ruhr area , which is n't * directly * on the border , so you do notice the change when crossing the border . 
  and if you look at the replies you got , there are now a lot of people who think finnish and japanese are similar languages . 
  which is what i was trying to prevent . 
  comprehensive reading is a dearly missed skill on reddit , it seems . 
   with the exception of the ruhr area, 
  yes !, 
  let 's compare subdivisions to countries !, 
  [ zuid-holland beats nrw by a huge margin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_holland ) . 
  population density does actually change that quickly when crossing the border with the exception of the ruhr area which is also very visible on the map . 
  those german kingdoms were part of the holy roman empire and the german confederation before bismarck came along . 
  how are you going to do ` ti ' ? 
  because they only tend to use that for katakana words ( e.g. 
  loanwords ) . 
  except japanese does n't have the ` v ' sound , does n't have ` ti ' , does n't have the regular ` r ' , and ` ksu ' is impossible . 
  you do n't need to know much more about amsterdam . 
  slave trade in the netherlands has been illegal for a very long time . 
  none of the slaves were transported to the netherlands itself . 
  as someone studying japanese ; these words do not look japanese . 
  you should look up the place names of the village ( s ) on the island . 
   saba is not a constituent country of the netherlands . 
  your comprehensive reading skills could use some work . 
  saba is a part of the constituent country of the netherlands . 
  the netherlands has much more control over saba than denmark over greenland . 
   this has been the case since 2010 before that you could just throw people before a loop , re : kingdom of the netherlands vs the netherlands . 
  the netherlands is often used to refer to the kingdom , which would imply that the netherlands antilles were included pre-2010 . 
  that is n't high speed rail . 
  we do n't actually have high speed rail within the netherlands , the only one we have goes to brussels . 
  you can just use those tickets to get to the destination , we do n't have tickets for specific lines , just destination from destination . 
  on the other hand ; poland is now the perfect country to house the more extremist muslim refugees . 
  they 're even working towards an equivalent of sharia !, 
  my government did n't do that , though . 
  it 's the companies that do it . 
  unless you claim that letting poland join the eu is the same as bringing poles here . 
  i will stick with `` bammetje '' . 
  was n't there a bill about making minimum wage * the * minimum wage ? 
  no more discrimination based on age groups . 
  also higher youth unemployment . 
  so we 're not benefiting . 
  great . 
  it is the case , and they tried to get it to run through the baltics and poland but poland refused in support of ukraine . 
   and because you have n't noticed it 's non existent . 
  right !, 
  i forgot the earth floats around you . 
  if the brain drain is * such * a massive issue , i should have at least been able to notice some of it as someone from western europe , no ? 
   all ee countries are having trouble because doctors and nurses are living . 
  is that brain drain enough ? 
  this seems to be an uk thing . 
  i have n't seen any ee nurses in hospitals around here . 
  so we 're either not benefiting from them or they speak dutch perfectly without any accent ( doubtful ) . 
   i meant monopolistic infra owned by western companies . 
  there were cases where water price went up few hundred times just because . 
  the state does n't regulate it ? 
  that appears to be a problem the government could fix , but wo n't . 
   and we shall respect the agreement you have n't so far . 
   or be punished according to the rules you realise being punished does not absolve your government from having to take in refugees , right ? 
  it 's punishment for breaking the agreement + following the agreement .
