  and we 've been doing this for years on end . 
  the pvv is not a new party , and they 've always under-performed during real elections when compared to polls . 
  he cited that as a reason for disliking islam . 
  it was already political when the uk joined . 
  cuisine does n't win wars , though . 
  so we have the belgians annex part of france so we can , in turn , annex the newly expanded belgium ? 
  genius . 
  inner six maybe ? 
  read the post he 's responding to again . 
  soap burns away my skin . 
  public loos do n't have hypoallergenic soap , usually . 
  that 's one of the only cases where you 'd be given dual nationality . 
  at birth . 
  or you 're granted it provided you 're integrated and renounce your old nationality . 
  with that economy ? 
  the voc was n't a slavetrading organisation . 
  that was the wic . 
  wait . 
  you 're saying we should discard the current eu parliament ? 
  because the eu elections had roughly the same turnout . 
  you can have wallonia as long as we get flanders , deal ? 
  it 's not a contraction derived from a word , no . 
  does n't mean it does n't have a meaning . 
  it does have a meaning , it 's a possessive . 
  which turned into ice . 
  that was n't fun at all . 
  before being kicked out for being catholic filth . 
  never . 
  i will stop complaining once we stop giving old people so much money because booh booh poor old people . 
  and doctors do n't prescribe antibiotics for everything . 
  life expectancy and healthcare are n't fully related . 
  same reason why men have a lower life expectancy than women ; they have to work and fill in the tax forms ( traditionally ) . 
  now i know you 're joking . 
  there used to be . 
  the english got rid of it for some reason . 
  the non-religious faction reigns supreme , though . 
  that 's still reasonably standard dutch . 
  most of the carnaval music i know is `` sung '' in distinct dialects which the people in the next village over wo n't be able to comprehend . 
   i have had people try to convince me that the roman empire fought the ottoman empire frequently . 
  they did . 
  the eastern roman empire ( byzantine empire ) fought the ottomans frequently . 
  that 's the first fucking time someone called our cuisine delicious . 
  other than all the fucking dairy products , we 've also had kale ( boerenkool ) as one of our national dishes for centuries before hipsters started consuming kale shakes . 
  do n't forget parts of gelderland !, 
  ^ we 're ^ not ^ really ^ unified ^ in ^ anything . 
  it 's much easier than whatever crap the folks down in maastricht are using . 
  younger generations are getting taller and taller . 
  those maps are usually wrong . 
  they just take regions barely above sea level and display them as flooded , then compare them to contemporary maps forgetting that the netherlands * already is * under sea level for a large part . 
  our current sea defense and drainage systems were designed to cope with 1m of sea level rise . 
  it 's peanuts . 
   i 'm talking liberal in the us sense that does not apply . 
   think about cooperating with a guy like wilders . 
  every single party ( excluding the pvv , obviously ) pretty much vowed not to work with wilders , including the right wing ones . 
   the difference between any left or liberal group compared to the right is minuscule . 
  you do n't seem to know a lot about dutch politics , then . 
  the right is just as splintered with vvd , d66 , and pvv . 
  in return , it 's a bit harder to be sentenced to life in prison than other countries . 
  the lads sentenced to life in prison are * really * fucked up . 
   `` it was not about ukraine , it was about the eu '' . 
  that has been debunked . 
  more out of necessity than out of love . 
  this has been disproven , actually . 
   i do n't see why the dutch should be able to block it for all the rest of us . 
  because that 's how the eu works . 
  i do n't see how greece cocking up over and over again should cost us tax money , but alas . 
  you 're just jelly . 
  because it 's in english . 
  dutch sources generally are n't readable by an international crowd . 
   up as some sort of proof that ukraine and russia are on the same moral footing here . 
  they 're really not . 
  uh , no ? 
  where did i mention russia being on equal moral ground ? 
  one can dislike russia without liking ukraine . 
   i do n't know what makes me more ill ; the possibility that some of my countrymen are knowingly aiding russia 's campaign of misinformation and propaganda ; or the possibility that they fall victim to it with such frightening ease . 
  ukraine denied it had been requested radar date while the dutch government did request radar data . 
  they most certainly do have a very trustworthy cause . 
  it is rather difficult to trust such an inefficient nation with eu funds , especially when adding to the fact that they sat on dutch golden age paintings , * most likely stolen by the ukrainian secret service * , until about a few months ago ( long after the referendum ) . 
  http://nltimes.nl/2016/02/03/ukraine-dutch-never-asked-mh17-radar-images http://nltimes.nl/2016/02/04/ukraine-ambassador-dutch-fact-request-mh17-radar-images but hey , maybe this whole passive-aggressive shtick you keep putting up might convert some skeptics to your cause . 
  but in the meantime , please do piss off . 
   secondly , ukraine was not reluctant in releasing data to the investigation team . 
  http://nltimes.nl/2015/12/24/mh17-investigators-ukraine-russia-refuse-provide-radar-images http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/08/mh17-relatives-urge-brussels-for-help-in-getting-radar-satellite-images/  thirdly , it 's precisely your kind of behavior on this that makes me genuinely ill . whatever floats your boat . 
  edit : downvoting me rather than debunking the argument , how mature and broadminded you are . 
   i hope the eu tells them where they can shove that idea . 
  how very democratic of you . 
  i see you 'd be a great addition to the club . 
  because the criteria are n't high enough ? 
  some of the piss-poor eastern european countries got in because they met the critera , but are only draining money from the west currently . 
  this very article has a statesperson saying that `` there would be no point in the association agreement '' if ukraine did n't join the eu in the forseeable future . 
  the `` but it 's not an eu membership agreement '' argument is now dead in the water due to the reluctance of other leaders to accept dutch terms ( and their admission that , in fact , eu membership is expected ) . 
   ukraine reached out to us as civilized people not really . 
  ukraine was reluctant in releasing data regarding the mh17 incident as well . 
  hey , if nato allies are being attacked i 'm all for helping . 
  they 're not in nato , though . 
   one of the cause of that war was a lot of people wanting to turn their country to a european path . 
  i 'd say we have at least a small moral obligation for supporting them . 
  eh , why ? 
  just because they want to fix their country does n't mean we 're obligated to help . 
  no , they were n't . 
  they were in personal union with the netherlands for a while , not part of .
