  * are you absolutely sure ? 
  look at the netherlands more closely . 
  frisian is included . 
  he is . 
  he 's a member of spain 's most corrupt political party . 
  you can think of dijsselbloem as a cunt , but he 's not a corrupt cunt . 
  the spanish minister of finance is gunning for his job , apparently . 
  and good luck sticking to one job for 10 years , now that corporations barely give long-term contracts to employees . 
  we queue them up for social housing . 
  and the people earning $ 5 above the maximum salary required to be qualified for social housing ? 
  they 're sol . 
  send help . 
  in the netherlands ? 
  i 've never heard `` hollands '' used as a linguistic term , no . 
  we call it abn . 
  probably because holland contains many dialects on its own , and there is no `` hollands '' dialect . 
  that , and having anyone from other provinces admit they 're speaking `` hollands '' would create issues . 
  `` hollands '' does n't exist in the netherlands either . 
  we do have `` abn '' , algemeen beschaafd nederlands . 
   and in informal settings with family/friends you would just speak dialect which can be quite different from standard dutch . 
  quite similar to the netherlands . 
  my native dialect ca n't be understood by anyone bar a sparse amount of people in my hometown . 
   afterwards that 's not * during * , then . 
   `` southerners spend their money in women '' that 's a metaphor . 
   which is obviously the same thing as saying `` southerners fuck prostitutes '' . 
  no , it is not . 
  unless you refuse to see any other form of context behind this statement , which you seem to be doing . 
   but i find his preoccupation with spain pretty peculiar . 
  he said `` southern eurozone countries '' , not `` spain '' . 
   belgium , for example : 106 % debt to gdp ratio . 
  moreover , france 's level of debt ( 96.1 % ) are basically the same as spain ( 99.2 % ) okay , so we 'll give belgium and france shit as well for having a higher debt . 
  and then ? 
  their economy is still healthier than the spanish one overall , debt notwithstanding . 
   this is particularly disturbing when netherlands was running a higher debt than spain until the middle of the crisis : 2010 , in particular . 
  higher debt , yes . 
  but also a higher gdp/capita , higher employment rates etc. 
  there 's more than just debt when it comes to a healthy economy , and he 's not just referring to debt . 
  he 's saying that countries should use eu money to revitalise the economy , not spend it on wasteful spending . 
  * read between the lines *, 
   `` spaniards fuck whores '' is hate speech in the same way that `` dutch are nazis '' is . 
  yes , but he did n't say `` spaniards fuck whores '' , did he now ? 
  also , hate speech and xenophobia are n't the same thing . 
  he 's criticising your governments ' wasteful spending . 
  he could 've worded it better , but he 's right nonetheless . 
  it might seem to you to be the definition of xenophobia , but it is n't . 
  edit : there 're a lot of people who need some extra lessons in comprehensive reading and vocabulary apparently . 
  rotterdam already had a high amount of pvv voters . 
  pvda imploding just makes it look like pvv gained voters there , which might not be the case at all . 
   dijsselbloem is not new to these openly xenophobic and nationalstic speech , point me to the nationalism and xenophobia , please ? 
  all i see is an , admittedly callous , statement regarding the economy of southern european countries . 
  and let 's not deny the clear north/south divide when it comes to wealth . 
  dijsselbloem is n't even close to pvv ideology . 
  that 's just false equivalence . 
   well , actually that 's what is happening already . 
  pvda most likely lost seats to groenlinks , d66 , pvdd , and cda . 
  black coffee ? 
  it 's just coffee without anything added into the mix . 
  well , that 's university ... 
  we drink coffee black . 
  that 's a higher coffee bean content right there . 
  dijsselbloem is quite loved in the netherlands . 
  his political party , not so much . 
  tbh , drinking alcohol during meetings is a no-go in the netherlands . 
  wanting a professional environment does n't equate an aversion to alcohol . 
  on the other hand , i can grunt like a fucking champ . 
  we have around ~ 200 students . 
  that 's how many . 
  i know at least 1 who 's working for a japanese bank that relocated from london . 
  i 'm studying japanese , so it 's almost certain i 'll go there . 
  spanish inquisition . 
  i 'm farily certain dutch politicians have said no such things . 
  this happens to be a very urban region . 
  we ca n't just have trains going over 200km/h willy nilly . 
  stop calling them the `` 20 biggest economies '' , then . 
  because they are n't . 
  maybe a g20 with the * actual * biggest economies as members ? 
  i 'm puzzled why a country with a worse economy than mine is a member , and mine is n't . 
  i do n't think we can , taking too long will trigger new elections . 
  byzantines were christian . 
  eastern orthodox , but christian . 
  i. . what ? 
  our economy 's so much better though . 
  would n't want to ruin that . 
  and that 's why history is an important subject . 
  it adds so much context to many things . 
  sp has n't managed to capitalise on pvda 's self-destruction , it seems . 
  sp is predicted to lose a seat . 
  previous elections . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labour_party_ ( netherlands ) #electoral _ results, 
  he 's not talking about the vvd . 
  water is wet . 
  they dropped below what they 'd get without the strategic voting , though . 
  the erdoturks , yes . 
   but still why do n't do like in france : because we 're not france . 
  we 'll just keep listening to ton elias and his expertise . 
  / shudder, 
  nah , we 'll forward the bill to erdogan . 
  the netherlands is always portrayed as `` small '' , even by its own citizens , but we 're the 8th biggest country in the eu population-wise . 
  it 's just a common misconception . 
  size does not necessarily equal importance , surely ?
