   they 've been calling for independence since forever frisian independence is backed by an insignificant amount of people . 
  the vast majority really do n't want indpendence . 
  the six founding members of the eu , the `` inner six '' . 
  well ... no . 
  the eu 's primary goal , from the days of the ecsc , was to prevent another world war by intertwining the economies . 
  eh , that was rather different , smaller in scale , and not limited to the old and uneducated population . 
  amsterdam it is !, 
   the point is that all rich countries had no reason to build up eu . 
  the founding members of the eu are germany , france , the netherlands , belgium , luxembourg , and italy . 
  of those members , only italy is performing badly . 
  * the eu was founded by some of the richest nations in europe * . 
  so just toss everything in rotterdam & amsterdam ? 
  got it . 
  wait , we 're not ? 
  i mean , it 's not like we want to * leave * the eu , but we most fucking certainly are one of the most eurosceptic eu members . 
   there 's no coastal rights to worry about . 
  trade routes to the belgian port of antwerp have to pass through dutch territory . 
   and races do n't exist . 
  if we 're just comparing regions , holland 's population density is 1.2000 / km \u00b2 versus flanders ' 477/km \u00b2 . 
  please no , stick to the west . 
  i like living in the east . 
  wait , are n't we the ones with the higher population density ? 
  barring the musea , we have better cities when it comes to architecture and neat suburbs . 
  whoo !, 
  everyone else is lame !, 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ give ^ ^ more ^ ^ bombs , ^ ^ we 're ^ ^ running ^ ^ out, 
  and i was saying that we 're not as `` small '' as we 're often made out to be . 
  though football wise we do tend to have a good team , but the current one is in a slump due to it being a completely new generation . 
  we 're in 12th place of europe when it comes to population , so we 're actually on the bigger side . 
   medieval german empire you mean the holy roman empire ? 
  the one lead by the habsburgs with its capital in vienna ? 
  very german indeed . 
  if the franks are currently the french , how did dutch end up being the only surviving frankish language ? 
   their influence was detected in the dutch referendum not it was n't . 
  they were accused of being in bed with russia without any proof by the other party which was proven to have accepted funds from america . 
   of the ones who voted voters ? 
  70 % of the dutch-turkish voters voted akp , so it 's not really as divided as you claim . 
  it 's not bad enough for me to invest in ac , though . 
  ac is mad expensive for 10 hot days a year , though . 
   that would mean they are guilty and people do n't want to be guilty . 
  not really . 
  i * know * my country played a huge part in the atlantic slave trade , and i admit that it happened . 
  i 'm not going to admit i 'm guilty of anything as i was n't actually alive when it happened , nor are the people demanding reparations for their `` suffering '' . 
  she would be a right-wing extremist going by european standards . 
  wilders is never going to be pm . 
  because they 're overreacting ? 
  besides , the terminology `` de kwestie van de armeense genocide '' does contain `` armenian genocide '' , so i do n't know what you 're on about . 
   it does for armenians . 
  it does not . 
  the official stance of the dutch government is that what happened to the armenians qualifies , and is referred to as , a genocide regardless of the terminology some ministers prefer to use . 
  that does n't qualify as recognition . 
  officially , the dutch government recognised the armenian genocide ages ago , no matter what terminology the ministers use . 
   i hope the netherlands follows suit we recognised the genocide before germany , you dimwit . 
  every country hates their own entry . 
  eurovision is a love/hate thing , we love the awfulness of it all . 
  i thought the country was called mofrika ? 
  tunisia has been very progressive for a long time . 
  i went on holiday there several times , though this was before the arab spring . 
  i 'm quite fond of the country , it 's unfortunate that tunisian immigrants were the culprits of so many terrorist attacks in europe . 
  that would n't be possible . 
  the constituent country of the netherlands does n't have international representation , only the kingdom does . 
  it 's pretty much like scotland and the uk . 
  it 's part of the kingdom . 
  and the kingdom of the netherlands is the sovereign state represented in international politics ( e.g. 
  the * kingdom * is a member of the eu , not the constituent country `` the netherlands '' ) . 
   are n't those propaganda anyways . 
  * in * russia , not * by * russia . 
   stooping low enough to discriminate agains russians because of the actions taken by their government , was his point . 
  their favourite putin should n't have killed my fellow countrymen , then . 
  more land bordering africa is the last thing we need . 
  now you 're just lying . 
  none of them as bad as electing trump or whatever the tories are up to nowadays . 
  * checks those countries ' governments * ugh . 
  does n't matter . 
  ours is older anyway . 
  duytsch , which is what germanic people called themselves at the time ( and before germans switched to high-german ) . 
  it 's also where the english `` dutch '' comes from . 
  our anthem is about the life of william of orange ; and he was loyal to the spanish king ( up to a point ) . 
  i do believe people have voiced such opinions during terrorist attacks . 
  reaping what they sow and whatnot . 
   where do you get your data , that putin enjoys highest levels of support anyway . 
  all the polls taken in russia . 
   he wasnt talking about your government , nice try though . 
  well . 
  that 's a moot point . 
  i have n't stooped as low as russia , as i certainly have n't started proxy wars or shot down civilian airliners personally . 
  they 're likely to support putin , considering how massively popular he is . 
  that 's the point i was going for , yes . 
   why stoop to their low like that . 
  i 'm not . 
  my government has n't annexed crimea , is n't instigating a proxy war in ukraine , nor is it responsible for shooting down a civilian aircraft . 
  they would n't enjoy putin levels of support either , if they did . 
  and what i 'm saying is that it does n't matter how much sympathy was expressed through diplomatic channels if you follow it up with as much bullshit as the russians did . 
  still not giving any sympathy . 
   i do n't remember whether the official reaction was empathetic or not would n't matter . 
  vetoing an investigation , not cooperating , airing propaganda with shopped sattelite images etc. 
  they targeted propaganda blaming ukraine at young dutch people on facebook . 
  the dutch navy would roll over that pretty quickly . 
  our navy is shit . 
   because evil russia ?
