singapore and quite a few chinese ports . 
  it was the biggest until 2006/2007 . 
  social democrats in the netherlands are dead . 
  the only one left is the socialist party , deemed to be too extreme by most . 
  using english in a sub for dutch nationalism . 
  i 'm wondering what the logic behind that is . 
  they did n't . 
  all the infrastructure they built in africa is crumbling . 
  unfortunately , chinese infrastructure is trash . 
  that 's not whataboutism , we 're still talking about the same event here . 
  derailing the thread to be about brexit would be whataboutism . 
   all the opponents of the treaty are populists generalising much ? 
   thing is , most opponents kept quiet about the war and mh17 they did n't . 
  then why would it hurt to add that clause ? 
  they did n't . 
  they blamed the eu for embroiling the country in civil war due to heavily supporting the eu maidan movement ( eu mp 's were present ) which is more based in reality than `` ukraine did it '' . 
  also the shaming over `` extreme right wingers '' and `` xenophobes '' is hilarious when taking into account that the * socialist * party supported a `` no '' vote . 
   yeah , the opponents mostly kept quiet about that . 
  they did not . 
  they even mentioned it as a reason not to get involved with that whole clusterfuck . 
  `` we lost enough , why lose more ? 
   i wonder if the dutch commenting here know that this is not an accession treaty to the eu our prime-minister tried to have a clause added that it 's not an accession treaty to the eu , but the eu refused . 
   can the dutch use this `` referendum '' method to invalidate e.g. 
  the lisbon treaty ? 
  it 's advisory , so the government does n't * have * to listen . 
  listening to this particular referendum is important , though , as we have elections in 2017 and support for the current government is incredibly low . 
  surely , you do n't believe crappy stroopwafels from lidl are anywhere near as good as the proper , freshly made ones ? 
  culturally . 
  business culture in the us and canada is very similary and the us has a higher influence on canada than it has on mexico . 
  basically , mexico being a shithole is saving us from us corporatism . 
  mexico is a lot less integrated with the us than canada is . 
  the us could , through nafta , gain a foothold in the eu through ceta . 
  heck , while canadian healthcare might be praised and glorified by man , it 's still a lot worse than most , if not all , eu healthcare . 
   the whole reason it was founded was for trade . 
  the eu was founded to prevent another war between france and germany by integrating the market and denying both countries the resources to fight a war ( again ) . 
  it 's a programme for european unification , not just trade . 
  because ceta is a backdoor into the eu for us interests . 
  do i have to explain to you why i do n't want anything to do with us health care ? 
  because medication prices would go up due to ceta ? 
  you realise ceta is just ttip-lite ? 
   for example , when buying submarines who do you turn to ? 
  build them domestically . 
  navies probably are n't the best example , as even barely capable nations have domestically built navies . 
  f35b is vtol , f35c is a carrier based plane optimised for storage and catobar take off . 
  big pharma would gain more influence in the eu if ceta were to pass . 
  as someone who is reliant on meds for day to day life , ceta can go die in a fire . 
   all the stuff denmark has opt-outs from is things that has nothing to do with free trade and the economy . 
  the euro ? 
  that 's pretty related to the economy . 
  hardly . 
  even when putting euthanasia and suicide together we still score below the us ' suicide rate . 
  the norman invasion of 1066 does n't count ? 
  the normandy of that time could be classified as a `` country '' . 
  the northern countries . 
  the uk is not the only country blocking federalisation . 
  shh . . 
   so something like the death penalty or prison should also , presumably , not be voted on ? 
  and we do n't . 
  what 's your point ? 
  * looks at belgium *, 
   our the eastern - and southern parts of the netherlands do n't exist anymore guys . 
  pack it up and go home , it 's just north - and south-holland now . 
  afrikaans looks like ghetto dutch , to me . 
  we can just change the constitution . 
  tell the japanese that . 
  looking back at it , the netherlands did n't really have a lot of dumbass kings . 
  most stadtholders were okay at worst as well . 
  pvda is hardly `` social '' anymore . 
   many many european folk outfit have a veil anyway . 
  i do n't wear a folk outfit on a daily basis , however . 
  because of having a dutch and swiss parent ? 
  it 's not possible otherwise . 
  uh , why ? 
  i 'm not supporting it , merely commenting on it . 
  producing euthanasia ? 
  what ? 
  anti-refugee activists spread dead pigs over terrain that were to be used for asylum centres . 
  it worked . 
  euthanasia is fully legal in the netherlands , as long as you follow the set protocols . 
  ... and that would be why the ban is on burkinis , not muslim women . 
  i 'm still trying to figure out what northern alliances are being talked about here , the nordic council and the benelux both pre-date the eu . 
  the netherlands has this too . 
  then they made piracy illegal , but kept the tax . 
  tbh , our ancestors fucked portugal up the arse with a rusty pole . 
  ... i 'm not sure if my neighbours would survive . 
  shopkeepers sometimes do n't even speak dutch ... 
  i have a peanut allergy and i 'm still kicking . 
  it does smell horrible anytime someone cracks open a jar of peanutbutter . 
  they do n't have jurisdiction either . 
  they 'll meddle in our affairs anyway , but it 's illegal . 
  ... why ? 
  we do n't have mass-migration from former french colonies like france or belgium have ( due to speaking the same language ) . 
  technically , we do n't have a national flower . 
   i can honestly say there is a huge difference between these erdogan fanatics and for a lack of a better word , the normal ones . 
  a huge portion of the lot are erdogan fanatics , though . 
   and we have n't seen anything else on television following the mh-17 downing . 
  the security & justice minister 's competence was called into question . 
  not that i ever believed him or his predecessor to be competent . 
   the hague is not a crime-ridden city , for instance . 
  i 'm not so sure , it 's a hive of politicians .
