  and so often . 
   germanic tribes were nomadic they were n't . 
  there 's a reason we have regions named after germanic tribes that lived there ( e.g. 
  there are well-documented cases of germanic tribes living in one place ( frisians , batavi ) . 
  a nomadic lifestyle would also not fit with archeological finds such as stonehenge ( similar constructs have been found in scandinavia ) . 
   that 's why all the major cities in germany , austria , etc were either founded by the romans because they did n't classify the city-states the germanic tribes organised themselves in as cities . 
  even now the status of `` city '' is rather arbitrary ( the hague is a town , as it never recieved city rights ) . 
  edit : either way , it still does n't matter as germanic tribes are still more eligible for the `` ancient civilisation '' classification than the non-ancient aztecs or incas , whose history started during european medieval times . 
  not * that * large , but they definitely had cities , roads , and traded gold for wine with the romans ( before the romans betrayed them and conquered them out of jealousy ) . 
  yes they did . 
  germanic tribes lived in city-states . 
  the reason they 're often written off as barbarians is because roman sources , the only remaining written sources of the time , claimed as much . 
  the same romans who were the enemy of the germanic tribes and tried to find reasons to conquer them . 
  germanic society was actually far more egalitarian than roman society . 
  richer as well , there 's a reason that anytime they find germanic graves , they also find gold jewelry . 
  it 's the latin transliteration of \u3042\u308a\u304c\u3068\u3046 . 
  for real though . 
  hiragana is much easier to read due to it being phonetic . 
  using the latin alphabet for english is a often a guess . 
  yes . 
  does n't change the fact that ni is socially and economically behind ( mainly due to dup ) . 
  greeks used wood more , actually . 
  only temples and other significant buildings were made of stone . 
  would n't surprise me if the same was true for the other civilisations in the list . 
  seems to me some latin-american countries just want to feel special . 
  germanic tribes are more qualified than incas and aztecs , in my opinion . 
  also more criminal . 
  do we have dutch newspapers as popular and shit as the daily mail is ? 
  because not even de telegraaf is this bad . 
  could you provide some sources ? 
  i 'm interested in the whole china situation and would like to read up on it a bit more . 
   repaid [ ... ] payed . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  biggest flower exporter in the world . 
  paid * i 'm getting rather sick of seeing `` payed '' everywhere nowadays . 
  no , he 's not talking about just those . 
  he 's talking about * all * expats , including europeans , americans , etc. 
  they still want to be part of either the kingdom of the netherlands or the constituent country of the netherlands . 
  but when we complain about corrupt politicians we 're racist and should send more money . 
  owning a couple of islands in the caribbean with the same welfare level as western/northern europe is an impossibility . 
  not that many . 
  yes . 
  they 're incredibly corrupt . 
  they do n't like gay marriage either . 
  it 's the district of columbia , it 's not part of any state . 
  it results in quite the clusterfuck . 
  no , do european administrative divisions . 
  even most dutch people forget overijssel and drenthe exist , occasionally . 
  i was trying to figure out where they put denmark . 
  we always get mutilated due to our err ... interesting borders . 
  * looks at piles of cash * well ... 
  i do n't know . 
  some of them might not vote because they 're not involved in turkish politics ? 
  they 're not living in turkey , after all . 
  they vote denk now . 
  but he 's not a monarch of the netherlands . 
  which is the point . 
  depends on the usage of the title . 
  he was prince of orange-nassau , not prince of the netherlands . 
  william of orange . 
  monarch . 
  dude , what articles have you been reading ? 
  a `` simple slap '' is covered under corporal punishment . 
   okay , statistician , so tell me what would you do in my example ? 
  try to figure out why the fuck he 's throwing dirt in the first place . 
   ( also , for somebody who likes to appeal to research , you 're awfully stingy with sources . ), 
  you have n't provided * any * proof either . 
  fuck , even common sense should tell you enacting violence on children probably is n't a good idea . 
  but hey , here 's a source : http://204.14.132.173/pubs/journals/releases/bul-1284539.pdf and here 's a way to do your own research : https://scholar.google.nl/scholar?hl=nl&amp;q=corporal+punishment&amp;btng=&amp;lr= is n't the internet great ? 
  i 'm not at all surprised about na . 
  that 's some terrible anecdotal evidence you have there . 
  statistics do n't back up any of it either . 
  there are no advantages to beating children , only long-term issues . 
  also , you seem to be proving the point that violence as a form of punishment is the easy way out ; not the best way . 
   i got a smack . 
  never tried pulling that shit again . 
  and  i 'm in favour of [ ... ] also spanking him . 
  back up my previous claim of :  educating him with violence would make him believe violence is okay . 
  you appear to be in favour of beating children as a form of punishment because it was done to you . 
   parents today think being a good parent means not making your kid ever uncomfortable . 
  you 're taking two extremes . 
  not using physical violence on your child does not equal pampering him/her . 
  you can punish children without beating them . 
   so is your government if you 've been paying attention to the news dude . 
  lmao the dutch are in close competition with the british for being the absolute worse in europe over surviellance . 
  not even close to the us , and i 'm opposed to a lot of shit my government is pulling . 
   and alright , it 's wrong , but does a smack on the ass justify potentially tearing apart a family & ruining parents ' livlihoods ? 
  yes , it should n't be this hard to understand . 
  not . 
  beat . 
  children . 
  you are arguing in favour of using violence to educate children despite research showing adverse effects with no advantage whatsoever . 
  and i 'm insane ? 
   do you sit down in front of and tell him that he could have put it nicer and give him an opportunity to answer with `` go fuck yourself '' ? 
  yes , that 'd be a normal response . 
  educating him with violence would make him believe violence is okay . 
   big brother an american talking about big brother with the nsa spying away on you ? 
  and no , you should n't beat children . 
  it 's eu funded ! ^ for ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ tiny ^ ^ ^ ^ amount, 
  8th biggest country in the eu based on population .
