   catholic high schools in belgium do receive a good amount of funding from the church though that 's a big no , i do n't think you could sell that to the dutch public . 
  i 'm studying japanese . 
  i 'm being influenced by shinto more than by catholicism . 
  catholic unis do n't have to be beholden to the catholic church , though . 
  having said that , nearly every dutch catholic uni dropped `` catholic '' from their name . 
  welp . 
  time to disband that agreement . 
  then why does it still exist ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we have a law against dual nationality . 
  how well educated are they ? 
  i do n't see a lot of dutch-turks at uni level . 
  i 'm attending a `` catholic '' uni . 
  there 's nothing catholic about it apart from it being founded by catholics . 
   the turkish embassy has also revoked passports of some turkish dutch . 
  so turkish nationality * can * be revoked ? 
  time to enforce that `` no dual nationality '' law . 
  we do n't have queen 's day anymore . 
  it 's been king 's day ever since the inauguration of willem-alexander . 
  that does n't change anything . 
   and ... are you seriously arguing that armed guerillas embedded through-out the local population & using ieds ar n't capable of carrying out a effective insurgency ? 
  it has n't happened so far . 
  they 've all been crushed by professional militaries . 
   i mean , i 'm not saying they 'd win , so guns would n't make a difference ? 
  * then what 's the fucking point ? 
  *  it 's not really tyrannical until the checks & balances are violated . 
  your fourteenth amendment is being violated by congress who wants to put your search history up for sale . 
  guns wo n't make a difference if the populace consists of mindless sheep . 
  or if you 're up against something with greater firepower . 
  i 'd like to see you guys take on tanks and drones . 
  go get that increasingly tyrannical and russophile gov of yours !, 
   if history is any judge most modern uprisings got suppressed with heavy firepower . 
  your flimsy ak is n't going to do anything to a tank . 
  it 's not like you can rise up against your government , even with guns . 
  handing guns to civillians is n't going to prevent any of that . 
  yes . 
  * we * ( europeans ) do n't need the nra . 
  because it is n't america . 
  the nra is idiotic . 
  they try to absolve all guns from blame * then somehow try to make video games the culprit * . 
  that 's nice . 
  this is n't america , though . 
  * we were allowed guns ? 
  plz no . 
  page 33 : china 41,3 % bangladesh 7,1 % turkey 10,3 % european 27,7 % but 95 % produced in the netherlands eh ? 
  quoting a zeeman manager , more like . 
  my god are you a cunt . 
  also , that 's a different map . 
  i thought you were referring to * this * map on / r/mapporn . 
  perhaps you could be bothered to link the thread you 're referring to rather than acting like a condescending prick ? 
  cheap labour , more like . 
  something you wo n't find here . 
  because we do n't export the supposed cheap stuff . 
  most of our export is machinery and computers . 
   this map exclusively measured produce made in nl that got sent to be or de , not products that the nl transported for us . 
  proof ? 
  because i doubt we produce and export more than the larger countries trading with germany without rotterdam . 
  is n't a lot of that just final assembly in rotterdam or something ? 
  would n't really compare that to china . 
  it 's not true . 
  i 'm almost certain they use some workaround method so it 's technically made in the netherlands but not really . 
  that 's hardly `` the china of europe '' . 
  because we never were into wind turbines . 
  wind turbines = / = windmills . 
  we do n't produce anything . 
  our industry is flat on its arse . 
  * very * sensitive skin . 
  it 's better not to use soap for me , unless you prefer shaking a bloody hand . 
  sporadically . 
  people who speak nedersaksisch would be able to understand it better , but they live further up north . 
  i 'm part of the brabantian speaking group ( southern bit of gelderland ) . 
  tbh , that 's just the advantage of having your german dialect being closer to the dutch language . 
  plattdeutsch is simply closer to low franconian , which is what we speak . 
  the netherlands has the same issue . 
  german is n't even an official language here . 
  17th biggest in the world . 
  that does n't change the fact that thorbecke did n't draft a parliamentary democracy . 
  thorbecke was n't a democrat . 
  he did n't want the general populace to enjoy suffrage . 
  your computer consists of more parts than just the cpu . 
  check the parts in your computer . 
  still are . 
  logic does n't apply in those cases . 
  to be fair , the netherlands * should * be part of the g20 as well if it really was about the world 's biggest economies . 
  benelux would be so much bigger than the other regions you mentioned . 
  which they promised would n't happen . 
  why are people voting vvd again ? 
  nobody uses it , though . 
  that word 's as good as obsolete . 
  but i would n't allow someone associated with a party like that to be a candidate . 
  i 'm not sure why the party is still legal tbh . 
  the party received illegal funding and has hidden assets through a swiss bank account . 
  the people found guilty or are on trial are , of course , the treasurers of the party . 
  but if two subsequent treasurers step down and are on trial , something is very wrong . 
  not the best candidate for the position . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  you know guindos is also guilty with regards to luxembourg , right ? 
  furthermore ; you want a member of a corrupt party to do the job of someone you allege to be corrupt ? 
  because dijsselbloem is n't corrupt . 
  or provide proof of his corruption , if you insist . 
  you really want guindos instead of dijsselbloem ?
