  because we 're not fighting it ? 
  if anything , the loss of those lives is even more of a reason not to get involved further . 
  i do n't see how their war has anything to do with us ? 
  just because people died , does n't make the agreement more sensible . 
  we do n't even really have santa ... or even the tradition of exchanging gifts on christmas . . 
  this map is odd . 
  neither are he or you . 
  there was n't much feudalism in general . 
  the netherlands was one of the first `` countries '' to develop ( medieval ) cities . 
  say hello to taxes . 
   in order to win the backing of reluctant central and eastern countries , she raised the possibility of withholding $ 63.4 billion of eu cohesion funds if they do n't support the plan . 
  might as well refuse to send money to the eu if they push it through like this . 
  the countries he mentioned shit all over themselves , though . 
  do n't deny turkey 's rapid descent to become yet another arab shithole . 
  it 's still odd not to include the world 's 17th largest economy to a meeting of the world 's `` top '' 20 economies . 
  immediately makes the whole thing sound less credible . 
  i sincerely doubt that . 
  i mean , yeah . 
  the shirts double as a pillow !, 
  it just houses a bed , desk , chair , and closet . 
  it 's a shared apartment , i did n't include the kitchen and bathroom in the measurements , ofc . 
  the area , not the state . 
  10m \u00b2 the glory of living in a densely populated hell . 
  la trappe ? 
  probably some parts of canada as well . 
  err , why ? 
  belgium seems to always score lower in these kind of statistics . 
  maybe it 's the french influence ? 
  maybe it 's immigrants from former french colonies flocking to french speaking countries within europe ? 
  no , seriously . 
  educate yourself on the historic event where france , the us , and the un left dutch troops out to dry by forcing dutchbat to be underequipped , undersupplied , and denied any air assistance from * dutch * f-16 's because france wanted pow 's back and the ( norwegian ) commander fucked off back to norway on holiday . 
  the myth that dutchbat was somehow responsible is revolting , and also a reason i 'm vehemently against an eu army . 
  it 's not the truth . 
  go fuck yourself . 
   nd letting ethnic cleansing appen right in front of your eyes and doing nothing go fuck yourself . 
  the agreement was a guideline , not a rule . 
  so no , nato countries do n't * have * to spend 2 % . 
   look at the many countries who spend less than romania they probably spend more , just a lower percentage . 
  1,2 % of the dutch gdp is much higher than 1,5 % of romania 's gdp . 
  no , tb still has terminal cancer . 
  apparently not . 
  massacring the kurds could perhaps cause a trauma ? 
  work work work . 
  i 've heard of it . 
  i also know it 's not the same as forcing right-wing policies down people 's throat and betraying your voters . 
  that 's a stupid question . 
  germany would n't have given that money to greece . 
  how would you support the greeks in this case ? 
  artificially keep greek companies alive so they can pay their employees ? 
  fuck that . 
   she probably wouldnt find another job with this kind of money i mean yeah . 
  i 'd be hard-pressed to find a job without pay as well , apart from volunteering . 
   so you dont want to work for jobs that offer you `` normal '' contracts but are spotty ( at best ) in their payment schedule the fuck is the point of a contract if the company itself is n't following the contract by not paying ? 
  also 18 months is n't `` spotty at best '' , that 's slave labour . 
   you quit or you just do n't show up to work . 
  if the company contacts you and tells you to go to work , you tell them to get fucked and pay you first . 
   what you and your family eat ? 
  what do you do ? 
  you work for 18 months without pay ; what do you and your family eat ? 
  what do you do ? 
  suicide as per the article ? 
  voting for right-wing policies makes you right-wing . 
  been living under a rock the past 4 years ? 
   you lose lot of workers rights such as being paid ? 
   including getting barred from any support from the government , both financial and other , like the right to be part of subsided training , unemployment discounts etc. 
  you do n't have access to these while working for no pay either . 
  honestly , what would change ? 
   and if you do decide to press charges , you having quit does n't help your case . 
  quitting for not being paid and then suing should not affect the conclusion of the case ; they did n't pay you and should compensate you for your work . 
  quitting plays * no * part in this ; apart from having walked away from an abusive employer . 
   plus in the next job you might have even worse contract than you had . 
  it ca n't be much worse than not being paid ; * the primary purpose of a job * . 
   because at the end of the `` trial '' free contact they are supposed to be employed . 
  of course almost no company does that and they simply recycle workers . 
  so again : better off unemployed . 
  eh , the pvda has been pretty shit even before that . 
  samsom becoming party leader was pretty bad , him leaving everything to asscher was even worse . 
  or , you know , a `` left-wing '' party voting for right-wing policies . 
  it 's either that or be a slave . 
  being unemployed * ca n't * be worse than being a slave . 
  because i 'm not saying `` these are the only leftist parties '' . 
  i 'm saying `` this is n't a leftist party '' . 
   yeah sure , condemn your family in poverty if you have no income despite working you 're already in poverty , surely ? 
   if you quit , you lose any right for unemployment benefits so 0 income until you get a job your income is already 0 . 
  what would change apart from not being a corporate slave ? 
  many countries pay for your lawyer if you ca n't afford it ; that 's what i was referring to . 
  what i ca n't grasp is why people would rather work for no pay than be unemployed ; being unemployed just sounds better in this regard . 
  sounds about right . 
  pvda simply is n't left-wing . 
  of course not . 
  no need for hyperbole , i 'm just calling the pvda right-wing based off their voting record . 
  alright . 
  i 'll still walk away if i do n't receive pay , though . 
  and look for a lawyer to sue the everloving crap out of the company for not paying me my well-deserved salary . 
  they always vote in line with right wing parties and have voted through numerous right wing laws . 
  i 'm not sure what makes you think they * are n't * right wing . 
  no surprises there . 
  right wingers pretending to be leftist are bound to be abandoned by their voters . 
   you work and maybe you work even harder , so you can get your money back if the business does better , cause if they go bankrupt you aint seeing shit . 
  that 's stupid .
