  signing paperwork , appointing ministers , receiving foreign dignitaries , going on a state visit in other countries , etc. 
  are things he does . 
  he 's not a construction worker , if that 's what you meant with hard work . 
   anything they 'd hit him with would n't stand up in court that 's what the secret courts are for . 
   name a single profession where this is possible . 
  ever been to japan ? 
  they do that . 
   any being the great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great - ... - grandson of someone from the 1500s does ? 
  to an extent . 
  the house of orange-nassau and an independant dutch state go hand in hand , there is no better ceremonial leader than the family head of a noble house that got our country to be independent in the first place . 
   idk a country that does n't select its leaders based on whose dick ejaculated in their mother 's vagina ? 
  those are a minority and far from `` normal '' . 
  besides , none of our heads of state were nearly as bad as trump , nor as despised as hollande . 
  i 'd call that a victory in favour of the constitutional monarchy we are . 
  prove me wrong by using sources . 
  not your jaded opinion on monarchs that do n't concern you . 
  because that does n't prove qualification . 
  the us ended up with trump and france seems to * despise * hollande . 
  furthermore , could you tell me what a `` normal '' country is ? 
  china ? 
  the us ? 
  the uk ? 
  sweden ? 
  norway ? 
  why are we always throwing it on the millenial pile ? 
  just throw it on the plain old stupidity pile . 
   i know the netherlands pretty well oh ? 
   and talking about the need for a monarchy is a huge taboo . 
  nah , it is n't . 
  his job is being king , though . 
  history is important . 
  i 'd rather have an apolitical head of state everyone could learn to like , than a political one which half the population ( or more , in the case of hollande ) could despise . 
   i 'm really confused here , you really do n't know what an air sovereignty mission is ? 
  of course i do . 
  our last engagement was with an outdated yugoslav fighter jet during the yugoslav wars . 
   hell , your country conducts air sovereignty missions whenever russian bombers enter the north sea , , and i 'm not counting when the dutch air force takes part in nato air policing roles where they intercept gen 4 + fighter-bombers . 
  and i 'm referring to actual air-to-air combat , which we have n't seen in 20 years , and which politicans will base their decisions on . 
   i 've probably worked , and work , with more european militaries than you have , and i have a pretty healthy contempt for any of the ones that do not speak english or french . 
  your point ? 
   this does not mean those countries are n't going through the motions of doing the bare minimum . 
  capital intensive-programs like , oh , say , warplanes are purchased even if most other spending is cut to the bone . 
  this is because it is much harder to rapidly acquire those sort of systems if you need them than it is to spin up a regiment or brigade of riflemen . 
  we still are n't prepared for a war of any scale . 
  a lack of ammunition , protective gear , and no mbts are clear indicators of that . 
  our decision to join the f-35 development programme is based on how well a multirole plane can bomb middle-eastern countries , as that 's what we 've been doing for the past 20 or so years . 
   by the grace of god is literally in his title . 
  that does n't mean it 's the reason behind his kingship . 
   well , i do n't see that . 
  cheering on the king is usually accompanied with dressing in the national colour ( orange ) and waving dutch flags around . 
  how can you * not * see that . 
   he way royals are celebrities , how there are whole magazines just dedicated to inform people about their lives and the general perception of their persona literally screams person cult . 
  you could just not buy them , i do n't . 
   it 's more the `` look that guy is so great , he does what other people do for a living as a joke '' that gets to me . 
  that 's a very loaded way of saying it . 
  the reason it 's special is because he did it incognito while being the most recognisable man in he country . 
   lol , do you actually believe that ? 
  yes , because it 's true . 
  you can deny it however much you want , but that does n't make it wrong . 
   is this why most kings and queens keep their positions untill they are in their late 80s ? 
  no , they do that because it 's tradition . 
   if it was actually hard and exhausting , they could not do that . 
  why not ? 
  please elaborate . 
   acting as if those people have even the slightest idea of the struggles of the common man is utterly ridiculous . 
  where did anyone say that ? 
  are you trying to twist my words ? 
   did they ever have to worry about finding occupation ? 
  of course not , they 're groomed for kingship . 
  those who do not become king , assist him in tasks , accompany trade delegations , etc. 
   about getting a good enough education to provide for a family ? 
  no one in the netherlands should have to worry about that , we 're not the us where education bankrupts people . 
   did they ever have a boss they did not get along with and had to suck it up because they depend on the wage ? 
  yes , actually . 
  they have to deal with politicians elected by the populace . 
   they do n't even have to buy their own groceries how do you know that ? 
  they just might . 
   or clean their fucking palast themselves and ? 
  my family also hires someone to clean the house for us . 
   do n't tell me they have it hard , basically everyone would instantly switch positions with them and they did not do anything to deserve this luxury at all . 
  have fun with your lack of freedom of speech and expression , your right to travel wherever , whenever being revoked , and not being able to vote for a political party of your choosing . 
  you would have it difficult , considering your predisposition to hate monarchs that , as a german citizen , do n't even conern you . 
   air sovereignty missions . 
  which ones ? 
   there 's a difference between being prepared for something and anticipating something . 
  you have n't seen the state of many european countries , have you ? 
  we 're not prepared for a war of any scale . 
  it would , but most are going to use it in the role the f-16 was used ; cas . 
  the eurofighter is more expensive than the f-35 due to the maintenance cost of the eurofighter 's two jet engines . 
  it 's also why many european nato countries opted for the f-35 over european equivalents . 
   most f-35 adopters are going to be using it in that role . 
  no they wo n't , most adopters are n't expecting wars between developed nations , which would require air superiority fighters . 
  those professions are n't equivalent and you know it . 
  you should 've taken an international business position , they travel and talk to people as well . 
   that they are better and deserve better than the rest by the grace of god or some shit . 
  he 's not king because of god . 
  this is a modern monarchy established in 1815 . 
  he 's king because his ancestors are responsible for the formation of an independent dutch state . 
   i also strongly oppose any sort of person-cult , be it around celebrities , sport stars or royals . 
  the combination of those two makes the concept of royality pretty much unbearable for me . 
  seeing people degrading themselves in such a way , as when they are cheering for those people that were born with the silver spoon in their mouth and never really had to work a day in their entire life makes me disappointed in my fellow humans .
