  shephards will not work in norway . 
  we have the [ norwegian buhund ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_buhund ) and [ norwegian elkhound ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_elkhound ) but it 's a moot point to use sheepdogs to guard against wolves because of the way sheep farming is organised in norway . 
  [ it 's a joke bro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nokg3yfnsvk ), 
  hehehe sneaky swede is sneaky . 
  everyone knows that sweden is the breeding ground for islamism , 
  christian iv of denmark , what a dumbass you were :(, 
  are france going to stop using petroleum product ? 
  as long as we are the cleanest producer in the world , the world will be worse off if norway stopped producing oil . 
  and we are 15th in oil production but 6th in natural gas production . 
  and that is used instead of coal in germany . 
  and what is `` real '' sweden ? 
  if you think everyone around you is strange , maybe you are the problem ? 
  sweden is the odd one out in the case of immigration . 
  i feel like have a good picture of sweden . 
  i work with a lot of swedes , and been lots of times on vacation . 
  and i 'll totally agree that it is not nearly as bad as / r/europe tries to picture it , but you have to agree that it 's a lot of crazy left wing people in sweden that makes a rational debate about immigration difficult . 
  and why do you say that ? 
  do you have reason ? 
  how should i reply ? 
  i just mention that the richest countries in europe are the ones that read the most books . 
  and you take it as a direct attack against portugal ? 
  portugal is not more poor than eastern or other southern countries , all the countries are poor . 
  wow butthurt much ? 
  how the hell is it possible to not read a book for a whole year ? 
  kindle makes it super easy to read a book . 
  and fun to see how the map correlates with how rich the country is . 
  damn , that was awesome . 
  mark blyth is a really good speaker . 
  if just germany could use some of the ridiculous amount of money they use on energiewende to make electrical car 's competitive . 
  you can not wait on the marked to demand the product when the product is shit . 
  force the car makers to sell el cars , by taxation of ice cars . 
  yes h&m is at fault for using child labour !, 
  we should at least hold nordic companies to a higher standard then the rest . 
  and when you look at swedish companies like h&m , kappahl , lindex , ikea , jula , biltema and the rest . 
  you see a modus operandi of cheap asian labour . 
  are people really amazed that the swedes are dirty business people ? 
  edit : did i hit a nerve ? 
  the business owners must be proud to have a population of drones ready to defend all the shit they pull . 
  girls recive it at confirmation and use it at 17 mai , formal dinners , christmas , and much more . 
  seriously what the hell is wrong with france ? 
  you literally only need to search `` oldest tree in europe '' to see that this is bullshit . 
  what the hell ? 
  how lazy could the journalist be ? 
  and then you get raped / s, 
  it 's not wrong to call it the rape capital of scandinavia . 
  yes i understand that it 's a made up story to start a debate . 
  but you do n't need to pladge your loyalty to a country to owe them something . 
  by just living in the country you take on a lot of responsibility , you have to pay taxes , follow the laws and defend the state against foreign powers . 
  that 's why i will never trust someone with a dual citizenship . 
  so you want all the good things about living in a european country but not the responsibility ? 
  dual citizenship and working for mit is treason and 5th columnists . 
   it was half a decade of humilation is not every day as a swede a humiliation ? 
  because norway is fairly good at the summer olympics also , 
  and all the countries i mentioned has snow . 
  well let 's see : norway summer 148 + winter 329 total = 477 population 5,214,890 ( 2015 ) population per medal 10932,68 finland summer 302 + winter 161 total = 463 population 5,471,753 ( 2014 ) population per medal 11818,04 estonia summer 33 + winter 7 total = 40 population 1,315,944 ( 2016 ) population per medal 32898,6 pekka is obviously drunk in the winter . 
  and the swedish summer 483 + winter 144 total = 627 population 9,875,378 ( 2016 ) population per medal 15750,2 try to keep up sweden denmark summer 179 + winter 68 total = 180 population 5,707,251 ( 2016 ) population per medal 31706,95 :d, 
   norway hardly has `` superpower status '' within the efta , but anyway . 
  this does n't surprise me considering norway 's well-known position when it comes to these questions could you please explain this part ? 
  why ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62wkvio https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrgcg68nllc, 
  if you want to look at something really impressive https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all-time_olympic_games_medal_table look at winter olympic medals won , norway is is not per capita but ** total !, 
  ** most medals won . 
  and if you combine winter and summer we beat the finns , 
  we are a big weapons exporter . 
  it 's the only thing dragging us down . 
  is this a 100 of 100 or is just norway the benchmark the rest of europe try to reach ? 
  your source includes all of europe but your image is just eu-28 . 
  as such is just a eu innovation scoreboard !, 
  you mean eu innovation scoreboard ? 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 ? 
  that logic does not work with agriculture . 
  a country needs food security . 
  the atlantic islands was a part of norway so i 'm still of the opinion that sweden was useless at the negotiations in kiel . 
  but i 'm looking forward to the day greenland or faroe islands finds oil and promptly declares independence from denmark . 
  the amount of angry danes is going to be epic . 
  and ekofisk makes up for you stealing our islands , its not a good idea to send a drunkard on important meetings :d, 
  they have gone totally native . 
  you can keep them , 
  what ? 
  that the swedish delegation at the treaty of kiel was useless , do n't make denmark the rightful owner of shetland and orkney islands . 
  or greenland , faroe islands and iceland for that matter . 
  but that is their loss , more money on the rest of us . 
  actually denmark is formed of dirt from norway . 
  so denmark is also norwegian clay !, 
  what the hell !, 
  shetland and orkney islands is norwegian clay !, 
  sorry , i misunderstood your writing . 
  i thought you meant that we did not care about conservation of fishing stocks . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i would think with 100 000 poles living in norway , some information would creep down to you . 
  norway has the best fish quota system in europe . 
  because we will not share our fishing stock with people that fish dirty , leaving ghost nets and not respecting the fish resources !, 
  norway have some of the world 's most sustainable fishing resources , why jeopardize that with allowing nations that do n't understand the importance of fishing for norway ? 
  it 's a reason the common fishing policy was added just before uk , norway , ireland and denmark applied to join in 1970 . 
  just look at what happened to british fishing after they joined the eu . 
  why would we join something that would destroy our coastal communities ? 
  as long as the eu has the common fisheries policy , they can fuck off to brussel . 
  the north norway part just ruined it for me . 
  how on earth did denmark receive 1,3 in militarisation and norway 2,4 ?? 
  okey we have 4.9 of 5 on weapons export,
