  and ? 
  it 's not europe . 
  im saying this is local news, 
  no one gon na comment that guyana is not europe ? 
  and who the f *** cares about a beauty pagent in france ? 
  it 's barely local news . 
  better than bosnia . 
  it 's gone 21 years since the war in bosnia . 
  and how do you explain the big difference between bosnia and its neighbouring countries ? 
  the non function country bosnia ? 
  do tell more . 
  former muslim , that 's the magic word . 
  `` european '' city index what is this bullshit ? 
  not really , northern norway can not measure with the big cities , but are not poorer then the rest of the districts . 
  damn that is a big difference between norway and the other nordic nations !, 
  the only reason norway accepts the shit situation we are in , is because it keeps us out of the common fishery policy . 
  it 's 9 of april all over again . 
  when one looks at these figures you may make a case that the greek dept crisis is just the greek gdp correcting itself too its real value . 
   soereide said norway was concerned by russia 's testing of new missiles that could reach europe , upgrades of existing equipment , ** and its adoption of quieter submarines that were harder to detect ** . 
  the combined effect was a new challenge that europe and nato need to address , she said . 
  no fucking wonder when norway is not doing its job of maritime surveillance of the barents sea . 
  useless fucking politicians . 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwplr6upyqo - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5oe3xbqlh0, 
  how the flying hell is it possible to live in mexico and not know that cuba is an country ? 
  the actual number by my rough calculation is 11,13 % of the people living north of the arctic circle lives in finland . 
  finland the `` land of the midnight sun '' ? 
  [ land of the midnight sun ] ( https://www.reference.com/geography/land-midnight-sun-606f734c06092c19 )  according to data provided by the nation of finland , 66 percent of the world 's population within the realm of the midnight sun resides in finland , particularly in its northern laplands . 
  and i thought the finns were good at math : /, 
  the list of ultra high net worth individuals ( page 27 ) was much more interesting , usa must have a fucked up gini coefficient . 
   our calculations suggest that 140,900 adults worldwide can be classed as uhnw individuals , with net worth above usd 50 million . 
  of these , 50,800 are worth at least usd 100 million , and 5,200 have assets above usd 500 million . 
  the total number of uhnw adults is about 3 % higher than a year ago ( 4,100 individuals ) , and the increase has been relatively uniform across regions , except for the higher than average rise in asiapacific countries ( 10 % ) . 
  north america dominates the regional rankings , with 73,400 uhnw residents ( 52 % ) , while europe has 29,800 ( 21 % ) , and 18,800 ( 13 % ) live in asia-pacific countries , excluding china and india . 
  among individual countries , the united states leads by a huge margin with 70,400 uhnw adults , equivalent to 50 % of the group total, 
  the ranking where denmark is safer than norway and sweden because it does not export weapons ? 
  yes let 's use that one , 
  https://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/antimicrobial-resistance.htm turkey on a roll . 
  hehehe nice trigger !, 
  swedish is a official language of finland , and swedish is as much a native language as finnish in finland . 
  helsingfors is the native name on the capital in swedish . 
  why is it always the germans in the threads that are super paranoid ? 
  are you all ex-ddr subjects ? 
  do you have a mobile phone ? 
  norway is so far ahead of everyone else that we should have our own color . 
  norway is so far ahead of everyone else that we should have our own color . 
   do n't worry , i know more math tnan you your swedishness is showing . 
   in finland at most 700,000 million :d, 
  come back to norway , we will treat you better than the danes . 
   the other is , what gives the government the right to decide that just because some food has sugar , it has to be penalized ? 
  because it is the government ? 
  would think it 's kind of obvious . 
   they do n't have a separate word for `` toe '' . 
  they are just `` fingers '' , too . 
  boorish !, 
  spaniards confirmed apes ? 
  you mean the most stable and prosperous countries in europe ? 
  what do you want to know ? 
  a ship can carry a boat , a boat can not carry a ship . 
  yes, 
   in places with no oil money nobody would have the time/money to make that , and would move to better suited locations . 
  move where ? 
  that 's because the stad tunnel is for ships , not canal boats . 
  big difference . 
  europe really loves oranges . 
  had they investigated the norwegian market a little instead of breaking in like an elephant , they might have managed to stay . 
  you dont open a grocery store in norway with selling store label products from germany and treating your employees as shit . 
  lidl got what they deserve . 
   the closest case we have in norway was a civil servant/former politician and diplomat was caught red handed working for the kgb https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arne_treholt he ruined the life of one of the greatest norwegians of the last century . 
  thats because you dont share a land border . 
  have we already forgotten the submarine chase in stockholm archipelago ? 
  and the remilitarization of gotland in case of little green men ? 
  just need to convince the danes that norway is clearly the superior country to be top dog in a kalmar union . 
  maybe we should just bribe the danes , beer and p\u00f8lser for everyone . 
  because what russia calls antagonizing is something completely different than what other countries would call it . 
  russia is not reliable . 
   as long as it acts as a neutral state and does n't antogonize us , we do n't have any interest in sweden . 
  how nice of you . 
   and that is justification to drag our name into everything , even without a shred of proof . 
  you are the most likely nation to stir shit in europe , stop behaving like a failed state and your neighbours will treat you better . 
   i should clarify that the government does n't stalk you to find your adress . 
  you register your living adress yourself but it 's up to you if you actually live there . 
  this adress has some importance ( e.g some items will only be sent to your registered living adress regardless of what you request ) . 
  in norway you are breaking the law if you do n't register your new home address up until 6 months after moving . 
   can we stop bringing russia into every thread ? 
  russia is the only credible threat in the neighbourhood , and that russia behaves like a mafia state does not help at all . 
  sweden was a mistake . 
  we need a kalmar union again without swedes in government positions . 
   there still seems to be a sense that things could be going better . 
  that is just the scandinavian way . 
   i pay all taxes you are italian , how can we trust this ? 
  do not read the comments in the article , you will become stupider by the effort . 
  i 'm not sure what the problem is with americans but when it comes to shipping they are luddites . 
  i work on ships , and i understand that you can not stop progress . 
  but autonomous cargo ships in international trade are not right around the corner . 
  the rules and regulations in shipping has not yet matured to handle autonomous ships . 
  it would take years of fighting in imo to get it approved . 
   the country and it 's people are a bunch of liars and hypocrites . 
  what type of work are you in ? 
  it 's in france . 
  a country that always struggles , but mysteriously manages limp on .
