  norway being nice and letting sweden be best in something . 
  but ... reddit told me that i 'm special . 
  have to pick norway 9 out of 10 times . 
  we like to bitch and moan , but it 's a sweet deal . 
  collect the migrants from the vessels and dump their asses in north africa . 
  are we seriously going the flag of convenience route ? 
  this is something that should be governed on a planetary level . 
  fuck luxembourg and their parasitic ways . 
  keep the good , leave the bad , and you will fit right inn . 
  i 'm glad norway never joined this clusterfuck . 
  `` need '' `` lead '' ? 
  is it not a union ? 
  this is the reason the eu dont work , the difference between big and small european countries are to great . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uxzknysqfm  we also have one about the train from oslo to bergen, 
  do n't forget the fish !, 
  norway 's best export . 
   the defender says it 's not abnormal teenage boy behaviour , that he did not plan to hurt anyone . 
  have to admire lawyers , to make yourself that fucking stupid in the name of justice is not something anyone can manage . 
  damn , i thought that the finnmark package was a joke . 
   but more flexible and less noticeable . 
  so invisible ? 
   it does n't matter if uber gets its wish of driverless cars , prices wo n't be sky high and out of reach because there 's always another way to compete , a dude and a car . ', 
  that is not competition , that is at most a nuisance . 
  what will stop uber from subsidising that branch and kill the competition ? 
   the first sentence in the wikipedia article say it is is a `` schiffstunnel '' ( = ship tunnel ) it 's only because you do not know what a ship is in germany , 
  yeah i deleted my comment because i did not want a shitshow . 
  and if it 's any consolation , no one thinks about czechia in norway when we talk about eastern european thieves . 
   i have never seen title `` nordic thieves ... '' `` western european thieves '' or so . 
  and you never will , because they keep themselves in western europe where there is money to steal . 
  we do n't need eastern europeans to pile on . 
   you do realize how monopolies are created ... they always are created by government interference can you explain [ standard oil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_oil ) or [ de beers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/de_beers ) then ? 
  i 'm not sure you actually understand what uber is doing , if they manage to succeed with their plan , it will not be a person driving you anymore . 
  a driver is just a necessary evil in the moment , the long term plans is to have driverless cars , and if they have manage to force out the competition it will get really hard to start up from scratch . 
  i say that uber is a one time thing , when or if they drive off competition no one will have the capital to compete with them . 
  because the entire business model is built on taking massive losses , short to medium term to make profit later . 
   sex shop ? 
  oh sorry we do n't take cash . 
  so what ? 
  you think they are not able to track you , just because you pay in cash ? 
  as long as the banks dont sell your buying history to a advertising agency how is it even comparable ? 
  you are the odd one out , credit cards/debit cards are the future . 
  no , to emulate uber you need a massive amount of investors willing to subsidize the fare , how many times do you think they are willing to do that ? 
  and the only way uber is going to make money long term is to replace the driver with a automatic car . 
  if they are not successful with that , they are bankrupt . 
  that is a boat tunnel . 
  i love to be argumentative , and all your examples are boat tunnels . 
  but on the other hand , it is not certain that we all have the same view on what is a ship versus boat . 
   the distinction between a ship and a boat varies depending on regional definitions , but as a general rule , a boat can fit onto a ship , but a ship can not fit onto a boat . 
   a ship , in other words , is a very large ocean-going vessel , while a boat tends to be much smaller . 
  additionally , a ship usually is defined as having a displacement larger than 500 tons . 
   during the age of sailing , a craft with three or more rigged masts was considered to be a ship , but this definition has been superseded , as different methods of power generation are used on modern ships . 
   there are already many ship tunnels in the world where ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_foreign-exchange_reserves  foreign-exchange reserves ( also called forex reserves ) are , in a strict sense , only the foreign-currency deposits held by national central banks and monetary authorities . 
  however , in popular usage and in the list below , it also includes gold reserves , special drawing rights ( sdrs ) and international monetary fund ( imf ) reserve position because this total figure , which is usually more accurately termed as official reserves or international reserves or official international reserves , is more readily available . 
  these foreign-currency deposits are the financial assets of the central banks and monetary authorities that are held in different reserve currencies ( e.g. 
  the u.s. dollar , the euro , the japanese yen and the pound sterling ) and which are used to back its liabilities ( e.g. 
  the local currency issued and the various bank reserves deposited with the central bank by the government or financial institutions ) . 
  before the end of the gold standard , gold was the preferred reserve currency . 
  ** some nations are converting foreign-exchange reserves into sovereign wealth funds , which can rival foreign-exchange reserves in size . 
  ** switzerland is one big bank so i kind of understand why they have such a huge foreign-exchange reserves . 
  more : http://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/foreign-exchange-reserves.asp, 
  but what sets it apart from its neighbouring counties ? 
  is a sharp jump from 10-15 % to  20 %, 
  is blekinge county rural in sweden ? 
  it 's norwegian clay !, 
  so back to the mudfields you lowland ape !, 
   as far as i 'm aware , belgium 's existence is in large part thanks to poland refusing to let prussia pass its borders around 1830 . 
  how exactly did that work ? 
  did poland magically move westward ? 
   it 's whether you believe a government should act parent for the people or not . 
  as long as we have a welfare state , i believe the state should have the right to control harmful substances . 
  most countries do n't have the binge drinking culture we have in the nordic countries . 
  the state monopoly on alcohol is just a band aid on a shitty culture . 
  have you ever looked at crime statistic from the nordic countries and wondered why the finnish murder statistics are such a outlier compared to the other nordic countries ? 
  is it culture ? 
  or maybe it 's just bad drinking habits . 
  i 'm no fan of arrogant swedes , but dude you have some serious underlying issues . 
   magdalena gerger is a racist who has stereotypical ideas about us how is it racist or stereotypical when you actually have alcohol related problems in finland ? 
  so how do you explain all the alcohol related murders in finland if you do n't have a problem with alcohol ? 
  is it racist to point that out ? 
  you mean like the ones we have ? 
  for me it sounds like a opportunity to make money . 
   and since norway would rather keep that to themselves it 's more that eu is shit at managing its fish resources . 
  the ccr5 gene is actually most common in scandinavian countries , about 10 to 15 % of the population in norway is immune to hiv . 
  breivik had a manifesto and all that shit . 
  that cunt was a proper terrorist . 
  i remembered it very vividly , come home from school , turn on the tv and the news was about a plane chrasing into a building in usa . 
  thought it was an accident , then plane number 2 crashed into the other tower . 
   people hate our gypsies therefore they hate all romanians no , plenty of criminal romanians fucking up your reputation also . 
  but the baltic people do their best to compete with you if that helps . 
   this is just a good opportunity to try and have a southern european at the helm . 
  god have mercy on eu . 
  what exactly are you using your money on ? 
  or [ karsk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karsk ) as we call it in the civilized part of fennoscandia . 
  you are just here to record the fuck ups for eternity . 
  why have someone downvoted this ? 
  he is right , germany was never in a position to pull off barbarossa . 
  graceful in defeat , have to give you that , 
  yeah , i think we are done here . 
  you want more ?
