  there really is n't anything to be educated on . 
  i think a vote for pvv clearly shows that someone does n't give a shit about politics , has slightly racist tendencies , and usually did n't even consider another party . 
  because if you 're objectively comparing pvv to another party , you 'll notice how idiotic pvv 's plan is . 
  other parties have between 50 and 150 pages in their party program . 
  you ca n't be politically educated and still vote pvv . 
  that 's like saying you 're a biological scientist and still believing in creationism . . 
  `` drop them back where they came from . '', 
  i 'm sick of people like you treating the refugees like some sort of political tool . 
  so what , turkey sends the refugees to whatever european country and you want to point guns at them and yell at them to go back where they came from ? 
  that 's so inhumane that i 'm disgusted by the thought alone . 
  yes , erdogan needs to be addressed , because what he threatens with is outrageous , and his surmise is long over due , but if we use humans like you and me as leverage , then that makes us barbaric . 
  if we do n't value the life of a refugee the same as our own , then we do n't have any right to criticize erdogan . 
  please open your eyes , and try to see humans , not muslims . 
  but the message he sent is clear . 
  `` please , all turks in europe , hate thy neighbor ! '', 
  threats are . 
  heavily supporting until recently is a bit exaggerated . 
  a lot of politicians were hesitant from day 1 . 
  and in the netherlands it 's been like this for years already . 
  for me it was when he denied the existence of the armenian genocide in 2008 . 
  for the most european countries erdogan made a mistake when he altered the law to ensure he became the premier . 
  sure they tried to be diplomatic , but we all knew that erdogan took the concept of democracy with a grain of salt . 
  also when erdogan rose to power he was a promising new leader ,, 
  i think it 's a little na\u00efve to think that erdogan will just give up if the referendum does n't pass . 
  he tried the legal way to gain more power , but i do n't think he 'll hesitate for a second to take a more drastic approach . 
  i disagree . 
  a lot of people i know that vote for pvv are actually less educated on the topic of politics . 
  i do n't necessarily think they 're less intelligent , but it is very clear that you do n't vote for pvv if you actually know what the hell you 're talking about . 
  gy bent dood , kind . 
  hmm it seems that the international definition is n't the same as the definition in my book . 
  oh well i guess you 're right . 
  the term terrorism gets used very freely to push political agenda , so the exact definition might have been lost somewhere in the last decade . 
  well if you look at the actual meaning of the word terrorism , then yes , school shootings are usually an act of ( domestic ) terrorism . 
  when one attacks people indiscriminately it can already be considered terrorism , even though the term was popularized to be a synonym with jihadi terrorists . 
  nowadays people try to use the term hate crime when it 's domestic terrorism , like the dylan roof case . 
  if you ask me , most cases are both hate crimes \u00e1nd terrorism . 
  in this case the perpetrator ( s ) targeted an individual , so it 's `` just '' attempt of first-degree murder which happened to take place at school . 
  that question did n't even pop up in my head . 
  i think it 's safe to say that if that 's your immediate reaction , you do n't really care about tragic events , but rather would like to spin everything to fill your own agenda . 
  i think it makes you less of a human if you thrive off tragedy . 
  it 's been a trend for the past 2 decades or so in the netherlands . 
  actual measured safety is rising , so less bad things happen to people in the netherlands basically , but the feeling of safety has gone down in the same period . 
  it seems that as events get more rare , they are perceived to be more frequent . 
  yes d66 would take gl over cu any day of the goddamn year , but gl has trouble maintaining integrity if they joined a coalition with vvd . 
  they 're pretty much the complete opposite . 
  so i think the choice lies with gl , do they want to be a governing party and risk losing their voters , or do they want to play opposition for another 4 years and try to change the political climate overtime . 
  apparently enough people to elect the man ... 
  do n't forget that the leading sentiment among university students/graduates is that the netherlands need to take it up a notch regarding environmental health/awareness, 
  for me it 's 100 % ( a ) . 
  it could 've been any other issue regarding the political climate in turkey , and i 'd still want our government to have a strict stance . 
  how things escalated over this specific situation is not something i 'm happy about . 
  but if it 's necessary to make a point , so be it . 
  to be honest , i do n't think the 50plus prediction is very realistic . 
  after last election 's success they failed to keep the momentum going , and will most likely be somewhere between 1-3 seats . 
  also i do n't think gl will surpass d66 , but it 's definitely going to be close . 
  i personally think fvd will get more votes , more in the range of 5-7 . 
  they 've really stolen quite a lot of votes from both pvv and vvd in the last weeks . 
  i 'm hoping for a coalition like your 4th and 5th option . 
  voted gl myself . 
  i filled it out and came out to a total of precisely 150 !, 
  if i counted correctly that is . 
  can you perhaps send me the form i filled out sometime today ? 
  would like to compare it with the final results !, 
  offended because of the sheer irony and infantility of his comments ? 
  yes . 
  feelings hurt because of what some hitler-wannabe clown said because he did n't get what he wants ? 
  just because he has an israel flag right ? 
  what he said does n't even show racism . 
  no antisemitism please . 
  that has been pointed out to me and i have to agree . 
  thanks for your correction . 
  yes i have to agree on that , though the last weeks i have n't heard that much about it tbh, 
  my choice of the word legitimately was perhaps a bit strange . 
  i meant in a moral sense , not a legal sense . 
  yeah i agree with you that there is the possibility of online smear campaigning , and that is indeed a serious problem that should be looked into very carefully . 
  i do n't think something like that is currently happening on very large scale , but the line between social network marketing and shilling is very small . 
  this is a worrying trend that should be addressed . 
  also i have n't noticed any such ads but to be honest i do n't frequently visit dutch news outlets online or anything like that ' . 
  i 'm quite ashamed that i did n't notice your germany flair . 
  i automatically assumed you were american . 
  ( see how that just gets into my head ? ), 
  i know i did n't have to explain our political system to you since germany 's is pretty similar . 
  overall i think the integrity of democracy intrinsically requires any `` bribery '' to be absent , and with that in mind the laws for campaign funding should be revisited and perfected . 
  that considered , i do n't think that this particular case is that big of a deal , simply because the amount of money donated is too small to be of major significance . 
  donations from foreign nationals should n't be illegal per se imo . 
  there are plenty of reasons why a foreign national would legitimately want to donate money . 
  however , i do feel that any donations above a certain threshold ( single-time or cumulative ) should be under very strict supervision to exclude the possibility of illegitimate intentions . 
  this is because of the principle that money should never be a shortcut to political achievement . 
  luckily the dutch political system is n't that vulnerable to huge voter differential caused by financial injections . 
  campaigning works very different from what we see in america . 
  every party has its own dedicated tv-time on the public access channel . 
  the whole defamation of character strategy is n't a very valid strategy , and i think that is where most of the campaigning money in the usa is spent on . 
  ( i am not a credible source for that last part ), 
  to be honest , the pvv is n't really considered far-right . 
  it 's the most popular ( according to polls ) party on the right side of the spectrum . 
  the party leader , geert wilders , who is also the only party member , thrives on the collective sentiment among its voters that islam is bad and should not exist in the netherlands . 
  the voters do not care about countries like america because they are `` western '' or `` just like us '' . 
  pvv has a very limited party agenda , basically only addressing its intentions to rid the netherlands of any islam `` propaganda '' , either in form of banning the quran / mosques , or by deporting all `` incompatible '' muslims . 
  so to make my point , the voters only care about the muslims , and do n't give a shit about anything else . 
  it does n't have to be secure if you make friends with neighboring countries ( :,
