i concede , i read the german article . 
  please do n't think i 'm a fool . 
  literally nowhere . 
  i 'm kind of disgusted by how wilders is exploiting what 's happening in europe . 
  especially the way he asked for a vote of no confidence yesterday in the debates following the attacks in paris . 
  but then again , he does that at least a couple times a year . 
  youre just putting words in my mouth to make it seem like i was making extreme points . 
  i never said they were ethnic europeans , nor that hirsi should keep her `` trap shut '' . 
  just that she is in a weak spot . 
  how do you know she knows the culture better than me ? 
  you completely disregard my argument about them not being true muslims , yet you immediatily follow up with a counterargument . 
  let 's just agree to disagree , but do n't twist my words . 
  nothing wrong with a civil argument . 
  yes i think you are right about the real refugees going there . 
  as of yet there is no clear plan what to do next with them . 
  or at least , that info is not being shared with us volunteers . 
  regarding age , you basically see everything there , from kids to senior citizens . 
  though i 'd say most of them are 25-40 or something . 
  most of the ones i spoke to are actually reasonably well educated . 
  i 've had long conversations with a syrian university-professor . 
  he came from homs . 
  as far as language skills are concerned , it varies heavily . 
  the more educated refugees are just as good in english as any non native speaker , however i have to say the men are decidedly better than women . 
  overall i 'd say most of them do speak english to the extent of making conversation very possible . 
  usually i 'm not too sure about where exactly they came from , since my syrian geography is pretty bad . 
  they tell me names of places but i do n't remember them , mainly because it 's not really relevant for me . 
  that 's a far-fetched point to make . 
  besides not all of them were muslims according to islam . 
  they might announce themselves as muslim , but they did n't follow any guidelines set by the qu ` ran . 
  for example , ibrahim abdeslam ( the suicide bomber in front of comptoir voltaire , no casualties ) , did n't do anything else than drink alcohol and smoke weed , according to his ex-wife . 
  on another note , as someone who lied about her migration reasons , hirsi ali has a weak spot to say these things . 
  well , i 'm just speaking from my own experiences . 
  i am a volunteer in a buddy-system to take the psychological edge off of refugees , in de koepel ( a prison transformed to refugee camp in haarlem , netherlands . ), 
  i have yet to see any non-syrians , but i 'll take the statistics for true . 
  i 'm just strongly moved by seeing the fear and terror in those people i have met in de koepel . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3tf1ht/italy_hunting_five_terror_suspects_after_fbi/ original post, 
  it 's not about whether we can , but whether we should . 
  what are you going to do with all the refugees ? 
  just send them back ? 
  the vast majority of current migrants are n't migrating for economical reasons . 
  they are afraid of their lives . 
  as a dutchman , i 'm not too fond of ayaan hirsi ali already , but this is just plain stupid . 
  apparently she did n't get the memo about all terrorist being eu civilians . . 
  i 'm really getting tired of this statement . 
  despite the name `` terrorists '' , daesh does n't just want to strike terror in our hearts . 
  moreso , they do n't care if we 're afraid . 
  all that they care about is our hatred . 
  they are trying to destabilize european multiculturism by turning non-muslims against muslims . 
  this in order to convince western muslims of our racism , to get them to move to the islamic regions . 
  the terrorists did n't win , however they are scoring points everytime a derogatory comment is made , and full time is approaching fast . . 
  you got any source on the 600 ? 
  in light of recent events with rumours spreading like wildfire , i 'd like some verification before i take the number for granted . 
  a very strong picture . 
  these people understand that our differences , like nationality , are n't important . 
  they understand that by focussing on common interests , like football , you 're able to have a good time with everyone !, 
  which could happen to you just as easily in rome . 
  ( where a couple of girls in my class were groped in the train . 
  it 's all about the areas you visit man . 
  hmm i respect your view . 
  i also understand that the people i volunteered with are refugees whose identity has been checked , so they are the `` legit '' ones . 
  so yes i am probably biased as well . 
  also i understand that you might have very different experiences with `` multicultural communities '' . 
  i live in haarlem , which might not be as diverse as rotterdam , but it 's not like i have no experience at all . 
  you did manage to change my view slightly , since the bigger picture is indeed important . 
  it 's just against my personal beliefs to refuse refugees . 
  again , i respect your views since you were able to make good arguments . 
  that doomsday scenario of europe beings islamist is just crazy ... 
  okay first of all i have to give you credit for keeping your calm and discussing in a polite manner . 
  i 'm sorry that i was a bit ... harsh . 
  i think that to say that european people suffer from immigrants is strongly exaggerated . 
  i live very close to new housing units built for refugees , and i 've only seen very grateful and polite people . 
  we clearly have a different view on our obligations as a human . 
  i feel like any human being does n't have the right to have a good life if he does n't at least try to make other people 's lives just as good . 
  i believe in equality for all , regardless of place of birth . 
  i say this because my father was a refugee from columbia . 
  if he was n't accepted in the netherlands , then i would n't have been born here . 
  so i owe every good aspect of my life to the willingness of the netherlands to accept the less fortunate . 
  and i could n't live with myself if i were to take it for granted , and not pursue equality for all less fortunate . 
  i 've been to multiple azc 's and was struck by the fear and gratefulness of the people there . 
  i advise you to see for yourself in an azc . 
  maybe it 'll change your mind , maybe it 'll strengthen your belief . 
  i just get nauseous when i hear everybody speaking about these people as if they 're some sort of product . 
  if i could give up my own home just to give somebody the smallest spark of hope , i would do it without giving it a second thought . 
  okay yes , i had n't thought of it like that . 
  though my feelings say , if one thinks it 's an acceptable byproduct , does n't that automatically mean someone is n't politically educated ? 
  they should know that outlawing mosque 's and qu ` ran is directly in violation of the constitution . 
  anyone with any political knowledge would know that changing the constitution is treading on very thin ice . 
  anyone saying it 's okay changing the constitution so that it does n't apply to muslims , ( which is basically what it means ) is n't that politically educated , since it 's absolute political suicide to do that . 
  oh yeah , they 're stealing our jobs and fucking our kids right ? 
  you 've been spoonfed lies , and you refuse to see the facts for what they are . 
  do n't you hear your own contradiction ? 
  you say most people coming here are economical migrants . 
  then you say that everybody who got here is well off , because they can pay the 3000 dollar . 
  how can you say that every individual case is a tragedy , but not care if there are millions of tragedies . 
  it 's so easy to lose concept of humanity if you 're talking about abstract concepts . 
  i think we can help the whole world . 
  we ca n't help the whole world at once , but we can help them overtime . 
  you 're just convincing yourself that you 're not a bad person for thinking the way you do , but if you 're even slightly conscious , you 'll realize that you 're being an ungrateful dick . 
  i mean , you actually mention the pvv plan and it 's practical non-existence . 
  so therefore is n't it contradictory to state pvv voters are n't less politically educated ?
