very true . 
  i thought he was asking an honest question , rather than stoking fires . 
  carry on then , 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  that was quite the cheap-shot . 
  as a pure-bred irishman , i 'm happy to be in the uk ( northern ireland here ) . 
  the uk is performing very well economically these days , and i 'm happy to reap the rewards . 
  sorry , no offence intended , i was merely joshing !, 
  screw you sweden !, 
  well , there 's northern ireland which is a part of the u.k. 
  `` short lived '' relevance ? 
  last i checked ukip are still polling at the numbers they achieved during the general election , which ca n't be said for the likes of labour who have dropped a few percentage points . 
  if they manage to capitalise on the gains made in the north of england come 2020 , we could see ukip occupying quite the amount of seats in westminster . 
  they 're not gone yet , for better or for worse !, 
  furthermore , it 's likely you 'll see quite a few conservative mps arguing to leave come the debates , so the support for leaving wo n't be as miniscule as you make out . 
  can you explain how he would `` lose a lot of business '' if we left the eu ? 
  more specifically , could you explain why political union is preferable to a simple free trade agreement when it comes to business ? 
  forget free movement of people , we 're screwed if there 's free movement of spiders . 
  can someone eli5 this for me please ? 
  i 'm a brit and about as far removed from this as one can get , i 'm very intruiged as to what is going on though . 
   britain is free to isolate itself if it chooses . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  the reason i 'm voting leave is so that we can stop isolating ourselves within europe . 
  i want us to return to being a global nation , not a european one . 
  for example , if we leave then a free-movement area between the uk and our commonwealth friends in canada , australia and new zealand would become a lot more politically viable ( existing free movement with the eu complicates things ) . 
  polls already show there is [ great public support ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-03-13/australia-canada-nz-support-eu-style-free-movement-poll-says/7242634 ) for this in all 4 nations . 
  i 'm sorry but you continentals do n't seem to understand why we public support is so high for brexit . 
  it 's not that we want to become isolationist . 
  it 's rather because there 's a whole english speaking world out there for us to engage with , which the eu currently inhibits us from doing in certain respects . 
  no it would n't . 
  catholic from ni here , i share largely the same moral values as my protestant neighbours . 
  you 're thinking of divisions along ethnic lines , which were ( for the most part ) put to bed a long time ago . 
  we 're a net contributor to the eu , upon leaving we 'd immediately save money . 
  as for supposed benefits that are n't made clear in the numbers , there 's equal and opposite benefits to leaving - hence why the polls are split 50/50 . 
  `` closet racists ... with a d in a level economics . '', 
  could you explain what is racist about wanting to leave the eu ? 
  that seems like a harsh sweep of the prejudice brush , calling all leave voters `` closet racists . '', 
  in fact , it 's a little similar to how racists use prejudice to justify their racist ( or in your case , political ) viewpoints . 
  furthermore , you simply can not argue that the leave side is economically illiterate . 
  i 'm rather informed on the economics of the eu , and there is no definitive preferable economic option for the uk . 
  both sides have their advantages and disadvantages , but to point to the eu as the fundamental saving grace of the uk economy is laughable . 
  what are you implying ? 
  that we should do nothing ? 
  sweep it all under the rug ? 
  do n't try and guilt-trip him with `` what do you mean someone doing something ? '', 
  as if to imply that the `` something '' is wrong or not necessary . 
  something does need to be done about these terror threats . 
  our lax attitude to the problem in the past has allowed it to snowball to this present level . 
  i feel he should have gave way to his opponent and let him speak a bit more . 
  for the decent man that higgins appears to be , he seemed to shout down any response - if you could even call it that - any time a point was being made . 
  i do n't think anyone should be impressed by this performance , no matter what side of the argument you support . 
  i do n't want to disagree with your point , but on this :  cut the rope binding us to the sinking ship that is a post-brexit uk . 
  you do realise the reason so many of your countrymen voted leave was because they thought the exact same of the eu ? 
  far right groups propping up all over the continent , a non-growth economy , refugee crisis etc. 
  you would n't be hard pressed to find a leave voter commenting this pre-referendum :  cut the rope binding us to the sinking ship that is the eu again , i do n't want to belittle your point . 
  you 're entitled to have it . 
  it 's just interesting that there are parellels to be observed here !, 
  ... greece ? 
  the eu `` helped '' them ? 
  romania and poland have only ever benefited from the eu as new entrants , i would n't class them in the same basket as greece . 
  greece belongs with spain and portugal , as all 3 have seen their youth unemployment skyrocket and standard of living plummet since joining the euro . 
  the only `` help '' the eu offered them was austerity . 
  and because scotland would n't be able to devalue their own currency to offset economic hardship ( the uk economy is still growing fastest amongst the g7 , as the crashing pound has `` absorbed '' the brexit shock ) austerity would be the answer for scotland too . 
  i 'm shocked you view the eu in such a positive light , particularly in regards to greece . 
  could you clarify your thoughts on how the eu has helped greece further ? 
   i want higher taxes interesting . 
  i know this is a common `` left '' viewpoint , but it just seems weird for a normal everyday person to say it . 
  if you do n't mind , could i ask where you are in regards to your career ? 
  still a student ? 
  middle income office worker ? 
  high earning businessman ? 
  i ask simply because i ca n't imagine the latter especially wanting such a thing , yet plenty of people of student age do . 
  but then i 've been wrong before !, 
  maybe i 'm misreading this , but the poll you just linked suggest more scots support the foreign worker lists move . 
  it says that 50 % of scots support the move , whilst 35 % align with sturgeon and oppose it . 
  am i reading it wrong ? 
  i apologise , please correct if me if so !, 
  she 's not in step with them either , is she ? 
  that 's a 50/50 split for snp voters , and one would imagine that support for this move is lower in the likes of the scottish conservative party . 
  sturgeon is most definitely , at the very least , not `` in '' step with scottish voters . 
  rather , it 'd be reasonable to assume she 's ever so slightly out of step with them . 
  it 's worth noting that sturgeon 's position is rather significantly out of step with public opinion . 
  59 % of the public support foreign worker lists , while 28 % `` somewhat or stongly oppose '' them . 
  source : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/foreign-workers-list-poll-yougov-amber-rudd-plans-immigration-a7348821.html that 's more than a 2:1 ratio of support for this move , and by extension shows that what sturgeon is advocating here is a significant minority position . 
  unfortunately , i suspect mrs sturgeon is simply disagreeing with this move for disagreement 's sake . 
  in her mind , this ideological difference between the scottish devolved government and the uk government is yet another reason for independence . 
  ... and wales ? 
  and what about merry old england ? 
  why ? 
  you should stop letting your political views cloud your judgement . 
  islamic extremism has killed far more people in europe in the last year than far right terrorism likely will in a decade + , going at the current rate . 
  both sets of terrorism are deplorable , but please do n't try and ignore the more prominent source of it in favour of a certain world view . 
  that solves nothing . 
  half ? 
  i thought 55 % agreed with me , that 's more than half right ? 
  i 'm curious , are you as xenephobic towards foreigners from europe as you are towards your fellow countrymen ? 
  w-what ? 
  how is an englishman foreign in scotland ? 
  they speak the same language , share the same culture , law , political systems , currency , way of life and yes - country . 
  not even the most valiant of eu federalists , for example , can hope for such a relationship between eu states .
