  sorry man but you 're talking bollocks . 
  we 're the one nation - irishmen , scotsmen , welshmen and englishmen . 
  as an irishman i welcome my english friends to these shores with open arms , yeah we have a troubled history but that 's behind us now . 
  it 's really troubling to me , that as an irishman , i look across to scotland and see the same seething contempt for the english that plagued my part of the uk only 20 years ago . 
  we 've moved on , i hope scotland does n't move in the other direction . 
   xenophobic sack of shit as far as i could tell , xenophobia had nothing to do with this man 's decision . 
  with all due respect , it was accusations such as yours which seem to have galvanised the leave vote . 
  there was great frustration and anger expressed by all classes of leave voters at being labelled `` xenophobic '' or `` racist . '', 
  generally , if you attack someone for their views - especially when it comes in the form of unsubstantiated accusations - those views only harden . 
  this seems to have been the case during the referendum campaign . 
  i suggest you watch [ this video about ethnic minority leave voters ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fec8ya-mhxk ) , which paints a very rarely seen picture of how even immigrants felt the need to leave europe , similar to the native population . 
  perhaps you 're not fully informed on all the factors that lead to brexit , but i can assure you that 52 % of the british population is not xenophobic . 
  economics , perceptions of sovereignty and a lack of european identity in the uk all contributed towards the exit vote . 
  perhaps it is an issue with media perception on the continent , but it is important to note that someone voting leave does not immediately equate them to a xenophobe . 
  on an unrelated note , i do personally regret that things ended up this way . 
  hopefully the uk and eu can continue to be close partners in the future . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i 've watched a few post-brexit documentaries , detailing the reasons and motivations of lower classes that primarily voted leave . 
  every single time they were asked about the economy , their response was : `` yeah it 'll be tough to begin with , but we 'll get through it . '', 
  you have to remember that these lower classes endured the financial crisis and still have n't recovered from it . 
  they have nothing left to lose , and so if the economy tanks they 'll not care nor will they likely notice , given their already downtrodden economic situation . 
  i even watched in disbelief as a man who worked at a car manufacturing plant admitted he was willling to lose his job , as long as brexit went through . 
  his reasoning ? 
  `` for the greater good , i 'm thinking about my children and my grandchildren . '', 
  brexit is a result of a hangover from the financial crisis . 
  whilst middle / upper classes may have recovered from it , there is a huge and undocumented underclass of british citizens who have n't . 
  they were the ones who voted for brexit . 
  ** tldr : the lower classes , already utterly screwed from the hangover from the financial crisis and brexit 's biggest voting bloc , do n't care about the state of the economy . 
  they want brexit above all else , at any cost . 
  averting brexit would further marginalize and anger them , leading to worse outcomes in the future . 
  break it up you two . 
  it 's a shame that us europeans need to be in political union to get along . 
  we are all of europe , just not all of the european union . 
  there 's what , only 400m ~ people in europe ? 
  a population increase of 200 % ( or more ) of relatively uneducated masses would collapse the continent . 
  i do n't exaggerate when i say that . 
  i ca n't imagine economic consequences of having to support all these people , never mind the social implications . 
  the future is scary . 
  europe needs to take a strong position on this , even if it is n't humane . 
  we either protect our borders or collapse under he sheer weight of the migrations to come . 
  i 've always been curious about this . 
  is n't the front national popular with the youth in france too ? 
  yet here in the uk , the youth seems diametrically opposed to such parties as fn and the policies they represent . 
  it 's the old in britain that were principally behind brexit , for example - not the young . 
  what is so different between the uk 's youth and the youth in france / netherlands / elsewhere in europe ? 
  it 's always perplexed me why our respective youth have such different political outlooks . 
  it is slightly worrying seeing how much blind support people give to the eu - expecially on this subreddit . 
  i wish the swedes and your neighbours luck in the coming years . 
  you were always great allies when it came to taming the federalist tendencies of the eu , hopefully you do n't suffer too much without us . 
  that 's not to say we 'll have it any easier , our own task in the years ahead is massive . 
  hopefully you can deliver the eu reforms that we could n't !, 
  i 'm sorry if i appeared insensitive or rude !, 
  the numbers made me very curious was all , it certainly challenged my perceptions !, 
  i have a great respect for spain and am fascinated by its history . 
  wow , more immigrants in spain than the uk ? 
  can anyone explain this ? 
  is this primarily economic migration ? 
  if so , what makes spain so attractive despite their high unemployment rate relative to the uk ? 
  wow , more immigrants in spain than the uk ? 
  can anyone explain this ? 
  is this primarily economic migration ? 
  if so , what makes spain so attractive despite their high unemployment rate relative to the uk ? 
  nor has the euro , especially looking to the long term . 
  the pound at least has shown it can whether crises without having it 's very existence called into question . 
  northern ireland and bulgaria are cornerstones of european stability and power , do n't let anyone tell you otherwise !, 
  northern ireland / bulgaria stronk !, 
  i 'd argue that the free entry of millions of `` refugees '' from cultures that are completely unsympathetic to european values was a much greater threat to european stability . 
  certainly moreso than european nationalists rising to power . 
  from the multiple user surveys conducted , you 'll find that it 's quite a balanced subreddit . 
  in fact , the last survey had the lib dems as the largest preferred party , who are very pro-eu . 
  i think people get the impression that r/ukpolitics is a pro-brexit sub from the fact that compared to the rest of reddit , pro-brexit opinions are n't downvoted to oblivion on sight . 
  reddit as a whole is very left wing , so to have a sub even entertaining right-wing viewpoints is unusual on this website . . 
  not too familiar with german politics / the afd in general . 
  are n't they just the german version of ukip ? 
  my impression is that they are n't overly extreme , but then i do n't know much about them . 
  any info would be appreciated !, 
  did n't those same american people vote for trump ? 
   same old antisemitic , homophobic , xenophobic , petain nostalgic shit be very wary of falling back on these insults . 
  a large part of why trump and brexit succeeded was this sort of name calling . 
  it only hardens peoples ' views . 
  do not repeat the mistakes of your compatriots in the usa and uk . 
  tackle the arguments and win people to your side - calling the other side racist wo n't do do that . 
  it 's truly unfortunate that we need to worry about such things . 
  our once peaceful continent is only going to get more dangerous as the months and years go by . 
  unless we make changes for the sake of our own and childrens ' safety , we will end up like israel . 
  that is to say , our day to day lives will see us surrounded by more and more security apparatus , with a political class that is increasingly concerned with bolstering said security apparatus and implementing extreme policies to that effect . 
  when i was younger , i imagined the future of europe to be peaceful , open and a overall progression of how far we had come since the days of european division . 
  now i look to a future that is tainted by the dark cloud of hatred , prejudice and bloodshed . 
  i imagine the young europeans of the future will curse our generation for the europe that we have left for them - i do n't know if they 'll ever understand how we squandered such a peaceful continent in favour of one rife with fear and division . 
  i always worry when i hear about assimilation , and how to do it correctly . 
  short of some stronghanded government policy that forces people to live where they 're told to in order to force assimilation , i ca n't see any policy succeeding . 
  look to the usa . 
  there are still segregated white , black and asian communities . 
  whole neighborhoods , lacking any `` diversity '' at all . 
  the usa has failed in integrating peoples of different backgrounds even after 150-200 years . 
  i feel human nature will always be a barrier to integration - the want to `` live among your own , '' so to speak . 
  looking at the present situation in europe , it 's clear we have already failed in integration in general . 
  hell , my native northern ireland is still segregated between catholic and protestant , after 400 + years !, 
  it 's why i worry for our future - i fear by encouraging immigration , we are encouraging new and increased segregation within europe . 
  that 's a fair point .
