not that shocking that money can get you fake passports . 
  not exactly a new thing . 
  besides , having a syrian passport does not yet get you into europe . 
  those people fighting there have a nationality . 
  they could try getting into europe with their saudi , iraqi , afghani or whatever passports as well . 
  me too ( like an archaic combination of dutch and enlish ) . 
  not surprising considering old dutch dialects/languages and old saxon dialects/languages stem from the northwest of germany/the low countries . 
  died in 1924 . 
  we are living in the '30s , get with the times . 
  nor did the brits have the right to invade iraq . 
  metal ? 
  such wealth . 
  they appear to be mostly collecting plastic here in sofia ( for about 8 cents per kilo apparently ) . 
  i have no idea how they can afford anything with that kind of income . 
  rather sad . 
  very true as well , but i am not sure if it is worse than indonesia as indonesia was our sole fault . 
  about srebrenica people always say ( correctly ) that none of the promised support showed up and they were outnumbered , but no shot was fired while 8000 people died . 
  easy to say as an internet warrior who was n't there i know , but it does n't feel right at all and too easy an excuse . 
  i do n't blame the individual soldier , but it is a big failure by our politicians , military staff and allies . 
  embarrasing as in the worst thing we did : the [ politionele acties ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politionele_acties ) , what is the reconquest of indonesia after the second world war . 
  a lot of manslaughter at the end of european imperialism . 
  the dumbest : being completely unprepared for ww2 . 
  having a promise of protection from the british and general good relations/neutrality with germany made us invest nothing in the army for decades , which caused our army to be underequiped for ww1 at the start of ww2 . 
  our main battle rifle was the austrian steyr mannlicher 1895 ( that is also the year it was designed ) . 
  sure we would have been defeated anyway probably , but just having a bit more anti-aircraft guns would have been useful ( since [ fortress holland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_netherlands#dutch_defensive_strategy ) more or less stills stood at the moment of surrender ) . 
  i have visited it . 
  once you figure out how the public transportation / busstations work you can travel the entire country from beirut and see all the highlights in a matter of days . 
  it is great to travel . 
  the food is great as well . 
  i recently posted [ some pictures here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/travel/comments/3dtfu1/a_week_in_lebanon_in_december/ ) on / r/travel of my trip last year . 
  unfortunately not everywhere is safe ( due to hezbollah/israel conflict in the the south and threats from is in the east ) . 
  it has seen a lot of conflict in the past ( civil war , syrian occupation , conflict with israel ) , which makes it a bit amazing how relatively functional it now is . 
  still , there are lots of problems with refugees from palestine ( and now syria ) , some of which have been there in camps for decades ( our problems in europe are comparatively tiny ) . 
  there are also tensions between sunnis , shias and christians . 
  france in favour ? 
  time changes . 
  they killed off the [ european defense community ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_defence_community ) in the 1950 's ( which they proposed themselves in the first place ) . 
  if after 10 years in office her goals are not clear does that not mean that she probably at least does not have any selfish or evil intentions ? 
  it might look dangerous , but stuff like this happens all the time and pilots train on it a lot . 
  look up some of the extreme windshear landing videos on youtube . 
  cause they really wanted to and the organization was cool about it . 
   - language ( turkic , not indo-european ) - religion ( not christian like most other european nations ) - ethnicity ( largely asiatic/me origin people ) - politics ( not part of the eu ) and geographically it 's on the periphery of europe , at best only the latter one should be a reason , since this sub is about geographical europe . 
  there are other countries which are not christian , do n't speak a slavic/romance/germanic language or have a population that migrated from somewhere far away a couple of centuries ago . 
  the real question should be whether istanbul is enough to be considered european . 
  the eu seems to be willing to have talks s with them about accession and they join us in other associations as well ( e.g. 
  if not turkey then i do n't feel we really should have the countries in the caucasus either . 
  i 'm fine with them on this sub , it 's not like it 's a big deal anyways . 
  we 're not trying too overtly trying to make a political statement and force it unto others . 
  besides the sidebar says : `` a forum for discussion about europe * and its neighbourhood * . '', 
  are you sure its german milk and not just greek milk being sold by lidl ? 
  i live in bulgaria now and rather few products seem simmilar than those sold in dutch and german lidl 's . 
  yes lidl is cheaper here as well than for example picadilly , but picadilly is n't bulgarian either . 
  they both use local products among others , lidl is just a cheap discounter . 
  eh well you can make subgroups and subgroups of subgroups . 
  but really , you can create any sort of groupings using whatever divisions you like . 
  popular ones are culture ( e.g. 
  latin/germanic/slavic and some other minor ones ) and religion ( catholic/protestant/orthodox , looks rather similar to the culture one ) . 
  these two divisions tend to have some predictive power on what a country 's policies are and who its friends are for example . 
  for example the germanic/protestant countries ( northwestern europe ) tend to be socially more progressive , economically more austere . 
  it is not perfect though , some countries ca n't be grouped very well ( e.g. 
  hungary and greece have unique cultures , uk always wants to stay more independent to the rest , religion does n't have exactly the same borders as culture ) , there are divisions with groups ( e.g. 
  germany and nl have a corpororatist welfare state , while the nordics are social-democratic , and every new election result can make a country go on a completely different path these days ( e.g. 
  switching between populist right wing and social democracy ) . 
  there are n't a perfect unflawed divisions into 10 groups possible . 
  yeah , as long as you realize they are not in the game for charity either . 
  china does a lot of development work in africa , but in return they take or own large parts of natural resources . 
  chinese/russian investments may be nice , but do n't be surprised if your previously public services and other parts of the economy are suddenly controlled by foreign government enterprises . 
  well the government would probably need to go back to its own currency if it defaults , since it wo n't have any euro 's in order to do anything at all ( as in stop everything else from working at that point ) . 
  you bring up a valid point : in many countries ( mostly third world and conflict territories ) you 'll find that apart from the official currency ( or not even the official currency ) people will acccept and trade for other currencies ( usd or other big currencies ) . 
  it is a consequence of having an unstable or worthless currency . 
  shortly after the government , the banks will default since they are dependent on government and international loans . 
  in order to have anything remotely resembling a functional banking system , the greek government will need to nationalize the banking sector ( or someone else would have to ? 
  unlikely i guess ) . 
  as they can not do it with euro 's ( since they have none and do not control it ) , they will need to create their own currency ( which will immediately be worth very little ) . 
  at least that would make the most sense . 
  after that , no idea . 
   the younger ones are easier to deal with , they heard of dubrovnik and zr\u0107e beach so you just explain you 're halfway between . 
  the next day they 'll surely go to either of those place , depending on the bus lines . 
  just wondering , do you get a lot of people these days that want to specifically visit dubrovnik , because of its role as king 's landing in game of thrones ? 
   nato = usa + the countries usa protects , basically . 
    nobody is really expecting countries like germany , italy etc to honor the article 5 . 
  that was the whole original point of article 5 and also the reason west germany was rearmed during the cold war to being with : everyone helps if the soviets invade . 
  since the end of the cold war , most european countries have pretty much neutered themselves . 
  is this general unwillingness to help or rather a pacifist sort of spirit ? 
  like how in japan you have this big pacifist movement that wants to prevent rearmament . 
  or does the article not specify ( due to being statistical ) ? 
  iraq did this as well in 2000 . 
  the us changed it back three years later . 
  they could just do it like the us and classify any male above 12 killed in an airstrike not as a civilian but as a combatant . 
  gets rid easy enough of a large part of those ` civilians ' on the casualty lists . 
  brings in mind an article i read about japan years ago . 
  japanese apparently smoke a lot , but have a relatively low amount of lung cancer deaths . 
  what was suggested was that consumption of other locally popular things ( like very high amounts of green tea ) had dampening effects . 
  no idea if it is true of course . 
  the word commercial was a bit misleading to me in this regard . 
  `` commercial '' is a word you normally would not want to associate with euthanasia . 
  of course in this case it is just getting help from a medical professional . 
  it is a not a good solution i think . 
  now help with euthanasia is allowed , but only by amateurs , internet experts and the like . 
   exactly , you 're making my point to me .
