  germans can probably cram it in one and a half though . 
  when people not very knowledgeable about northern europe say `` scandinavia '' , they usually mean `` the nordic countries '' . 
  the concept of nordic is much less widely known . 
  there is n't a huge difference there , so it 's often easier to just let it be . 
  also , scandinavia can be defined in several ways . 
  geographically , it 's pretty much only sweden and norway , perhaps including a bit of finland . 
  linguistically it 's sweden , norway and denmark , and some might include iceland . 
  culturally , finland is absolutely included . 
  all the more amusing because , geographically , finland is more scandinavian ( a tiny bit ) than denmark ( not at all since losing norway and sk\u00e5ne ) . 
  if most days are thursday , how do people know which thursday is which ? 
  or does it matter at all ? 
  i appreciate slapstick as much as anyone , but every once in a while you wish for some variety . 
  now i 'm curious about what irish calendars look like . 
  life imitates art . 
  i agree . 
  that 's the most intelligible i 've ever heard a swede talk . 
  that is nice . 
  need to find one for my collection . 
  i have no idea , why would i want to use finnish wikipedia ? 
  i could n't tell you why , but for some reason we leave our personal space on the outside . 
  sauna tends to bring out the crazy in some people . 
  the restaurant at mannerheimintie is designed so poorly it does n't take a lot to get queues . 
  queue outside and only ~ 20 % of the seats occupied is n't uncommon . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm by far not an expert on the matter , but in my experience the general impression with people ( that have ever given it any thought at least ) is that before the war estonia was wealthier than finland . 
  after the war , obviously , we have two powerful opposing forces creating a gap : the soviets pushing estonia down , and war reparations forcing rapid industrialization in finland . 
  mock sweden . 
  what else ? 
  it 's a gimmick that can be booked for special events and such . 
  starting from 250 $ / 3h . 
  according to their site the sauna has room for 15 people ( big deal , just a couple of weeks ago we fit 17 in one for 3 people ) , and a lounge area or something is also included . 
  in some sports halls you can watch the game from a sauna : http://www.raumanlukko.fi/sites/lukko.molentum.com/files/sauna.jpg, 
  it really does sound like that sometime in the 1870s or so they proudly proclaimed `` done ! '', 
  and have n't touched a thing since . 
  i 've never heard of anyone using them for anything other than cleaning the bathroom though . 
  russia has significant leverage over finland solely because they 're not in nato , and use the leverage frequently . 
  that 's why they throw a hissy fit every time it looks like any country is taking steps towards protection from the continental bully . 
  i guess the blank part of coastal china in the second map is explained by the demand for protein . 
  for agriculture-themed things we need a new type : elil , explain like i 'm latvian . 
  easy mistake to make . 
  then again lavrov has said russia would start world war 3 over finland joining nato . 
  ( well , technically said that finland joining would start the war without saying who exactly would start it , but it 's not like that kind of statement leaves many options ) . 
  typical russian fear mongering of course . 
  yeah , but cthulhu rises from the sea , while denmark barely peeks over the surface a bit . 
  maybe if he had a bit more freedom he could speak up . 
  yes indeed , i 'm aware erdogan 's support is largely from the rural areas and the turks i know in turkey are from the big cities in the west . 
  that 's pretty rich coming from one of the most murderous invaders on the planet . 
  russia has always gone to its neighbors to rape , enslave , loot , destroy and invade , periods of relative friendship have been short , few and far between . 
  russian backed separatists fire on georgians civilians . 
  georgia returns fire , then moves in to confront the aggressors . 
  russia invades georgia . 
  just how is georgia the aggressor here ? 
  a few centuries back germany ( well , not that it existed as a singular country at the time ) was seen as the quiet poet guy sitting in the corner while france was the engineer of europe . 
  or so i 've read somewhere . 
  interestingly of the turks i know ( admittedly not a huge number ) , all the ones living in turkey are strongly anti-erdogan , while those living abroad support him . 
  that 's probably the one i 've heard of . 
  completely forgettable face , probably could n't tell him from the russian guy tomorrow . 
  i know ronaldo by name , as in there 's a footballer by that name . 
  no idea what he looks like or how he 's different from a million other people with names ending in - do or something . 
  no idea whatsoever about this messi character you speak of . 
  ouch , sick burn for both finnish football fans . 
  who can tell one footballer from another ? 
  half of them have almost identical names , too . 
  i do n't know about you , but my keyboard only has one w key . 
  you also have a reputation for filling your bags with food at the hotel breakfast so you wo n't have to buy any food during the day . 
  there 's an urban legend that a finn once got enough of watching a group of germans doing this , picked up a pot of coffee , walked over , said `` you forgot the drinks '' , and proceeded to pour coffee all over their bags . 
  `` if booze , tar and sauna wo n't heal it , it 's lethal '' . 
  - old finnish saying guess we 're not so different after all . 
  fine , i did misread your post . 
  i 'm glad if you 're working towards making russia a civilized nation , but based on most of your posts i find that difficult to believe . 
  you * helped * people ? 
  i have no words . 
  that 's the most disgusting way i 've seen anyone justify russian crimes recently . 
  could you please help yourselves next ? 
  i do believe russia is in possession of enough explosives and nukes to help itself quite a bit . 
  would you like to start by helping your own home ? 
  i 'm not a detonation expert but i think a couple of high caliber artillery shells should go a long way . 
  technically correct , the best kind of correct . 
  temporary being a very appropriate word here . 
  you 're currently occupying a large chunk of ukraine and you are here very busy defending all the atrocities you 've done . 
  just that not every russian , only a clear majority , supports it does n't absolve you . 
  you have plenty to be ashamed of . 
  it 's a tragedy about odessa , but maybe they should n't have shot at unarmed civilians and set the building they holed up in on fire . 
  i am neither biased nor ignoring things . 
  you 're pulling up stuff i have not said a word about in an attempt to sling mud at me . 
  says quite a bit about your character , really . 
  yeah , keep trying to twist the truth with your lies . 
  not even ukrainian sources that have determined the russian shelling . 
  and knowing the mentality most russians , like yourself , display , it 's very easy to see them shelling civilians whose home they have occupied only to demonize their victim . 
  it 's hard work , trying to break free from being a vassal to much more powerful nation that 's hell bent on keeping you on a tight leash and as weak as possible . 
  certainly true in the case of russia . 
  russia has been caught pants down shelling civilians in russian-occupied areas only to blame ukraine time and time again . 
  ukraine has no reason whatsoever to target their own citizens , russia has no qualms about murdering civilians . 
  russia is best friends with all the nazis and neo nazis in the world , the main source of funding for neo nazis in europe , and putin hangs out publicly with them all the time , so what 's you point again ? 
  a brief history of russia in five words : `` and then it got worse '' . 
  and in finland . 
  nobody eats it though , but for some reason it has to be on the table . 
  unfortunately i could n't find english articles about it . 
  finnish articles began appearing in either 2014 or 2015 , citing a handful of sources , for example this study from 2008 : http://www.nature.com/ejhg/journal/v17/n10/full/ejhg200953a.html plenty of articles in english about finnish genetics , but mainly they concern with us being aliens , not two different types of aliens , 
  explanation : recent studies show that finns are not one people , but made up of two genetically distinct peoples .
