  pacman is just one of his many loving nicknames . 
  the most common though is desantti , because it resembles docent , and is also the word for russian airborne saboteurs and terrorists that went around murdering civilians during the war . 
  contrary to the map , finland does not have any coop stores . 
  but one of the two major supermarket chains co-operates with swedish coop and stocks some coop-branded products . 
  naturally . 
  we should still take the final step into nato together . 
  you have nothing to apologize for . 
  finland and sweden are very similar , yet there are underlying differences like this . 
  they also often come as a surprise to finns and swedes . 
  in many ways sweden remains significantly more liberal than finland . 
  in finland this is often seen as letting swedes test ideas for a while before adopting them ourselves . 
  although i find that acceptance percentage unfortunately low . 
  we used to have to listen to it all the time watching f1 so it was easier to just get used to it . 
  i 'm fine , thanks . 
  i probably should n't start going on dates at this point , my wife would probably disapprove . 
  honestly , i 'm fairly certain i 've never been on a date in my life . 
  still somehow managed to get married . 
  in finnish baseball , the batter can simply ignore the ball and not even try hitting it , if he so wishes . 
  ah , i was n't aware of that . 
  just assumed that you could n't because north americans i 've explained the game to are often amazed by it being possible . 
  and you can steal first base . 
  you call them moose . 
  picture was taken in kuhmo , eastern border , pretty much in the middle on the north/south axis . 
  yeah . 
  you need to introduce them to the space between a hammer and an anvil individually , an you still ca n't be sure . 
  well , we must remember that the russian definition of fascism is `` anything we do n't currently like '' . 
  i think you may have forgotten to take your medicine . 
  an argument being untrue has never stopped anyone from trying to use it to their advantage however . 
  ah , but when you start `` they way system works now ... '' you sort of give the impression you 're talking about the present . 
  also , things do n't seem to have changed in the 25 years since i started school , although i ca n't speak for the 80s . 
  that sounds bizarre . 
  according to everything i 've found , things are still pretty much the way they were when i was in school - a1 language , mandatory , english for almost everybody , starts at ~ 3rd grade , a2 language , voluntary , 4th-5th grade , b1 language , typically mandatory swedish , at 7th grade , and b2 , voluntary additional language , 8th grade . 
  replied to the other person writing a similar message . 
  it may be made mandatory on a municipal or individual school level , usually using a lack of teachers as a reason/excuse . 
  so it can be locally mandatory , but to the best of my knowledge there is no national decree making it mandatory . 
  it 's just by far the most common a1 language , and some schools choose to not offer other options . 
  well , technically english is not a mandatory subject , it 's just that over 99 % of students choose it as their mandatory foreign language . 
  my wife , for example , studied german instead of english as the foreign language , though she took english later as a voluntary subject . 
  obviously finland . 
  aimed at consumers with very unsteady hands . 
  do n't ask me , i 'm just a swede living in denial . 
  actually we still use peat for that . 
  minus the dyke and below sea level parts . 
  indeed . 
  why make anything useful out of something that burns so nicely . 
  not a single tree in sight , but they still wasted wood for shoes . 
  probably for co-operating with germany , however slight it was . 
  mainly allowing troop transportation through sweden and sweden selling them iron and other materials - both of which were essentially a case of germans asking reasonably nicely , with every party knowing sweden could either agree , or cry and agree . 
  i 'm not convinced things would have turned out better for anyone if swedes had chosen armed resistance , so i 'll give them a pass for generally making good decisions in a bad position , and say they should n't feel bad over it . 
  country : finland favorite : norway ( hah !, 
  take that sweden ! ), 
  least favorite : russia ( to everybody 's huge surprise ), 
  yes . 
  - nen performs the same role in finnish . 
  well , tie = road . 
  thanks . 
  always nice to see how similar finnish and estonian are once you scratch the surface a bit . 
  the surnames are a similar story here , only people had a slightly different approach to them in different parts of the country . 
  could be a last name from anywhere saarinen = little island ( - nen is diminutive ) , typical for the east saarela = place of island , typical for the west, 
  since you mention - nen , how about - la or something similar in estonian ? 
  in finnish , traditionally the surname suffix has been - nen in the east and - la in the west . 
  i honestly can not tell which comment you might be referring to - and even so , if there is one comment along the lines of what you claim the general response was , the vast majority of the comments here are almost exactly opposite . 
  do n't you think your generalisation is a bit off here ? 
  i feel like you and i have been reading different comments in this thread . 
  you forgot / s, 
  and even worse , preventing existing people from being russian citizens . 
  a byproduct of a little known bio branch of your weapons industry . 
  it 's lapskoussi i 'm unfamiliar with , not riisipuuro . 
  i 'm finnish , hence the surprise over not having heard of it before , 
  never heard of that before . 
  weird . 
  just going to leave my 0,02 of your denomination of choice : every finnish mother probably says that about africa , but this is the first time i 've come across a case where it 's been extended to middle-east . 
  interesting coincidence the basque word for wolf is otso - it is also one of the more common finnish synonyms for bear . 
  russia invaded their closest ally . 
  conventional logic goes out the window when the leadership needs to manufacture crises to keep the general public from noticing how they 're being shafted . 
  in finland we do it around easter , dress up as witches and give decorated branches and a blessing for the rest of the year in exchange for sweets . 
  much if not most of this thread seemed to be about students . 
  mind you , even those who only plan on finishing second level education can rarely do it in their hometown , so the same applied for lower education levels . 
  high school is just about the only thing you 're more or less guaranteed to be able to attend while living with your parents . 
  few young people will be able to find education in something they want to study within a daily commute distance from their parents over here in finland . 
  so unless you want to become uneducated dead weight with no hope of ever getting employed , you have to get an apartment wherever the university or college you managed to get in happens to be . 
  but we know what those ones are . 
  this , nobody 's ever heard of . 
  why the hell would i remove a message ? 
  i have used absolutely zero weasel words , but you 're refusing to accept a survey showing clear support for nato assuming certain circumstances - a point you have not been able to refute . 
  if you can show that the situation has changed in the two and a half years since the study i refer to was made , please present them instead of crying and stomping your feet . 
  '' ... the small amount of self-proclaimed ultra-nationalists that spit on the graves of our war veterans ... '' it 's cute how you pretend you 're not the one who started name-calling . 
  oh , and you 're also the one taking a piss on the veterans ' graves . 
  i 'm not surprised you 'd think of that . 
  it 's very common to project your own flaws onto people you consider your opponents . 
  you 're attacking a claim i have never made , because you know full well you can not refute the one i did make . 
  you 're just trying to obfuscate the situation . 
  oh , i 'm not saying it because you do n't share my opinion , i 'm saying it because , knowingly or not , you are very actively working to further his agenda . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  the soviet union has n't been around for 25 years and yet we find people like you kowtowing to kremlin out of habit . 
  it 's quite obvious by now that his tongue is so far up putin 's ass it 'll come out his mouth any moment now . 
  i see you 're still spreading the same anti-intellectual bullshit . 
  http://www.verkkouutiset.fi/kotimaa/nato%20galluppi%20julki%20ti-17919 that 's 53 % for and 34 % against should the political leadership endorse nato . 
  i expect the scores have n't gotten any more anti-nato since then considering russia has been up to their usual antics the whole time . 
  on a side note , i am rather disgusted by pro-finlandization traitors such as yourself .
