  it probably had n't really taken root though . 
  this is starting to sound like one of swedish people 's party 's favorite reasonings : `` speaking swedish is a prerequisite to civilization '' . 
  they somehow fail to see the idiocy . 
  learning a second foreign language is well and good . 
  two foreign languages might very well be mandatory in my opinion . 
  but if you want to learn a useful language in addition to english , it 's going to be your third foreign language . 
  the problem is n't that we get to learn it . 
  the problem is we have to , resulting in ridiculous loss of resources for a language most people will never use in their lives . 
  the end result is fewer foreign languages being learned , because there 's only so much time you can dedicate to studying new languages , and few have the time and energy for a 3rd or 4th foreign language . 
  the good thing about kouvola is , you wo n't have to go within hundreds of kilometers of it . 
  in finland suppliers jump up and down with joy if they manage to sign up with lidl instead of the local duopoly cartel . 
  honorary mention to the wuppertal schwebebahn : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/wuppertal_suspension_railway personally i like to think it resulted from germans stealing the plans for the london underground and reading them upside down . 
  not that i know of , but i guess my friend really disliked her politics in general . 
  what do you think you 'll find on the other side of the camera ? 
  to explain the latter one : frying in butter makes anything better . 
  except russia , they 're incurable . 
  a friend went and bought a bottle of good argentinian wine and invited friends over when thatcher kicked the bucket . 
  felt weird , there are n't many people whose passing i 'd be willing to celebrate so . 
  it should be quite obvious to anyone with half a brain that , especially in a context like this , it 's an opinion and not based on any secret documents stumbled upon . 
  also cute how you throw around phrases like pro-nato propaganda for anything you do n't like . 
  which is incidentally the exact same as you do . 
  common sense and russia 's unchanged opportunism and behavior patterns . 
  yes , i know you lumped it at the bottom of that group , but you put it in there anyway . 
  also , some non-nato countries will be targeted before any attack against nato is made . 
  years ago i recall watching a documentary that featured people from northern germany moving to denmark , sweden , even finland to work , because the other option would have been moving to bavaria , and they did n't want to experience the culture shock . 
  finland will certainly not be safe . 
  history has taught us that war in europe inevitably means war in finland . 
  although better off than many places probably , intensity would likely be lower than in most other areas . 
  be careful now , they might decide to shave you and eat you . 
  dark blonde really is n't a thing in these parts . 
  either you 're blonde or you 're not , there 's no consolation prizes . 
  yeah , that would be a clear case of brunette in my books . 
  it 's funny how perceptions vary . 
  to fellow nordics , my hair is brown . 
  pretty much everywhere else i 'm considered blonde . 
  never seen a doctor while donating blood in finland , just nurses . 
  they have a doctor on standby they can call if they need to have a doctor 's opinion about something . 
  i 'd assume the biggest cities may have a doctor present though , but the donation center is open only two days a week in my town . 
  anyway . 
  once you arrive you check in , the nurse at the desk checks your record and makes sure it 's been long enough since your previous visit . 
  you 're given the form ( one side with your basic information , the other with plenty of checkboxes ) , told to drink a few glasses of juice and take a number once you 've filled the form . 
  afterwards a nurse will check your form , double checks any medical conditions or medication you may have , and checks your hemoglobin level . 
  then you pick a bed for the actual donation . 
  refreshments , sandwiches , cookies and stuff available afterwards ( or even if you for some reason were n't eligible to donate that time . 
  it 's the thought that counts ) . 
  i 've always felt very welcome . 
  graystonia , istonia ... 
  i hear denmark wants them back . 
  many finns have amusing stories to tell of the dubbed ( old ) movies they 've seen on tv while visiting estonia . 
  clint eastwood saying `` kussa on mun hopotiti ? '', 
  can understandably crack anyone up . 
  really ? 
  i keep hearing it repeated as accepted truth all the time , but glad to hear if it is n't so . 
  think what you will of kgb , but they did a very good job at poisoning finns ' minds with anti-nato propaganda . 
  already posted it . 
  also you seem to have serious issues with reading comprehension . 
  `` do you support x ? '', 
  is a very different question than `` do you support x if political leadership is in favour of it ? '' . 
  idiot . 
  there you go : http://www.verkkouutiset.fi/kotimaa/nato%20galluppi%20julki%20ti-17919 slightly lower percentage than i remembered , but over the 50 % mark by more than the margin of error in any case . 
  different study , buddy . 
  finland is very important to russian strategic interests , and if the situation grows tense , they will absolutely move in to secure the area . 
  i do n't have my hopes up either , unfortunately . 
  and that 's what i responded to . 
  finland honors treaties to a fault . 
  it 's for domestic propaganda purposes . 
  well , there 's been a study that shows that , while there is a lot of uneducated base reluctance , a clear majority is in favor of joining nato if the government supports it . 
  so the opposition really is n't strong . 
  we just need politicians to finally grow a spine and actually announce an opinion . 
  finns have stayed out for far too long out of fear of angering russia ( which does n't need any help getting angry whenever and for whatever it wants ) , but are not exactly known for not honoring agreements . 
  finland is one of the few european nations that could fully pull their weight this very day . 
  accounting for the cost of conscription to the economy finland easily beats the 2 % mark . 
  and while not able to project power the same way some significantly larger countries can , it does have one of the most powerful land armies in europe for territorial defense , and could hold off a major russian offense for a considerable while . 
  were finland to remain outside of nato , russia could invade at their leisure , eventually win the war of attrition because of not having to commit forces elsewhere , and gain unparalleled strategic position in the baltic sea . 
  if finland is a nato member , they lose that luxury and nato strategic situation improves significantly . 
  russia probably has a prepared conflict or three in their back pocket to launch as soon as they receive a hint of nato negotiations . 
  and since nato does n't admit members that are involved in an ongoing conflict . . 
  wc is used for any kind of toilet in finland , though outhouses are often called puusee ( or puuc ) as a pun of weesee . 
  puu = wood , and you usually sprinkle some finely chopped woody bits over your business once you 're done to fight the odour . 
  i know , just saying his area is listed under dutch dialects . 
  i told a german friend that according to this map he speaks dutch . 
  he did n't take it very well :p, 
  i think you replied to the wrong post . 
  a friend is relieved of service , but there 's been some problems with his paperwork , and he 's ended up being dragged to a garrison twice after police checked his id , which was somehow flagged as draft avoider . 
  the other time it happened just before a weekend and he had to spend the weekend in there until the paperwork could be sorted out . 
  sounds like he enjoyed it though , the kind of person he is . 
  after being shouted at by the female company commander for a while : `` you 're kinda cute when you play angry '' . 
  i try to uphold some standards . 
  not very high ones , but some . 
  and us finns find you swedes intolerable super-extroverts that never shut up , 
  are you trying to imply he 's norwegian ? 
  i 've had the logic explained to me before and i can sort of seeing . 
  still find it amusing , 
  and it takes a special kind of weird to shorten alexander into sasha . 
  the way the story goes , every time we bought artillery shells from the soviets , they would throw in a crapload of soviet trucks to go with them . 
  you can give them to conscripts to play with . 
  nobody minds if they get treated roughly . 
  possibly the most horrible car to drive i 've experienced . 
  we had quite a few in the army . 
  whoever designed these things apparently did n't believe straight lines existed , so the car is incapable of travelling in one .
