  that 's not to say it does n't have some weird charm to it . 
  i never thought of that . 
  i 'm sure someone would invent some silly regulations to get in the way . 
  otherwise yes , yes they would . 
  hellinna !, 
  she wants the t ? 
  they could build a pipe for the booze . 
  you 're welcome . 
  truth be told i considered specifying i meant under the image , but the part of me that wants to watch the world burn wanted to leave it vague . 
  `` in this photo armenian civilians are marched to a prison in april 2015 '' :p, 
  might want to fix the date for the first picture . 
  it 's basically liquid candy with alcohol . 
  it 's what all the kids want to get drunk on . 
  quite treacherous though . 
  you danes are too loud . 
  though most others are ohmygodmyearsarebleeding !, 
  - loud . 
  we 're impatient , so we generally celebrate everything on the eve . 
  only because your definition of lapland begins in balmy southern europe though . 
  it implies a kind of an `` any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic '' - moment for the russian . 
  naw , they tend to be innocently simple and oblivious of the dark side of life . 
  i see your point though . 
  and it 's a good one . 
  our version is how do you separate two swedish policemen from each other . 
  hey , at least give him credit for removing the potato from his mouth before saying anything . 
  that 's very considerate of him . 
  a swede was building a fence . 
  his friend was watching , and eventually came over to ask why he was throwing every other nail away as he took them from the box . 
  `` they 're useless . 
  they 're pointing the wrong way '' , he explained . 
  the other swede smacked him in the back of the head . 
  `` idiot !, 
  those are for the other side of the fence !, 
  thank you for living up to the swedish stereotype , 
  we tell this joke about swedes . 
  a slightly different version : what does sweden have that finland does n't ? 
  good neighbors . 
  i 'd like to go to the uk then , everybody who 's been there says they 're 40-50 years behind . 
  how do you sink a swedish submarine for the second time ? 
  you knock on the hatch . 
  someone will pop out and say `` hah !, 
  you think we 'll fall for that one again ? '', 
  we call them `` rahi '' . 
  no other meaning that i 'm aware of . 
  `` cold as russian hell '' , for one . 
  though i have to say i 've never heard half of the supposed finnish idioms . 
  i 'm sure you can buy ammonia and hydrochloric acid from a pharmacy or something and make your own . 
  here i was thinking it might be something interesting , but apparently just football . 
  well , to each their own . 
  but bubbles do . 
  ah , germans and their obsession with ruined water . 
  rome has excellent tap water - and this from a finn with spring water on tap . 
  i did n't blame high prices in finland on capitalism . 
  finns going after cheaper prices is very much capitalism in action . 
  finns flock to estonia to bring cheap alcohol back , yes . 
  much of it finnish alcohol , that magically becomes much cheaper after being exported to estonia . 
  consider the main purpose of said ferry and you 'll know why it 's wonky . 
  can not into nordic . 
  well , the us did help us a ton after the war , it was just done in a more circumspect way to not anger the soviets . 
  to the times square !, 
  everybody but \u00c5land would be happy with this . 
  finns would love to stop shoveling money to them , \u00c5landers would rather be with sweden , but they 'd never get the kind of benefits they currently enjoy . 
  back when eugenics was still a thing , swedes put a lot of effort into trying to convince the rest of the world that finns are mongols . 
  finnish ( native ) , english at near-native level , semi-fluent in swedish , basic german . 
  can read latin , hebrew and greek with some difficulty , though i do n't speak them . 
  heh , i would n't say merirosvo translates to sea burglar . 
  burglar = murtovaras ( `` break-in thief '' ) . 
  so it kinda makes sense . 
  maantierosvo = highway bandit merirosvo = sea bandit, 
  finland : a glass of milk and a couple slices of toast in the morning . 
  lunch on weekdays , dinner on weekends . 
  warm sandwiches or something similar in the evenings . 
  i was just thinking along the same lines . 
  leave it to the norwegians to get their crosses all mixed up . 
  that being said , i did not notice that when i was in troms\u00f8 this summer . 
  it 's pretty much because of the angle . 
  with poor results . 
  meaning work productivity is low . 
  some slightly different ones : tanska ( denmark , not dane ) , karjalainen ( karelian . 
  technically counts as foreign as most of karelia is on russian side of the border ) , paavilainen ( papist , as in catholic . 
  although i suppose it might be a coincidence , would have to check etymological sources ) . 
  and some people still think it 's meant to be a joke . 
  a southerner , for sure . 
  some finns looks asian ? 
  well , ok , i have one cousin with quite asian facial features . 
  no idea why , except that genetically finns are quite distant from other european peoples - and finns are actually two genetically distinct peoples , not one . 
  the look on some exchange students faces when i told them it 's what teens like to get drunk on because it tastes so good . . 
  i believe the logic goes that after an initial phase they figure it 's easier and better to just go with it . 
  unfortunately it 's impossible to magically skip to that point . 
  fair enough . 
  yes it does , but many words have a specific meaning in a given context that differs from the general meaning of the same word . 
  in this case , `` nordic '' essentially means expanded scandinavia . 
  the nordic countries and northern europe overlap , but are n't synonymous with each other . 
  how do you define the nordic geographically ? 
  i have n't come across such a broad definition before . 
  south estonia , try into nordic . 
  i thought w\u00f6rk is fun . 
  thrown out . 
  i have no idea how the situation is today , but in the 90s it felt like we read news about criminals stealing weapons from swedish army depots almost weekly . . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/johan_b\u00e4ckman propagandist that has been playing the part of a finland expert in russia for the past decade or so , spreading ( and inventing ) all kinds of petty lies to paint a picture of finland as the enemy to russians , so they 'll have plenty of material to showcase if putin feels the need to start properly demonizing finns in the eyes of the russian public .
