  there is a lot of skepticism over just how much security it actually guarantees . 
  but , yes we have that at least . 
  the winter war ? 
  damn straight they lied . 
  it is n't in any dispute that the winter war was solely the soviet union 's aggression . 
  they justified the war by shelling their own troops and blaming finns , much as they have been doing in ukraine recently , and considering they did n't admit it until decades later , they probably insisted the lie is written in the peace treaty . 
  the continuation war is a different matter , finland probably would have opened hostilities regardless , although the soviets beat them to it . 
  the finnishh-german agreement was that germany will join if soviets attack finland , which was bound to happen since finland was allowing germans the use of their territory . 
  indeed , if a defensive alliance is a threat to russia , then it logically follows that russia is hostile and harbors offensive plans . 
  russian military plans treat finland as a de-facto nato member , although without the protection of article five . 
  nato is by far the best way to ensure the continuation of our independence . 
  sadly soviet-era anti-nato propaganda still sits deep in a lot of people and prevents us from breaking free of the russian sphere of influence . 
  fortunately the opposition to nato is n't a strong opinion , but rather a result of politicians refusing to take any stance on the subject . 
  a clear majority is in favor if the parliament declared support . 
  i think you 'll find it was the other way around . 
  although granted finland was preparing for another war when soviets began bombing and shelling finland again . 
  in other words , every civilized country would . 
  there is also a reasonable number of britons that did n't know they 're in the eu . 
  whataboutism never goes out of fashion it seems . 
  english technically is n't mandatory , but is almost exclusively chosen as the one mandatory language in addition to swedish . 
  also politicians that want to make swedish voluntary tend to magically make a 180 \u00b0 turn of opinion as soon as they get in any position of power . 
  with great power comes great feasts with rich pro-swedish associations . 
  ei , se on `` perkelele '' . 
  i 've been thinking of them as slovakia & friends for a while now . 
  world championship games are played every year , get very little notice outside of europe , take place during nhl playoffs so all players are not available . 
  world cup is organized more randomly ( the previous one was twelve years ago ) , and at least this time was essentially an nhl advertisement tournament . 
  nhl season has n't launched yet so players are available . 
  prestige depends a lot on who you ask . 
  world cup should have better players on average , and definitely better teams on average , considering the world championship tournament always includes several teams that are little more than speed bumps for the top hockey countries . 
  world championship games do n't get a lot of attention in canada or the us . 
  world cup on the other hand , at least in current form , is a pretty short tournament , many would have wanted to see a longer one so the teams would have had more time to find their teamwork . 
  some also did not like the combination teams at all . 
  they were seen to emphasize everything that 's wrong with the world cup as basically an nhl ad campaign . 
  in the world championship games , canada does n't always win . 
  implying they ever stopped fucking with the finns . 
  russia making up shit and manufacturing minor crises out of thin air has been a major part of their regular foreign policy with finland for at least the past 20 years . 
  for whatever reason they 've decided that volatile and poor relations are more beneficial to them than good and predictable ones . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pentecostalism a movement that puts heavy emphasis on charisma . 
  speaking in tongues and the like is very common in their gatherings . 
  guess spending gains from stupidity taxes in dumb ways kinda makes sense . 
  sadly , i no longer agree . 
  care to expand that thought a bit ? 
  alternatively , soak them in milk for a while before eating . 
  oreos have been making an appearance in force in finland this year . 
  was surprised when i tasted them , expected them to taste overly sweet and artificial , but turns out they 're quite delicious . 
  does n't really matter , it 's a bit late if the first real sign of trouble is when we wake up one day and find out russians invaded it overnight . 
  saturday continues to be the day to go to sauna in finland . 
  just three short years ago ukraine was one of russia 's closest allies and any conflict between them unimaginable . 
  nothing has changed . 
  they were considering doing it should the right situation arise decades ago , and are still prepared for the same . 
  the problem with relations with russia is , there 's no consistency to be had . 
  russian attitude can and will change overnight if they decide it beneficial or necessary for whatever reason to utilize poor relations . 
  appeasement for improving relations is a wasted effort . 
  many seem to think \u00c5land would be the logical first step for a russian conflict with finland though , flash occupation before anyone is any wiser so they can make the most of the demilitarization . 
  controlling \u00c5land would be very useful in cutting off finland 's supply routes , too . 
  judging by the poorly hidden activities of russian `` tourism companies '' in the area , they seem to agree . 
  naw , they just switch to cold-resistant type of diesel for winter . 
  diesel cars work just fine all year even up north . 
  it can become a problem though if you do n't use your car a lot and still have summer variety diesel in your tank when the cold arrives . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/maternity_package got a two month old happily sleeping in his box . 
  just because veitsi is most commonly used to refer to various types of kitchenware does n't mean it 's not also the umbrella term for smallish things with a blade and a handle . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  puukko refers to a specific type of knife , veitsi is an umbrella term . 
  the czar wanted to have finland as a sort of a showcase of the russian empire to the west . 
  until russians got jealous of the finns ' privileges and they began spreading the misery of the rest of the empire into finland . 
  i appear to have some blood in my alcohol circulation . 
  on gravel , yes , but a well packed dirt road does n't have loose material for you to skid on . 
  your typical dirt road does n't see a whole lot of traffic and usually people drive according to circumstances and the road . 
  you would n't use cruise control on such a road , but alter your speed depending on bends , road width and visibility ahead . 
  visibility being key - if you could be 100 % certain you 're the only car on the road , anyone could safely maintain 80km/h through anything but the steepest bends . 
  a decade or so ago they paved a road leading to my parents summer cottage . 
  it was infinitely worse ( some kind of light pavement , not how bigger roads are made ) than the dirt road it replaced and people immediately began asking to get rid of the pavement . 
  now i think everyone just takes a detour so they do n't have to drive on it . 
  i miss driving a reasonably powerful rear-driven car . 
  it 's a joy to ride when you can start a slide by just applying a bit more gas . 
  my experience of driving in sweden was interesting . 
  i guess your cars are much lighter than they look and react to wind a ton - what else would explain that on the same road , everyone going one direction was doing 20km/h over the limit , and everyone going the other way 20km/h under the limit . 
  i figured it might be , but decided to cover the bases just in case , 
  it 's a joke about how portuguese sounds - it 's nothing like most people would expect if they 've never heard it . 
  i think someone described it being like a dutch person trying to speak spanish with a russian accent . 
  no , no . 
  we need to build a pipe . 
  that will eliminate the need for any ship traffic ( they exist to ferry alcohol after all , not people ) , and the two countries will be forever separated . 
  but keep an eye on those suspicious neighbors of yours . 
  still not convinced the portuguese are n't ruskies in disguise ... 
  they 're probably factoring in the massive amount of russian estonians . 
  `` third reich '' for example would be `` kolmas valtakunta '' , valtakunta usually being translated as `` realm '' . 
  kunta is roughly equal to us county in modern terms . 
  valtakunta would roughly be `` area of governing power '' . 
  he 's speaking of the language , not the people . 
  i 've read articles saying the inhabitants of finland adopted finnish from baltic finnish speakers , first as a trade language , but it took over as the main language very quickly . 
  yeah , it 's pretty grandiose to call denmark north germany . 
  it 's obviously just a minor german peninsula . 
  i do n't know , i visited a number of burnt factories in my youth with my dad ( part of his job ) , and usually the only things standing were the treated wooden supports ( barely a mark on them ) when everything else had been wrecked by the fire . 
  it 's the structures that need more airflow , not the insides . 
  it 's when you start figuring out what definition to use . 
  geographically finland is more ( hardly at all ) scandinavian than denmark , culturally both are included , linguistically denmark is in and finland is out . 
  of course , people other than nordics tend to use scandinavia when they mean the nordic countries . 
  in elementary school ( in the early 90s ) we left our shoes in the hallway outside the classroom with the coats and other outdoor clothing , but only in elementary school . 
  i think we had some slippers to wear in the classroom though .
