  make that a few weeks . 
  or months . 
  it 's not just a uk thing , either . 
  east/west division is pretty firm courtesy of our friend the ussr , but what exactly is and is n't included in everyone 's definition of north/center/south is anybody 's guess . 
  you 're comparing phones released three years apart . 
  quite a bit changed in software in that time as well . 
  personally i think android had serious teething issues until version 2.3 , but by then had surpassed symbian in most practical ways . 
  see , all these people complaining there are too many people still want to live in the city . 
  they 're never going to move to any of the places where you do n't count people per square kilometer but the other way around . 
  if something makes sense , do the opposite and you 've invented right wing politics . 
  well , we do . 
  but it 's all business to business . 
  it 's consumer brands we seem to be unable to build . 
  android was n't released until late 2008 and did n't compare that well against symbian until sometime in 2010 , though the potential was visible . 
  but by mid 2010 they should have at least released some android phones to have the feelers out . 
  they had a ~ 40 % market share in smart phones in 2010 , with a downward trend . 
  it plummeted immediately as the windows phone decision was announced . 
  so yeah , they pretty much were the market leader by volume at the time . 
  especially since being different than the competition only works in your favor if yours is the better option . 
  that was never the case and it was obvious to everyone . 
  it definitely is n't likely . 
  but a significant amount of people , for various reasons , do n't seem to be able to accumulate money for a rainy day , and in that case it makes sense to have as predictable expenses as possible . 
  for some people , all loose money just seems to disappear even if they took the option that 's supposedly cheaper in the long run . 
  it 's managing your risk . 
  if you rent it , you know it 's going to be a consistent cost . 
  if you bought it , you may very well save money in the long run - but if you have poor luck , you may have several batteries blow ahead of schedule , potentially resulting in unexpected expenses you may have trouble handling . 
  starting price 35 000 $ in finland . 
  glad to be of service , 
  russia has very elastic borders . 
  it 's always one step ahead of the soldiers . 
  `` everybody should just give putin whatever he wants , after all , we did it with hitler and nothing bad followed '' is not a very balanced opinion in my opinion . 
  the archipelago is mainly an issue because if you start dividing it up , where do you stop ? 
  i 've heard that the japanese played a key role when the league of nations decided \u00c5land should belong to finland and not sweden , heavily campaigning for finland . 
  i guess as an island nation they wanted to set a precedent for the importance of islands . 
  also apparently the delegates were originally shown maps that only included the main island , closer to sweden than finland , and completely ignored the archipelago that continues to the finnish coast but not the swedish one . 
  seeing a proper map with all the islands apparently made plenty of people who had previously been favor of giving it to sweden change their minds . 
  when it comes to shoveling sand into the sea , there 's no beating the dutch . 
  ah , the same plan we have with turku , then . 
  every year a student organization from tampere makes a group trip to turku . 
  every other year they hammer stakes into the ground at the town border , hoping one day they 'll have it cut loose from the mainland . 
  the other years they go to the harbor and rhythmically jump up and down , chanting `` sink !, 
  sink !, 
  sink !, 
  the swedes have a cunning plan ( or so they think ) . 
  keep shoveling sand into the \u00d8resund until there 's a land connection , then annex sj\u00e6lland to reduce border gore . 
  they kinda did , but i figured in the message i replied to theology might have been an intentional choice of word . 
  maybe my viewpoint is skewed from studying theology in western europe , but theology , as a science , does not ( and indeed , can not ) make any assumptions about any supernatural being 's existence . 
  it studies that which can be quantified and qualified : religion , the processes within , the thoughts of its followers , the content and origins of its relevant texts . 
  theology as i know it is essentially an umbrella term for when the methods of a number of humane sciences , such as history and psychology , are applied to religion as a phenomenon . 
  balkanization . 
  it 's an ongoing process . 
  q : what does sweden have that finland does n't ? 
  a : good neighbors, 
  regarding the religion thing , it would appear that christianity actually reached finland before it got to sweden , and the swedish crusade to finland brought christianity to filthy ... 
  orthodox people . 
  not that it was very organized , deep rooted or widespread , but not exactly unknown , 
  you border the balkans , you could have 80 neighbors without it getting odd . 
  not allowing uk to keep all the benefits despite leaving is hardly a punishment . 
  it is , in fact , exactly what the british public opinion wanted . 
  that is of course also an option . 
  though making a workable carrying box takes a bit more effort . 
  especially when the law specifically prohibits the rehabilitation being the kind of work you would usually expect to get paid for . 
  the games are made in finland by unemployed people who are getting 9 $ / day from the state , nothing from the company . 
  if they refuse to go , they lose unemployment benefits . 
  not refuting your point , just giving more details . 
  i certainly wo n't support a practice where your company is based on not paying your workers a dime yet expecting from them all the responsibilities of paid employees , and outsourcing your costs to the taxpayers . 
  i believe gorodki is more closely related to kyykk\u00e4 than m\u00f6lkky . 
  still similar , of course . 
  now if the company making them stopped using slave labor and actually hired paid employees to make their successful product i might consider buying from them and not a clone from some other company . 
  well , truth be told i do n't know if they 've improved their practices in the past couple of years . 
  as long as you have a potato to spare , you 'll always have latvia . 
  there 's a bit of a love-hate relationship between finns and swedes ( when swedes momentarily remember finland exists ) , while we try to look out for our mistreated little brother south of the gulf . 
  when the going gets tough though , we 'll have the swedes ' back and they 'll have ours . 
  the norwegians are welcome to join in . 
  hey , it 's inconsiderate to just call new zealand `` the sheep '' . 
  and when finns have had enough of vodka for the time being , they go in their bathrooms to speak norwegian to the toilet . 
  which in turn would be approximately `` do n't dare set ( like a table is set for a formal dinner ) closed '', 
  possibly a cultural thing . 
  i do n't know how it is in swedish , but in finnish , `` suburb '' pretty much makes you think exclusively of the horrible ddr-concrete blocks . 
  bet it does n't even have electrolytes . 
  truly the universal solution for everything : `` in 1939 , he published pamphlets as chairman of the american federation of peace that argued that americans should be sterilized so that their children will no longer have to fight in foreign wars '', 
  conspiracy theorists and other nutjobs have always been fertile ground and thus a major target audience for the russian narrative . 
  they make handy useful idiots . 
  uk houses have a horrible reputation at least in the nordic countries . 
  everybody who 's lived there complains to no end about wind blowing through the walls , windows that might as well not be there at all , inadequate or horribly designed heating and so on . 
  the verdict seems to be that houses in the uk are built as if they were on the mediterranean coast . 
  depends . 
  how many mirrors would there be ? 
  you 're an invasive species on my personal space , after all . 
  you and half of mankind . 
  see , this is why the dutch make everybody else feel uncomfortable . 
  evidently you 're more imaginative than i am . 
  i could n't imagine a more swiss word if i tried . 
  anyway , it 's pretty well known over here , but i guess not everywhere . 
  i guess i was still thinking of geography a bit too much and was only concentrating on the mainland countries . 
  rather finlandization than russification though . 
  in all seriousness though , fuck the ussr for what they did to you guys . 
  i could n't remember what those places were called so i went with a rather broad definition of sk\u00e5ne . 
  instructions unclear , formed people 's republic of fennoscania, 
  it 's ok , we 've been making bootleg copies for a while now .
