russians merely adopted the winter . 
  we were born in it , moulded by it . 
  yes , finnish . 
  or east swedish if you ask the swedes . 
  no such thing as foolproof , as fools are incredibly inventive . 
  took a trip to swedish side of the border some years ago , chuckled at some leaflets at a church talking about the twin city haparanda-torino . 
  they definitely went places . 
  i 've always found our anthem , maamme ( `` our land '' ) quite bland and it wo n't awaken any powerful emotions . 
  the finlandia hymn does , though . 
  -- maamme : https://youtu.be/uzz_uk8flmq oh our land , finland , land of our birth , rings out the golden word !, 
  no valley , no hill , no water , shore more dear than this northern homeland , precious land of our fathers . 
  your splendour from its shell one day will bloom ; from our love shall rise your hope , glorious joy , and once your song , fatherland higher still will echo . 
  -- finlandia hymn : https://youtu.be/6yv0rghhgn4 finland , behold , thy daylight now is dawning , the threat of night has now been driven away . 
  the skylark calls across the light of morning , the blue of heaven lets it have its way , and now the day the powers of night is scorning : thy daylight dawns , o finland of ours !, 
  finland , arise , and raise towards the highest thy head now crowned with mighty memory . 
  finland , arise , for to the world thou criest that thou hast thrown off thy slavery , beneath oppression 's yoke thou never liest . 
  thy morning 's come , o finland of ours !, 
  -- ( it was either this or a bit blunt direct translation , so you 'll have to make do with this pomp of a translation ), 
  finnish : pakolainen ; someone who is fleeing, 
  ca n't see if there 's some stuck to the tracks from this angle ... 
  i think you may have forgotten the gypsies . 
  and `` imett\u00e4j\u00e4 '' in finnish means a wet nurse . 
  as a karelian-savonian-lapp from northern ostrobothnia living in southern ostrobothnia after ten years in helsinki , pretty well put . 
  forgot the bit about southrobothnians being proud though . 
  or as it has been said : `` southern bothnians are proud . 
  for no reason . 
  central bothnians are humble . 
  for no reason '' . 
  shows what the danes know . 
  argentina and finland are the tango countries . 
  and no , i do n't know either . 
  maybe explosion can into space . 
  ask the nice people of iss keep their eyes out . 
  the uk was very , very reluctant to declare war on finland , only doing it after stalin threw a hissy fit and began making threats if they would n't comply . 
  which really should n't be surprising . 
  the brits and americans knew full well it was their inability to help ( in part due to geography , in part due to their alliance with a genocidal dictatorship ) that forced finland to rely on german assistance . 
  croatia seems to be very close though . 
  according to wikipedia , he began using the swastika as his symbol almost 20 years before the nazis adopted it , when hitler was just a bit over 10 years old . 
  i 'm going to rule it purely coincidental , though all things considered it 's possible he did n't have anything against nazis adopting the symbol later on . 
  by decisive role you mean the finns ' refusal to complete the siege despite german requests , which lead to the city not falling ? 
  very much so . 
  christianity has always been very adaptable although at times and locally it has taken more rigid forms . 
  currently you can go to a catholic mass in india , and a layperson might not be able to tell it 's not a hindu service . 
  anyway , one major turning point was becoming the roman state religion - all of a sudden a religion mainly favored by the lower classes had to be adapted to suit roman nobility . 
  to anyone interested in the subject , regardless of how you feel about religion in general or christianity in specific , i can not recommend bbc 's a history of christianity ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_history_of_christianity_ ( tv_series ) ) enough, 
  it 's left surprisingly deep scars . 
  i 'm from the north myself , and the north was mostly white , so i never encountered any civil war scars growing up . 
  after moving south to study , though , i was very surprised to run into 20-something year olds that still more or less took the whole affair personally - and came from towns where it 's very well known to this day whose great-granddad executed whose great-great-uncle and so on . 
  it helps if the enemy thinks you 're about to surrender every time they see you , too . 
  hey , spoons can cut lots of things , like butter or ice cream . 
  i 'm thinking potato masher . 
  cheap taxis you guys have . 
  i was wondering if that 's why . 
  i meant in general , though i guess there may be exceptions . 
  but as a rule , it looks to me like right-wing politics are poison for a healthy economy . 
  i really ca n't understand how right wing parties manage to maintain the image of good for the economy parties considering they tend to wreck the economy everywhere they touch it , to put money in their and their friends ' pockets . 
  microsoft sells like three phones a year , not a major loss there . 
  or swim . 
  the water is fine . 
  in the university i had a professor who had spent much of his career in japan , and to lesser extent korea . 
  how he put this : `` in japan , you 're sitting on the floor , freezing from waist up , while your legs are roasting under the table . 
  in korea , they 've had underfloor heating for thousands of years '' . 
  `` distances longer than a car are traveled by car '', 
  i 'll be sure to call liverpool liverpuddle should i ever visit . 
  i can sort of see her point . 
  appealing would be giving credence to the so-called justice system . 
  i bet it 's fried pigeon most of the time . 
  it is . 
  reminds me of the the word ( well , description rather ) for skis in the first finnish-latin dictionary . 
  `` long wooden shoes for running on snow '', 
  russians . 
  arrogant , no manners , no respect for property of others . 
  i suppose germans would come second for their habit of filling their bags with food at hotel breakfast so they wo n't have to buy any during the day . 
  obviously . 
  but there are many ways it can be implemented . 
  to make counting easier , perhaps have mods make a thread with a post for each country and keep it locked until voting begins ( does n't need to follow actual voting time , of course ) . 
  then count votes that have been cast as replies to the appropriate message . 
  for example , i as a finn would post my vote as a reply to a pre-made finland post in the voting thread . 
  yup . 
  one of them is a third world banana republic , the other is not . 
  it 's a no-brainer . 
  that 's probably the level at you 'll find the similarities . 
  amusingly , my brother speaks fluent german , but germans keep thinking he 's hungarian because of his accent . 
  the finnish word for gibberish describes swedish perfectly : siansaksa , ~ german spoken by a pig, 
  i used to think danish is a throat disease instead of a language . 
  then i heard some dutch and understood how mild danish is in that respect . 
  take a look at n\u00e4rpes dialect in ostrobothnia some day . 
  they speak such an archaic form of swedish they need to study swedish separately to be able to communicate with other finland-swedes ( who generally do n't speak actual swedish either ) . 
  apparently their dialect is closer to icelandic than swedish . 
  i smiled . 
  thanks a lot for making me hungry . 
  `` haters gon na hate '', 
  finnish version is `` p\u00e4\u00e4 kolmantena jalkana '' , using head as a third leg . 
  `` suksi sumatralle '' = ski to sumatra / go to hell ( relatively mild ) `` sanasta miest\u00e4 , sarvista h\u00e4rk\u00e4\u00e4 '' = ( grab ) the man by his word and the bull by its horns . 
  at some point they really loved building churches that look like swimming halls from the outside and factories on the inside . 
  we have those in finland as well . 
  yeah , very recently . 
  interesting , last i saw these , finland was tied for first place , one nation ahead of sweden . 
  wonder which two places decided to start requiring visas all of a sudden . 
  there 's been some indication that christianity spread to finland before sweden , only it was orthodoxy .
