to be fair we have n't really had any heavy rainfall for quite a long time . 
  the past several months have been very dry ( for the uk ) . 
  snorting the cremated remains of poor people . 
  where ? 
  yup , i assume very few would have died in the initial missile contact and would have either , sadly , fallen to their deaths as the aircraft broke up or when it hit the ground . 
  i believe missiles usually explode near their target rather than directly hitting , increasing the chance of damage . 
  it 's much better to play rather than watch . 
  i could n't imagine carrying more than # 100 in my wallet in cash , i 'd be freaking out that i 'd lose it or that it gets stolen . 
  imagine losing # 6k or having it stolen , i 'd rather stick with my debit card thanks . 
  why ca n't you buy alcohol in a grocery store ? 
  it 's something to do with an eu ruling that a banks headquarters must be where the majority of their customers are based . 
   a lot of the banks operating in the city of london are scottish i believe this also means that if scotland does go independent , then the hq 's of those banks would have to move to england , as the majority of their customers are based in england . 
  skelmersale in lancashire , uk laughs at that puny roundabout !, 
  [ roundabout 1 ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/skelmersdale,+lancashire/@53.5573768,-2.7905562,316m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x487b101482b73b5b:0x790f773ab37bdcf9 ) ( see cars for scale ) [ roundabout 2 ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/skelmersdale,+lancashire/@53.5591388,-2.7777068,313m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x487b101482b73b5b:0x790f773ab37bdcf9 ) infact the whole place is roundabout mad !, 
  [ some more roundabouts ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/skelmersdale,+lancashire/@53.5478281,-2.7719426,2939m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x487b101482b73b5b:0x790f773ab37bdcf9 ) p.s. 
  do n't visit for personal experience , place is a dump . 
  well , i figured language would be one of the reasons , but i also thought that many northern european languages can speak such good english anyway that this would n't have been too much of a factor . 
  i just figured there must be more to it that langauge alone !, 
  just curious ; what is it about the uk that makes it so attractive for people to migrate to ? 
  i would expect the uk , germany , nl , france etc to all be roughly equal in this but it does n't seem to be the case . 
  as a brit it seems ludicrous , the cost of living is high , especially in london . 
  the laptop containing the data got stolen . 
  it must be including student housing in that too , that will bolster the numbers . 
  what does ` tenant - reduced price ' mean ? 
  azerbaijan always seems to appear in these lists ; i always assumed it was a part of asia ? 
  buses and taxi 's , 
  this is a common one in the uk too . 
  it 's pretty standard to say `` cheers '' or `` cheers drive '' as you walk off . 
  where are you from ? 
  you do n't need to filter or boil tap water in the uk before drinking it . 
   the child should at least be sent to live in italy . 
  i agree , however no doubt it 's a bureaucratic nightmare to sort out that would probably take months . 
  at present the baby falls under the projection and jurisdiction of the uk . 
  no doubt the wheels are probably are already in motion to reunite the child with the mother or for it to be sent to italy . 
  there 's several hoops and layers to jump through before social services can take children from their mothers , in which many people at different kind of levels must decide on . 
   8:58 pm gmt 30 nov 2013 the original article makes out that social services had just cut the baby out and taken it from her , however this was n't simply the case . 
  i believe there 'd been issues surrounding the mental health of the mother a while before hand . 
  the article actually has an update at the bottom :  update : since this article was first posted it has been amended in the light of information that became available later . 
  the application for the caesarean was made in the court of protection by the mid-essex nhs trust on 23 august 2012 , not essex social services as originally stated ; a care order was sought and obtained by essex county council as soon as the child was born the following day , 24 august 2012 . 
  the precise position relating to the court applications was not clear at time of our publication because a key judgment relating to them , made 15 months earlier , had never been made public ; following our reports , this and further judgments were eventually released on 4 december 2013 . 
  we are happy to set the record straight . 
  ignorant questions : * which nations can vote in these elections ? 
  * when is the election ? 
  * which party is in power right now ? 
  * how ` popular ' are these elections in other european countries ? 
  true , but let 's not forget that europe is n't a country , so each country is only out to defend itself , not the entire continent . 
  i do n't think tax payers in any country would be happy would be happy with their militaries being used by others , us included . 
  i dunno if all junctions are designed this way or just the ones we encountered , but they seemed to suddenly take a sharp bend as soon as you got onto the slip road , meaning you had to slow down pretty quickly . 
  in the uk , slip roads are generally straight so you can move onto the slip road and slow down on it for quite a while . 
  yes . 
  if we 're on a motorway and a lane is closing , you get the odd idiot trying to drive down the ` to be closed ' lane till the very last second , attempting to push into the queue . 
  everyone then becomes aggressive and bunches up tightly as to not let them in . 
  as a brit who drove on the autobahn ( from amsterdam to munich ) in 2012 , holy shit those junctions are mad . 
  i loved the fact that if you messed up you could just continue and get back on the autobahn but the sudden turns was always unforgiving . 
  not to mention we 'd been hurt pretty bad from wwi . 
  ca n't believe the shit the uk is getting on here from polish redditors about our involvement in wwii . 
  we lost hundreds and thousands of lives , pretty much ruined every major city in the country and it 's like wtf uk , could have done better . 
  the rockets will bounce off the mattresses duh, 
  you 'll often see claims on / r/unitedkingdom that we should give up our military entirely . 
  blows my mind . 
  i was always under the impression the whole thing came down to half the country wanting to be with the eu and the other half wanting to be closer to russia . 
  i 'll admit i do n't know much about about the run up to this crisis , so i 'm basing it off the odd bits i picked up . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_urban_areas_in_the_united_kingdom ) , greater manchester has a larger population than ` greater birmingham ' . 
  there 's some british guy in the crowd in 2014 probably thinking `` took the wrong bloody flight '', 
   scotland would be under no obligation to pay if it is to be cut off from the pound . 
  i do n't really agree with this to be honest , plus it would look dodgy as fuck for investors if the first thing scotland does it refuse to pay its share of its debt . 
  iirc the jsf means that it 's built in collaboration with many different countries , not that the us make it and sell it to various nations . 
  i think the uk have got a large share of the manufacturing of the aircraft . 
  yeah i prefer the white background one you 've got - it 's always confused me as to why the one on those subs has a yellow background . 
  we love to complain about britain being shit , but it 's probably one of the best countries to live in , unless you 're trying to buy a house :p also , how come the lancashire flag is different here than it is in / r/uk and / r/britishproblems ? 
  cheers , that makes sense !, 
  in fact looking back to what i said it 's actually more obvious : frozen rain : it 's already frozen , hence ice freezing rain : it 's in the process of becoming ice as it 's falling, 
  i thought hail was frozen rain - is this not the same thing ? 
  i think it 's the stop/start nature is why we ca n't understand it . 
  it 's difficult to really get into it when the play ends so soon and there 's a pause , you just want it to keep going and be free flowing , such as football and rugby . 
  the fact people look forward to adverts ( which are generally considered a huge pain in the ass ) as entertainment during an entertainment event is puzzling . 
  there 's nothing worse than having adverts show up during play . 
  i did try to watch a superbowl about 6 years ago and the constant stopping and ad breaks just drove me up the wall . 
  i think a lot of the comparisons people draw stem from the fact both sports have a clash in names even though they 're entirely different . 
  for instance , people do n't compare basketball and football or football and rugby . 
  but we do play real football ? 
   haha you europeans are so cute i know you 're joking but it sounds pretty patronising . 
  the last time i did any serious maths was when i was 16 at gcse level , however looking at the bbc bitesize revision website for gcse level , it looks like x and the curly algebra variable x are used . 
  [ clicky - pdf warning ] ( http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/schools/gcsebitesize/maths/mocks/mathsmockh1_nocalc.pdf ) . 
  if you scroll down you 'll see instances of the variable curly x and multiple x. 
  at a higher level in england & wales maybe the standards change ( ca n't speak for scotland as it seems like a scot is also familiar with the floating point ) , however that 's just how i remember it , 
  [ this is what i mean ] ( http://www.rapidtables.com/math/symbols/algebra_symbols.htm ) . 
  see the first line in the table , the curly x is how i 'd reference an x as a variable . 
  interestingly though , it does reference the floating dot as a scalar product . 
  it could be that i simply forgot but it 's not ringing any bells . 
  nope !, 
  from what i can remember , is n't a letter x written in a different way than the multiple x ? 
  as a programmer i 'm just used to seeing * as being the symbol of multiplication so it 's possible i may have simply forgotten . 
  til . 
  so is this a common thing amongst europe then ? 
   you do n't use the dot as a symbol of multiplication as we do what do you mean ? 
  absolutely stunning . 
  great pictures !, 
  i must admit my first thought when i see slovenia is `` bratislava '' due to the names being somewhat similar , so i apologise for my ignorance !, 
  what about canada ?
