  fixed  fled violence heh, 
  unfortunate news . 
  well westerners are indeed naive . 
   it highlights the dangers of eugenics if it ever becomes popular again . 
  but think of the positives . 
  i would n't count on sweden wiping their ass at this point , maybe immigrants ass though . 
  they will not do shit . 
   collapse of the roman empire that one seems likely especially with demographic change/decline but i hope it does not happen , would get gobbled up by russia unless nato means anything and us would help . 
  certain people have goals in the eu , like destruction of national states for starters . 
  ehh should not have done this , though i suppose people would still smoke secretly . 
  it 's not poland that needs looked over to but eu , it 's leaders goals , and how it works . 
  or reinforce borders . 
  forcefully . 
  if your worried about democracy , then you should worry about eu , if it had more power it would become oligarchy , if it 's not already that . 
  remember , many of eu bureaucrats are interested in destroying national states , the thing that actually gave you democray , equalised people and turned them into citizens . 
  people of europe , this man is enemy of every sovereign european nation . 
  do n't give up poland , to these bureaucrats . 
   bosnia-herzegovina probably , though you can give them benefit of the doubt perhaps , they are europeans , and perhaps have different mentality . 
  and when it comes to eu , i do n't care about it 's expansion these days , not while it 's a goal to denationalize and rob nations of sovereignty . 
  terrorists do though . 
  nice , i 'm loving it poland . 
  would you have to censor it in the forest too ? 
  just in case ? 
  there is summary on last page . 
  http://people.uncw.edu/kozloffm/glubb.pdf read this folks . 
  yes , foreigner is not a native . 
  and how much from non eu immigrants ? 
  talk about ukraine situation in ukraine and not talk about russia ? 
  how would that even work ... 
  oh for the love of these fools . 
  nice and new enlightenment project i see . 
  no such thing . 
  and as people pointed out , eu values = / = european values . 
  bad for his business huh ? 
  good . 
  or loose their national sovereignty , if they still have feeling of that ... 
  should not have invited them in . 
  hen , no problem at all . 
  where 's arabic ? 
  paeonia would be good . 
  german is best one , tbh ... 
  for some paved roads in my home town , that 's pretty much it , thanks taxpayers . 
  sorry juncker , national sovereignty , that eu now seeks to destroy , is important to us . 
  does n't mean we have to fight over , we have nato , after all . 
  then dues vult you fool, 
  another jab at traditional marriage . 
  what 's next on the meniu ? 
  i agree . 
  indeed , nation states should take their sovereignty from these bureaucrats . 
   trying to dilute the culture of european countries he is right on that though . 
  people with no identity and culture could , in theory , be easier to rule , globally , i mean that is one of goals of transnational european elite , as for globalist capitalists , for them this is not unwanted either , more cheap labor . 
  problem is that muslims make more problems then they help to solve , not to mention loss of national identity ( that , btw , eu bureaucracy would like to see ) . 
  in the end though , they should not cry at the likes of orban , after all , they got us in this mess . 
  no solution until those in power are replaced . 
  perhaps not . 
  maybe this will make marginalized right parties to get into power and stop this whole denationalization project . 
   caused by muslims plenty was caused by muslims to austria and europe , just you wait for more . 
   law that accepts islam as officially recognized religion . 
  existentially threatening and wrong move . 
  who though that it is a good idea to let in so many muslims to austria , austria ?!, 
  at leas hungarians have not forgotten . 
  whatever , that 's just trying to gloss over the issue , typical . 
  day of love mixed with prostitution ... 
  i guess it 's just pissing on the ashes . 
  he only cares of eu splitting , does n't give shit about immigration itself . 
   absolutely disgusting yes , it is absolutely disgusting for merkel and like minded people of eu to use this for their own purpose . 
  that should tell you quality of people europe is taking in , and that 's arab world , not even africa . 
  well , if mass migration is changing europe ... then yes , but they are not guilty , they are just pawns , guilty are those who let them in . 
  i have been asking this after event in ukraine , when she and hollande where making talks . 
  to be honest , you catching on , eu does not represent national interests . 
   biggest employers i like that they are not even hiding . 
  latvia , and to some extent estonia , poland , ukraine , belarus could also be . 
  forget france , give it couple generations more and some migrants , and it will be finished ... 
  because to her solution would just be putting migrants in every country of europe , for her it 's a good solution , right for the agenda , but for other people , not so much . 
  fuck off , i like my own culture and language . 
  fuck that shit . 
  deal with it without population increase or go home . 
  but i though they will rise economy and shit . 
  no , they have to go back , and integration is shit , assimilation and nothing less . 
  to politicians it was never about morals so it 's ok . 
  perhaps , if we do n't collapse . 
  but japan and usa are more likely i think . 
  fuck off , more control , just what they would like . 
  nope nope nope , it will not work , they will not integrate , but will be allowed to stay ... 
  a yes , we dismissed those claims . 
  oh , so locals did it , right ? 
   exporters within the eu disagree . 
  they fear enormous rising costs when border controls are in place again . 
  as always , big money has it 's interests . 
  bad . 
  you vote for weedman , you get a weedman, 
  maybe not in near future , but certainly one day . 
  if we will need surgery like we do now at all that is . 
   i ca n't really imagine what the next election campaign will look like . 
  no election . 
  crash this whole economic system , with no survivors . 
  germans , prepare for neo stasi . 
  how about relative percentage , any ways , you should also look at demographics , crime is not only problem . 
  nuke or slavery is stupid , but it 's not racist to want preserve you culture , ethnicity , and way of life , that 's basic survival drive . 
  how many of migrants right now in europe are truly refugees anyaways ?
