move them out of europe , with any means necessary . 
  oh yes they will , if reaches critical mass . 
  religion and culture still matter , think of pagan and christian europe . 
  as for graph , well they are breeding more then native europeans , and plus , do you know what might happen when we set precedent that anyone an come in ? 
  i dread to think of what would happen if sub saharan africa decided to move out . 
  would n't be first time poor neighbour invaded fat and rich one . 
  it 's matter of decentralization more then money . 
  or how about we stop migrants , deport them , leave refugees for a while but without rights to citizenship . 
  you should reject them because they will open floodgates and change face of european societies , that is why you should reject them . 
  leave us in , we are not causing the problem , it 's south , germany and sweden that do n't control they borders . 
  hmm , we are building up a reputation . 
  `` swedish '' heh . 
  we are in a lot of trouble . 
  in very broad terms , united of the things christianity helped us achieve , but not christianity in of itself . 
  it kind of was , either it was christendom , or it was some kind of alliances against outside fore , but these were off and on . 
  but it 's true , we had either nation states or empires and kingdoms that would fight sometimes . 
  i think you out lass me in this debate . 
  sociology/philosophy student per any chance ? 
  also , could you expand on post modern man and why he is what he is ? 
  were are not united under religion right now , well we kind of are , but that unity is felt in different way , it is so for some time . 
  true , islam via jewish scholars gave us many texts from ancient world . 
  i would say it united europe , but for relatively short time , and also the degree of this unity varied , but until enlightenment idea of united europe rested on christianity . 
  at any rate , i do n't think that tolerance , inclusiveness are always good . 
  you can tolerate and include , but to a degree , because you will end up tolerating everyone and everything , same thing with european unity , it 's great as a organization , federation of national states to discuss politics , but one it turns in to tool for groups of people to rule europe without any responsibility , you know something is not right . 
  good tool as any , though i would say that it gave more then that , in other spheres , like architecture , literature . 
  not really , i had courses in history and philosophy faculties in university of vilnius on subjects of europe , it 's culture , and civilization in general . 
  while ancient crete is perhaps the oldest civilization that could somewhat be considered european , it gave democracy and philosophy , but for laws we had to wait for romans , and we needed judeo christianity for our monotheist religion . 
  really , western civilization , in it 's fullest form , began after fall of roman empire and split of christianity . 
   i mean you even had the catholics launch crusades against the people in your area yeah , but that was against pagans , not other christians , you should know how grand dukes of lithuania based their foreign diplomacy on the matter of christinization , because when duke would send offer to become christian to pope , pope would order teutonic order to make truce . 
  at any rate , lithuanians were not europeans at that point , civilization and culture sense of the word . 
   there are so many terrible shortcomings of this religion to unite us . 
  all of those wars were happening under renaissance , oh so beloved period that many people think it was much better then meddle ages . 
  really , it was protestantism fault , religion was used for political reasons , remember , at that time modern political philosophy was born . 
   as millions and millions of your ancestors did for no good reason it was a good reason for them , you just ca n't understand it . 
  for example , my great grand parents and grand parents are/were patriots , they wanted their country to be free , and in turn themselves to be free . 
  nationalism gave democracy and sovereignty over their destiny to small nations . 
  you are right , they are not exclusive ... 
  i suppose we should look at this way , are some values worthwhile right now ? 
  for example is tolerance needed more then patriotism . 
   christianity did n't really unite europe disagree , it united most of it , it really allowed to western civilization exist in the first place , christianity helped to ensure some peace via supremacy of the pope ( excommunication and so on ) , war become different among christian nations , more noble , there were special rules of war . 
   we had to suffer two world wars based on extreme nationalism , in order to get our shit together . 
  first world war war between empires mostly , a lot of nations did not have their sovereignty to decide to fight in it or not . 
  world war ii was battle between couple of idealogical projects , but nationalism was just one aspect , in the end though both national socialism and communism were revolutions that wanted to change humanity , create new human . 
  both wanted united europe under one ideology and one type of man . 
  oh , and i might add that people should despise nationalism less , if not nationalism and national revival many of european nations would have been left under the boot of empires , while nationalism let all people to become more then just peasants , elevated them on virtue of being certain nationality not class and gave for democracy by destroying absolute monarchies . 
  if not nationalism , lithuanians , and perhaps greeks too would not exist right now . 
  keep that in mind when eu says that national states are no longer relevant . 
  they are quite marginal i suppose , but we shall s what will become of them in the future . 
  also , when yo say `` european '' muslims , you probably mean geographical term , when we should be talking about cultural and civilization levels . 
  muslims mould be treated not europeans by virtue of being muslims , beaus historically europe , and the west , as civilizations came to be in the opposition to the `` other '' be it islam , or uncivilized world in general during colonial era . 
  i suppose better word would be integral then real , here 's how it works , values like tolerance , taken to extreme create a man for whom anything goes , so this new man ( when i say new man i speak in philosophy terms , after enlightenment , almost all revolutions and movements tired to create a new `` man '' like for example bolsheviks in russia ) . 
  leaders of eu , globalists , international businessmen postulate that borders are bad and national states are no longer needed , why ? 
  well for eu it 's simple , people who have no values like patriotism , loyalty to their national are good , because they are easier to rule , if we take it to extreme form , think of pre 19th century national states , when empires used and abused mass of people as they wanted , people were biomass essentially . 
  when it comes to business , people with no national identity are great to , willing to follow capital and money , perfect wage slaves . 
  what 's scary to me , is how easy our communist era people found like minded people in the eu , people who one tough of `` rotten west '' now teach how unneeded and harmful is a national state . 
  so why are values are important ? 
  well , if we had people , citizens who were loyal to the state , who valued it , were patriotic , we could perhaps overcome problems like corruption , migration . 
  but these days we have people that tolerate everything but intolerance , are loyal to no one but themselves , apathetic to politics and so one . 
  where was i implying that they are same , anyway , i meant that current values postulated will create new man , homo europeus , this man will not have real identity , no loyalty to state , perhaps not even to family and will be servant to big business ( because such new man would not think much of moving about to world just to chase money ) and also good servant for eu bureaucracy ( will not question them ) . 
  if we had values like loyalty to the state , patriotism we could avert this , because nation states once destroyed empires that used them as , well , biomass , really , and gave freedom and democracy and agency to decide their destiny . 
  but we do n't have this right now , and it 's more popular to discard national states to the thrash of history . 
  joys of global world . 
  kind of , enlightenment is against christianity . 
  but after enlightenment we had mass of revolutions and movements that wanted to create a new `` man '' . 
  french revolution , bolshevik revolution , even national movements . 
  but christianity was first such movement that untied separate parts of the world under on e christian `` nation '' , especially with the help of some monasteries and monk brotherhoods . 
  christianity was first `` eu '' in a way :d, 
  they are still universal and not exclusive to europe , does not matter to what degree rest of the world has adapted them . 
  yes yes , i 'm sure it will work out just fine , especially as we are having migration problem . 
  universal values will create universal human , human without real identity , i suppose this new human or rather human mass would be perfect for this day and age , when you can change values , identity on demand , have no real loyalty to anything . 
  perhaps , at any rate , secularism and christianity can both be universal , so in other words , convert people . 
  that 's why i prefer nationalism . 
  perhaps , but bigger problem is that their abstract and universal . 
  means they are not strictly european values . 
  secularism will get us nowhere , it will not give people identity to stick out from the `` other '' and in turn defend itself . 
  heh , he uses universal values for europe . 
  strictly speaking , no such thing exists , to add on this , modern values declared by eu are vague because they are good at creating nietzsche 's `` good european '' . 
  europe is part of western civilization , which was build , partially at least , on christianity . 
  at any rate , values are often manipulated for political purposes . 
  i think i 'll rather stick with virtues . 
  choose christianity or nationalism . 
  anything else will not do against islam . 
  we shall see . 
  true . 
  they should be anti traitor as well . 
  nah , state should impose some kind of ideal family model , it 's understandable that not everyone will fallow it but we only need majority . 
  i rather have traditional model impossed then `` everyone does what they want '' model . 
  i was talking nature wise . 
  in the east it 's hills , lakes , forests and occasional fields . 
  op is from shitty part of lithuania . 
  i 'll admit , it 's to extreme , even for me . 
  do n't care about it 's institutions . 
  fundamentals are more interesting , i would say that , since lisbon treaty , we are going straight for federalization , where there will be no more place for national states , all loyalty to brussels and it 's bureaucracy and not federation of free nation states . 
  think of how we started , many founding fathers of eu were marxists and the like , now they thought neofunctionalism will help to unite europe but it did not work , so communists like spinelli wanted eu to be formed from up to down , it 's no longer about unity of nations . 
  eu will never be full pledged political entity if nations do n't lend their sovereignty to eu . 
  btw that 's why eu likes immigration , it just waters down local ethnic populations , creates people who are not really loyal to their country - creation of a new european man . 
  perhaps all of this could be summed up to one word though - globalism . 
  and i do n't have dislike for eu per say , in fat i was blind federalist couple years ago , but i realized that i do n't want europe they way it 's heading , i do n't want europe in which our communist era ilk found their new masters ... 
  in eu parliament . 
   they pose no danger to us arguably they are one of biggest dangers to western civilization , they or islam , or ourselves i guess .
