  merkel , instead of inviting all should have set rules , that asylum will be temporary , which minimum accommodation , perhaps that would have deterred economic migrants from africa , ( perhaps even refugees too ) , and also helped to enforce eu outer borders . 
  we will see who will feel the storm first ... 
  `` einstein was refugee too '' they are trying hard to sell this whole mess . 
  they should put germany or netherlands for silencing their citizens . 
  swedbank can fuck off . 
  nope , they need to get out , all of them . 
  i 'm not really reactionary , many people think like me in eastern europe , and in general , since when it became wrong to wish you ethnicity to not die out ? 
  and btw , gay right , womens suffrage , all these things will go to drain if europe will import more and more muslims . 
  well dna alone would not do it too . 
  it 's mix of all these things . 
  should have thought before taking in such amounts of migrants , and should have made more children , i mean hell , germans have all the help they need . 
   i can learn the greek language , traditions , customs , and if i change my name to a greek name , am i considered greek ? 
  nope , close , but not there , maybe you grand kids , if they intermarry . 
  not if we get literally replaced , some intake of migrants is okay , but not as much as we are getting right now . 
  what , when did i say that they are part of our nation , and general , i said i was talking about ethnicities , is greeks same as albanian to you ? 
  ask yourself , to me it 's preserving your way of life , you language , traditions , history ( so that we live on ) , also as a lithuanian , our nation is not very big , but we were trough a lot , and we are still here , so survival drive is even bigger . 
  if there is only one option ... then there is the only option . 
  i 'm sorry to say . 
  we wo n't be able to take them all anyways , we would literately be over run and what good we had in europe will be lost . 
  international socialism , or `` open borders '' anarchist stupidity ? 
  yes , trump comes to mind for me . 
  not sure if / s or serious ... 
  usa is migrant nation . 
  as for that baby , well he could be closer lithuanian then let 's say syrian muslim , because he comes from similar culture , civilization . 
  but that 's not a nation , it 's different layer of identity , though perhaps you could use word ethnicity to replace nation . 
  but my reasoning will remain the same . 
  i 'm not hating , but nation = / = citizenship . 
  i mean in lithuania we have poles and they are citizens , and closer then any syrian would ever be , but they are not part of our nation . 
  what are they doing there anyway ? 
  are they 're considered refugees too ? 
  if no deport their asses . 
  pendulum swing . 
  yes , how can even you ask this ? 
  if you take many migrants , who make more children then you , and do n't integrate , in x generations your nation is gone . 
  for lithuania ? 
  for some other countries ? 
  yes , in fat knowing immigrant populations right now , future looks bleak . 
  this will be the start of keeping these people in germany forerver , ethnic germans will still make less babies and in couple of generation you can guess what will happen . 
  nivlce try , but wont work there are are tons of non syrian and syrian muslims , africans and they all breed more then nqtive europeans . 
  could care less of what is guardian or independent doing ... 
  not wrong with preserving your nation . 
  that 's what i was telling people , we will not be able to take all in , hell we cant take much in right now , because that will mean the end of native europeans , so next time you vote make sure it 's not pro immigration people . 
  it 's apathy , nothing new in western society , and that 's sad because time is ticking , you said you want european majority , and i say that might be soon impossible in some countries . 
  then you should be more active in such parties or parties that are against immigration , in general you have to fight back the notion of open borders , encourage patriotism in your countrymen . 
  you should commonwealth nationalist , after what is happening , with germany bullying poland , migrant wave , i think that we should be working closer then ever , v4 , baltics ... 
  ehh ... more like borders protected . 
  and london is shit anyways . 
  we are with you poland, 
  yes , but this wont be just replacment it will be the replacment , meaning no more germans , brits , french and so on , because they just will not reproduce more ... glad that i live in the poor country , no migrants for us . 
  making children , you know , survival of humans , your nation . 
   gaining alliances ? 
  getting a sweet dowry ? 
  trying to outbreed the karlings ? 
  all worthy cause , especially karlings . 
  i 'm not liberal , so i ca n't agree , that state should just keep an eye over the laws . 
   and traditional family is declining with or without same sex marriage . 
  there are many people divorce and in their second or third marriage . 
  that 's what you get , when people do what they want and do n't feel responsibility . 
  yes , and i also worried to what else it could lead . 
  but to be fair , i 'm sure some could be good parents . 
  if it lasts . 
  well , i 'm firmly against gays adopting . 
  yes , that 's a bigger problem the lgbt , and that 's why we should work on traditional family , because it not only means marriage between man and a woman , but responsibility , to each other , and for children . 
   influence birth rates it could cause less commitment to marriage as institution , people will think that you do n't need children for marriage . 
   sexual diseases promiscuity and liberalization of sexual behaviors which could all cause spread of std 's . 
  what do you mean ? 
  people can make interpretations , but idea with religion is that there are metaphysical hard rules , which you should live by and that 's that , `` word of god '' as they say :d i do n't think christian philosophy has idea of progress on social matters . 
  time were hard , people understood it very practically , need to have children as working hands , no pensions , so they would also take care of you . 
  that be said , since we live on time of abundance , we can have bit more freedom , granted , i do n't like how western birth rates are doing . 
   why are they not a real family ? 
  who decides what a real family is ? 
  well , people decide , i guess . 
  though perhaps you could make argument that it 's dictated by biology , but i 'm not making it . 
   and why the fuck do you think they should not be allowed to adopt children ? 
  hard to say what effects will it have , and we have working model all ready , no need to make something else , traditional marriage between man and women will do . 
  no need for artificial insemination or anything . 
  they are not making babies , no marriage for them , anything else , sure . 
   depression problems are far more depressing in countries like lithuania , latvia , russia , even if most of it are not reported . 
  suicide numbers show the true reality tho . 
  are they higher in some of less progressed countries though ? 
  in africa , asia . 
   social progress mean that societies learnt to accept minority rights , to feel compassion , to understand that people are people and everyone should have equal rights , opportunities and so on , to happily co-exist . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  these things are not `` progress '' , they are or they are not . 
  anyway , social progress is interesting idea , need to find philosophy books about it . 
  well i disagree , i think strong and moral nation is that which in courages traditional marriage and other traditional virtues . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  not in the direct manner you said it . 
  though if some behavior get 's normalized it may spread , evolve . 
  what i meant , is that there are people who are better at being something else , not parents . 
   that 's non of your business . 
  as a good citizen of my nation , i think what happens in my society , is my concern . 
   tolerance and inclusive with people have their bounds . 
  i 'm game personally , i do n't think women would want things though , why rock the boat ? 
  christianity offer better moral standarts anyway , and i 'm atheist btw , before you ask . 
   what about all the people who marry and do not want children ? 
  that is quite a huge % of them yes , quite a big problem , bigger the lgbt marriage issue . 
   they still get all the advantages , so why should lgbt people be forbidden to have it ? 
  who dictates this ? 
  well benefits are dictated by state , laws .
