  quality broscience . 
  i highly suggest to buy unflavoured , especially if you are going to mix it . 
  i once made a mistake of buying a flavoured version and i was genuinely happy when i finally finished the bag and could buy something that did n't make me want to vomit . 
  might have been just a shitty brand for flavoured protein tho . 
  just 140 ? 
  til i 'm a genius . 
  guess you need to also not be lazy af to really achieve anything . 
  if europa universalis taught me something , it 's that even though last few wars did n't go well , french army is not a joke . 
  the guy has some nice defined arms . 
  trainer at my gym told me that you should n't go all the way up when doing pulldowns cause it hurts your shoulders . 
  not sure how reliable the advice is but he seems pretty knowledgeable . 
  is it really the war ? 
  that would be a bit out of place to put on propaganda . 
  i thought it were just huge cities . 
  i was kinda expecting to see this comment . 
  as a european i find this american age thing so weird . 
  i mean , why the fuck does it matter if someone is 18 and his gf 16 . 
  biologically there is not a single problem so if the people go well together , why would you even care ? 
  plus he has some beautiful blue eyes, 
  yes . 
  that 's pretty stupid , i do n't understand why is it even getting upvoted so much . 
  dogs/wolves in wild would n't bring newborn puppies meat . 
  they instinctively know that puppies need milk , which their mother can give them . 
  also playing a character i do n't despise would be pretty cool . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i do n't see the direct implication there . 
  paper definitely does shine under blacklight , but that only tells us that paper absorbs some of the uv spectrum and re-emits it at lower frequency . 
  mirrors apparently do n't really reflect much of the uv that hits its surfaces . 
  i would like to see a confirmation that the same effect happens with e.g. 
  higher frequency uv absorbed -  lower frequency uv emitted . 
  i was n't able to find any paper/sourced article about this . 
  17 yo is a child ? 
  i know people who got pregnant at 17 , there is nothing biologically creepy about it . 
  a relationship might be weird since the age difference makes a difference in life experience but otherwise it 's not that big of a deal imo . 
  i sprained my ankle and i 'm getting some nice cash from insurance . 
  5/7 would sprain again . 
  and how do you differenciate ? 
  is dating a young looking 22yo girl creepy as well ? 
  because the difference in looks is n't just appearance . 
  some younger girls are physically more developed than a few years older women . 
  i think the only creepy thing is you trying so hard to put some artificial labels on sexuality . 
  are you sure that it is n't * you * denying some paedophilia hidden deep inside your mind ? 
  c'mon dude , joke does n't get more obvious than this . 
  although it was one of the bragjokes , but still . . 
  i checked your history and decided not to argue any further . 
  if you are troubled , seek help . 
  i think it 's mostly people who have some inner problems who judge others for things like this . 
  yeah there are about as many things wrong in my history as there are in the thing we `` discussed '' above , yet you choose to call it wrong cause you dislike it for some reason . 
  goodbye , hope you get better . 
  that 's not too legit way to measure this tbh . 
  they were interested in * something * but not necessarily anything more than hookup . 
  i chatted with boring girls cause they were hot but also average girls because they had great personality . 
  i 'm not saying that we do n't perceive attractive people to be more entertaining , we probably do , but i do n't think this has any research value . 
  i ca n't provide much info directly related to your request but i very highly doubt it . 
  in theoretical fundamentals of mechanical engineering , which is pretty broad programme , but i had huge trouble even getting into mechatronics control engineering at a danish university , which is even our own master 's programme at my current university . 
  just as little as absence of course on hydraulics and pneumatics was a problem . 
  the other problem is you will likely have trouble keeping up . 
  you would do best to apply for a bachelor 's programme if you truly want to study software engineering . 
  english is not my native language and i was writing this post in hurry . 
  i apologise if it 's hard to make sense out of it , although i feel like i explained what i need in the last paragraph . 
  i do n't think anyone can help me decide based on a few sentences of i like this , i dislike that , i want to do this , since i have no sufficient knowledge of what work in these fields looks like . 
  that 's why i hoped i would get several people writing a few lines about what their work looks like and what do they think its positives and negatives are . 
  technical cybernetics is a ph.d. programme following mechatronics ( me ) or cybernetics and robotics ( ee ) . 
  as a ph.d. programme it 's largely what you make it to be , ranging from neural networks to mostly mechanics/strength of materials with some control incorporated . 
  since i still have no good vision of what i want to do , i ca n't elaborate any further . 
  by developing new systems i meant pretty much just to work in development . 
  i went to a lecture a few months ago and the guy giving it said that it often happens that engineering teams take an already produced product , pull it apart , and rework it to change it into a slightly diffefent product with maybe a bit different function . 
  so this is what i would n't like to do . 
  how exactly does number 1 work ? 
  hey , it 's name surname . 
  i submitted my cv . 
  yep you heard me right , i did send it . 
  no i do n't have anything important to say , i just wan na annoy you with a pointless call . 
  pls hire me . 
  no expanded towns and cities or something similar ? 
  these are some of my favorite mods . 
  probably talking about lifting . 
  i was happy too . 
  years of dedication maybe even harder than actual weight loss . 
  you not only need to focus on eating a lot of healthy food but you also need to work out hard and frequently . 
  eating well and sleeping is a lifestyle to which you need to be dedicated 24/7 . 
  you only have to go to gym like 4 times a week for an hour and maybe do some bodyweight exercise at home two more days per week or something like that . 
  actual lifting is like 30 % of total effort at most . 
  it 's clear you do n't lift , because no one who does would say this . 
  why are you even talking about something you clearly have merely theoretical knowledge of ? 
  did your dad also slap your dick as a punishment ? 
  nah that 's if she looks in my general direction . 
  eye contact means marriage . 
  bro if you think you can apply your high school biology knowledge to something as complex as human metabolism , you are very wrong . 
  anyone who does enough sport and exercise to see changes in his body knows you are a reddit smartass . 
  til i need to watch more porn to get cool ads like this and not some soft drink generic shit . 
  it 's great that they saved her but the guy who saw her and brought her from the water did n't get any credit at all . 
  haire is obviously the hero but they could have at least mentioned the other guy 's name . 
  he helped too . 
  not thicc enough, 
  i do n't mind lavar but i kinda despise people who buy that overpriced shit . 
  60 % of people in the gym do n't give a fuck about you . 
  30 % look at you and think something like ( if you 're not fit ) `` that takes some balls to hit the gym . 
  i respect that guy . '', 
  ( - that 's me ), 
  10 % ( at most ) are morons insecure about themselves and there 's no reason to give a fuck about them .
