  would that really be worth it ? 
  yeah , i guess so . 
  from having to pay for a tryout to defending one of the best offensive players ever in a clutch moment in playoffs . 
  i think not even simmons thought this could happen when he decided to give it a try few years back . 
  yeah . 
  i just hope it will work out for him . 
  i have my doubts about him thriving outside of pop 's well built system . 
  you 're ruining this beautiful thread man, 
  the question is , would kawhi be like this if he pop did n't develop him ? 
  they are n't turning random players into stars . 
  they are selection the most talented players and develop them . 
  pop ritually sacrificed last years of parker 's carreer to give murray mad skills confirmed . 
  things like this only reinforce my belief that animal abuse should be punished much more severely . 
  did you just cut a dickpic to post it here ? 
  exactly my thought . 
  i am totally paranoid about something happening to my semestral project which i probably could replicate in two evenings since i am already familiar with the process . 
  if i decide to go for a ph.d. 
  i will probably build a vault in our basement and store all the notes there lol, 
  isis is a beautiful name imo . 
  shame it got ruined by those degenerates . 
  it actually played at a store i went to a few days ago . 
  i was like really ? 
  cmon now . . 
  haha you speak from my soul . 
  many thanks from europe to all the streamers and mods !, 
  i hope all the warriors fans are fucking ashamed right now . 
  making the $ 150 he needed for a tryout haha, 
  i love the spurs so much . 
  they have so many interesting players who can step up and make great plays . 
  i honestly believe kawhi is # 2 player right after playoffs lebron . 
  all this salty talk aside , it should have been fragrant because what he did was dangerous and it resulted in an injury as a consequence of his fault . 
  am i the only one who tries to have a day dedicated to pretty much only deadlifts ? 
  i usually do deadlifts , then close grip pullups and finish it off with a few light exercises to finish around 45 minutes mark . 
  you are the kind of person that would kick protesters in head . 
  enjoy the direction this attitude will take you in turkey , although you seem like the kind of despicable person that does n't mind islam inspired laws . 
  it 's 2017 . 
  why is the video potato quality ? 
  as a european , it 's weird for me to hear about advertisements for cancer drugs or anything regarding some serious condition in general . 
  the mindset in my country is that the doctor knows and prescribes the best avaible solution . 
  i 'm glad the commercialization of healthcare is almost non existent here . 
  i have n't tried them myself and i do n't know how effective they are but there are some anti-stretchmark lotions for pregnant women . 
  might help your skin not to tear . 
  i want to blend it with fruit but i will likely end up doing what you suggested if transporting the shake proves to be too much work haha, 
  but it does n't offer any advantages and is purely a sandbox element . 
  those faces are almost as gorgeous as oblivion ones . 
  i hated the first half but after that i got used to the writing ( might have been because the language was a little difficult for me as non native speaker at first ) and was actually having fun reading it . 
  i ca n't believe i could n't find sophie 's choice in the comments . 
  reading about stingo fapping in front of a window was absolutely boring but i was glad i persevered and finished the book . 
  definitely have it in my top 5 . 
  who 's a fit boy ? 
  i 've lost a lot of respect for spurs in this series . 
  i wonder what pop told desmon and lma in the previous game . 
  spotted the boyfriend . 
  awesome , but i do n't want to be that guy but imo the jumps are putting a lot of strain on his back . 
  that 's something you would want to avoid if possible with such breeds . 
  why are people acting like this is a natural sweep ? 
  spurs only lost the first one because leonard got injured . 
  otherwise they would have destroyed warriors at home and other games would have went in a different direction as well . 
  i do n't want to take credit from warriors or kd , they are all exceptionally talented , but the sole reason dubs are undefeated is the reckless/clumsy closeout zaza did on kawhi . 
  edit : not to mention spurs went into series without their starting pg , who was playing excellent basketball up to that point . 
  edit2 : i do n't understand why so many people disagree with me ? 
  my point was that spurs would likely be able to compete on a solid level if it was n't for the injuries . 
  i do n't understand how my comment got -10 for pretty much neutral statement . 
  i never said spurs were better . 
  when the video is so adorable you ca n't force yourself to downvote the 10000th repost . 
  normal fit real life girls are way more attractive than what bioware gave us on release . 
  i would say it 's just that the arrogance of turks got in the way of rational thinking . 
  0:37 in the first video . 
  seriously what 's up with the guy in blue shirt sitting there with folded hands . . 
  i just hope he does whatever will make him happy and does n't take anything else in account . 
  holy shit i did n't even realize this . 
  kawhi will work even harder than ever , probably starting now . 
  it will be interesting to see the results next season . 
  i mean , you are n't wrong . 
  if you put that much muscle on anyone , you are going to make him an unstoppable beast . 
  not gon na happen though . 
  not sure why you 're downvoted jk i am, 
  got ta catch all 'em ig hoes . 
  i assume you are taking colagen ? 
  that 's a total must when putting your joints though a lot of strain they are n't used to imo . 
  idk man , only if he can average one . 
  every guy that made it to nba is better than shittalker lavar . 
  he looks like he was having a gay afternoon . 
  what if trump is actually a hero that figured the only way to make the world work together is to unite against a villain so he sacrificed himself . 
  i never realized how bad i need pop to coach boogie until now . 
  we would have new dank memes reap for harvesting weekly . 
  steph should trim his beard . 
  i do n't think this look suits him very well . 
  looking good but thing i noticed and that bothered me a bit is that the image on top is distorted a bit on my device . 
  the people look like 7 feet tall scrawny guys . 
  still looking neat though . 
  evolution at its finest . 
  am i the only one seeing a bit rapey subtext there ? 
  i know it was n't the idea behind this beautiful piece of art but i just cant help it . 
  as a european i would be more than happy if usa stopped sticking its nose where it does n't belong . 
  especially in the middle east . 
  as for europe , i doubt russia has any real chance of successfully invading other countries than ukraine . 
  i think europe does n't need protection . 
  it 's the questionable military operations that cost billions . 
  i believe europe is far from immune to criticism , just look at the shitstorm regarding refugee crisis for example .
