  maybe not from the legal perspective but definitely when looked at with a common sense . 
  i am not saying banning islam is the solution but there is a problem which should be addressed asap . 
  yes but my point is that if there is a group systematically seeking this way of life , it does n't fit in today 's society as parents will force/affect their kids . 
  if this is a minor group it is perfectly fine but with growing number of followers it becomes something undesirable and damaging our society . 
  i believe that orthodox ( ! ), 
  muslims are similar case . 
  i am not advocating banning people 's beliefs but rather taking steps to bring such people closer to average western lifestyle . 
  i am not advocating banning !, 
  as i said , i do not know the answer , which is imo why we need to address these issues and create a viable solution . 
  are there even some good reasons how would europe benefit from turkey joining eu ? 
  i mean the ones worth the risk . 
  ps : being super cool multi-culti progressive society from social antropology student 's wet dream does n't count . 
  citadel and leviathan are a must have . 
  from ashes is very good as well , i strongly recommend getting it too . 
  omega is pretty good but does n't add anything to the lore as a whole . 
  it is just an interesting sidequest adding a few hours of fun gameplay . 
  i have similar question as / u/throwasfas2 . 
  do we need better trade with turkey ? 
  i am more afraid that this might make it even harder for local minor craftsmen , farmers and others to compete and secure a decent living for their families . 
  no one can compete against corporations and companies . 
  i do n't want to be an aggressor here but you sound very distant from reality . 
  on one side you want colorful trade and diversity and on the other you would have us grey corporation based food industry or only imported food . 
  edit, 
  i personally enjoy stopping at local cow house to get some fresh milk for the week and so do many people . 
  it also leaves the cultural , traditional feel to the countryside . 
  that is the colorfulness we should be trying to keep , not some imported culture incompatible with ours . 
  these people * ca n't * compete without help and still have a decent life in which they can afford more than basic stuff even though they work very hard . 
  shame merkel is n't so bright in politics as she was in the science classes . 
  she could have realized much sooner and save europe some troubles . 
  to quote the leviathans : '' there is no war . 
  there is only the harvest . ', 
  just download some texture packs ( not sure which but it 's easy to find here/google it ) . 
  mass effect is a game of characters and story above all and even though the combat is slightly less fun in my opinion , it 's not a big deal really . 
  just try it out then . 
  i personally enjoyed it but it definitely is n't as good as the sequels when it comes to combat . 
  mass effect trilogy and witcher 3 ahead ? 
  oh man , i envy you . 
  interesting to see imperials and paragon leading . 
  i always perceived imperials as unlawful invaders in skyrim . 
  edit : why do you downvote me for stating my opinion ? 
  i never claimed to be right , just mentioned the way me ( and my friends i discussed this with ) see this based on our limited knowledge . 
  i watched only like first 20 minutes and could n't force myself to watch any more . 
  it is anime in the first place and mass effect in the second . 
  if you do n't enjoy anime , it 's probably not worth it for you . 
  with the advanced technology it should be possible to fix the problem itself , not bypass it by some unnatural technology . 
  the coming storm on virmire is still one of my favorite atmospheric effects . 
  obviously the masterpiece storms of witcher 3 are next level , but this is one of the ( many ) things me1 still rocks at . 
  because your comment is fucking stupid . 
  there also is a reason to burn tires at home . 
  that does n't mean it is worth it . 
  am i the only one who would love rpg/strategy mix where you work for/lead a corporation ? 
  explore , research , build and fight . 
  depends on if you really want to play the three games . 
  if it means xy hour of boredom for just one dlc , i suggest just watching playthrough on youtube . 
  if you think you are going to enjoy the playthroughs , go for it !, 
  there are actually multiple ways to battle bark beetles . 
  since poland is near czech republic i am assuming there are similar conditions . 
  czech means of battling the beetles are logging , while germans tend to leave the forests intact and only clean the dead wood , if possible plant diverse trees since such forests are significantly more resistant towards this threat . 
  the logging approach is largely discussed as unnatural and causing more troubles than good . 
  this is mentioned in the article ( did you even read it ? ), 
  this is all just pointless talk though . 
  it is pretty clear from the article that the logging will not be the needed minimum to battle bark beetle . 
  and if allowed , it will grow as to suit personal interests of certain people . 
  so we are back to the tires analogy . 
  you will get heat and get rid of some trash . 
  should you do it , though ? 
  yeah if my mom invested all the savings , not to mention we have property to repair and other stuff that needs investments , we would have shit . 
  now this shit increases over the year . 
  we invest it and now me have shit + epsilon . 
  you know , your spoiled brat logic does n't work on the people that would care about the basic income we can talk about here . 
  we have something similar in the czech republic thanks to our awesome social system . 
  gypsies ( + white trash ) said no to any job ( as apparently any work is a bullshit for them ) and now we have to deal with pretty big minority that refuses to learn - they do not send kids to schools most of the time , no to qualifying in any way , no to trying to assimilate . 
  they also pretty much never marry so that the ` single moms ' get additional benefits . 
  it is always a joy to see loud bunch of assholes go to supermarket , buy lots of stuff they do not need and even many of the working people do n't buy thanks to limited finances and then * call a fucking taxi to pick them up * even though they could use their cars or go on foot like pretty much every decent , working family does . 
  simply brilliant system !, 
  i am expecting to get downvoted . 
  this is probably something that must be first hand experienced . 
  edit : just to make sure - i understand that there are decent and working gypsies , but they are a small minority . 
  how many muslim majority countries are democratic and do not impose any islamic laws ? 
  just genuinely curious . 
  i ran into some weird draugrs with something that looked like remains of wings added by immersive creatures last night . 
  i was already low health and running from a group of spiders hunting me down ( i am low level ) . 
  it was fucking terrifying . 
  along with darker nights . 
  i had to take a break . . 
  i ca n't decide what my stance is . 
  on one hand we should not sink to their low and torture people , on the other , this trash of humanity does n't even deserve a clean death . 
  what laws do you have in mind ? 
  it did n't use its culture as an excuse for harming someone , so i guess nope . 
  last time i watched this guy 's video i got pretty mad because his knowledge of physics ranges around basic high school course which inevitably results in a lot of bullshit . . 
  yeah , i do n't think the youtuber with 700k subs is the one who posted it on / r/masseffect . . 
  it does n't say they are human either . 
  stop discriminating refugee gorillas !, 
  pope and the church could learn a lesson from him . 
  as they could have at any time in the past centuries . 
  shame reddit often fails to understand sarcasm . . 
  i read khajit times at first . 
  too much skyrim lately i guess . . 
  elon musk has shown us he can accomplish his goals multiple times . 
  i do n't see any reason why he would n't this time .
