  i do n't see a problem with that . 
  if we could purify our genes , why would n't we do that . 
  your argument is something like ` that ball of cells is a human being ' but so is every sperm , so here we are back to good ` ol you shall not fap . 
  i think it 's up to scientists to determine at which point a ball of cells becomes a human being and that should be the moment when abortion becomes unthinkable . 
  up to that point we are talking about a cluster of cells and it 's desirable to make every attempt to help our children succeed - be it resistance to genetic diseases or even positive traits like intelligence in future . 
  both for them , their happiness and mankind . 
  i do n't think you are really in position to call others dumb since you write your comments like a 15 years old entitled prick . 
  i see why you would be against genetic selection , you would be the first one to be aborted . 
  both his coordination and strength/endurance are on the level of the very best athletes ever . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is n't a sport or activity he would n't easily excel at . 
  i do n't know . . irregular sounds so harsh . 
  i think we should call them `` maybe slightly not in the most usual way coming very nice people '' . 
  6 ' 4 and this is the type of shit i swipe left for even if the girl is hot . 
  definitely . 
  this lead me to think though , would ncaa champs defeat european teams ? 
  do people honestly think there is something to be done at this age ? 
  i honestly doubt we will ever be able to reverse this process . 
  there is so much power in the hands of the wealthy and powerful people and it 's just going to grow as ai and advanced robots are developed . 
  this is nothing like the power aristocrats had . 
  two points :, 
  it was a fucking joke, 
  there is a problem with lazy economic migrants coming for money and contributing nothing . 
  anyone who is ok with it is a moron . 
  i actually kind of like these discussions . 
  it shows me that not every issue is one sided as you can see strong points on both sides if you scroll through all the toxic garbage . 
  this must be such an interesting field to get into as a researcher now . 
  working on things that will impact mankind in hopefully very positive way with the funding of large scale commercial project . 
  puts in perspective how massive nba players are . 
  he looks great for a 6 foot guy with the shoulder width/heigth ratio . 
  and he 's 7 ' 2 . 
  reddit is fun is truly a joy to use . 
  shame i had to uninstall it because it was killing my productivity lol, 
  lmao i hope you are trolling . 
  warriors choked in the finals and had to bring another mvp in an all-time weak move . 
  tony was playing great . 
  i 'm sick of people insulting him , just like they did with manu a few seasons back . 
  that 's just distasteful . 
  i have no problem with you saying that but statements like ` the corps of tony parker ' really grind my gears . 
  and what was his point ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's correct but / u/merosi said along thr lines that as long as tesla cars cause less accidents than humans , it 's acceptable for the system not to be perfect . 
  maybe you could drop your entitled pick attitude and actually explain why do you think he missed the point next time . 
  it 's called discussion . 
  probably that israel is the only place in the middle east that is n't a complete shithole . 
  dubai is the biggest shithole in the entire asia lol . 
  other places at least look accordingly . 
  dubai is a place that could be an oasis of human rights with the resources they have , but it 's filled with human filth . 
  he did fuck up but this thing is going to be blown way out of its proportions . 
  he did n't use it as a racial slur , he likely was n't even thinking about black people as a race when he said it . 
  i find the whole thing around the word nigger quite strange . 
  black people use it very often but somehow i ca n't use it because i 'm white ? 
  that just seems fucked up on its own . 
  either the word is offensive and no one uses it or the word is fine and everyone can use it . 
  we need to differentiate between actual racists and educate people to understand that black people are n't inferior as human beings . 
  not witchhunt youtubers who misuse language probably because they 've encountered it written in a certain way . 
  yeah , it does . 
  did n't work either . . 
  i 'm honestly just hoping there is an option to force controller in some . ini file or something , ca n't think of anything else to do . 
  omg yes , it did work . 
  i believe i have tried it before , but it did n't work that time so i supposed the driver reinstall or something did work but the controller was switched to the wrong output . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  you half-agree and half-missed the point, 
  is ublock origin sufficient ? 
  good thing that i asked . 
  thanks . 
  yeah that sounds like a problem . 
  i will give it a shot and see how it works for me . 
  thanks . 
  i still believe spurs had very , very legit chance to defeat them if kawhi and tony stayed healthy . 
  i got downvoted last time i said this , but the way they were destroying warriors in the first game was n't a coincidence . 
  also lebron is soon 33 and puts up the same numbers he did in his prime at higher efficiency . 
  i do n't think it 's fair ridiculing a guy for using his body in a smart and efficient way . 
  maybe if drose took care of his body like lebron does , thing would be different for him . 
  do you think he does n't play well enough in the playoffs ? 
  i 'm not even his fan , i root for kawhi and gordon , but i ca n't help to respect lebron ever since his 2016 playoffs performance . 
  [ removed ], 
  hey , this is probably a stupid question . 
  i am looking for high res nba stream and i 've heard about torrent streams . 
  i am frankly not even sure how exactly that works but here is my question, 
  is there any torrent streaming chain that would allow almost live nba games streaming in some considerable quality ? 
  thanks . 
  hello , i 'm arguing with my friend about correct form of second sentence in first exercise [ of this test ] ( https://scontent-ams3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/1003601_1127223210636097_5685622258817492848_n.jpg?oh=e48b51d45683afe026814ec00262fc2d&oe=571c522b ), 
  which version is correct, 
  when we arrived we have discovered that the hotel manager had reserved . . 
  when we arrived we discovered that the hotel manager had reserved . . 
  thanks , 
  greetings , could someone give me accurate translation of this video ? 
  there has been some controversy in my country regarding what he meant and i would be grateful for unbiased translation . 
  thanks !, 
  so as we learned the leviathans pretty much ruled the galaxy before they created the reapers . 
  what do you think happened to them after the destroy ending ? 
  my guess is they tried , in their arrogance , to subjugate other races again and were eventually outnumbered and forced to hide again . 
  is there mod that simulates objects getting wet during rain ? 
  the title , in high gold/plat elo . 
  i used to download games the next day ( i live in eu so watching games live is n't an option when i have school ) from kat . 
  is there any other site where i can find quick torrent uploads since it 's shut down now ? 
  hello , is it possible to write, 
  `` if i had wanted to get better scores , i should have studied harder '' as, 
  `` had i wanted to get better scores , i should have studied harder '' ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  hello , i wrote this sentence,
