  i 'm not a vegetarian but also not an asshole to have animal stressed ( quite possibly with fatal consequences ) for my amusement . 
  to be honest , doctors are n't really qualified to speak about this either . 
  this is something very new , cutting edge research . 
  i do n't understand all the scepticism . 
  the man wants it and is surely aware of the low chance of success . 
  it gives him something to hope for , since he said that he does n't want to live like this , i believe . 
  even if it 's a failure , it will likely give us tons of useful data that can be used for research and eventually finding a way to make it work . 
  people who wear sunglasses on their forehead should be locked up as not to cause more harm to the society . 
  trump getting completely owned at g20 !!!, 
     watch now < < < ( no clickbait ) g20 prank gone wrong, 
  calm your tits ? 
  you surprisingly did n't get any vulgar comments , i do n't understand why are you complaining . 
  you went full retard , the downvotes are to be expected lol, 
  sometimes an app asks even after i rated it . 
  easiest way to 1 * . 
  where, 
  there is some science behind it . 
  for example the monkey `` that only lived on life support and was paralyzed '' was a part of research on reattachment of blood supply , but people who did n't read a fraction of original article made it into some huge failure . 
  the real problem is ethics , which is debatable . 
  there is at least some science being done , which is good . 
  even einstein was criticised for the `` impossible '' theory of relativity by most scientists . 
  i 'm not saying that this doctor is a genious or that he will succeed but a lot of people are just acting irrationally . 
  no one is questioning kevin 's hard work or talent . 
  the thing people are criticising is that moving to gsw was a weak move . 
  a pr move more likely . 
  i have very low opinion on trump after recent months . 
  i 'm starting to understand why some people wanted to sink a few ships with migrants . 
  inhuman , yes , but it would deter others from trying , which in turn would probably save quite a few people who have drown as well . 
  thanks !, 
  one thing that really helps me learn languages ( did it with english and german so far ) is trying to do the things you love in that language . 
  i like playing video games so i switched all my games to german and i 've made huge progress since then . 
  you can apply this to tv shows or books . 
  at first it might be annoying but you will soon get used to it . 
  especially reading ebooks on my kindle did wonders for my vocabulary . 
  it has a built in dictionary so you can display definition of a word you do n't understand in literally a second . 
  it would make international news . 
  do you honestly think economic migrants are cavemen who do n't have access to tv or the internet ? 
  many of them brought better smartphones than those that many europeans have . 
  no , it 's because the cop culture is different . 
  american cops are prime example of what happens when you give random douche power over others . 
  european cops have much less authority than american police and it works pretty well . 
  got ta hate them teenage girl gangs . 
  and the award for most autistic comment goes to . . 
  from my own experience it 's not the same . 
  many universities require c1 level certificate from a c1 level exam , which means they wo n't accept c1 level fce exam , and i imagine the c2/c1 difference will be the same . 
  on the other hand , i think all institutions only require c1 , at most c1 with a good score , so i would n't be concerned about that and you can say/write in your cv that you have c2 level exam , which is technically correct . 
  by slightly modifying the prices . 
  i imagine people still care about how much they spend for a car and if good electric car is n't expensive , i can imagine a lot of people wanting it . 
  i 'm glad for both of you and thanks . 
  i think it even amplifies , if a guy is genuinely good passer because in nba you have 4 guys who can score really well if you put them in a good situation . 
  110 % is nothing lol . 
  you are safe man . 
  but what if the male chick identifies as a female ? 
  edit : lmao why is this getting downvoted ? 
  i 'm sorry if i triggered someone by a shitty joke . . 
  this reminds me of the asshole mayor in my hometown who wants to build garages in a nice part of town with trees . 
  after quite a strong backlash two years ago he said he wo n't build anything there . 
  guess who announced a month ago that there will be new garages . . 
  my question was just about some interesting places i might not have read about in a guide . 
  i live in prague and i would be able to make such a list in a while so i was hoping that someone will know something interesting . 
  as for my plan - generic tourist destinations most people visit . 
  distributing goods from food processing factories to accessible locations while keeping it from going bad and hiring staff to sell it ? 
  yes it 's for mt internship . 
  i have a task from the technical director , who is slightly disconnected from the engineers here . 
  i need the values for some calculations , but we have here only certain thicknesses which we need to measure . 
  i asked whether they know whom should i message but they had no idea . 
  i will ask a few more people and hope someone will have a contact i could use to get these angles . 
  yes it 's for my internship . 
  i have a task from the technical director , who is slightly disconnected from the engineers here . 
  i need the values for some calculations , but we have here only certain thicknesses which we need to measure . 
  i asked whether they know whom should i message but they had no idea . 
  i will ask a few more people and hope someone will have a contact i could use to get these angles . 
  that 's only cause klay smokes jokers like you on the court though . 
  gordon plays basketball game , then comes home and bangs his superhot wife and finishes it off with a game of league . 
  we are talking about klay having a great life , but to me this is as good as it gets . 
  would take a wife like gordon has over all the ig hoes . 
  should have impersonated a judge and let himself go free, 
  that depends on how rankeds are going . 
  i 'm generally very pragmatic regarding this stuff and i do n't believe in life after death or anything but i want to be burried and a tree planted over my body . 
  it just seems cool to me to technically be still a part of something living . 
  i 'm interested in a game made by studio capable of making a game with heart and soul like the original trilogy had . 
  i doubt team behind mea can give us that . 
  i do n't think you can really rate the races like this . 
  all of the races in the ot were original and great imo . 
  salarians are definitely at the level of krogan or turians in terms of design and originality , it 's just not the race that comes to everyone 's mind when you say ` the best race ' . 
  and the money spent on keeping alive someone who is already dead could save many of them . 
  world is a depressing place . 
  was he really that original with leafy or keem ? 
  remind me , what does isis do to transexuals ? 
  not only are they cowards , they are hypocrites as well . 
  why is that so ? 
  that basically says that certain percentage of population is involved in certain activity . 
  if my country started burning tires as a heat source we would n't be able to surpass us emissions anyway . 
  would that make us bigger assholes destroying our planet though ? 
  yes , it would of course . 
  derrick is vastly undervalued right now . 
  i think it kinda does to the team he 's getting traded into . 
  i thought it was dwight howard . 
  / r/nba has lied to me . 
  would you want to trade for a star that does n't want to play for your team though ?
