  they are all right i guess . 
  this is a perfect example of smart business move . 
  just as some foreign markets sell 90 % of local made goods , which they surely do not care about . 
  the people in important positions probably feel good about helping the ones in need but i very much doubt that it 's the true reason . 
  maybe she said that to protect herself from retribution . 
  that 's not the point . 
  ** death is the worst punishment one can get and the killing happens in a second to the worst kind of trash humanity has to offer . 
  ** serial killers , child killers . . we are talking about mutilation here . 
  ** the man '' unintentionally blinded other man in street fight '' ** according to his own words . 
  what is coming next , amputation of legs after car accident ? 
  i am always shocked how narrow minded most redditors are to not see the wider picture and give this an upvote . 
  cg on creating reddit account just to insult someone . 
  you must be a cool guy bro . 
  next time grow balls and at least post this on your main acc . 
  meanwhile my country welcomed chinese president with all the honors ( and paid people ofc ) . 
  i think i vomited a bit . . 
  i finished playing the trilogy a few hours ago with the default paragon male . 
  now i have the strange feeling of emptiness you get after you finish a great , really long book or great series . 
  i romanced liara ( although i am not usually inclined to these kinds of things in games ) and the last goodbye just broke my heart . 
  in the end i chose destroying the reapers and my shepard survived . 
  so in my mind shepard is having an awesome party with all the friends and liara citadel dlc style !, 
  sorry for the late response !, 
  i had some studying to do and forgot about reddit for a while . 
  i , too , thought the reaper was a geth ship and the husks were geth creations . 
  after all , most of the characters were confused as well !, 
  i only remember my first playthrough faintly but i did n't really pay attention to most of the characters , i did not complete many side quests and just rushed toward the end . 
  this time i knew better . 
  i really paid attention to details and the game rewarded me . 
  i became so absorbed by the game and i got really emotionally attached to the characters this time , i do n't remember the last time this happened to me in a game . 
  what a masterpiece !, 
  ca n't wait for andromeda . 
  might be you did n't play the game the way most people did , in which case i wonder why you are on this sub anyway . 
  it 's focused on the single most important aspect of the entire game - the characters . 
  at which it does excellent job . 
  i think the punishment for people directly involved should be very harsh . 
  putting personal interests before humanity in this way is a crime i do n't think we have ever encountered as species . 
  just imagine , these people had the information and the iq to understand the consequences and how it will affect ( especially ) the poorest . 
  i am surprised i did n't see mass effect 3 ending here ( with the dlcs of course ) . 
  i literally sat there for almost 10 minutes thinking about consequences of every decision . 
  yep , and then i shot the starchild in the head because i like shooting at random things and got the worst ending . 
  we have alternative resources now , as elon musk has shown us . 
  they did not do that because it 's the only way to keep society going , they were protecting their own personal gains . 
  your point is invalid . 
  you might have spent a few years , which is absolutely negligible from the reaper perspective , getting a few species to work together but there are enough examples of the opposite throughout the lore . 
  i think the point is very valid because in a large time scale , organics will always try to create ai to assist them and for the ai to be effective ( sell well on corporation-scale or give a species upper hand in some petty conflict ) , it needs to surpass their masters . 
  this means that inevitably there would be a war that would n't go well for organics . 
  i think it would have been awesome if bioware actually went with it and maybe made me 4/dlc with proper ending but it has been made clear enough that it is just a fanfiction . 
  edit : jesus , all the people disliking indoctrination theory downvoting anyone who does n't agree with them . 
  i thought this subreddit was better than this . 
  the amount of upvotes this got just shows how stupid can / r/worldnews sometimes be . . 
  actually exactly what i like for running . 
  thank you !, 
  reminded me of the fascism technology quote in civ . 
  ` you can wear shirt of any color , as long as it 's black . ', 
  czech national television ( paid from our taxes ! ), 
  had a given stance on some issues ( including ukrainian crisis ) from eu officials . 
  the director officially admitted it . 
  i do n't understand why most people seem simply not to care . . 
  stupid terrorists . 
  is it just me or did the right wing parties become ` far-right ' and people opposing immigration neo-nazis ? 
  this labeling is disgusting and it 's hurting the freedom of speech . 
  haha , idk why did you get downvotes . 
  i found this funny . 
  that 's because morons downvote posts they do n't agree with , not the irrelevant / not contributing as it should be . 
  i honestly would love any mass effect game . 
  the universe is so well written and created i ca n't think of anything from small scale gangs to full scale war that would suck . 
  hell , i would love to see some corporation scale trade/fight/research rpg-strategy mix . 
  this sounds like the kind of place i would * love * to work in when i finish the university !, 
  my dislike for merkel grows every time i see her mentioned in the news ... 
  might be true for older men or reddit beta losers . 
  in my early 20s , i still find this game to be fun . 
  definitely should n't be overused but it 's nice to know you have an attractive woman and not some leftover . 
  selling a mere fraction of vatican 's art would generate enough wealth to help millions of people in africa . 
  i do n't think head of the child molesting organization is entitled to ask such questions . 
  what they do is nothing compared to what they could do if they sold some of the ( originally stolen ) items . 
  have you ever been to vatican ? 
  so donald trump might not be as bad as he seems . 
  of course people understood the sarcasm . 
  although it might not always seem so , / r/worldnews does n't consist of retards . 
  why am i not surprised that isis fighter wears slips ? 
  boxers probably are not very comfortable with that micro penis . 
  edit : sorry about your micropenis , dear downvoter, 
  '' your teeth , man . 
  having great hair wo n't mean shit when you look like a mouth breather . 
  hide them . '', 
  glad to hear that from totally-not-a-dickhead !, 
  oh , so the church generates money , yes ? 
  they have priests doing beneficial work which generates their income ? 
  oh wait , no , they milk the religious people as it has always been . 
  damn man , you got me . 
  * cries in a corner * :d, 
  not 100 % sure but i think i reprogrammed them and still managed to get the peace . 
  as others mentioned , he interacts with grunt . 
  i think there are many npcs like this , with no real purpose but helping build the atmosphere of each location . 
  thank !, 
  will remember that in my next playthrough , hopefully i will have time for that soon . 
  your poor smiley is missing an arm . 
  1 upvote = 1 prayer, 
  that is not so simple . 
  if , let 's say , there is a branch of religion that forbids higher education , it has no place in western culture .
