you ca n't play crap childish game like league and pretend you are mature , just does not go together . . 
  i am still waiting for obama to comment this . 
  he did n't take so much time in the russian jet incident . 
  as a czech citizen , i assure you i would take our drunken president over turkey in eu anytime . 
  among his controversial claims , this one i support . 
  6 ' 3 male 21yo, 
  + most women find it attractive, 
  + gives natural authority, 
  + advantage in many sports, 
  + overal feels good to be the dominant figure, 
  - back problems , exercise is needed to feel good, 
  - it is necessary to gain some weight and get fit not to look like a stick and therefore gain the attractivity and dominance benefits, 
  - public transport requires me to bend my head down slightly ( just for some holders in old tram type and door in prague metro ), 
  - being bullied when growing up, 
  - awkward repeated jokes , comments, 
  - difficult to kiss when dating short girls, 
  the problem is not necessarily his opinion but rather the way he presents it , in the most undiplomatic way . 
  he divides our society into two groups and instead of building dialogue , he sows conflits . 
  this is coming from a person that shares many of his views . 
  those people are either short sighted or sympatize with isis . 
  i think we have seen enough to safely assume that these savages wo n't go away unless we help them . 
  only a swift and deadly attack will end this . 
  when curing cancer doctors have to sacrifice some of the healthy tissue . 
  i do n't believe the sa will really change under current form of government . 
  he creates conflict where it does n't have to be created . 
  speaking what he thinks is the truth is of course great thing but comparing people protesting against him to neanderthals and refusing to give some people the title of profesor , which is decision made by universities and president is only to do the ceremony does no good to our society . 
  the list of similar ` incidents ' is of course much longer . 
  do n't question methods of our trusted ally , unlike that undemocratic russia !, 
  my friend who is a model is naturally very thin . 
  really nice discriminating law . 
  would you care to explain ? 
  i do n't see many moments in our history that would imply this . 
  sadly anonymous does n't seem to be able to do more than hack a few accounts or have some 4chan kids use ddos scripts . . 
  if they could leak some of the official data , that would make huge impact . 
  i seriously doubt they are capable of doing that . . if it is even doable . 
  this immigration is absolutely out of any form of control . 
  what a reckless politics by merkel and others . 
  who would have thought it would come to that ? 
  well , except for many opponents of reckless immigration policy who were labeled as xenophobes and even nazis . 
  yes i would be posting the exact same thing since it would be equally bad of a solution . 
  what should have been done is analyzing the problem in a mathematical way , making estimates of our capabilities , securing borders and letting in the real refugees in a carefully driven process in more of an engineering way , not political . 
  sadly these actions are led by people who study politics like you , that means how to talk about problems not how to solve them . 
  down to my very detailed plan ? 
  do what some of the politicians are doing just now while it was time . 
  but among all - make it absolutely clear that refugees are not welcome unless they are in direct danger . 
  the efforts should have been directed at helping people in their own countries . 
  also , you seem like one of the knows it alls with some social studies laughing stock degree who labeled me as a xenophobe when i was saying some 5 years back that immigration should be stopped and our policy on that carefully reviewed . 
  with all the byrocratic nonsense talk . 
  european stand on immigration is about laws , that is not constitution or something that ca n't be changed so i do n't understand what are you talking about . 
  i do n't wan na waste any more of my time so you can save your time and not reply . 
  why did you even bother replying in the first place then ? 
  i was merely stating my opinion, 
   `` germany sent a signal that was seen and heard in many parts of the middle east and north africa . 
  that has spurred illegal migration toward europe , '' the czech prime minister said in an interview with german daily s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung . 
  exactly . 
  merkel took the liberty of speaking for other countries which she had no right to . 
  i do n't remember him ever having different opinion, 
  there is marketing - stories willingly spread among citizens who thus view europe as utopia where they get stuff for free . 
  and then there are people facilitating the transport , creating fake passports , smuggling people on boats . 
  looks like a company with loosely tied departments . 
  the girls were lucky to be born in one of the richest countries . 
  they are probably among the 5 % luckiest people in the world . 
  they could become literally whatever they wanted and yet they chose to run and join a cult which was known to murder , rape and torture innocent people . 
  only thing i feel about this is satisfaction . 
  they will leave the country . . to other european countries . 
  as missleading as a title can get, 
  they willingly chose to walk away . 
  were not fired . 
  also , they were offered to go pray in a groups of three . 
   `` it do n't matter if i do n't have a job , my religion is more important , '' aden told cbs news . 
  nice attitude . 
  maybe he should go back to the countries where religion is above everything and see how they are doing . 
  yeah they were offered to go away to pray in a groups of three as not to halt the production . 
  it 's just muslims demanding extra rights again . . 
  functional trebuchets are surprisingly not so easy to build . 
  they would need someone with a brain to do that . 
  luckily there are not many of such people among their ranks . 
  you do n't need brain to buy weapons sadly . 
  technically it is , in terms of development of certain areas . . 
  yeah he will say some super offensive thing insulting at least two other groups of people along with the refugees , making half the society argue again . 
  glorious leader indeed . . 
  read carnegie 's how to influence people and make friends . 
  go home , your pc bullshit is n't working anymore . 
  it 's 2016 . . 
  it should be called political correctness crisis since that is the true reason of problems in europe . 
  allowing too many refugees ( especially men in 20s , 30s ) in . 
  not protecting our culture enough . 
  not stoutly enforcing our laws . 
  list goes on ... 
  good idea !, 
  give him more publicity . 
  trump is nothing but a product of their own inability to act responsibly in time . 
  useless jesters vs. hateful jester, 
  no authorities were concerned about her mother just leaving ** 14 year old child ** in a foreign country ? 
  i do n't know about britain but i am pretty sure that would be illegal and would raise serious concerns in school in my country . 
  feels like rather opinion ranking based on my first look . 
  i guess it does n't exactly work as a bunch of optical cables that need to be precisely fitting then and the ability to spread electic disruptions is more important . . 
  i do n't think a digit that long could be effectively used by any current technology-based computer and once quantum computers are developed for wider use current encryption wo n't do us much good anyway . 
  i do n't think there is a creative field ( ranging from science to art ) you can work in effectively these days without the internet . 
  exactly !,
