  there has been an enormous turn in recent months . 
  i wonder where did all the firmly pro-immigration people go ? 
  why does this even have so many upvotes ? 
  isis is just pathetic . 
  it 's like that kid threatening to ` fuck you up irl ' in online games . 
  i am pretty sure that once the atrocities they commited become ` just ' history they will be laughed at as the worthless jesters they are . 
  i 've had numerous discussions with immigration supporters for at least 4 or 5 years now and even smart people ( university students , not talking about social studies ) genuinely thought this will play out fine for everyone . 
  i agree . 
  it depends on the school greatly though . 
  and all engineering students need to be at least able to comprehend differential equations and some slightly advanced and more abstract concepts . 
  not everyone can do that which is why most have over 50 % drop off rate . 
  technically , yep . 
  other types like chemical computers are not capable of that either . 
  so to be exact - i mean every computer know to us except the ones exploiting quantum properties . 
  us has pretty unnecessary use of lethal force by their police and they do n't seem to regard it as a good idea . 
  so are there legit proofs or not ? 
  i have n't heard about it since russia released some materials they claimed to prove this . 
  remember when sweden was viewed as the utopic country everyone wanted to live in ? 
  i barely do now . 
  i would say that is because people are sick of bending our culture because muslims disagree . 
  go ahead and label everyone who disagrees with changing our culture and way of life because immigrants do n't like it a racist . 
  leftie traitor , the general opinion is already shifting and people like you will be the ones labeled in the end . 
  pax-21 is starting to spread . 
  i disagree . 
  there are more signs but one that you are probably aware of is anti immigration parties gaining votes ( and the many others adopting some of the anti immigration opinions , at least in the countries i am aware of ) . 
  polls disagree . 
  i doubt they will get majority anyway , since other parties will just adapt to the voter demand . 
  which is good since i do n't support right wing politics besides careful regulation of immigration and promoting our culture ( not enforcing it of course ) . 
  coming back to power is always triggered by some insensitive and irresponsible actions by politicians . 
  in germany it were the enormous war reparations . 
  this time it is bringing in people without having enough resources to deal with them and assimilate them . 
  by the way , i think it would still be better than the spineless alternative of left wing where everyone not agreeing with pc agenda is labeled unsensitive nazi and preferably sued for hatespeech . 
  i doubt this conversation will bring any fruit so let 's just agree to disagree and let us both have a nice evening . 
  so what do you suggest ? 
  bring millions of people into europe and give them free housing , food and many other benefits ? 
  i would only consider you very naive a few years ago now i hope you are just trolling . 
  i think that people who care about healthy food do n't eat at mcdonald 's at all . 
  this is more likely aimed at fat , unhealthy people trying to live healthier , aka ` and i 'll have a diet coke with my 5 hamburges . ', 
  i do n't have deep knowledge of it field but is n't india just massive workforce with huge number of people being able to type some simple to average code , while more developed countries raise the true minds behind ideas and algorithms ? 
  judging by numerous sources i 've read , turkey is n't especialy strong . 
  nk has highest number of submarines ( by far ) but that does n't make them naval superpower . 
  edit, 
  any source you can find . 
  downvote me for not agreeing with your own agenda , morons . 
  shh you ca n't make jokes like that . 
  this is reddit , half of the users look like that . 
  or anyone ever about influx of arabs *, 
  * merkel and bunch of crazy lefties not taken in account, 
  thank you very much . 
  just one more question for you, 
  the interviewer literally translated the end of the first paragraph as : the most important thing for him is a suitable place to live . 
  if he is to live in a painted cow house , there is no way he will accept that and will return back to iraq . 
  the statement about him returning back to iraq is the part which sparked outrage in some people since it is viewed as very ungrateful . 
  could you please comment this part specificaly ? 
  was that an error on translators part ? 
  i blame lefties for blocking intelligent dialogue . 
  if there is a concern it should be openly talked about without fear of being labeled racist or xenophobic . 
  if you try to silence people they start feeling desperate and this happens . 
  just horrible . 
  edit, 
  i am not trying to justify violent thugs as some people here imply . 
  but that is just the nature of some the less intelligent and educated people , this was to be expected . 
  i am merely sharing my observations from , mostly , facebook discussions in my country . 
  i believe this violence could have been largely evaded by choosing . . a wiser way to interact with opponents of migration , that is in a form of dialogue , not sweeping any arguements off the table as racist and xenophobic . 
  so wealthy european nations with frau merkel in the front invite whole middle east for free benefits . 
  now they change their mind and blackmail greece to stop massive migration induced by them , which it has no resources to do . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  really nice one , i thought they would n't top the one when they invited migrants and then wanted to distribute them evenly among eu countries which refused to allow mass immigration , but they did it . 
  i am really shocked , the interview was aired by one of our major stations . 
  i hope this will be set right very soon ( i already saw some articles pointing out the mistakes in translation . ), 
  thank you again for your time . 
  it also forbids torture . 
  we all know geneva convention and human rights are strongly enforced by the west . 
  in cases when it suits a powerful nation , exceptions are made, 
  this will definitely complicate the situation for people who really need to leave their country for security reasons . 
  or just americans do n't give a damn because diplomatic consequences are basically non existent . 
  yeah , i totally forgot . 
  those are the bad guys . 
  not the good ones creating terrorist cells and supplying them with weapons to feed their forever hunger weapon industry . 
  you are underestimating the power of denial . 
  when you are someone your occupants view as worthless , lazy , less human race and you are always one wrong step away for being murdered , you would learn to keep your head down and pretend nothing is happening . 
  standing up and helping someone was something remarkably brave . 
  damn it !, 
  kids in africa could have eaten those containers . 
  i think we could also allow just ** a bit ** of sharia . 
  let 's be tolerant , people !, 
  they are currently focusing on anti-immigration pages ( at least in my country ), 
  i would n't generalize this as european intellectuals . 
  at least in the czech republic , not too many academics openly supported immigration . 
  they just were silent , most likely because they feared being labeled , and let the minority of , mostly social studies based , academics talk out loud . 
  for example , docent martin konvi\u010dka leads the movement ` we do n't want islam in the czech republic ' . 
  it 's not the most pc movement , but it 's not something terrible . 
  lefties labeled the shit out of him . 
  not if it was made by ea . 
  i did n't buy battlefront because i would feel bad for supporting that shitty company . 
  appealing their mostly 13yo players . 
  nothing wrong with that i suppose . 
  you mean the migrants merkel whole heartily invited to europe without asking people from all around the continent who did not vote her to speak for them ? 
  can someone fake uganda having large oil deposits ? 
  this is one of the countries that really could use some democracy .
