  they are n't judging others cause others are out of shape/whatever but because of their own issues . 
  do you live in the eu ? 
  it 's nowhere near us in regards of capitalism . 
  just the healthcare is enough to suffice as the only argument , although there are many , many more . 
  that 's one fashionable great grandma . 
  i was thinking he could have just bought a cheap bike . 
  gets you there quickly enough and you do n't have ro care about gas or maintenance . 
  for an average redditor , it probably is . 
  i would n't mind walking 3 miles but on the other hand , you get sweaty if it 's hot outside , which might be a problem if they do n't have shovers and he needs to communicate with customers . 
  you are doing your part by being the biggest polluter per capita , still one of the biggest polluters overall and definitely the biggest among developed countries . 
  you also have historical share no one will ever be able to surpass . 
  so yep , you do owe the world . 
  she is n't making some goofy retarded face , so nope , i guess . 
  i read that in dunkey 'd voice . 
  people like you help me understand how is it possible that you voted someone like trump into the office . 
  have fun losing your global leadership in everything besides obesity and overcommercionalized healthcare and sports . 
  both china and especially india are working hard on tackling the issue considering they are developing countries , unlike fatass americans who drive car literally everywhere and have non existent public transport , compared to first world counties . 
  well you sound like a trump supported with the ` bad deal ' bullshit . 
  pa is n't a deal , it 's something every country needs to follow and your country happens to be one of the leading polluters that actually can change things without having their people starve or live in extreme poverty , unlike the developing countries you mentioned , which are still doing more to help fight climate change than us currently . 
  the level of ignorance in us is unprecedented in first world countries . 
  i knew it was going to be this one . 
  the day we all became klay 's fans . 
  because klay is 50 % man 50 % meme . 
  this shit right here is why aliens do n't talk to us lmao, 
  yeah , country . 
  you know , like . . ehh , europe . 
  if you stopped selling billions of dollars worth of weapons to countries like saudi arabia and could manage not to destabilise any country for a few years , i think most of the world would give you a pass on your self appointed job as protector of the world . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  maybe he should have stayed . 
  i 'm sure he loves basketball and he did n't get to play all season . 
  i think poor knowledge of history and geography is slowly becoming a signature attribute of americans . 
  that 's pretty hard to achieve , while being historically put in the best possible position to create something better than a country like usa , where people have to fear for the very basic things like healthcare . 
  i am not inclined to shitpost about america if that 's what you 're implying . 
  it 's just that 90 % of posts on r/worldnews are about trump or closely related to some dumb decision he made . 
  the threads are of course filled with americans acting like they are paying for defense and anti-climate change actions of the entire world , which is false and it upsets me . 
  i do n't have anything against us if that 's what you think , i 'm merely upset when uneducated americans act like they are protecting entire world with their missions to the me or that other developed countries somehow want them to pay for anti climate change actions . 
  that 's something every country needs to work on as much as possible before it 's too late . 
  edit :, 
  just a note , i figured you creeped through my post history when you implied czech republic is in eastern europe , which upsets most czechs , as you read in some of my posts . 
  that was the only reason i replied the way i did . 
  i just checked my history because i was wondering whether i became bitter towars the usa or something and i participated in like 3 threads of this kind over the last month . 
  all of which regarded the pa or selling weapons to saudis , both of which are legitimate issues worthy of criticising . 
  do n't be so oversensitive . 
  fucking over civilized world is n't a way to help people in need . 
  it 's only a way to have people vote for governments that wo n't help at all , while also decreasing safety and quality of live in our countries . 
  poland was n't one of the countries that set the precedent that economical migrants will be left in the country and given benefits , neither was it the one to say that refugees are welcome . 
  the issue was handled extremely poorly and you have sjws throwing ` nazi ' around at anyone who was sceptical of allowing migrants in to thank for it . 
  because the stigma was real a few years ago . 
  it still is in many countries , for example ethan from h3h3 went to sweden and tried to interview swedes about situations around immigration and none of them wanted to do that on camera , because they were scared of being labeled intolerant . 
  it was in the podcast with joey salads i believe . 
  ethan is super-pc so i do n't think there is any chance of him making this up . 
  even in my country , the czech republic , the stigma was pretty significant and a few years ago all the politicians who openly spoke against immigration were labeled intolerant and xenophobic . 
  and we are some of the most politically incorrect people in europe . 
  klay is the most beautiful being i 've ever seen and we do n't deserve him . 
  how do you know you still are n't dumb ass ? 
  it 's not like you realized it back then either . . 
  i do n't get why are you getting downvoted . 
  you clearly have a point , why else would they made her look nothing like the model she 's ` based on ' . 
  your comment score < 0, 
  i ca n't tell if you really ca n't tell and are retarded or you 're just elevating the meme on next level . 
  that sounds great but is not quite true . 
  to succeed you need to put aside many things . 
  school included . 
  this means you will likely sacrifice your career as a doctor or engineer at the expense of training and working hard . 
  of course there are talented people who manage both , but even they are sacrificing going to a better college or having great grades . 
  yeah of course what i wrote is n't universal but there can only be so many trainers for rich people . 
  we should ban all reporters and make our own fake news . 
  not necessarily directed towards you , but does anyone know how effective air ionisers are in removing small particles ? 
  i do n't understand how is that legal . 
  maybe he should have let them reveal his identity and sue the shit out of them later . 
  im starting to think that ethan thinks podcast means a long video lol . 
  not that im complaining . 
  it was great . 
  it 's called fuzzy comment score or something like that and it adds or subtracts some points anytime you request the reddit page . 
  meaning on one reload you get +3 and on other -1 , while the true score may be something like 2 upvotes 2 downvotes . 
  the purpose is to prevent bots from recognizing whether they 've been shadowbanned . 
  there are morons literally burning families alive . 
  the things happening now are still awful , luckily the scale is much lower . 
  i hope that i will see end of all the atrocities in my lifetime . 
  i used to brush my teeth super hard about 2 years ago ( i know , so dumb . . ) . 
  my gums are receded and the cementum is bellow the level of the hard part of my tooth . 
  i have this on like 6 teeth . 
  it 's not very sensitive and i have overall very good dental health . 
  the receded gums only trouble me because i 'm young - 22 and i 'm afraid i will have problems later on . 
  what should i do to protect my teeth/gums besides using tooth paste for sensitive teeth and brushing with a soft brush ? 
  is there a way to help gums grow back ? 
  holy shit . 
  be able to punch peebee in the face dlc . 
  make it happen bioware . 
  i understand what rimell is trying to do but they should put everyday women who got their teeth fixed , as everyone should just for the better dental health and comfort , on the posters , not hot model with gap in her teeth . 
  i must say i was deeply disappointed to see you did n't source one of your last comments . 
  that does n't make sense to me . 
  older kids are taller , that means he should tend to bring the ball up to avoid getting blocked , not down . 
  low energy . 
  sad . 
   a photo on twitter shows ivanka trump sitting at her father 's place , between chinese president xi jinping and british prime minister theresa may . 
  one official who was watching the session said she has taken her father 's place at the table on at least two occasions today and did not speak . 
  why are you so full of shit ? 
  the dude was more than enough respectful and you ridicule him ? 
  that 's animal abuse and you are a cunt for having this attitude and ordering it while we 're at it .
