  probably sleep anyway, 
  not czech , we use ` k\u010d ' which mean czech crown . 
  can you even mark slovakia on a map ? 
  you 're either trolling or completely clueless . 
  because missing a friend 's funeral is way worse than going to an extra funeral . 
  powerful reply . 
  i heard the last update was pretty good . 
  who knows , maybe after a few more patches we will get what was promised . 
  i 'm not praising them . 
  just saying this is much better than doing nothing . 
  i can confirm the thumb thing . 
  i was having a sleep paralysis few months back and being aware of what it was . 
  i finally forced myself with great effort to slightly move my foot which woke me up . 
  this sub is shit when it comes to having anything close to a discussion . 
  you presented valid opinion and still get downvoted cause people disagree with you . 
  edit : thanks for helping me prove my point , dear downvoters . 
  have you read his comment though ? 
  no one here has been saying that it should be allowed . 
  as i understand it , he is saying that he has never been punished for it and it has become a habit during the years . 
  without proper motivation it might indeed be hard for him to start controlling his leg movement because it is now written deep in his muscle memory . 
  i do n't agree with that by the way , i 'm just saying it 's not necessary to downvote someone just because you do n't agree with him . 
  that 's just making this sub worse . 
  it 's a different concept than einstein 's relativity without the interesting implications . 
  still pretty cool to demonstrate relativity between different systems in general sense . 
  kinda reminds me of rise of legends just by a quick glance . 
  congratulations on giving birth to new meme, 
  well there is a difference between smashing atoms together with brute force and using sophisticated magnetic field to hold everything in , while maintaining a very fragile stability - that is the biggest problem engineers are trying to solve , not creating fusion but mostly maintaining it . 
  i recommend looking at the goodreads page also , some of the reviews gave me a good laugh . 
  also judging by dunks review of games i did play he is likely exaggerating it a lot . 
  just remember what he made roach from witcher look like . 
  throughout my entire playthrough i probably encountered about as many roach glitches as he stuffed into the 10 or so minutes long video . 
  game should be a form of art , not a rc car imho . 
  that sounds like free training for the one real job before moving to some tropical paradise to spend the milions . 
  who 's a good comrade ? 
  so do we now hate wb or he still good ? 
  everyone loves kyrie . 
  he will make it . 
  kp is still growing . 
  he might be a foot taller but is pretty much the same weight . 
  we are in harmony . 
  if you pull this off just continue training and get your olympic medal in a few years . 
  i believe the idea is that while white people work , invent and do the science jews run banks and basically steal from white people . 
  that is of course bullshit but to counter false ideology with arguments it 's good to first understand it . 
  are you really spending your time on reddit looking for dot comments to copy paste this response you stole ? 
  it 's about as much of a sacrification as drinking champaign during celebration is similar to ritually drinking a cup of blood . 
  how is this getting upvoted ? 
  seriously reddit is pretty retarded sometimes . 
  a ) how is a stupid catholic tradition related to smashing a champagne on a boat ? 
  that 's like saying western morals are christian morals . 
  technically , they may have some common roots but nothing more anymore . 
  b ) they are * symbolically * consuming the body and blood of christ , who had sacrificed himself freely , not some murdered animal . 
  still taking the moral highground . 
  what is the opinion of this in the uk ? 
  are ` normal ' people upset or is it just reddit ? 
  yes and i did that on purpose to point out the ridiculousness . 
  notice the word ` sect ' . 
  the only thing these animals are capable of is murdering defenseless victims . 
  if the soldiers were given a weapon they would probably kill 10 of the isis pathetic , mentally underdeveloped clowns . 
  i 've raged at this many times already . 
  the second there is a software that 's able to run most mainstream games available , i 'm switching to it . 
  it 's a good game but feels kinda stale after a quite short while . 
  still 100 % worth the money though . 
  or just find a mass relay, 
  that is an arm of person who is yet to get laid . 
  -9 at best, 
  noo , matchmaking is when i do the studying while procrastinating with games . 
  --  yes --  me, 
  two things you need to know about czech education system are, 
  \u25aa public schools are always superior to any private schools as you said . 
  the logic is simple - most public schools offer good enough education , why would anyone pay for private education except for people who need to pull their bellow average child through school . 
  ( thus the extreme tolerance at the school you were a teacher at ), 
  \u25aa when it comes to high schools , generaly the school you want your kid to attend is gymnazium . 
  i do n't know about many specialized high schools that offer adequate level of education even in their particular field compared to general education you get in gymnazium . 
  overall i believe our education system is very good by any standards , definitely not bad at the very least . 
  another good thing is to take your time selecting a school that will fit your child . 
  the variety of high schools in bigger cities is ranging from mediocre ones to elite schools that regularly have students ranking high in international competitions in science . 
  i believe the public schools are heritage of communism . 
  it 's sad that the trend seems to be slowly turning around here as well since teachers , especially the good ones , are underpaid . 
  how to score 30k karma on r/nba . 
  step one : do n't even check title for typos . 
  he said that he was totally exhausted just from the hard training to czech press . 
  maybe he just ca n't compete at the physical level , that 's my guess . 
  this is n't a problem of gender or `` fragile masculinity '' but one of a correct use of the language . 
  since it is customary , especially for a man , to use `` he '' as a pronoun it confused people . 
  i asked my female friend and she was confused by that as well . 
  maybe you should find a hobby or something , you seem to have a bit too much free time . 
  this racial bias in the us is unreal . 
  just imagine the shitstorm if it was white people torturing someone black . 
  damn , giannis makes the dunk attempts that got javale to shaqtin . 
  damn , this is the quality discussion i was looking for when i opened reddit . 
  keep it coming guys . 
  the highest quality . 
  at least they would n't think he 's a ninja . 
  right guys , that 's so fucking gay . 
  he earned it tho . 
  this . 
  i keep telling mom to just take a work off and stay home and watch movies . 
  nope . 
  ever . 
  do n't remind op of his divorce .
