  maybe she even learned a valuable lesson . 
  waste of time to watch it btw , literally 20 minutes of her saying sorry , i was wrong . 
  nice meme but 1976 photo would n't have to be colourized . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  explain please . 
  i prefer my memes alternative facts-free . 
  oh man , this dude is embodyment of narcissism . 
  i think the problem is that the words theory and theoretically are similar but have very different meaning . 
  i would be lying if i said i was n't in my late teens when i realized that these words are quite different . 
  i wish i could do this so bad but i am ` only ' 6 ' 3-4 haha, 
  how dare you ask a question on reddit ? 
  downvoted, 
  i bet tana is now on this sub as well . 
  he has made her a fan . 
  all ians are beautiful . 
  i understand and somewhat agree with the general idea but i feel like this was n't thought through properly . 
  driving this industry underground will do the exact opposite of protecting the women . 
  his tl ; dr is tl ; dr for me . 
  you kinda suck tbh . 
  please do n't give this guy views . 
  this is how i imagine jar jar binks spells . 
  yo is this person fucking retarded ? 
   `` while it may be the only such organization devoted to human rights , the human rights council requires considerable reform in order for us to continue to participate , '' tillerson wrote in a letter to nine u.n. advocates and human rights groups obtained by foreign policy . 
  according to foreign policy , tillerson said that the united states `` continues to evaluate '' the council 's effectiveness , but is skeptical of the human rights records of other member states , including saudi arabia , china and egypt . 
  per foreign policy , tillerson said that the united states will continue to participate in the council 's current session in order to `` reiterate our strong principled objection to the human rights council 's biased agenda against israel . '', 
  can we ( or the mods ) start doing something about these fake news and exaggerated or completely misleading titles . 
  r/worldnews is in its current state an unreliable garbage . 
  a possible solution might be to allow only certain news websites and/or add a filter that will filter out all of the other sources . 
  i would n't really mind it if her fans were adults . 
  she is influencing kids / young teenagers watching her in a very bad way . 
  idk into what depth are you familiar with ai programming but i am pretty sure it 's more work than if ( enemiesneareachother  4 ) cast ability x ; you are making it seem to be . 
  i wonder if the american idiots who voted trump are feeling stupid yet . 
  i just do n't understand how people who were probably paid very well for this failed to notice and fix this issue . 
  it 's not even like they would have been the first ones to implement it . 
  a friend did this in middle school with some of his buddies . 
  i believe they all felt sick because of the grease left in the bucket . 
  thank you for an excellent response !, 
  no , the proportions do n't matter . 
  this is actually perfect for what i need . 
  thank you . 
  this . 
  plus there is a big chance i will go study abroad before getting a new device if i choose to get a pc now . 
  another reason is that i want to give mom my older notebook , hers is old and slow . 
  i also use computer for projects we do in school which often use cad so i could use the performance upgrade there as well , it 's necessary to bring the notebook in the school a few times a week . 
  plenty of reasons actually . 
  first time i 'm seeing this and i lol 'd so i do n't really care if it 's a repost . 
  i agree . 
  they are stars and would probably find a way to shine without bron . 
  his point applies to the rest of the team though . 
  people who study regularly during the semester and people trying to catch up the night before the test ? 
  jesus christ , some of the responses made me realize how fucking cringy this sub is . 
  and people ask why does n't idubbbz ever acknowledge us . 
  seriously who upvotes these tips . . 
  the kids could have been murdered too or in the ` better ' case scarred for life after witnessing their mother being murdered . 
  so it 's a win in a loss , at least some lives were saved , although they will still mourn their mom . 
  w-w-w-well , if you call us nazis , we will call you noodleface !!, 
  from mildly underweight to unhealthy and overweight . 
  look up pictures of what a healthy dog physique looks like if you want the best for him . 
  it 's still awesome that he has a loving home and owner/s that are proud of him . 
  the one on the left appears to be gain and the one of the right is mux , in case anyone is interested in these . 
  i 'm still quite desperate to find out more about the w box though . 
  it appears to be some sort of data conversion from ` torque ' to scope 's data type . 
  i was n't able to find it anywhere sadly . 
  it 's funny how penguins are more intelligent than most human parents in certain aspect . 
  if it were humans , the second dad would defend the little shit . 
  can someone explain to me why is lonzo 's dad going to be on the show ? 
  i mean like , people should be more interested in the future superstar and not the 2ppg shittalker . 
  thanks , you helped me out a lot !, 
  no , he was just playing with the obvious idea that we would n't fully comprehend what we would see , which is true in a way but we would still most likely perceive darkness or a see perfect reflection of all the light and radiation hitting the barrier . 
  it is impossible for anything to just go out of boundaries of universe by definition . 
  overall it was just a half-assed answer in an atempt to get some free karma i guess . 
  does n't really contain anything the top answers do n't . 
  that 's the premise the question itself breaks because that 's the reason why a boundary of space is n't anything , thus does n't have properties . 
  in order to answer , even if it 's just a sci-fi , we need to assume the boundary is reachable and then we can guess what form might it have . 
  athlean-x has a video where he explains that good mornings are pretty dangerous exercise and can fuck up you back . 
  pretty different from deadlifts . 
  although it probably does n't matter if they are lifting just some light dumbells . 
  edit : lmao , so two guys who have videos of them doing deadlifts with round back on their profiles and another one who is 5 ' 6 and does n't ever have to worry about back problems + crossfit smartass arrogantly dismiss my reference to a video with actual points that make sense without saying why . 
  mkay . 
  anyway , i 'm not big fan of athlean-x but i 'm not going to call anything he says bullshit if he provides structured arguments that make sense cause i 'm not a fucking retard . 
  i mean , the game itself is n't that bad . 
  some people like it , it 's just that it 's nowhere near what it was promised to be , so the blame falls on the way it was marketed/published again . 
  yeah but the parts for which he is considered a villain were the ones where he acted as pr . 
  some of the planets are cool . 
  i enjoyed it for like 2 hours tops but i can easily see someone spending 30hours on it before it gets dull and an hour or two here and there after that . 
  that 's good value for some people imo . 
  i love that song , too bad i already got it in my playlist haha, 
  eyebrows on fleek . 
  sorry i only have a few and i 'm super busy this week , did n't even get to listen to most of the songs here and i mostly have the songs only in my phone and mp3 player , definitely not in an organized playlist somewhere . 
  :( i will make a playlist when i have some time . 
  the post-dlc ending is n't really bad though . 
  i feel like most of thr hate it 's still getting is from circlejerkers . 
  i personally find the ending in its current form alright . 
  and so do my friends who have played me . 
  mensa is a joke really , at least in my country . 
  full of arrogant braggers plus you have to pay a membership fee and i 'm not aware of any benefits it provides that would be worth it . 
  did the test to find out my iq , met people who wanted to join a did some research . 
  alright , replace the full with there are quite a few ... my main point is still valid . 
  i was clearly giving my opinion . 
  i was n't trying to start a discussion .
