  he still is n't over it . 
  so far it seems more like slovaks are trying to conquer czechia , judging by the number of slovak students in prague . 
  ( not that i mind , we are pretty much the same nation ), 
  imagine how disturbing this must be for the strawberries . 
  nightmare stuff . 
  the biggest fu was not going to a doctor with heavy burns . 
  burns are no joke . 
  might have ended up with some serious issues . 
  as i get older i find it harder to create my own entertainment in my head . 
  i remember being able to fantasise huge scifi battles in my head just by looking out of window . 
  i can still do that but my imagination and creativity went down rapidly . 
  no that 's the cat . 
  bone infection ? 
  that sounds like my newest nightmare . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's a good point , i did n't realize that . 
  thanks !, 
  from my experience it does n't work on 99 % of webpages . 
  only the ones with obsolete login/antiadblock technology . 
  i never realized i needed to know this until i read your question . 
  i could probably get like $ 2m for that on ebay , assuming someone buys it ofc . 
  levastating, 
  someone who is n't as lazy as i am needs to turn the first frame into a meme , it 's just priceless . 
  i do n't want this to sound offensive but some people do n't get stinky overnight . 
  i usually shower after i come back from gym in the evening and i never sweat during the night . 
  edit : can any native speaker help me decide which preposition to put before ` night ' ? 
  over the night ? 
  during the night ? 
  edit2 : thanks guys, 
  he is a victim of media-initiated witchhunt . 
  his quite hateable face does n't help him either and it 's really sad to see that most people do n't have the sensibility to get themselves informed better to help them realize he might just not be the most despicable person to ever live . 
  that was just heartwarming . 
  you 're probably missing out on some insane new stuff from 2117 . 
  to me he looks like he could have a philosophical discussion with d rose . 
  i thought this was pretty good summary of how to get karma on this sub . 
  you just need to be a bit more subtle next time i guess . 
  i did the math and it appears he would get exactly 4 * 7 rebounds . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i think most people do n't care as long as it fits their own agendas , which is quite disturbing . 
  and i thought we really fucked up when we elected milos zeman as our president in czechia . 
  i am not saying they do n't . 
  i just said the numbers posted here were exaggerated and refered to qs rating which is probably the best known and widely used one . 
  to say 50 out of top 100 are us universities is just false . 
  i am also the only person who provided a source for my information , although i did n't link the website , since anyone interested and knowledgeable enough to lead this discussion knows it . 
  i believe that was the point , to point out the absurdity or ( re ) reading this stuff you do n't even care about . 
  i 'm always wondering whether they realize that the human came there to help them get unstuck or do they just think that he tried to eat them or something and they got unstuck in the process . 
  i think it should be noted that many americans wanted him * over clinton * . 
  still a terrible choice but slightly more understandable . 
  if you liked the movie you better take a week off because you wo n't be able to put the books down !, 
  i never understand why some people do n't consider ian attractive . 
  he is a geek but if you look at his features he could be a model . 
  all he needs is a haircut matching his face and to hit a gym 2 times a week . 
  does n't mean shit in regular season . 
  i honestly ca n't tell whether that 's a joke or not anymore . 
  if someone told me that green card holders were going to be stopped from entering usa i would laugh as well . 
  really ? 
  i mean , they are not bad but content cop is a gem in my opinion . 
  i totally agree . 
  it 's fun though and she definitely asked for this . 
  as a czech guy , i am going to keep an eye on our sudetenland . ^ haha, 
  can you elaborate on this please ? 
  proof can be used as a verb ? 
  to proof something ( ... ) ? 
  idk . 
  i 'm 22 and me and my friends like most of his content . 
  i wonder how grumpy old man you have to be to consider his content to only be enjoyable by 14 year olds . 
  ah , alright . 
  fair enough . 
  fuck you , whale !, 
  fellow 6 ' 4 here . 
  i think we categorize a bit differently when it comes to lifting certain % of your own body weight than general population . 
  even more so when it comes to exercises where long arms are a disadvantage . 
  the circlejerk is too much but this is an overreaction on its own . 
  it 's not like this sub will have anything better to offer until next video . 
  people from r/all are overreaction too . 
  it literally takes 2 seconds to filter out this sub and never see any post that comes from here again . 
  if some of the fans like it , let them upvote a few posts , it 's not like google does n't filter these out anyway . 
  can someone ban this guy ? 
  this is apparently the only thing he does on this sub . 
  i wonder how much collective time did he already waste . 
  thanks sherlock , i think everyone got it from the post . 
  the guy above was just explaining what the leviathans thought . 
  am i the only one who finds the act of beheading a fluffy toy absolutely hilarious ? 
  188 cm in normal units , that 's like 6 ' 2, 
  this seems to be pretty common . 
  my step mom had a similar experience , only she did n't hold the baby and grabbed a knife and sprinted to the room to defend my little brother . 
  thanks . 
  you are a rat , op . 
  all dogs are awesome . 
  or a suit in a gorilla dog . 
  scooby should have been junkrat . 
  matches junk mains ' personality more . 
  damn handsome guy lookin ' ass . 
  people are 100 % on his side . 
  he actually gained subscribers at a higher rate during the drama or whatever you call it . 
  wsj badly overrated their position in this . 
  can someone find original of the exact photo ? 
  i do n't have time now but i will try later . 
  she handled this the best way she possibly could have . 
  i even undisliked .
