  if anything , this got more people interested . 
  it 's not like they can prevent them from leaking it for a longer period of time anyway . 
  we need to start the ritual to summon the tl ; dr bot . 
  to be fair , what were they supposed to do ? 
  get stuck in a traffic during the coup ? 
  why is n't there a law that would make it mandatory for large farms to have cameras to show the state of animals ? 
  i think this would prevent at least some of the serious animal abuse and help majority of population turn from large factories to smaller local farmers , which would definitely be a good thing . 
  so you just get stuck in the traffic ? 
  that 's a pretty weird pikachu . 
  imagine if a russian did that . 
  the eu heroes would embargo and sanction them to death . 
  but sa ? 
  money talks . 
  kevin love is undefeated when not committing a fould at home, 
  ripped 6 ' 3 nba athletes weight 80s . 
  it all comes down to your overall body structure . 
  hello redditors . 
  me and my friends are currently on a summer school , studying android development . 
  it 's a 3 week course and we have to pick a final project which we will do mostly in the 3rd week ( in a team of 3 ppl ) . 
  could you please suggest some fun , interesting projects , preferably with some challenges and obstacles to overcome ? 
  that sounds pretty good !, 
  these sound so cool but i ca n't imagine the reality being similar . 
  life is n't a movie, 
  stand among the ashes of a trillion dead souls and ask the ghosts if honor matters . 
  the silence is your answer . 
  the symbol is something we really need on reddit . 
  too bad some people ca n't see it on their computers . 
  why is this sort of `` news '' still being upvoted ? 
  i do n't know man , isis is pretty gay . 
  it is ridiculous when bellow average guys criticise dating apps for not getting matches . 
  grow up and accept the fact that you are n't good looking enough ( which is not something to be particularly ashamed for since women are way too picky online ) instead of blaming the app/site like a kiddo . 
  i would love to have this . 
  such a cool decoration . 
  why ? 
  if an average looking guy sent out 100 + messages he would likely get at least a few messages . 
  7 maybe 8 for me, 
  statistically he is right . 
  lower iq people tend to be less intelligent overall and less intelligent people are more likely to commit crimes . 
  i do n't understand why do you feel the need to imply that he has a low iq . 
  maybe when the oil runs out ? 
  you must also consider the immense amount of money it costs to develop and test a new drug . 
  when a company develops a drug it has only a few years to make enough money to pay for the research and make some profit . 
  feeder . 
  at least it does n't involve raping children . 
  i think we need to be satisfied with the little things when it comes to religion . 
  that 's great !, 
  i know some basic programming but my skills have been stagnating since it 's not my major . 
  this might be exactly what i 'm looking for . 
  i 'm not a nazi , but i just do n't understand why someone should be forced not to extend their right arm in the air and shout some german words . 
  do we not have body ( and voice ) autonomy ? 
  same logic . 
  dear lord , i rarely comment to praise since you wo n't probably see this but it looks absolutely gorgeous . 
  i would love to have something similar in my room one day . 
  `` gg easy '', 
  so the guy is ( maybe ) spending his time posting pictures on instagram while you spend definitely more of your time playing world of warcraft . 
  i do n't think you have any right to criticize him . 
  he fled his country to be able to spread his messages because he is a leader and many people look up to him . 
  he would n't be able to do that in china occupied country . 
  we already kind of posses the technology to launch objects into space . 
  not much so to transport complex living beings . 
  they should make him dig his own grave too . 
  creatures like this should n't be able to die with dignity . 
  the game is yet to be optimised and i 'm sure performance mods will come soon after release . 
  no , he explained , to quote him , '' now as for why polls shows such strong support ? '' . 
  you should probably look up the meaning of word '' hypocrite '' . 
  not all , only the hungry pigs, 
  if i 'm ever going to build a fallout shelter , it will be made of golf balls . 
  a tl ; dr version would have saved you a few downvotes, 
  i think the most important aspect is that he does the same things over and over again . 
  i am literally picturing leafy making his videos like him sitting on a chair and pushing buttons with the 15 phrases he uses . 
  it just gets old after a few weeks for anyone who watches him and has a functional brain . 
  if i had to multiplayer my dreams with league of legends community , i would probably kill myself . 
  the question is 100 % legit from the physical point of view do joke 's on you . 
  that 's something completely different . 
  does the mech exist irl ? 
  reddit loves simon st\u00e5lenhag 's work it seems . 
  reddit has a great taste . 
  many people view him as a very smart person , which makes them eager to hear his opinion on many things . 
  i 'd say this is principally similar to the questions einstein got , although he was obviously a level above pop and was an expert in a different field . 
  i think his point was that there is no way we can approximate the ppg with 2 point difference as most of us can hope to guess the actual number + -2 ppg at best . 
  ( i have no knowledge of economics whatsoever ), 
  would n't the eu countries be able to import/export what they previously did to uk between each other , further softening the blow ? 
  this sounds like the politically correct bullshit we are seeing way too much lately . 
  do n't forget we 're living in a real world . 
  alternatively bitch about you having to do that every time for 30 minutes . 
  i think that 's just the trevor moustache and style overall . 
  is it just me or are the shoes ugly ? 
  might be just a bad picture because of the background though . 
  i 'm curious , what exactly did you do ? 
  lpt : if you really wan na be original , think of something interesting , not just another generic phrase which also does n't make any sense since you know the perso for about 5 seconds . 
  i love his shooting form . 
  videogamedunkey , is that you ? 
  i 'm going to use this as a lockscreen background . 
  hope you do n't mind !, 
  yeah , there is a leakage in / r/leagueoflegends again . 
  they already sent someone to fix it . 
  just like running . 
  once your body gets used to it , it becomes a drug . 
  just trust the process, 
  i guess you can kinda see it that way when you are used to watching curry hit godlike deep 3s .
