  * our phones are 50times more powerful :d, 
  debrolie wavelength is something different though . 
  it only says that certain attributes of our world are not discrete , which becomes noticeable at atomic level . 
  as far as the theory goes , it does not draw any connection between mass and energy and ` some ' vibrations . 
  that 's string theory , which goes deeper than wave-corpuscle duality . 
  i do n't understand why you , after going through like 2 wikipedia articles , go around spreading missinformation . 
  the common base of matter and energy definitely is subatomic . 
  this is not about interpretation , if you are familiar with atomic level physics , you know there is nothing to base such assumption on . 
  so did he make it ? 
  the video cuts off in the most thrilling moment . 
  engineers often design items to last the shortest time over the guaranteed lifetime possible . 
  we even had part of the first lecture dedicated to this in materials class . 
  that 's just completely wrong assumption . 
  democracy only works when you have highly intelligent , extremely well educated , not too diverse people like in switzerland . 
  this happened thanks to several historic and geographic factors . 
  but in pretty much all the other countries you ca n't expect majority to be reasonable . 
  for example look at opinion polls of americans on certain topics . 
  would n't be selfish to say that 's mostly an opinion of average retarded , uneducated fatass . 
  burning people largely as a result of imbalance us brought into the region . 
  just to be more specific . 
  asks a question , gets 20 downvotes . 
  kinda shows the kind of person average redditor is , even though you could have left the wtf out . 
  when you finally faced leviathans in the dlc . 
  it brought so much clarity into what the reapers are + it was very well done in terms of directing the cutscenes . 
  i would argue about having no political power . 
  millions of people all over the world greatly value him and his ideas . 
  currently reading the third ( almost finished ) what did n't you like about it ? 
  i thought that it [ offered good insight on the process of indoctrination . 
  ] ( / spoiler ) i personally found it very interesting !, 
  he is repetitive af . 
  but if you mention it the part of community with under 100 iq will insult and downvote the shit out of you . 
  and that 's a shame . 
  leafy has potential but if he can make literally the same jokes and huge part of community does n't care he wo n't improve and will get boring for the ones who have a functioning brain . 
  sure , because the purpose of eu is to accommodate bunch of 3rd world islamic scum and a tiny minority of genuine refugees among them . 
  they did n't sign up to this and the quotas should have been discussed with all the member nations . 
  merker and others should realize that they are not in charge of eu . 
  the whole series was just great basketball . 
  with the final game being so close and kyrie hitting that godlike shot . 
  something to remember . 
  at least the guy is not fucking short . 
  edit : hahaha til many redditors are small men with the need to downvote anything related to that . 
  it 's ok to laugh at a guy too tall to fit in a small sports car but my comment deserves downvotes ? 
  grow up . 
  his wife is gorgeous tho, 
  not everyone has the physical endurance to do that . 
  i think he and the coaching staff knows where his limits are . 
  i did n't watch that many rockets games to know . 
  so the question is if it is just the lowlights or does he play like that on daily basis ? 
  still worth , you get to yell some racist slurs at random poles who have done nothing wrong to you . 
  a wet dream for useless moron without proper education . 
  the circlejerk about the ending is getting old . 
  i feel like most of the haters lack the brain capacity to deal with the fact that the `` leader '' of reapers chose a kid as it 's avatar . 
  the ending was not great for other reasons but the idea of cycles being a solution to chaos caused by organics is decent . 
  i will never understand why people love meals like this . 
  for me it 's an equivalent of eating sugar . 
  tastes good but the guilt would totally spoil the meal for me . 
  i would n't feel safe pretty much anywhere in the muslim world to be honest . 
  i would n't consider this a proof . 
  not saying it 's fake but it could be fake just as it could be real . 
  also , no babies , just ` normal ' 3rd world stuff , people smashing each other 's heads , not even some gruesome torture . 
  skyrim is much older ... 
  you are wrong in putting ` equals ' between catholic and christian in the sense of entire religion . 
  devout * catholic * ? 
  devout * christian * , do n't see much problem in this alone . 
  we have seen conflicts between different branches of christianity . 
  i , along with many people , consider protestantism to be closer to what i believe the christianity is in its pure form . 
  edit : just to make sure - i am not advocating isis or saying they follow islam , just putting your comment into correct perspective . 
  reformation was nothing like isis . . 
  i am not trying to throw dirt at islam but this comparison is ridiculous . 
  when you explore the immense world of skyrim , do you have a feeling that it was done by lazy people ? 
  not to mention that the expanded , populated cities could be done by an individual , modding community is a great example of that . 
  might have been a designers decision to have most people in cities serve a purpose or it was needed because of hardware limitation at that time . 
  either way i doubt that it was just laziness . 
  as much as i disagree with brexit , i think people here are overreacting . 
  of course this was to be expected , even the lower class people many redditors look down upon quite likely expected short term problems . 
  the question is if the recession stops once things settle down and the situation gets back to normal/gets better in the future . 
  i , and vast majority of reddit , ca n't predict that . 
  edit : of course , i dared to compare reddit masterrace with dirty plebs lower class , downvotes incoming . 
  probably was at the time he wrote the comment . 
  i do n't see a reason why his comment has -10 . 
  i love how this comment has more upvotes than the post . 
  have you found it yet ? 
  i 'm looking for it but ca n't find anywhere , googling lyrics did n't work either , shazam did n't find anything . . 
  does n't work for this song :( if it worked for you please share, 
  just a small loan of a million dollars, 
  yeah i think they should have used some algorithm to generate the locations , maybe polish it with help of volunteers . 
  using data from ingress does n't work too well since pokemon should be largely about exploration ( in my opinion ) while ingress was mostly about keeping/capturing while going about your daily stuff . 
  and the mobs cheering him on . 
  disturbing . 
  the so called nazis are generally just concerned citizens , maybe ignorant but they are very far from the true meaning of the word nazi . 
  i breathed out slightly faster than usual . 
  are you sure erdogan is really the whole problem ? 
  the mobs supporting him in the street seemed to be part of the problem as well . 
  one of my life goals is to stretch the 2 . to at least 50 + . 
  maybe so if you scale the problem to either no problem or ww3 . 
  islamic turkey ~ ~ might ~ ~ will be a breeding ground for extremists , who will have easier way to europe from there . 
  you will always get downvotes for such comment . 
  most americans are so disconnected from what police should be like , what it is in the europe that they do n't understand that even when being attacked shooting to kill is not an answer . 
  that 's why they have so many unnecessary shootings . 
  why ?
