  the third generation of this sentence is already pretty good.it seems reddit hive mind quickly converges to optimal solution . 
  well , at least in some cases . . 
  that 's a good analogy to science vs. engineering as well . 
  i would n't recommend running to a overweight person . 
  you only damage your joints once . 
  young people are generally the most anti-russian group . 
  i am so excited for simmons . 
  he is a great inspiration of how hard work can eventually lead to success and his highlights are fun to watch . 
  that 's why he has an amazing vertical with that leg strength . . 
  modern art gallery . 
  name : explosion of regret . 
  pricetag : 1 ' 000 ' 000 $, 
  but op said you have to beat god , not win . 
  be like steve . 
  lsd church ? 
  that sounds way better than our local church . 
  boys have swag , men have honor . 
  so we are pretty much creating a mosquito zombie-mutant apocalypse ? 
  i think the legacy is so strong that even when pop leaves us , the spurs dynasty will go on . 
  i can imagine timmy being a great coach if he wants to . 
  yeah , i was missing a comma . 
  thanks . 
  his decision making when under pressure is the thing we should be concerned about . 
  but if anyone can help him overcome that , it 's pop . 
  . . but gold ? 
  there were literally 5 people guarding him . 
  haha, 
  some say spurs brought wilt chamberlain from grave and kawhi has been practicing with him . 
  you are assuming the distribution of skill in the population is linear , which it definitely is not . 
  i do n't think 801st best player 's skill would be so different from , for example , 400th . 
  it would n't be a half for sure . 
  how did satoransky play ? 
  in what sense would be killing radical muslims extreme ? 
  if someone had the chance to get our world rid of this kind of people and would * not * press it , i would consider * that * person an extremist . 
  not this, 
  you could found a redditor bar and this would be the sign . 
  are n't we all 60-100kg talking bags of red paint ? 
    sure it does , kyle . 
   sure it does , richard . 
  sure it does , michael . 
  do n't tell reddit what to do !, 
  klay is a walking meme lmao, 
  the problem is usa is acting like american police , the world would prefer it to act as european police . 
  the ` huge ' difference is about 1 % of gdp . 
  the healthcare and education is n't europeans ' fault , that 's just your fucked up social system . 
  that was n't fault of police but of politics . 
  there should have been more actions taken and not that many refugees allowed in the first place but european police is handling their job very well . 
  6 ' 3 - 6-4 and i can use a normal bike . 
  if i were a bit taller it would likely get problematic . 
  this guy playing like he has ice in his veins or something, 
  last time i saw a guy make this comment without linking a previous one he got like -20 . 
  the ways of reddit are mysterious indeed . 
  sorry but that is a shitty advice . 
  it is unhealthy and reduces your performance during the day . 
  edit : as some people mentioned , 6 hours does n't have to be unhealthy for an ( inactive ) adult but this reason to sleep 6 hours definitely does seem unhealthy . 
  right !, 
  i love that app . 
  just a minor correction - it 's sleep * as * android , in case someone wants to find it in google play . 
  he is probably suffering from ptsd after that idubbz ' roast lmao, 
  that looks like something you 'd find on an alien ship . 
  and not the good alien kind , the gross slimy one . 
  depends , i personally find that interesting but i know people who would probably get a heart attack if they encountered this irl . 
  so let 's just say both reasons are good . 
  really ? 
  i am 6 ' 4 and never had this problem living in the czech republic and traveling around europe . 
  i have to slightly bend my head when walking in trams and subway ( the holding bars are a bit low ) and that 's about it i think . 
  thank you very much for an excellent response !, 
  i use everyday by buddy holly . 
  ca n't hate that song and it 's nice to wake up to . 
  is it just me or is this guy just a little nuts ? 
  that was just a stupid call . 
  frustrating to watch . 
  i think jamal knows his dark secret . 
  like he sucks basketball abilities from newborns . 
  how else do you think is he able to improve so much every summer ? 
  maybe * you * should play in the nba . 
  or just ever play a basketball game , you would understand . 
  i highly doubt that 's the case . 
  you need laser to just demonstrate this . 
  it 's just light diffraction on a piece of glass or something similar . 
  i do n't agree with you but i think people downvoting a comment that is meant to start a discussion/get explanation of something are assholes and are making this sub worse . 
  you have nice eye color and i envy you the shape of your eyebrows !, 
  you look like an interesting person i would n't mind talking to you at all !, 
  also you have really cute mouth and nice eye color . 
  you are radiating charisma !, 
  looking like a really cool guy . 
  you have that thing about you that just makes me wan na befriend you haha, 
  i just installed a mod that slows tech progress down . 
  so far just about 70 turns in but i 'm excited to enjoy every era more than before . 
  you are by no definition ugly !, 
  why would you even think that . 
  chin up girl , no need to feel insecure about youself at all . 
  you 're an attractive dude who made it to grad school !, 
  just this alone puts you among the lucky people . 
  there would be long line of people willing to switch places with you . 
  chin up !, 
  sorry i was on mobile and did n't have the link and after that i managed to totally forget about this . 
  i see you already found it anyway . 
  good for you buddy , good for you . 
  khajiit has coins if you have ride .
