  since you will be adding 2.5 % to already increased price , you will get more . 
  now divide the year into 3 , 4 , 6 , 10 , 1000000 . . parts in a similar way , always getting a little more because you increase your funds a bit along the way . 
  when you eventually ` chop ' the year into infinite parts , the cashflow can be described by the exponential function . 
  now you can apply this to , say , a colony of bacteria . 
  to simplify we can assume that the rate of growth of bacteria is only proportional to the number of bacteria . 
  since the growth is proportional to their numbers in every given moment , similarly to the bank model , you can again use the exponential function to describe number of bacteria in certain period of time . 
  most things in nature have similar dependency and therefore are described by the exponential function . 
  many people said d/dx ( e ^ x ) = e ^ x is the reason , i think it 's more likely another consequence of the meaning of exponential function , although the mathematically correct derivation has this property as one of premises for the function . 
  i think springy is overcomplicating his explanation . 
  miluji is formal and miluju is informal but can be used in most formal settings as well . 
  czechs do n't really care about the version of language you 're using and both are correct in most settings ( meaning it would probably sound weird if you were a news reporter but no one will mind in a job interview ) , especially when coming from a foreigner , so you do n't have to worry about using the correct one too much ( it will come with time if you stay here  ) , just make sure you have at least some idea of how the informal versions are constructed as not to get confused by them . 
  there definitely are not two different languages . 
  informal czech is pretty much the formal version with informal versions of words and incorrect sentence order sounding alright . 
  can confirm , no one cares about your sexuality . 
  just be yourself . 
  again you utterly missed the point . 
  my guess would be iran . 
  i do n't get why do you even stain this subreddit , where many foreigners come to ask questions or learn about our country , with this crap . 
  just let the fact that you listed a comment thread of novinky.cz , which is notorious for being the homepage of intellectual bottom 10 % , as your argument sink in . 
  you 're just a seventeen years old * boy * . 
  stop bitching and go study so you do n't end up like one of the novinky commentators . 
  is tes iv even in development yet ? 
  not too good actually . 
  i 've put on quite a lot of weight ( 85 \u2192 100kg at 194cm ) and a few weeks after finals period , during which i had just a little exercise , i sprained my ankle and could n't run for over a month . 
  i will continue to monitor my heart rate and definitely will visit a doctor if this continues . 
  yeah that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  what a shitty comment . 
  in the least relatable or amusing way possible . 
  a short selection of / u/xearoii 's posts, 
   that 's amazing, 
   google it ... 
   hahahaha, 
  thank you for brightening reddit with your illuminating presence . 
  the other giraffe casting the giant round shadow must feel pretty fat . 
  if kevin did n't make it to nba he would have a great career as a model . 
  some people are just lucky . 
  i think you can easily pick castille , get strong allies and play and enjoy the game after watching ~ 1 hour of gameplay on youtube . 
  it does n't take much to not lose as one of the major powers . . as long as you do n't attack france lol . 
  you will gradually learn new things as you explore the menus and watch let 's plays online . 
  this guy lifts . 
  that 's only because they did n't play my homie sato much . 
  now, 
  it 's in the comment bellow yours . 
  what 's with all the 5 ' 5 dudes talking about 6 ' 6 dudes being skinny at 19 lmao . . 
  he 's young and is just about to develop muscles . 
  it 's not easy for many tall guys , especially when playing professional sport . 
  that burns a lot calories . 
  well you must understand the pain of playing in a pro league and trying to put on a lot of weight at 19 , no ? 
  why do you think i 'm hurt ? 
  are n't we all arguing here about pointless shit lol . 
  i just find it weird that everyone is kinda circlejerking skinny young players . 
  i know this will sound clich\u00e9 , but as a european i feel it 's largely an american thing . 
  the commercialization of everything is unreal and i can only see it getting worse . 
  it sometimes reminds me of the futuristic cyberpunk/dystopia artwork , where a guy is sitting in front of a giant screen and watching a tiny video with giant ads covering rest of the screen . 
  i admire you guys for putting up with this kind of people . 
  i would lose my job after first rude costumer . . 
  i guess when you are used to saudis being your allies , you can ignore people you 're supporting using white phosphorus . 
  you may want to check out kingdom come : deliverance then . 
  a trailer just came out and it 's looking epic . 
  that 's opinion of a thirteen year old . 
  religion is important for many people , mom has a friend whose child died and religion keeps these people going . 
  it should have no influence over law obviously . 
  if you actually possessed a bit of intelligence you would understand that it is a part of human culture and it helps many people deal with hardships of life . 
  the thing that has no place in civilized society is ridiculing others ' beliefs because you are ignorant , * thick headed twat * . 
  before you get into it , i am atheist/agnostic and so are my friends and family . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's not my belief . 
  i wrote an example of a very real person who literally started going to church to comply with loss of loved one and whom it helped to believe that the child is looking at them from above and did n't just disappear into nothingness . 
  not everyone is strong enough to deal with everything . 
  i do n't even understand what your comment has to do with my point to be honest . 
  that 's like saying einstein was able to figure out special relativity , so everyone should be able to untangle the hidden laws of physics . 
  so am i , the devs put a lot of work into it and really created something new , be it the adaptive ai , new combat system , clothing layers or just the sheer amount of focus on realism . 
  they definitely could have chosen easier path in many aspects . 
  i 'm sure the story will be great . 
  we will find out if the gameplay will match it , but either way we can expect something original and interesting , considering the amount of inovation in the game . 
  which is the 4th ? 
  spurs arguably are third when healthy . 
  dude how many presentations did you give tho ? 
  i once had to do this in a lecture room and i was totally braindead . 
  your brain does n't work like it should when talking in front of a lot of people . 
  now add that the teleprompter went out = unexpected problem , and you have most , if not all , people with no prior experience fucked . 
  how do i door ? 
  ho do i dor ? 
  ho do dor ? 
  hodor ? 
  america still produces enormous amount of co2 and china wo n't ever surpass its share of co2 in atmosphere . 
  edit : two interesting observations . 
  one could find out the timezone of usa by writing down when this comment went from +5 to -5, 
  second one is that americans are unbelievable with the downvoting . 
  this is undeniable truth and you definitely owe the rest of the world at least some effort in reducing emissions just like a few hundred million more europeans with same total historical emissions do . 
  steven adams is that you ? 
  hodor hodor . 
  hodor ? 
  i 'm not sure about the mounted combat , afaik it wo n't be implemented because they spent too much time on ai horse and could n't start developing proper mounted combat in time . 
  dog companion wo n't make it either . 
  dan vavra said in one of the update videos that it was between having dumb companion and none and so he chose none . 
  i 'm disappointed by this as well . 
  from what i 've heard the remaining time is mostly for endless polishing and it 's too late to add new things . 
  you 're being downvoted but i think you have a point .
