  yes i am really happy that germans stole all the wealth from their numerous colonies . 
  every time an american comments on historical or geographically distant issues , the shittiness of your public education system becomes palpable . 
  i just realized . . what would we do if spain did n't become a superpower during colonialism , which it of course stayed till now , because that 's how economy in long term works . 
  and as for the last paragraph . 
  please do realize that american success was largely fueled by the influx of european intellectuals before and after ww2 . 
  i run like 6:30 , 7:00 , 7:20 my first 3 miles of a ~ 10 mile run when i 'm in a decent shape . 
  having 7:30 mile as a good time is pretty bad tbh . 
  so the motivation is that if you are exceptional you can do stuff others have tried to solved for years in two weeks while attending school ? 
  harambe is a meme for most people but he was an actual living intelligent being that got shot just because some stupid bitch could n't take proper care of her kid . 
  just for the record , i closed the video before it could give you a view , fucking moron . 
  i just wish us eventually moves to the european model . 
  heathcare should n't be a subject of commercialism . 
  edit : wondering why the downvote . 
  he played very well in these playoffs . 
  exactly . 
  they are both perfect role models , guys i would love my kids to have as their idols if i were a father . 
  i understand why some people root against one or the other , but stars like this have a huge impact on positive development of our society . 
  how can even people blame guys like this for being a little cocky . 
  he is pretty much superhuman , making top athletes look like kids on court . 
  18 , 15 , 0 , 22 , 16 , 27 , 11 , 18 pts while being like 4th option and playing about 25 minutes on average does n't seem bad to me . 
  tony was still an important asset with patty being a core player for our bench and dejounte clearly not being ready . 
  arrest that man !, 
  i mean , how can it be real if our eyes are n't real . 
  if you check his history you will find out it 's quite far from a mere suspicion . 
  thanks for your response . 
  now i understand , although i have no experience with fourier domain besides having heard of it ( mechanical engineering major ), 
  thanks . 
  this is probably the most understandable explanation for me since i do n't have much theoretical background besides basic equations . 
  automatization will make most menial jobs obsolete pretty soon anyway . 
  well he is doing what he thinks is necessary to make state of the art technology and advanced mankind . 
  as far as i know he works as hard or even harder himself . 
  what laws do you mean ? 
  also , got a source for him treating employees like shit ? 
  the workload and payment ratio is bad but i have n't heard of him treating people like shit . 
  edit : how about actually sourcing your beliefs instead of downvoting, 
  alright , but is there something illegal ? 
  that 's the thing i was surprised with . 
  i understand that workers are treated badly and i do n't agree with it . 
  i 'm just willing to give elon a pass since he is one of the strong positive forces in current development of our civilization . 
  * [ colorized ], 
  or are you trying to tell us they had * color * photography in 480 bc ? 
  nah , you are n't just salty . 
  it 's more rare to have older android phone that still works well . 
  android has median quality lifetime like 2 years . 
  about any time before the industrial revolution ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  so are photos of models and you fap to them too . 
  that 's what makes human brain better than computer , you can project properties of one thing on another . 
  that 's why i was saying that people are capable of projecting attributes on other things . 
  that 's the base of human creativity . 
  if you do n't have the ability to do so you should go check with doctor . 
  how does it feel being pathetic piece of shit ? 
  non-native speaker here . 
  can you please elaborate on why does it sound wrong ? 
  besides the weird dot after first sentence of course . 
  coming from a citizen of nation where like 1/4 of people think europe is a nation and your president does n't understand nato , eu or anything really . 
  smh . 
  just like with the vision snow cure ( staring at static noise ) - do not do this . 
  it 's not a permanent relief , more like a super short term one , and you become painfully aware of it after experiencing a few minutes tinnitus-free . 
  i had to spend like two months readjusting to my vision snow after i tried the ` cure ' a few times . 
  what are you talking about . 
  if someone has a gun that gives him a lot of power . 
  it was supposed to be a meme about what 's in the box since it 's the worst of edubs ' content . 
  this sub is cringeworthy . 
  of course . 
  i never said i would fap to mei , i would not , but you can still rate the butt in the sense of * if this was an ass of a real person . . * . 
  i ca n't believe i am here wasting my time discussing a common sense thing . 
  i feel like you missed my pretty clearly expressed point two time in the two comments i wrote . 
  now that i think of it , i hope you did n't mean that not everyone faps to photos of models , because i can assure you that if a guy is not capable of that , he is gay ( assuming he is not in a relationship obviously ) . 
  that 's why it 's so important to find a job you love . 
  i do n't think a bad job is worth the money unless you are a manager with huge paycheck . 
  you mean like that water would turn into plasma ( and thus light up ) ? 
  do you even physics bro ? 
  you did n't say reflect . 
  and reflection on a surface depends on a number of factors . 
  water does n't necessarily work like a mirror . 
  i 'm not disputing that it 's fake . 
  i am more inclined to say that it is as well . 
  i just thought it was weird to think that the water would light up in the literal meaning . 
  you have a point besides that . 
  wtf . . it 's the symbolics of hijab . 
  i swear that every supporter i 've ever seen has very limited mental capabilities and fails to even understand others ' ideas . 
  or you 're just pretending because you do n't actually want to discuss anything but just want to slam others ' opinions since you disagree . 
  the classic sjw move . 
  i think you are the one misunderstanding the very origin of hijab and what it derives from . 
  it 's not a cute little piece of cloth you put on your little girl so that she can look pretty while she talks to other girls * and boys * like every other happy kid does in the post-medieval society . 
  no point in wasting my time with replying . 
  you did n't even get the pretty part . . 
  so you understood what i said but twisted it as to make me look bad ? 
  that 's some sjw 211 . 
  it also shows that you have no real argument to back up your agenda . 
  dressing little girls in hijab is wrong and it should be banned . 
  adults are free to decide what they want to wear but dressing young girls according to despicable traditions is wrong and does n't belong in modern society . 
  my argument revolves around two things : a ) everyone is equal b ) everyone should be treated the same way , unless they have special needs . 
  please do n't pretend like muslim world has the same development as other parts of the world have . 
  we are talking about places where honor killings occur , women are forced to marry and ca n't drive cars in some areas . 
  * very simplified answer if someone needs *, 
  let 's say you put money in a bank and you get a certain revenue , say 5 % yearly . 
  one way to approach this is simply to add 5 % to your account at the end of the year . 
  but what if you want to add 2.5 % in the middle of the year and 2.5 % at the end .
