  damn , that 's a lot of minutes . 
  goddamn locker room cancer cousins / s, 
  5 days, 
  ironboiiiii, 
  afghanistan is just west of india , it 's not that far from a perspective of european/american . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3-6 ' 4 and at 99kg i still feel pretty skinny . 
  upvoted for pro edit in ms paint . 
  edups would be proud . 
  yeah i missed it because it was written * after * the link . 
  i 'm fairly certain i was n't the only one . 
  yeah i 'm going to read a book during the 10 minutes i 'm going to school . 
  i hope they finally found the prothean ruins . 
  `` my parents can travel to alternative realities . '', 
  what is the song guys ? 
  edit : is *, 
  yeah . 
  thanks . 
  i mean , cavs double teamed pg with under 10s left and it worked for them . 
  mhmm . 
  i love the smell of fresh memes . 
  idk who downvoted you but cavs barely won at home with lebron playing heavy minutes against a ~ 40 win team . 
  their defense was bad . 
  so it begins anew ... 
  kevin love has never lost a match in 2017 playoffs . 
  the then brings a bit darker undertone . 
  rip , mr. fat trucker . 
  lol, 
  lulz . 
  rule # 3838 of reddit . 
  only even lols get upvotes . 
  it 's awesome that you are feeling pretty . 
  everyone should . 
  i mean . . he never heard anyone say `` i 'm going to utah for a vacation '' . 
  probably just young and deep in love . 
  that 's great but i usually have a hard time trying to come up with * any * question . 
  i do n't wan na jump into conclusions but there was some resemblance . 
  it 's clear now that the name andre is cursed . 
  all okc has to do is rename him . 
  he asked a question so you assumed he is not a judgemental cunt ? 
  this sub is so fucking cringy . 
  absolutely pathetic compared to the fun community h3h3 has . 
  it 's apparently filled with ex-leafy 13yo fans . 
  they do n't really have to do that much because most people will fly with them anyway because their flight is going to be slightly better timed or slightly cheaper or they just forget about this in a few weeks . 
  i 'm fine , mate . 
  that 's what i 'm saying !, 
  and why did n't they put nicer graphics in the games 15 years ago . 
  dumbass developers use nice graphic just now in gta 5 . 
  smh . 
  what would dunking it look like ? 
  nah , do n't tell me . 
  do n't want to know that . 
  so tim not only passed the leadership to kawhi but the goofball-ship as well . 
  the sudoku hacking is so bad imo . 
  it 's not even difficult , it 's pretty much the easiest version of sudoku possible , which just makes it a frustrating chore . 
  mobility of helicopters , convenience and interior of cars . 
  big difference . 
  very smart op failed to get the obvious joke . 
  yeah i agree . 
  i ca n't remember him destroying anything nice like this . 
  where do you rank mechanical engineering ? 
  just send sato in . 
  my boy can handle it . 
  this is valid for every online game imo . 
  anything you ca n't quit whenever you want is going to take more time than is healthy . 
  elon is a gamer . 
  it 's pretty funny to imagine elon playing mass effect and suddenly looking into distance , saying : `` we need to go to mars . 
  a map from a viewpoint of an australian supremacist . 
  i do n't get how this is imverysmart material . 
  he might not have the best points but i did n't feel the usual amount of arrogance from it . 
  i guess stealing from the elites is worse than killing another peasant . 
  feudalism is being revived . 
  it might not be tall but he is a big man for sure . 
  is it good ? 
  i stopped watching mid season . 
  yep , sry, 
  freedom is danger , privacy is criminal 's need . . someone help me , we surely can find the third one . 
  drop ` the ' & 2.00 . of course . 
  what a silly question . 
  wizards finally played sato and won . 
  i doubt it . 
  danny breathed in harden 's general direction . 
  should 've been technical . 
  hahaha good job ref . 
  only 18th century kids will remember . 
  mine barely had money for a competent teacher . . 
  xxxtentacion is absolutely my favorite for lifting/running . 
  gets me so pumped . 
  now someone , not me cause i 'm lazy , can make a correlation between # of people of certain height being on the sub and # of people of certain height posting and commenting . 
  i feel like it 's my national duty to add that czech for pineapple is ananas as well . 
  so it was totally worth it since you now have a cool story to tell . 
  watch out , it 's officer man !, 
  do you mean porzingheus ? 
  i feel like the most important thing is to learn how to work hard and be very focused while you study . 
  you do n't need to study 5 hours a day but when you do , you should be productive . 
  once you find a field you are enjoying it wo n't be hard to spend more time doing the work , but things like spontaneously playing ` just one ' video and stuff like this is pretty hard to unlearn . 
  i 've seen a few people with lots of upvotes asking what he said . 
  did some native speakers not understand him either ? 
  just wondering since enligsh is n't my mother language but i think i speak alright but did n't catch what he said at all . 
  well he should n't get bored as long as he is not boring person . 
  but according to my calculations , after the blown 3-0 lead , the meme density in this subreddit would reach high enough level to create a meme black hole which would swallow our entire solar system .
