  any person who puts food production and needless animal abuse on the same level is a moron seriously . 
  any person who puts food production and needless animal abuse on the same level is a moron seriously . 
  edit : i 'm not discussing whether we need meat or not . 
  i 'm just saying breeding animals for meat has at least some purpose , while killing an animal in a cruel way is horrible and absolutely needless . 
  please spare me your vegan responses . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  spurs ' players all seem quite intelligent . . unlike derrick . 
  he has also intelligence of a potato . 
  does n't quite fit spurs ' culture . 
  yeah take that little girl to a gym and check her deadlift form . 
  equality !, 
  i once left a piece of bread with some spread on it in my school bag over the summer . 
  when i opened it it seemed to be pretty damn close to developing its own language . 
  must have had some sort of behind the scenes agreement , no other way to explain it besides pop having a lapse of judgement , which does n't seem likely . 
  to be fair , a lot of the funding goes to infrastructure in the countryside , which people can live without , and to the rich people , since the bureaucracy is too much for most common people to handle . 
  it would be great if the finances were distributed into the projects that really help the people and the country , but very often they do n't . 
  edit : the downvoters apparently have no personal experience with where big part of the money ends . . 
  edit2 : judging by the responses , my comment came through the wrong way . 
  i 'm not saying that the funding is useless or does n't help the country , i was just pointing out that it 's not quite as good as one might think , due to problems caused mostly by bureaucracy and suboptimal distribution of funding . 
  uk feels like the most corrupt country in the civilized world right now . . how are you guys not rioting ? 
  this is just outrageous . 
  i lost trust in wsj after the pewdiepie shitshow . 
  they so blatantly manipulated facts to fit the narative they were going with . . 
  the most respectable sources for me are our national tv , which is funded by government and seems pretty decent , and reddit just because people are likely to call out anything untrue in the comments . 
  you 're right , although i still think that if you scroll through the comments you get a nice variety of perspectives you would n't get elsewhere . 
  obviously some topics like trump are exaggerated , but even then there are usually at least a few reasonable comments . 
  what ? 
  not when you 're building new roads in the countryside . 
  i guarantee that in 5 years tractors and other agricultural machinery will destroy the roads again . 
  i 'm not saying it 's useless , but it 's not a good investment . 
  probably just has wealthy parents with connections . 
  it 's not like his idea is original or particularly smart . 
  more likely just no one took photos of the ugly ones . 
  so good friends are the opposite of fake friends . 
  just half wrong . 
  it 's not his parents but adults who think it 's cute that a kid designs bowties . 
  let 's face it , they are nothing special and they probably could have nicer one designed by adults . 
  lpt reddit : the worst place to get advices on the entire internet . 
  yeah , russia sometimes helps some to , you know , feed their kids and stuff . 
  animals . 
  even europe in its dark age was n't this fucked up . 
  i actually ca n't think of any society at any time other than islamic me that would be so incredibly backward . 
  i think islamic culture might be the very bottom of our species , ever . 
  would ending islam be such a bad thing honestly ? 
  i know it 's utopia , but imagine the middle east controlled by western governments ( for a short period of time to make the transition ) . 
  sharia abolished , every kid no matter the gender getting proper education and women allowed to do what they want and crimes punished justly . 
  if there was a way to do this without a bloodshed , i would abolish islam in the form it 's currently present in without wink of an eye . 
  i despise nazis but it 's pretty ignorant to call them that . 
  they did build a powerful empire . 
  had hitler stopped at conquering just a few neighbouring countries and decided against the genocide , his regime could have built something great . 
  not to mention how spurs completely broke down without him . 
  one of the only teams ( possibly just 2 ? ), 
  capable of defeating warriors at least a few times in a series but without kawhi they got completely destroyed . 
  he would just endorse his opponents . 
  i do n't hate muslims but i am not afraid to admit that i do n't want their culture in europe . 
  i 'm willing to tolerate burqa in public but that 's as far as it goes . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i have every right to say what i want in my country and vote accordingly . 
  i 'm sorry if i triggered you but that 's just ( luckily ) the way things are . 
  it 's hard to even think about but i think yes . 
  there are rich very people without any morals or empathy . 
  i 'm sure this happens to poor people , the only thing different this time is that it happened to a celebrity and she was lucky to get out of it . 
  many americans have very twisted view of european countries . 
  especially the ones east of berlin . 
  thinking you can do anything is r/imverysmart material . 
  not correcting it . 
  i expressed myself incorrectly . 
  i meant that it 's wrong to put countries like romania or ukraine into the same category as iran and iraq . 
  obviously life in america is likely to be better for high income class , although i have my doubts about lower class / low-mid class due to problematic access to healthcare and expensive housing . 
  i wish this did n't happen anymore . 
  we live in a world where people living in europe have virtually unlimited possibilities , and even when their own capabilities prevent them from reaching certain goals , they can still easily live a great life with their biggest problem being what should they cook for dinner and where to fly for vacation . 
  yet , these `` people '' choose to ruin others ' lifes in such inhuman way . 
  i honestly believe that * any * participation in slavery should be punished by death . 
  in case of clear evidence , obviously . 
  to be fair , the people who truly made this decision will probably be well covered and you would just imprison someone who had no real say and just did n't want to lose their well paid job . 
  sorry , what ? 
  i thought i made my sarcasm clear with the / s. 
  i 'm quite inclined to believe that the questions were asked by social anthropology students or something of that sort , who were eager to make czechs look as xenophobic as possible . 
  it 's pretty hard for me to believe that not even half of people would n't mind their child being in a relationship with asian . 
  offtopic : i do n't understand the american working hours . 
  i envy you guys higher gdp/capita but i never want to do that . 
  it seems to me it must be hard to enjoy life when working more than 8/5 and even that is quite a lot with less paid leave and holidays like europeans have . 
  capitalism sucks for the working class . 
  he even got all sweaty on at least one occasion . 
  so pretty competitive . 
  i know , that 's why i marked it as off topic not to waste anyone 's time . 
  it 's just a thing that crossed my mind when i read the post . 
  i know there is n't much to post right now but all the posts about lavar are just annoying tbh, 
  oh , i thought you were being sarcastic . 
  yeah , huge props to the guy and his motivation and work ethic but he probably should re-evaluate if this is really the direction that will make him happy . 
  not to mention it must be taxing on his health as well . 
  haha true , i 'm just oversensitive to reading lavar in any context . . 
  i 'm excited about sixers but i 'm pretty sure they will disappoint most people just because of the enormous hype . 
  snitch . 
  i understand your point but branson looks better at his age than like 80 % of my classmates from university in their early 20s . 
  lmao just the 25 % bf shows you are n't really competitive . 
  if you think competitiveness starts and ends on the court , you could n't be more wrong . 
  it starts in the morning in gym and ends with every single choice you make regarding your lifestyle . 
  it 's interesting to see world increasingly polarized in major issues like lobbying , wage distribution among classes and commercialization of healthcare . 
  i 'm curious to see whether we end up with dystopic oligarchies on one side and somewhat functional social democracies on the other in the upcoming decades .
