  bioware built a name in the gaming community . 
  why throw it away . 
  i like them in witcher but hate in mass effect and dragon age . 
  huge open cities with a selected smaller area for base building or something would suit the game better . 
  why do you think it 's so bad anyway ? 
  the archery seems fun and original and npcs shield themselves when you aim at them . 
  i think ai in most games has this problem with player running backwards from them . 
  it will likely be super easy fix to just increase speed of npcs when they are pursuing you . 
  and the devs revamped battle ai in a post-beta build anyway , because they were n't satisfied . 
  this is the problem with developers releasing actual beta to actually test things and get feedback and not almost finished game mostly as marketing strategy . 
  a year younger than me . 
  it 's just unreal . 
  it also shows that he 's pretty smart in a way imho , handling all the fame better than a lot of guys would . 
  ohh , my bad . 
  i thought you were op for some reason . 
  everyone has some bad habits . 
  * he 's just a guy , you know . . * . 
  can he have beautiful blue eyes and be just a guy tho ? 
  that would be fine . 
  less commercials and you learn to ignore the ads . 
  they are adding european commercials on top of american ones . 
  ethan is n't fat . 
  he is thicc . 
  i 'm happy for him as a person . 
  i am a spurs fan and i rooted for cavs in finals but kd is a good guy and i 'm glad he is happy . 
  i feel like it 's not the best way to tell a beginner out of shape to go build your routine around bench , squats , dl and pullups . 
  just start with machines to make the transition smoother . 
  someone who never went to gym might feel overwhelmed and clueless otherwise . 
  alternatively just get a trainer for a few lessons to teach you the basics . 
  actors like sean bean should take roles where their character survives as to bolster unpredictability . 
  yeah it seems like something modders should be able to do if the devs provide them with some of their software . 
  the flexible ai system seems robust enough . 
  \u00bf que ? 
  i mean , 1978 was pretty long ago . 
  technically we were a superpower as well , charles iv . 
  was bohemian king and also emperor of hre . 
  coincidentally , the only czech ( sato ) playing in nba also plays for wizards . 
  good job op . 
  dude , do n't analyze a shitpost lol, 
  largest , not strongest afaik . 
  well we were a succesfull country up to munich betrayal and communist occupation , but that was n't my point . 
  i was just adding to the joke . . 
  i mean , they did lose to spurs . 
  it unimaginable warriors could lose to anyone . 
  they went 16-1 in playoffs . . 
  yeah i get your point but the spurs almost-win was just mess on warriors ' part . 
  i do n't think that would have happened again even if kawhi was healthy . 
  yeah , i did n't want to be mean but this is n't the kind of stuff i visit the sub for . 
  almost feels like me : a turned people here into the sjws it was set to please . . 
  why would i have to finish the game in order to have an opinion on it ? 
  if i did n't feel like going back to the game midway through , then it somehow is my fault for not giving it a try ? 
  there were barely any characters that caught my attention , the settling of new worlds was unrewarding since you only get generic outpost and many of the quests were unoriginal and i could n't force myself to care . 
  meanwhile , every single other me game had me on the edge of my seat since beginning . 
  that 's the downside of wearing heavy armor . 
  you do n't have to wear full face helmet but you can still wear full plate chest armor . 
  turning it off is kinda cheating since you take the advantages of the armor type but turn off the disadvantage . 
  just wear a lighter helmet . 
  yep this is exactly the shit i 'm talking about . 
  you know what i was referring to . 
  it was n't meant to be disrespectful or anything . 
  grrm be like . 
  hey guys , i 'm 95 % . . ready to finally start working on the book . 
  it also kinda upset me that the show will predate the book because i liked to read it first . 
  i am not sure i will be able to keep my attention to the book since it 's much slower paced and i will already know the major plot events . 
  i think that if it did n't annoy you so far it wo n't annoy you in next books . 
  i 'd say the books go into more detail and even start varying more . 
  for example arya 's storyline in braavos is ok in the show but excellent in books with much more depth . 
  after all it 's easier to describe her struggle with blindness than to film it . 
  i 'm curious , what makes you love living here ? 
  i understand why people from less developed/more dangerous love it here but what makes it good for an american ? 
  the study is likely distorted by the dislike for gypsies , which is kind of understandable , and wo n't affect a decently dressed and behaving person , even a gypsy most of the time . 
  i would n't be too concerned , especially in prague . 
  if you dress nicely and keep your beard short , most people wo n't probably even make the connection that you are a muslim . 
  you * might * encounter some racists but not in the university environment , more like some good-for-nothings going home drunk from their 6th visit of pub that week ( at wednesday ) . 
  generally the groups that might get some stares or comments in public are gypsies ( i 've encountered this once during my 3 years in prague from a drunken dumbass and immediately told him to leave the woman alone and a few schools kids actually joined me , it was pretty cute of them ) and women in hijabs . 
  a girl i know actually did this ` experiment ' where she went out into the public in hijab with a friend and she said that she got some stares but nothing more really . 
  we barely have any black people and when you say ' \u010dernej ' you often mean gypsies , at least people from my vicinity do . 
  there surely is a correlation , the questions is how big is it ? 
  i 'd say pretty significant . 
  i guess it 's pointless to argue about this since i have zero knowledge of details of serbian society , i believe that the correlation i mentioned above exists . 
  best we can do is agree to disagree . 
  and if you fuck , do n't go to church and swear a lot you are n't a good christian . 
  so that 's like 95 % of christians i know . 
  give it to the good muslims who understand their religion is just a religion and should stay at home/in mosque . 
  meh , i think it 's just that you see even bad bench players next to top athletes and so you do n't really notice how gifted they are . 
  put an nba bench player next to a great street player and he will make him look like a weak child . 
  gon na be faster , stronger , quicker and taller . . 
  a lot of humans are assholes even to their own kind so this is n't too surprising . 
  in my calculus course we had a professor who was originaly a monk or something like that . 
  he was in a monastery . 
  then he met a woman and ended up working on some encryption problems or something like that . 
  no one knew any details of the story but we did find some records which confirmed the broad stroked . 
  he now does research in mostly discrete mathematics i believe . 
  at least top 0.01 % intellectually . 
  from what i 've read you 're trying too hard to do some fancy complicated exercise . 
  just do squats , lunges and run . 
  what you can also do is go for a run and grab a ball along the way or have friends bring you one extra to an outside court or whatever and do jump shots when fatigued . 
  i doubt there is any added value in doing some half-assed squats , especially on smith machine . 
  edit * typed shit machine instead of smith machine . 
  subconsciousness speaking i guess lol,
