   competitiveness is fine until it becomes us vs them how is competitiveness between groups anything other than `` us vs. 
  them '' ? 
  this problem would n't exist if jews and muslims were n't in europe . 
  nah dude , [ finns are weird ] ( http://bigthink.com/strange-maps/306-the-genetic-map-of-europe ) . 
  so are you okay with europeans being treated the way the inhabitants of those places were treated ? 
  try telling an anti-racist that . 
  favoritism towards one 's own race is n't taught . 
  yeah , you already told me that ; i get it , and i do n't care ... 
  it 's just becoming creepy at this point . 
  interesting . 
  so at exactly what point in belgium does your financial/ethnic situation allow you to get away with being a vulgar asshole ? 
  so first a greek woman is expelled for a harmless mosquito joke , and now this . 
  i ca n't tell what 's the bigger olympic joke : these actions or that boxing match between japan and azerbaijan . 
  assuming you 're an atheist , morality is your invisible friend . 
  funnily enough , most atheists just seem to secularize judeo-christian morality . 
  they 'd at least be less annoying if they went for some sort of nietzschean aristocratic/noble worldview . 
  whens the last time you heard a cultural marxist complaining about the lack of diversity in , say , korea or nigeria ? 
  it is natural and healthy to feel at home among your family . 
  your race is your extended family . 
  `` anti-racism classes '' ? 
  more like `` anti-organic love , trust , and solidarity classes '' . 
  anti-racism is a codeword for anti-white . 
  this problem would n't exist if muslims were n't in europe in the first place . 
  gay . 
  there are less extreme ways to hide the fact that you 're balding ... 
  yeah , people helping each other out - how repulsive . 
  [ monarchy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/monarchism ) worked for eons . 
  just saying . 
   `` there is no such thing as ` the greeks ' or ` the germans . ' '', 
  when did i ever claim that the jews in germany are those left after the holocaust ? 
  all i said was `` the jews '' . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3c0pnrbzjk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16bntponyy0 if you disregard these videos it 's because you 're afraid of reality . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial#germany http://www.presstv.ir/detail/170388.html, 
  germans need to stop being ashamed of their past . 
  first of all , very few of them were even alive during wwii . 
  second of all , the holocaust was most likely nowhere near as bad as it 's been said . 
  all the proof you need of this is that , where i to say what i 've just said in germany , i would be put in prison . 
  i watched the live stream for 2 seconds , saw a single mom with a black child , and turned it off . 
  i do n't need any more globalist genocidal cultural marxism shoved down my throat , thank you very much . 
   if we do something bad , we feel bad , so there is incentive not to do bad . 
  surely a person can choose what they feel bad about if they recognize that they are just a collection of atoms , a speck of a speck of a speck of dust in the possibly endless sea of atoms . 
  why should they even bother with feelings or right/wrong good/bad if their entire existence is just a coincidence ? 
   thus , it is in our evolutionary interest to strive for a better society . 
  so you should strive for a better society because you want to continue a completely emotionless chain of events that have no greater meaning , you just feel like going with that flow . 
  what if someone just feels like not continuing evolution ? 
  what if they say `` fuck it , nature is unfeeling , the universe is cold and getting colder , i 'm gon na blow the world up . '', 
  there 's no reason for them not to . 
   1 ) we have a conscience that we developed through evolution that 's a how , not a why . 
   2 ) it is conducive to well-functioning society . 
  there 's no scientific objective reason to want a well-functioning society over anything else  because we think we are worth that . 
  i think you are n't . 
  presumably each thought is equally valid , so therefore there 's no reason for me not to kill you . 
  this is hypothetical of course , just to be clear . 
  so is this going to get the jews out of germany for good ? 
   your post implies , very typically , that people without religion ca n't tell right from wrong ( here it was expressed as `` good '' and `` evil '' ) , that essentially they have no morals . 
  you fail to realize notice the capiricious and arbitrary behavior of any god you can imagine . 
  you did n't demonstrate , or even try to demonstrate how a godless person can logically have morals . 
  i have to assume that 's your acceptance that i 'm right . 
   you also fail to realize that when you do something because god said to , that 's not morality , that 's just following orders . 
  the cosmos has an order to it . 
  the only way to approach the transcendent is to follow that divine order . 
  it 's not a question of god saying so , it 's a question of realizing the most basic and fundamental truth . 
   as is often said , morality is what you do when no one is looking . 
  the love of an atheist is worth much more than the `` love '' of a theist . 
  an atheist first fails to see the order in the cosmos . 
  they then base their actions on pure sentimentality - essentially just doing things because they were taught one way on a totally materialistic level . 
  tao te ching chapter 38 , sentence 4 :  `` truly , once the way is lost , there comes then virtue ; virtue lost , comes then compassion ; after that morality ; and when that 's lost , there 's etiquette , the husk of all good faith , the rising point of anarchy . '', 
  what is sacred about a few atoms banging against each other , making molecules , a few molecules sticking together , making dna , and after a few billion years , eventually spitting you out of your mothers vagina ? 
  why does that make you `` worth '' anything ? 
  i 'm really only american in the most basic sense of the word . 
  the vast majority of posters on here from europe are really more americanized than i am . 
  the fact that in this instance i 'm defending romney does n't mean i 'm a republican . 
  newsweek is the daily beasts ' magazine , where they essentially deify obama ; [ some examples ] ( http://imgur.com/a/dqn1p ) . 
  i do n't waste my time reading their website , but if those are the covers of their magazines , it 's safe to assume that they 're slobbering on some mulatto dick on the web . 
  he 's probably using it as a basic example to show that the power a country has is fleeting . 
  i do n't see how it 's all that unacceptable really - when you think of england , do you really think of a manufacturing powerhouse with big roads and houses ? 
  out of context quote from liberal propaganda machine ? 
  you do n't say !, 
  it must be nice going through life knowing that everyone who disagrees with you is simply trolling . 
  - does n't believe in any form of religion - believes in `` evil '' lol . 
  keep that scientistic jew in the physics lab . 
   are you expecting me to personally make you a huge-ass list of his standings and hypocrisies ? 
  i asked him why you did n't like him and you essentially said it was because you did n't like him . 
  you think that 's a valid reason not to like someone ? 
   on a separate note , i find it amusing that you 're saying my comment is of little merit , when your response to people saying they dislike mitt romney is to accuse them of racism . 
  i did that to mirror the common occurrence of someone saying they do n't like obama and immediately being called racist . 
  i believe it happened in this very thread , as a matter of fact . 
   he 's a walking avatar of the corporate-owned , fuck-you-i-got-mine extremism ( both religious and capitalist ) that is the republican party . 
  [ totally ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massachusetts_health_reform_law ) . 
  oh okay so you hate him because of some vague accusation that you 've decided to make without listing any actual reasons why you hate him . 
  you might as well have just said `` i hate him because i hate him . '', 
  racist . 
  you must just hate white people . 
  what 's so horrible about him that you would n't want him to visit your country ? 
  he was chief executive of the winter olympics in salt lake city , utah in 2002 , for what it 's worth . 
  obama is n't black - he 's half white , part black , and part arabic . 
  it 's not sexist - the majority of prostitutes are just women . 
   the fact that your posts are frequently crafted to provoke negative responses is the very definition of a troll . 
  yeah , you 're right , i love trolling ; this one time i came across this group of guys who were planning to rape a girl , and i was like `` you probably should n't do that . '', 
  the fact that you and most others on this subreddit disagree with me does not make me a troll .
