turkey and cyprus and lots of reserves that only recently got reduced . 
  why we keep them in the eu or why do they have so many tanks ? 
  look at it that way : greece alone has more tanks than germany , france and the uk together . 
  there is a reason we keep them in the eu . 
  well , unless you call bluffing a valid option in poker , it is n't . 
  all the more reason to prepare for our increased role in the world , that this election has given us . 
  temporary until the end , also is n't there a tax on cigarettes for afghanistan ? 
  * to the us ... 
  as a great german said : ` hamas oder hamas nicht ? ', 
  can confirm . 
  was asked if i wanted a dotzen or two on a small market in prague during a school stay . 
  they also had all kinds off knifes , food , bootleged consoled , etc. 
  you really should have used / s on that one . 
  thx . 
  looking over the last 3 pages was n't enough to see that . 
  pls read up on that stuff . 
  german and french also official languages of the organs of the eu as well as primary work languages . 
  oh , i misread that . 
  i thought you wrote ' i want to learn german . ', 
  mach weiter = please continue . 
  but that is pretty much what they are doing now . 
  3 work languages and official documents come in ~ 25 languages . 
  already is one of 3 work languages in the eu . 
  and obviously an official language . 
  not going to happen , there will be a lot of petitions to keep english as a work language and therefore it will stay an official language . 
  even if it costs a couple millions . 
  they have to consider that there are lots of people outside the eu that want to read up on these texts . 
  german is one of 4 working languages in the eu . 
  it 's about eu communications laguages . 
  they can speak klingon on the island for all the eu cares , but they do need to write their input in their eu communication language and as the article states , that is gaelic/irish for ireland . 
  well , except the only program anyone knows is from the eu : erasmus . 
  i studied a long time and never anything about anyone not coming from erasmus or directly befriended university ( and even then it 's at least 80 % erasmus ) . 
  only dumpster , noone to cum ... 
  bristle is xenophobic , that much is known . 
  lone druid just wants his sovereignity back . 
  slark and pudge like to have company around them - makes them stronger - and vote remain . 
  luna already foretold the outcome and did n't even bother to vote . 
  so will we see a uk of england and wales ? 
  well , this 'll be the biggest comeback outside of dota i 've ever seen , if stay will make it . 
  becoming the loniliest country ? 
  not sure if that is taught in british schools ... maybe you need to pay at university for that ... 
  til 85 % of the environment laws in gb were required to fulfil eu standards . 
  i leave that you whether this an argument for leaving or remaining . 
  their finance ministers also said that ` saving the planet will ruin the country ' . 
  and there are already plans to turn a bird sanctuary into a container port . 
  when you compare the numbers , the people that are criminally overactive are 2 % of north africans ( 20 % of crimes ) and 0.5 % georgians ( 6 % of crimes ) . 
  syrians have a crime statistic that is on the same level as germans . 
  your bicycle crossroads are the 8th world wonder , no need to lament the lack of waterfalls . 
  but if you really want to have some waterfalls , we could send some people to dig holes into your dams . 
  these are so big in germany though ... 
  he got 1 % trust whenever he was punctual ... 
  we could have let greece pay 17 % interest on the open market , now they pay ~ 3 % , iirc , if that is not helping each other out , you can make other proposals . 
  yeah , but good luck errecting and running production facilities for 2 trillion dollar worth of goods in the us, 
  summer 2018 , after elections . 
  are you telling me you ca n't change the language on ( edit : non german ) amazon ? 
  not that i ever needed to , but that would baffle me ... 
  there are already hundreds of firms that establish dependencies in irland and some in frankfurt , afaik . 
  well , there 's still teamspeak , jdownloader , sap ... 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9s2n9bp4au ), 
  i used to , i have n't seen too many recently and i certainly do n't hear people say ` we bought a new ford ' . 
  i do n't get the question i think , the base geometry is basically a torus split into 5 segments and those segments are for the most part identical . 
  that is a phycisist 's explanation if i ever saw one . 
  yeah , it nails it and is eli5 . 
  then you 'd end up with a tokamak again . 
  the beauty of the stellarator is that the outside is highly complex so that you need only one system for compression/density and forward movement of the particle stream . 
  the tokamak is a lot simpler in it 's geometry but needs to induce an electric current with a secondary system to move the stream forward . 
  the benefit of the stellarator is that it does n't need to be pulsed to be used compared to the tokamak . 
  which got ( completely ) transported back to germany to be checked and reforged . 
  less than for owning weed in many states or dating a 17yo as an 18yo, 
  a nice way of protesting against g20 meetings !, 
  strange , you 'd think they would settle in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  i guess banks need other banks ... 
  congrats on making enough money to move to frankfurt !, 
  we have one of the the most expensive mobile markets . 
  comes in part from the dotzens of billions that were spent on umts licenses back in the days . 
  also we only have 3-4 carriers which keeps prices pretty high . 
  in addition , you need to cover each and every spot of landmass as we are densely populated . 
  that said , i still wait for umts in our valley ... 
  it took me a while to recognize the issue ... 
  i spend too much time on non german sites ... 
  let 's not forget the towns and cities with names that have connotaions in their respective country 's language like poppenhausen . 
  indeed , that money is better spent on submarines . 
  cheap submarines for sale , come buy some german submarines !, 
  greece , why do n't you buy another two ? 
  on the other hand for the ~ 40 billion $ that germany would need to spend every year to reach the 2 % goal , how many submarines could you buy for that ? 
  binden, 
  not that i do n't like freudentrunken , but should n't it be feuertrunken ? 
  happy that i was wrong about whimsical song not having a chance . 
  it was a nice evening and an above average esc . 
  good night . 
  ireland , what ? 
  what ? 
  i means thx , but wtf ? 
  out there for the 3 georgias achievement ... 
  that voice wins escs ... 
  could the swedes please stop to send male underwear models to the esc ... 
  get the app, 
  looks like the ad for that new amazon show ... 
  was better in the german decider ... 
  but i guess it was ok,
