interesting how you still can see the west/east separation of germany in those maps . 
   i can only speak as an austrian , but a lot of germans do n't know that we actually do n't really like germans either . 
  i 've had a lot of colleagues at university who were quite astounded about this . 
  this is probably due to the fact , that germany 's influence on austria in regards of culture , entertainment , news , etc. 
  is way bigger than the other way around . 
  you could say germany is the big brother and austria the small brother . 
  that is simply because of the size and population difference . 
  so austrians care a lot more about german influences ( cultural , political and so on ) than germans care about austria . 
  so in order not to get `` crushed '' under german influence , you guys emphasize how different you are , which sometimes leads to disliking germans . 
  and germans ... well most germans do n't really care much about austria ( except for extraordinary events like the refugee crisis ) . 
  so most germans see austria as the nice german speaking neighbours , that are just like us . 
  and therefore we really like austria . 
  and the austrians constantly fear to get dominated by germany . 
   in austria it mostly comes from maintaining our own national identity yeah , but this trend as an austrian identity as opposed to a german/germanic identity is rather new . 
  germany is a mosaic of many different german identities , that all share a lot of similiar things . 
  austrians often mistake the brd or the prussian part of germany as german and think you can either be german or austrian . 
  but in the original cultural definition of german , austria is of course a of the german culture . 
  so the brd and the republic of austria are rather subgroups of the german culture nation . 
  so all the austrian anti-german resentiment is probably more the resentiment against being culturally dominated by a bigger neighbour . 
  which is bullshit . 
  just look at bavaria ( the best part of germany btw ) and see how it has it 's own bavarian identity . 
  and that identity is not any more or any less german , than saxonian , prussian , or westfalian identity . 
  they are all subgroups of a german culture nation . 
  and austria is even if it 's unpopular nowadays a part of it as well . 
  ( when i speak of nowadays i 'm not referring to * those 12 years * . 
  german history is a little bit older than that . ), 
   that 's right you do n't have the numbers . 
  go on a german governent website and you can easily find the number of turkish people living in germany . 
   if they are here legally they should be able to stay here legally . 
  they are legally here . 
  you do n't need a german passport for that . 
  a residence permit is enough . 
  i do n't have numbers , but i think the majority of turks only has a turkish passport . 
   what does that mean , people of a foreign nation ? 
  do people from austria actually in living in germany should `` remigrate '' too ? 
  or only the turks ? 
  well we live in the eu and have free movement of persons in the eu . 
  austria is a member of the eu and turkey is not . 
  that should answer your question . 
  yeah that 's a looong process . 
  merkel lost a lot of regional elections and somehow still refufes to change her migration policy ... 
  but still , you have to vote the right parties and eventually the established politicians will get the message . 
   do they have a german passport yes or no ? 
  they even vote in turkish elections and hold pro-erdogan rallies in germany . 
   who talks about remigration everybody that supports the idea that people of a foreign nation go back to their homeland . 
  so quite a lot of people . 
   a big part why those people come over to europe is because europe came to them centuries ago and royally screwed them for decades without a trace of `` cultural respect '' in its mind . 
  i totally agree . 
  what happened to africa was bad . 
  but that is no justification for mass-migration . 
  wrongdoings by one society do n't justify wrongdoings by another society . 
   this is dumb  rambling nonsense topkek, 
   you 're talking about a system that already exist , you do n't need a moniker like `` remigration '' to describe something that already works . 
  a lot of turkish citizens live in germany with turkish passports in the 3rd generation . 
  remigration is definetly necessary and nothing that is already implemented . 
   i hope you learned something today . 
  yes . 
  i learned the word `` moniker '' , which i had n't heard before . 
  and that some people obsessively try to push certain things , that do n't fit in a certain ideological worldview , into a right-wing-extremist corner . 
  what a well articulated , thoughtful response . 
  the difference with greece is , that capitalism is working well in most countries , with a few exceptions . 
  multi-culturalism is failing in most countries , with a few exceptions . 
  i see all cultures of the world of equal worth , beautiful and worth preserving . 
  i just do n't want them here , where they replace our culture . 
  because african cultures belong to africa and not to europe . 
  every nation should have it 's place that it owns and where it belongs . 
  i do n't think cutting people off their roots is good in any way . 
  do n't mix migrants with refugees . 
   why would they do that ? 
  they would n't . 
  well if they are foreigners with a foreign passport , they need a residence permit that has to be renewed from time to time . 
  if that permit is n't renewed , they are legally obliged to leave the country . 
   stop being an hypocrite you know what i 'm talking about . 
  you want to force them out . 
  actually i have no clue , what you are talking about . 
  you make weird imputations an insult me by calling me a white supremacist and whatnot . 
  that is as silly as it is wrong . 
  are you serious with that bullshit ? 
  the word remigration means exactly , what it means . 
  re-migration . 
  migration with the latin prefix re - , which means back . 
  migrate back . 
  it means that people with foreign and non european passports migrate back to their homecountries . 
   de-population problems that is not a really big problem . 
  germany would also be sustainable with 70 mio people . 
  and it would be possible to adress those problems . 
   age-distribution problems that problem ca n't be solved by migration , only delayed . 
  because those migrants would get old as well and then you need even more migration . 
  so either you have some migration pyramid-scheme with unlimited population growth . 
  or you accept that the society is aging and you might face the fact , that every young worker need to pay for the retirment of more old people . 
  given our productivity , that should be possible . 
  remigration will be the topic of the 21st century in europe . 
   but what happens with its not an idealistic goal but a matter of necessity ? 
  come on , that is bullshit and you know it . 
  there is no valid reason for mass migration . 
  the best thing for our europe would be a constant population , or maybe even a slow population decline . 
  we arleady have a pretty high population density here . 
  you ca n't change it anyway , that societies get older . 
  what would be the solution ? 
  more immigrants/kids ?
