  well they also live up to 90 or maybe even 100 years . 
  and then ? 
  even more migrants/kids ? 
  that is a pyramid scheme , where you need an ever growing population . 
  and that is n't sustainable . 
   even if immigration is completely halted an entire area of land ca n't simply be emptied of people forever . 
  emptied of people is a nice euphemism with a population density of 230 people per square kilometer in germany . 
  just for comparison , the usa has 33 people per square km . 
   eventually there would be no one left to keep immigrates out . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  do you think people will die out en masse here ? 
  just have a healthy child support program and you will get about 2 kids per woman , which leads to a constant population . 
  sorry , but what you say , is wrong and filled with ideology . 
  but that is not describing reality . 
  so if people do n't want to go on a school with a 50 % + migrant rate , the state should force them to ? 
  we have ( or had , i 'm not 100 % sure ) a system in germany , where kids had to attend the school in the neighbourhood they live in . 
  guess what happened . 
  family 's started to move away from certain neighbourhoods when they had kids . 
   the school had seen the number of ethnic minority students rise from 25 percent in 2007 to 80 percent of this year 's first-year students . 
   the school 's headmaster , yago bundgaard , denied allegations that the practice amounted to discrimination and said that the aim was to encourage integration by preventing a dwindling number of ethnic danes from leaving the school . 
  interesting that this has become necessary in europe . 
  the ethnic danes that left the school showed their stance on mass-migration by voting by foot . 
  multi-culturalism is simply a huge failure . 
  an apple a day , keeps the taxman away . 
  from the olympic commitee to fifa , uefa and others : so many sport associations tend to be so shady and corrupt . 
  it 's a shame . 
  banning national historical artifacts from being sold abroad is a very reasonable thing to do . 
   because shes done a proper job , for germany . 
  objection . 
  she did a proper job until the refugee crisis . 
  then she fucked up everything she did before . 
  many small successes got destroyed by one very , very big fuckup . 
  imagine somebody slowly saving money to buy his own house . 
  so he steadily saves money and after a couple years he has enough money . 
  then he decides to celebrate that , goes to las vegas , gets super drunk and blows off all the money in one evening and fucks up everything he achieved the years before . 
   merkel 's deputy says she underestimated migrant integration challenge not surprising . 
  for me there are just two rational explanations for that behavior : either she massively underestimated the problems that will come . 
  or she knew about those problems and simply did n't care about germany 's future , because she secretly liked the multi-kulti ideology . 
  both options are troubling for a chancellor . 
  first option means , she might be incompetent . 
  second option would be high treason . 
  personally i do n't believe she did all that with vile intentions and just massively underestimated all the problems . 
  there are a lot of game of thrones jokes for merkel , aka merkel the mother of refugees and i think those carry some truth in them . 
  i think merkel wanted to get known as the `` humanitarian leader of europe '' . 
  ( well in reality it is not very `` humanitarian '' to lure people to germany , so they can drown in the mediteranean sea on the way . 
  but those moral driven politics are about emotions and not about the outcomes . 
  good intentions are often the opposite of doing something good . ), 
   the open border policy western nations follow is prone to incidents like these , not only for the last years , but decades you are right and that is why a country should overthink those policies . 
    asylum is only temporary , so it should always be about remigration . 
  the name would fit better . 
   that reform would n't simply add or improve the ministries ability to work out the remigration . 
  it would show everyone in that ministery what their job is . 
  and that is remigration . 
  so it would send a pretty clear signal , what the public expects from that ministery . 
   it would be used to undermine the right on aslyum which is protected by the german constitution . 
  check art . 
  16a ( 2 ) gg  so you would want to deport ~ 1.000.000 refugees no , i want to give them food , shelter , medical support and safety from war and terror . 
  that is what they deserve as refugees . 
  however they do n't have any saying in where they get food , shelter , medical support and safety from war and terror . 
  if that is on an island than it is on an island . 
  they can get asylum . 
  but they ca n't say where they get it . 
   it 's basically the same the nazis did to the jews in the 1930s , when they built the first concentration camps lol are you serious ? 
  a refugee camp is basically a concentration camp ? 
  you should really get your shit together because that 's extremely insulting to everyone who was in a concentration camp . 
  i 'm pretty sure the jews would loved to trade their concentration camp with torture and horror against a safe refugee center with food , shelter , medical support and safety from persecution . 
  if you truly think a refugee camp is even slightest comparable to a fucking concentration camp , then you are the retard . 
  and a really big one . 
   i would like to add you to that group . 
  your views are full of anxiety , xenophobia and hate . 
  yeah , now comes the typical name calling . 
  you forgot to call me a nazi , racist , fascist , homophobe , antisemite and literally hitler . 
  guess what , no one cares about your leftist name calling anymore . 
  i 'm not against foreigners , i 'm not racist and i do n't hate anyone . 
  i just do n't like the process of superalienation that is going on . 
   go and vote for trump , szyd\u0142o or hofer . 
  their agenda fits your views . 
  i wont vote for any of them . 
  afd it is , 
  that 's an interesting part of european history , that most europeans ( me included ) know very little about . 
   after the ansbach attack they announced this would not have happend if they were in power and deleted that statement 2 hours later . 
  is n't that true ? 
  no muslim refugees = no muslim refugee terrorists . 
  if the borders had stayed closed and germany had an anti-refugee policy the years before , than ansbach would n't have happenend . 
   they ( one person i particular ) said , it would be ok the shoot children and women at the border fences in the balkans . 
  police and border protection are allowed to use force . 
  this goes from low escalation levels like shouting to higher escalation levels like physical force and as a last resort a gun . 
  why do you think they carry weapons ? 
  to interprete that statement as `` they should shoot all refugees '' is wrong . 
   at some point they favored the idea that women should not be employed in higher positions so they could care for a family . 
  this is literally the 1950s their party leader is a woman . 
  yeah , they mus really hate women in leading positions if they elect a woman as their party chairwoman . 
  / s  yesterday frauke petry told the media that she would want to reform the bamf ( the federal ministry for migration and refugees ) into a so called ` r\u00fcckwanderungsbeh\u00f6rde ' , a ministry that is only responsible to throw illegal people out as fast as possible . 
  asylum is only temporary , so it should always be about remigration . 
  the name would fit better . 
   as a location where to deport them to , they brought up the idea to send them to a un controlled island from where they can not flee . 
  works very well in australia . 
   this woman is retarded and i can not picture myself having a serious discussion with anyone who supports her or the afd in general . 
  everyone who does n't agree with you is retarded ? 
  interesting attitude .
