lol , never trust any statistic that you did n't forge yourself . 
  but to comeback to where we started : yes , the left wing has clearly the tendency to exploit instances like this as a shining example towards the public , but as soon you go deeper into the guts of the left wing those things become less and less important . 
  i 'm aware of that , approaching it critically is always necessary , though it becomes increasingly difficult in such cases to form a opinion if said data is your only source . 
  but in the case of our conversation you kinda also have to recognize that i can trust your position even less then the possibly screwed data , since you know , no one has ever told lies or bullshit on the internet . 
  as an non-argentine let me tell you : i only have the data i can dig out , if you have another experience living there then so be it , i 'm in no position to tell you otherwise . 
  like you said in your own comment , our nutjobs are at least more sensible and the delusional part is something i could concede . 
  taking your own example of * bernard `` the american dream now belongs to argentina and venezuela '' sanders * is a clear case of absolute overstatement with disregard of recent developments , [ but at least it had some vague foundation in reality ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/07/20/latin-americas-middle-class-grows-but-in-some-regions-more-than-others/ ) . 
  to be fair , the electoral college sounds like a good idea on paper . 
  but thats sadly all it is , a good idea on paper . 
  as a lefty , i value a productive fight with the ( classical ) right wing and would not normally go to the point of calling them racist or bigoted . 
  but , as a right winger you kinda have to own the fact that your side let your nutjobs roam around unchecked for far to long . 
  now they have taken over your side and became a serious problem for everyone . 
  absolutely , and as soon there are 3 of them they will enact sharia law . 
  what ? 
  she runs for a conservative party , of course she 's center right  it 's nice to see at least some criticism from the left you are apparently new to german politics , the left never liked her and criticized her from the beginning . 
  relationship status : `` it 's complicated '', 
  its just bugs me every time i see it , because it propagates bad science that could potentially influence bad policies . 
  using helium-3 from the moon is moronic and is only really pushed by pop-sci articles . 
  deuterium and tritium reactors are far more effective , cheaper and most importantly , deuterium is easer to collect on earth than \u00b3 he on the moon . 
  plus they produce \u00b3 he as a waste product en masse , in case you still want to use it . 
  instead of one brown guy in the supermarket there are now 2 . 
  \u2191 \u2191 \u2193 \u2193 \u2190 \u2192 \u2190 \u2192 b a, 
  their approach is a bit different . 
  charlie hebdo focuses far more on controversy and sadly often forgets to add humor . 
  they do n't even need to use propaganda . 
  simply educating people how the eu actually works would effectively work against most of the anti-eu propaganda , since it prays mostly on ignorance . 
  arte goes exactly in this direction . 
  but sadly not many watch it even tough its one of the best stations worldwide in therms of quality . 
  sound like a lot of mental gymnastics , `` i want to abolish private insurance , so i vote the only party that wants create even more private insurance '' . 
   they are not better . 
  even worse my point . 
  without the grand area , they would rapidly gain power from other nations switching alliances , isolating europe and forcing it in the end to pick a side anyways . 
   it is morons all the way down . 
  the deepest insight one can have about politics is : there is no inner party . 
  our leaders are as incompetent as the appear . 
  then , good night grand area !, 
  good morning china and russia !, 
   i dont think so . 
  russia is a marginal force and the us is badly overstretched . 
  independence is quite likely as long as we dont start any stupid conflicts . 
  european independence in itself creates a direct conflict with the us and this conflict will be exploited as soon as possible by other powers , creating a political tug-of-war inside europe . 
   trump is not necessarily rational . 
  but trump is n't a dictator either , the political system is far more then just the president and is n't entirely made out of idiots . 
   not clear . 
  we have more human capital and gdp in terms of ppp than either of them . 
  the only problem would be challenges of unification . 
  yes , but the problem is that we would have to take on both of them at the same time , which would ruin europe in the long run . 
  choosing one side , no mater which , is more beneficially for europe than choosing none . 
  i would love to see a truly independent europe , but it simply unrealistic considering the current geopolitical situation . 
  the us leaving wo n't happen , because it would go directly against their national interests . 
  a split in the transatlantic alliance would open up the possibility of a eurasian hegemony , which would be a serious threat to the us . 
  the alternative , a block free neutral europe , trying to establish its own hegemony would result in a seriously weaker position then choosing one side and it would end up becomming a arena where the us and russia fight out their interests . 
  overall europe lies in a no win situation , we just choose the lesser evil and thats the us at the moment . 
  a small military has its use , especially when in combined efforts with other nations militaries . 
  but simply from a strategic perspective , boosting economic progress and advancing diplomatic leverage as a result , is a far more effective use of resources , at least for a country in a position like germany . 
  france suggested some time ago to share some of their warheads with germany , but the government declined and i fully support this decision . 
  but my point still stands , having an big powerful army is a waste of money , time and effort when your opponent will wipe it out anyways long before you have the chance to use it . 
  though any change in budget is almost meaningless against a nuclear power like russia , when it does n't include nuclear weapons or effective countermeasures against them . 
  actually there is n't much to check out ( except some good laughs ) , its a `` real '' party created by the satirical magazine titanic and is meant as a giant middle finger towards the current political system . 
  actually there is n't much to check out ( except some good laughs ) , its a `` real '' party created by the satirical magazine titanic and is meant as a giant middle finger towards the current political system . 
  german chiming in , even those germans who i know to be a bit right leaning , dislike the afd for their ridiculous plans and see merkel as the only possible and reasonable outcome at the moment ( even though they never liked her ) . 
  then how about die partei ? 
  the only actual protest party . 
  even the right wingers here think he 's an idiot and you have a hard time finding someone who believes he 's a suitable or even a leader worth of respect for any country , much less of a nuclear superpower . 
  europe is quite able to defend itself , but always relied on the us as a deterrent , especially against nuclear threats . 
  trumps stands towards the nato is jeopardising that relationship and forcing europe to become more independent , which will heavily hurt the usa since its economy and political system is heavily dependent on being the biggest global power and europe is key to that . 
  kim 's bullshit has little meaning to the rest of the world . 
  its all about internal power in north korea . 
  but having a short sighted baboon on the other side of the pacific that joins kim is his rhetoric could force him to deliver on his previously empty promises . 
  its not a big topic here , esp since we never had a full fledged war on drugs . 
  portugal apparently made some good experiences with decriminalizing all kinds of drugs and i expect the rest of europe to follow in the next couple years . 
  i have work on a semi regular basis with americans , i was in the us several times and i even got pretty good job offers there . 
  its a pretty good place for a vacation or if you are planing to make lots of money , but the culture always made me quite a bit uncomfortable . 
  i have yet to meet someone who seriously cares about it and while i personally think its an interesting question thats worth getting into , i do n't think it will change anything fundamentally . 
  i personally would be far more surprised if earth would be the only planet with life . 
  lol he 's a scumbag that is known for his toxic management style and regularly treats his workers like shit , its ridiculous to me that he is celebrated by the public as some form of benevolent savior . 
  the safety nets are one of the reasons we are able to compete with the us and china . 
  because central europe lacks natural recourses , has not a population big enough to just burn through generations of workers and has not enough power to control global markets , its completely dependent on the efficiency of its workforce for wealth generation . 
  and luckily most things like health care , education , social security , worker protection laws etc have a measurable positive effect on the efficiency of workers of a nation . 
  the cdu is still leading with some margin and the only possible alternative to the cdu/spd duet we had the last years is a coalition between the spd , greens and linke , which still looks unlikely to get enough votes to win . 
   first we need to see what happens in germany what do you expect to happen ? 
  everything points towards 4 more years merkel . 
  to get the birth rate of europeans up would require dramatical cultural and economic changes . 
  be it by giving less fucks about having a successful career , or not needing to fear that getting children will be a threat to your living standards . 
  another way is to promote other family structures then the nuclear family model . 
  because raising more then 1 or 2 kids with only 2 people is oftentimes such a pain in the ass that it discourages people from having more . 
  or you can go 3rd world style , by clubbing education , destroying social security , fighting against womens rights and promoting moral frameworks based on religion . 
  but do n't think you will gain a lot of support with that . 
   when the thing providing most of the mechanical power in machinery was a horse . 
  and yet a horse has on average about 0.3 hp . 
  it makes no sense , at all . 
   however , in day to day life , imperial is better mainly because i am more used to them this is the only argument you made so far in favor of your position that actually makes sense . 
  because you are used to it . 
  i need to use google or a calculator every time someone throws a length in imperial units at me , because i have absolute zero intuitive understanding how long for example 3 ' 6 are , but give me a rope and i will cut it with no problems into 1m long pieces that will be of by maybe 1cm . 
  one of the biggest buddhist temple outside of asia is in d\u00fcsseldorf and there are about 270k buddhists living here in germany . 
  they are typically viewed as pretty damn ok . 
  we should start to import more mexicans . 
  mexican food here is nothing compared to what i 've got the last time i was on the other side of the pond . 
  its a crying shame that its mostly ignored by the wider audience , because its offers such high quality content . 
  i think it was hagen rether said something like : `` i do n't like normal tv , it makes me feel smart .
