  and also for norway . 
  but our countries probably have the world 's best unions . 
  same in norway , hot on the left . 
  exactly !, 
  it 's the counties around oslo , which are neither in the west , the very south , the middle or the north . 
  maybe not a very intuitive name :p, 
  maybe i 'm just uninformed , but i 'm not really very familiar with it . 
  stereotypically it 's a pretty tr\u00f8ndersk thing , though , do n't you agree ? 
  maybe i just do n't know the right people , but i do n't really think it 's common in my part of norway ( eastern ) . 
  i 've never tasted it . 
   we have 1170 historic windmills that 's a very specific stereotype !, 
  not at all . 
  here it 's more polite not to disturbe everyone by talking . 
  hm , if we 're thinking all time , it might be [ take on me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djv11xbc914 ) ? 
  or if we go by youtube views , [ the fox ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jofnr_wkoce ) :p as a non-native it 's hard for me to say anything meaningful about their accents . 
  winter sports in general . 
  we 're leading the all-time olympic winter games medal table , even though we 're a small country of 5 million people . 
  cross country is probably our number one discipline at the time , which was recently demonstrated at the nordic world ski championship . 
  we 've also been pretty good at handball lately . 
  if so he can join the norwegian military , we have a special deal for our brothers in the west , 
  how about getting the netherlands instead of russia ? 
   closed containers above 3,5 % abv ( systembolaget ) : 20 that 's much stricter than in norway . 
  here you can be up to 22 % when you 're 18 . 
  hehe . 
  i 'm no expert on this , but i think the number of wolves is much higher now than it was 10 or 20 years ago . 
  take into consideration that the wolves are concentrated in a small area of norway , and it 's understandable that some farmers do n't like the situation . 
  that 's not happening . 
  the tradition is for the farmers to release their sheep freely in the mountains in spring , and then collect what 's left of them in autumn . 
  this is great use of resources , as they eat grass that would otherwise be left untouched . 
  but we also take hiking pretty seriously , so putting up large fences all over our mountains is out of the question . 
  in norway we have our own version of it as our `` king 's song '' . 
  the first line is `` gud sign v\u00e5r konge god '' . 
  no , not really . 
  13 percent smoke daily , 9 percent occasionally . 
  i have a feeling facebook is more common here . 
  i think my older ( grandparent generation ) relatives are the only one i know who does n't have it . 
  lol , if they do it , maybe i follow . 
  never had that problem , but i guess i 'd try the good , old mms . 
  edit : but i do n't think you need facebook to use messenger anymore . 
  i do n't know , but why stop using facebook messenger after all these years ? 
  i use facebook messenger . 
  never heard of anyone using whatsapp in norway . 
  i literally ca n't think of anything :(, 
  agree , but also nrk ( state television and radio ) . 
  sometimes , yes , and it 's up to the context to decide if they mean the usa or the americas . 
  pretty much exclusively usa ( pronounced in norwegian ) here . 
  legal and mostly acceptable . 
  i do n't do it if there are children around . 
  well , in the bigger cities there are huge cars sweeping and sometimes flushing the streets at night . 
  and norway ? 
  i do n't ( i 'm currently a student living in a 200k city ) . 
  i would probably buy one if i started working and moved to a smaller place . 
  but my parents have a bmw i3 and a suzuki grand vitara , as well as an older suzuki baleno as backup . 
  i have no idea how controversial this definition is , but wikipedia says :  millennials ( also known as generation y , generation me , echo boomers , and peter pan generation ) are the demographic cohort following generation x. 
  there are no precise dates for when this cohort starts or ends ; demographers and researchers typically use the early 1980s as starting birth years and ending birth years ranging from the mid-1990s to early 2000s . 
  not just close , you 're absolutely a millennial   millennials ( also known as generation y , generation me , echo boomers , and peter pan generation ) are the demographic cohort following generation x. 
  there are no precise dates for when this cohort starts or ends ; demographers and researchers typically use the early 1980s as starting birth years and ending birth years ranging from the mid-1990s to early 2000s . 
  it 's a pretty day in trondheim , norway . 
  not a cloud in sight , with the temperature just above 0 c. no snow . 
  edit : [ the forecast looks decent . 
  but homo sapiens remains the wisest species ever , do n't you think ? 
  of course !, 
  i would say practically everyone knows at least the first verse . 
  do you mean that there is some interest for that in norway ? 
  i have n't noticed that . 
  i took a few minutes and try to make [ one for norway ] ( http://i.imgur.com/a2yai1s.jpg ) . 
  this is the reason we do n't have roadside ads in norway . 
  i 'm a sucker for indo-european . 
  no , it was in summer . 
  is public drinking illegal in finland ? 
  one time i was there we passed through a park completely filled with hundreds of finns getting drunk . 
  very uncommon in norway , and i think only a few places accept euros . 
  some gas stations ( ? ), 
  and some very touristy shops , at least as far as i know . 
  summer olympics - very popular winter olympics - extremely popular, 
  not in anyone 's home , no . 
  but my grandmother tells that it was common earlier ( before the war , i suppose ) . 
  i answered the survey , but i 'm not really sure if i understood it entirely . 
  i never convert money , i just withdraw the local currency from atms . 
  but to be honest , more and more often i just use my debit card for payment , even when abroad . 
  i do n't know about the disturbing part , but it had something to do with to many danes in the school corridors , yes :p, 
  i 'm not really familiar with it , but it 's some kind of drama focusing on the lives of a group of normal norwegian teenagers . 
  maybe others can elaborate . 
  widely popular , first in norway , then in denmark and sweden , and also somewhat in others countries , from what i understand . 
  recently , the teenager tv show skam . 
  they had to close the high school the characters attend to because the danes kept disturbing teachers and students . 
   i would be willing to defend all of the eu countries personally . 
  united states , canada and turkey not so much . 
  what about uk and norway ? 
  yes !, 
  at least the first names are easy . 
  though i 'm not sure how cene should be said . 
  we always have fun trying to pronounce prevc !, 
  sorry to crush your dreams , but it does n't really rhyme !, 
  it 's like d\u00e1niel andr\u00e9 t\u00e1nde , if you know what i mean . 
  what 's wrong with daniel 's name ? 
  a tiny country with great skijumpers !, 
  both are measured in inches in norway . 
  in norwegian we say `` vi ` kke '' for `` vil ikke '' , `` ha ` kke '' for `` har ikke '' , `` kan ` ke '' for `` kan ikke '' , and so on . 
  do you guys say the same ?
