  well , bars are still open  and sweden !, 
  when to buy alcohol in norway during easter : monday until 8pm tuesday until 8pm wednesday until 6pm thursday closed friday closed saturday until 3pm sunday closed monday closed, 
  i doubt i would like it in troms or finnmark , maybe except troms\u00f8 . 
  it seems so empty . 
  we are n't as close . 
  the border is only in the far north , and we share less history , language , etc. 
  but maybe someone from northern norway would answer differently . 
  yeah probably, 
  best quality of sweden : we both dislike danes best quality of denmark : we both dislike swedes, 
  probably bergen with its old , wooden houses , nicknamed `` the city between the seven mountains '' . 
  \u00c5lesund also looks pretty good . 
  oh , please , do you always have to be so negative ? 
  only the norwegian names !, 
  til fyn is funen in english . 
  if you really believe so , i guess it 's okay . 
  do n't you think the most powerful office in the world is a little too important to be left to the most enteraining candidate ? 
  we have nice beaches several places in norway , like j\u00e6ren og lofoten . 
  however , they 're not very hot . 
  almost every day . 
  it 's not very economic , but it 's sooo convenient . 
  i 'm just a southerner , but as far as i know , it 's true . 
  99 % of the time , socks . 
  1 % of the time , nothing . 
  21 degrees today . 
  i did fine . 
  an infiltrating swede ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm glad the swan 's lawyer says that this is n't over . 
  the news this morning were shocking : / i mean , it 's just a few days since they postponed his execution two weeks . 
  wow , that 's insane even for norway . 
  why did you edit away you drunk spelling :(, 
  when i lived in trondheim i used to shop at coop extra , rema 1000 or bunnpris . 
  now i shop at kiwi or coop mega ( my old workplace , yay !, 
  yeah , i see what you mean . 
  it 's `` tri '' in my dialect to , but i must admit i often say `` tre '' , even though i 'm sure the person i 'm speaking to would understand . 
  it 's almost impossible for me to imagine that people do not understand `` tri '' and `` adle '' with context and everything . 
  makes me a little embarrassed , but i 'm sure it 's true . 
  correct !, 
  i 'm from ringebu . 
  the difference between the ringebu dialect and the neighboring one to the south - \u00d8yer - is 1st person plural , which is `` vi '' there . 
  the difference to the north ( s\u00f8r-fron ) is the masculine 3rd person singular , which there would be h\u00e6nn ( though this form is somewhat used where i 'm from too ) . 
  where are you from , and what words did people find difficult ? 
   does your language have recognizable dialects ? 
  yes . 
  the country is divided into four main dialectal areas ( eastern , western , tr\u00f8ndersk , northern ) , and each of the areas consist of numerous different dialects , often changing every few kms . 
  i can most often pin-point someone down to + - 10 km in the area i 'm from . 
   are they still used widely or kind of declining ? 
  like any other place the dialects are getting more similar , but dialect use is encouraged in literally any setting and people are generally proud of their dialects . 
   how large can be the difference between the standard language and local dialects ? 
  understanding other dialects should n't be difficult for a native speaker who wants to understand , but this is largely because everyone is disposed to other dialects a lot . 
   do you speak a special regional variety of your country 's language ? 
  tell more about it !, 
  maybe i can tell later , have to go now  edit : ok , i 'm ready . 
  i made a table out of all the pronouns in norwegian bokm\u00e5l and my local dialect . 
  norwegians are free to guess where i 'm from !, 
  | | norw . 
  like most other kids ( at least the boys ) , i played for the local football club from i was around 7 . 
  i quit when i was 15 . 
  i never had the talent and dedication needed to be a pro ( or a decent amateur ) . 
  drinking in bars is extremely expensive , so we tend to drink a lot at home , then go out , realize it 's too expensive , and go back home and continue drinking . 
  very not weird here . 
  according to wikipedia , it 's been veterandagen ( as well ) since 2011 . 
  we have 8 may , liberation day , which has been rebranded as veterans ' day . 
  [ grandiosa ] ( http://www.grandiosa.no/var/ezflow_site/storage/images/companies/orkla-foods-nordic/stabburet-sites/grandiosa/site-specifics/om-grandiosa/grandiosa-original/2374306-1-nor-no/grandiosa-original_grandiosa_article_img.png ) !, 
   in scandinavia we have nobe do we , though ? 
  maybe i 'm the ignorant one , but i have n't heard of it . 
  uh , they are n't . 
  our media often claims that they 're the second worst in europe , after albania . 
  yes , it 's quite popular . 
  made my day yesterday 1000 times better . 
  edit : i watch as much as i can , but generally i miss most of it due to work . 
  maybe it could work . 
  it has already been proposed to raise the age limit with one year per year , to not take the privilege away from people who are old enough now , while at the same time prevent the young ones from being allowed to start . 
  i remember the morning obama was elected , back in 2008 . 
  my mother cried because she was so happy . 
  nowadays she can barely stand watching the news . 
  well , that settles it . 
    but consider the term `` standard \u00f8stnorsk ''  which does n't exist weird , given https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_%c3%b8stnorsk . 
  really interesting for a language spoken in such a vast area . 
  in many parts of norway you can literally hear which village or town a person is from , and i suspect it is the same in several other european countries . 
  i used to prefer whatever made the taste milder , i.e. , anything with milk etc. 
  in it . 
  but after i starting drinking daily , i drink it black , like i believe most other daily drinkers here . 
  i see . 
  i chose to start studying instead of going to the military when i was done with videreg\u00e5ende . 
  probably would have chose differently today . 
  i agree . 
  there are no pronunciation rules for norwegian , and dialect use is heavily encouraged in nearly all situations ( the only exception i can think of is nrk 's news ? 
  you plan to study at ntnu ? 
  sure , i know that . 
  but consider the term `` standard \u00f8stnorsk '' and the fact that such a dialect is used by one or two million people , and it makes sense at least to mention it . 
  we seldom talk about accents in norwegian , we talk about dialects . 
  if there is a standard one it is the one known from the oslo area , which is very similar to written bokm\u00e5l . 
  i agree with the liberals ( venstre ) when it comes to quite a few issues , but as long as they will continue supporting progress ( fremskrittspartiet ) and the conservatives ( h\u00f8yre ) , voting for them is out of the question . 
  so i 'm not sure , maybe labour ( arbeiderpartiet ) ? 
  everything north of trondheim is east of arendal . 
  ( but i know what you mean . ), 
  how is that possible for a city with such a cute name ? 
  i see , thanks for the answer . 
  but if you want to fire someone for one of those things you can just refuse to give a reason ?
