yet you kinda like egypt, 
  when in doubt , pull a putin !, 
  and if it gets boring it 's really easy to checkout helsinki for a day or two . 
  kaunas is lovely too, 
  hell , i studied it at school and even with explanations it was pure gibberish, 
  his social commentary very often just sounds like that of an easily impressible college `` freedom fighter '' that knows nothing about the situation he 's talking about . 
  you can see it in his commentary here , his overly emotional and illogical stand on the israeli-palestinian conflict and as the parent comment mentioned , his choice of words on the dispute in the south chinese sea . 
  he just often seems like he simply does n't have enough enough knowledge to comment about stuff and chooses to still comment out of some gut feeling he has . 
  that 's a problem when there are so many people waiting to take every word he says as an absolute truth . 
  never heard of it , what happened there ? 
  my parents studied it in soviet ukraine in the 70s . 
  i remember my experience with the israeli embassy in berlin . 
  they did n't speak german . 
  there was one german women who did n't speak english and needed help , luckily she spoke russian and i spoke russian and hebrew , so i was able to translate . 
  for 20 minutes or so i was on a diplomatic mission . 
  they also did n't accept israeli credit cards . 
  ended up giving me a free passport because of it ( instead of something like 200e for fines and emergency passport ) , so all of the incompetence is forgotten . 
  the decline and fall ? 
  you can find irony in many places by dismissing context, 
   seriously fuck israel and saudi arabia . 
  they are both more deserving of sanctions than iran has ever been . 
  iran is no white swan and the sanctions were absolutely not uncalled for . 
  and while israel did have fair share of trouble making , i do n't see it as anywhere near as poisonous as iran . 
  edit : egh , just seen the username . 
  typical and disgusting . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  going to lapland from helsinki is already significantly cheaper by plane, 
  you did n't know that there are people who believe in god in europe ? 
  well , if they go really crazy they can keep printing euros . 
  they have the printing machines ready to go if they decide to go funky . 
  i can only imagine how israel will act towards the ahvenanmaa situation though, 
  that would surely make for one interesting social experiment . 
  i 'd replace israel with sweden so i could be closer to my family and further from sweden, 
  i agree , it really depends on your usage . 
  for cooking i just use the cheap brands , as the difference is next to non . 
  but i like sometimes just dipping bread in nice olive oil . 
  then the difference between the cheap brands and the good stuff is veryy visible . 
  i lived most of my life in israel , so i would say i have a mediterranean taste ... 
  i had a very good experience with italian olive oil , but i only got to taste pretty expensive ones . 
  the worse olive oil i tasted was from a druze village in israel . 
  it had a radioactive colour and an extremely unpleasant strong taste . 
  i 'm just surprised tsipras would call for a referendum when he 's a naysayer and the majority is n't . 
  so there is a `` yes '' majority ? 
  surprising . 
  is a state of emergency declared in greece ? 
  history classes in israel make special care to give a lot of credit to czechoslovakia for the weapon shipments made during the independence war . 
  well , he mentioned `` a large involvement '' . 
  suggesting that jews had over-representation in the slave trade , and i would also like to see any proof for that as i 've never heard of this . 
  getting a second passport as a kind of insurance is sort of a public sport in israel , so i would expect a lot of people trying to get the pretty desirable spanish one . 
  on another note , i have a polish-jewish great grandfather , gib passport pl0x, 
  this will make for the most exciting episode in `` suomen tulli '', 
  mom 's pelmeni, 
   but we share language roots , culture and a common history . 
  it 's true for like , half of the countries in europe . 
  i * am * a non-eu immigrant and i 'm against non-eu immigration ( for the uneducated , poor and depended population at least ) . 
  do you mean western russia ? 
  i feel the pain , my family is from ukraine and has been hosting many friends from there over their place . 
  they are all very depressed by the current situation and are full of heart breaking stories . 
  but i believe ukraine will rise , and one day , hopefully , western europeans will laugh about ukrainian products , north europeans will laugh about ukrainians stealing their money and italians on / r/europe will ask `` how did ukraine manage to fight corruption so well ? '', 
  if ukraine will end up being the next poland i would consider it a great success . 
  from the point of view of an ex-israeli : `` culturally '' european is a bit far fetched . 
  it was the situation long time ago , but by now the european population in israel is less than 50 % and the attempts of pushing the european culture on the middle-eastern majority has only worked to a certain degree . 
  it 's not saudi arabia over there , but it 's not such a naturally european country as some israelis would like to portray it . 
  other than that , there are some obvious ... habits ... of the state of israel that do not align at all with the way ( i think ) an eu country should act . 
  and that 's without even discussing the fact it 's not in europe and does n't border any european countries . 
  so ... no . 
  as much as i would like my home country to be a part of the union , i do n't see it happening and i do n't think it would be the correct decision for neither of the sides . 
  [ what will you say when your child asks : why did n't you invest in ~ ~ eastern poland ~ ~ ukraine ? 
  ] ( http://pbs.twimg.com/media/a5snrvbcaaad19g.jpg ), 
  those damn tourists stealing our jobs and raping our women !, 
   maybe romania ( i do n't remember if it was conquered yet ) not yet ( : it was conquered by trajan a bit later during the dacian wars . 
  egh , i 'm a jew and i lived in israel most of my life . 
  it 's alright place , but it 's not better than finland or austria . 
  yeah , the military spending and the tendency to try and micromanage the economy with bizarre regulations are really standing between israel and becoming one of the most developed countries in the world . 
  i lived in israel almost all of my life , it 's developed that 's for sure but i do n't think israel gives a real fight against countries like finland and austria . 
  the main reason the hdi in israel is so high is because of the very high life expectancy ( second in the world if i 'm not mistaken ), 
  yeah , and israel ranking above austria and finland seems ... wrong . 
  growing up on israel i read the hebrew bible and studied it from an historical and atheistic point of view for around 12 years . 
  can confirm it 's an extremely interesting subject if approached correctly !, 
  it will be an economical loss for sure , but i think that looking at it in a purely economical point of view is a bit wrong . 
  fins will have a way to get to mainland europe extremely quickly , which is a big bonus you can hardly put a price tag on . 
  if the tunnel will allow estonians to commute to finland it might be worth it to the estonians as they could bring capital from helsinki back to estonia, 
  so you 're appropriately brainwashed . 
  better ? 
  honestly , november and early december are the worse . 
  once snow comes it gets better imo but those slushy grey months would be better spent sleeping, 
  any by systematically bombing the only organization ( which is not even officialy pkk , mind you ) in the area that tries to protect this `` plethora '' of groups , on the cost of unaligned kurdish lives , turkey has declared it 's intentions very clearly . 
  it does not want any kurdish power operating close to them , even when this power has nothing to do with turkey . 
  born and raised in israel , and i can smell bulshit middle-eastern politics from a mile away . 
  turning a blind eye to daesh thugs entering kobani to massacare kurds is hardly a message against pkk as much as it is against kurds in general . 
  turkey systematically attempt to stop any kurdish progress in syria , even in cost of many human lives , to the point where the claim that they are `` just at war with pkk '' is almost absurd, 
  tell that to turkey , they seemed to miss that memo, 
  fair enough !, 
  why not , if i may ask ? 
  is there any significant difference ? 
  i 've been to the red sea ( * gulf of aqaba ) few dozen times and loved it , have i missed anything by not going the few extra miles and reach the red sea proper ? 
  selective much ? 
  what about israel and jordan ? 
  both of which are ( fairly ) stable countries with beautiful touristic cities right by the red sea ? 
  there are other countries with access to the red sea with less to none of the issues egypt is facing ...
