they 've had the support of society for the past 17 years and have been contributing to it , not leeching . 
  but now the mayor wanted to make one of his rich friends a favour . 
  and the citizens are n't happy about this, 
  wanting the right to decide is n't whining, 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  a vote of yay/nay did n't cover all issues . 
  the constitution can be reformed ( it has been done before ) , and a referendum to see if spain wants a monarchy or not is needed . 
  some videos : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpxskcgrs7a https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvvlgwe60gq and some photos : http://imgur.com/a/07ejf, 
  both sides use violence , and it 's not okay either way . 
  we both know how the police largely ignores protocols like wearing visible identification for complaints and all that . 
  there 's also the thing about some `` violent protestors '' being actually policemen . 
  and police officers gang up on 200 pacific protesters and force them to identify themselves while taking photos of them in hoods and masks which they did n't bring to make them appear more violent . 
  the situation here is very tense . 
  official reports say that the police reacts to violent protesters , but that is far from the truth . 
  they sneak police officers that start behaving violently as to be able to repress the protesters . 
  it 's the police who initiates the brutality , which goes towards anyone in their way . 
  they even continue using rubber balls , which have caused many people in past protests to lose an eye ( for which they get no compensation and the government denies everything ) . 
  this article does n't show any of the photos of police brutality we 've been having . 
  a 60 year old man has had his arm broken , two fingers and another one smashed open . 
  concussions and bleedings because of police hitting hard with batons are common too, 
  well , cup and jxsi did n't have the same kind of plan for independence either , but they are both pro independence . 
  not being pro does n't mean being anti , it infuriates me that people are saying `` 52 % of catalans voted against '' when it clearly is n't so . 
  it 's equally wrong to say that 74 % of catalans voted yes because only 26 % voted the clear no . 
  i hope the referendum can be done soon and there 's a way to settle this . 
  and that 's why psc ca n't really be counted with the no group as they do want to negotiate all this . 
  no got 26 %, 
  if we go by population they got 10 million out of the 47 million spaniards there are , 35,7 million of which could vote . 
  that means they have the support of 44 % of the electorate or 15,7 million spaniards , which is 33 % of the population . 
  on the other hand , independentists have gotten 47 % of the votes , 1,9 million votes of a population of 7,5 million , which is a 25 % of the population and 34 % of the total electorate . 
  the numbers are n't that far off but we have to remember this still was n't a referendum , which is what is needed to once and for all settle this ( for a short time ), 
  that 's simply not true , only 26 % ( 39 % if we count the psc ) have voted for a no , and 47 % have voted for a yes . 
  the rest are neutral so you do n't get to count them for the no side . 
  edit : no need to downvote me , not being for yes does n't mean being for no . 
  the neutral parties , including psc are mostly in favour of negotiations with spain and a referendum . 
  the only clear `` no `` s are pp and c , which sum 26 %, 
  our current spanish government is governing with absolute majority having 10/47 of the spanish population 's votes . 
  47 % yes over 26-39 % no sounds like an overwhelming support to me ... 
  since when do you need over 50 % ? 
  as far as i remember spain is currently being governed with absolute majority by a party that got 10 million votes out of 47 million inhabitants . 
  the turnout for the yes here has been higher than that , and in our system neutral votes go towards the majority vote . 
  what i agree with is that catalans do n't want immediate secession , i think what we want is for spain to give us that goddam binding referendum that lets us decide once and for all . 
  even counting psc it 's 39 % , still lower than the 47 % yes , and we should n't because psc is more for negotiations with spain to give as much independence as possible while staying in spain , it 's not the same no as pp and c, 
  no , only 26 % was positioned for the no , 47 % for yes and the rest are neutrals and thus counted towards the majority, 
  it 's not like that . 
  cup and jxsi are pro-independence and sum 47,8 % of votes , and only pp and ciutadans are anti-independence , and sum 26 % . 
  the rest of the parties are neither for nor against , and are like the psc pro-negotiation . 
  the yes has clearly won over the no, 
  if catalonia secedes , we wo n't be bound by the spanish constitution anymore , but spain has to still uphold the constitution because they wo n't accept that catalonia is now another nation . 
  the only way they can enforce that point is by recognising catalonia as a nation that has seceded from them , and do n't think the rest of europe is going to react kindly if the military gets involved . 
  it 's in the constitution , nobody can take away your spanish citizenship once you have it, 
  but , spain ca n't take away the spanish citizenship of catalonia 's population . 
  there 's no way for catalonia to be outside of the eu without spain recognising catalonia as a new state , which they wo n't , and even then all catalans born till now would still have spanish nationality and thus be europeans . 
  it 's not that clear and cut that if catalonia secedes we 're out of the eu . 
  but we 'll all still have the spanish nationality , because spain ca n't take that away as it 's in the constitution . 
  so we 'll all still be technically spaniards and thus europeans, 
  spain ca n't take our spanish nationality even if they recognise catalonia as a new land , so we 'll still be europeans after all . 
  nope , only unofficially . 
  to be able to do like you said the person that lives abroad would have to come to spain to sign the permission papers, 
  rivera says gay marriage should n't be called marriage  `` no creemos , sin embargo , que estas uniones deban ser llamadas `` matrimonios '' ? . 
  http://archivo.dosmanzanas.com/index.php/archives/1335c voting against an lgbt anti-discrimination law http://www.cascaraamarga.es/politica-lgtb/lgtb-espana/12180-pp-y-ciudadanos-votan-en-contra-del-plan-municipal-contra-la-homofobia-en-malaga.html voting against a law that protects women from violence because they do n't believe in feminism http://www.levante-emv.com/valencia/2015/10/30/ciudadanos-abstiene-mocion-violencia-machista/1334794.html abstain from a vote to remove one of franco 's medals http://www.eldiario.es/aragon/politica/pp-abstencion-cs-franco-calatayud_0_446906147.html trying to make gallician an unofficial language http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2015/10/29/actualidad/1446113753_728952.html, 
  i 'm sure there 's more to it . 
  from declarations where rivera says gay marriage should n't be called marriage , to them voting against an lgbt anti-discrimination law , to voting against a law that protects women from violence because they do n't believe in feminism , to abstain from a vote to remove one of franco 's medals ( vote that failed because of this ) , or trying to make gallician an unofficial ( it is like catalan in catalonia an official language right now ) language in galicia . 
  and many more . 
  c always sides with the right wing parties . 
  they did so in madrid , with esperanza aguirre , and in murcia and la rioja . 
  every time they had the power to choose between right and left , they chose right . 
  in the parliament , they 've been voting the exact same initiatives as the pp . 
  their economic policy is right wing . 
  they sided with pp to make our medical system inaccessible to illegal immigrants . 
  they want to increase taxes on first-necessity products to lower it in other areas ( effectively making living for poor people harder ) . 
  never , when they have been in position to change the outcome of the vote , have they voted for something leftist . 
  they just are n't center and it 's sad to see so many people believe them when they say they are . 
  podemos-iu ( they went together here in catalonia ) . 
  i think we 'll have another election , i ca n't really see these parties working together nor a party daring to win by simple majority as they would n't be able to do much by themselves . 
  69 seats, 
  there 's a website that made that here . 
  people who are here in spain but want to abstain can sign up to be a proxy for a vote from someone outside of spain, 
  c is not centre at all , they just claim to be . 
  they 've been voting exactly the same in parliament as the pp for years and now people believe they are centre , it 's nuts . 
  god awful here too , we had 58 % voter base voting and the majority of that are the old people, 
  yep , and that 's why pp has the most loyal voters , while other parties fragment their voter base often, 
  the independence movement has always existed in catalonia . 
  it 's just that the current situation ( and spain 's reaction to the rise of independentists ) has led to many people that were in the `` i do n't care camp '' ( or `` it 's bad but it 's better to have it be bad and know it , than having it be good without knowing '' , a fear of change ) to jump over to `` fuck yes let 's get away from this '' . 
  jxsi do their own process towards independence , but not an udi , and get support from cup and thus majority if mas does n't become president, 
  so what ? 
  votes that are neutral are not for independence . 
  what you all seem to overlook is that those votes are n't against it either . 
  counting the vote as 52 % against is just as wrong as if we say it 's 74 % in favor because only 26 % is against, 
  i personally hope neither of them makes it to presidency and fresh air blows into moncloa . 
  i fear c will get there though ... 
   this is what i wanted to hear . 
  you nationalist would n't accept a legal referendum . 
  you want your referendum , made by your criteria to ensure you win it . 
  that 's why many people laugh out loud when nationalist say they 're democrats . 
  what part of it being decided by an impartial party like the un did n't you understand ? 
  i just do n't believe the spanish parliament is sufficiently neutral for this right now . 
  see , i do n't agree that the sovereignty resides with the spanish people here , but the catalan people . 
  i believe in the right of self-determination of a region . 
  though i feel this would n't be a problem with a willing government . 
  i 'd also not feel comfortable with the parliament deciding the parameters for it to pass , but i 'd maybe be open for an external neutral organism like the un ( just an example ) to do so .
