bless you , comrade !, 
  i can see spain doing a 180 and blocking an independent scotland from joining the eu . 
  it 'll be a huge blow to them if scotland gains independence . 
  ahhh okay , thanks for the clear up . 
  did n't they allow turkey freedom of movement ? 
  what makes them more viable than england ? 
  turkey keeping more refugees ? 
  yeah it 's ridiculous . 
  its almost like they want to see a country turn to shit and for people to struggle just to prove that they were right . 
  ... what ? 
  not at all . 
  i 'm slightly in favor of remain . 
  it was on the brink of collapse three years ago , and just a year ago it was nearly forced to abandon free healthcare for all , hospitals are massively underequipped , and death rates for people with serious illness and injuries are much higher than the average country , turkey and portugal even do better in most areas there . 
  wow , are you really getting mad over this ? 
  maybe you need something better to do with your time . 
  i 'll fancy you anyway arguments for leaving : 1 ) . 
  england the ability to have control over their national direction again , given 2 ) . 
  the ability to avoid brussels seemingly recent disasterous decisions , especially involving greece and migrants 3 . ), 
  the most overlooked point , the eu has been putting off much needed reform in favor of keeping a failing status quo . 
  jump off the sinking ship argument when you can may apply here, 
  nice counter argument . 
  not at all , the healthcare system in the uk is one of the worst in the western world , the wage gap is insane , housing costs are high , unemployment is also high , and it 's economy was n't exactly doing great . 
  the uk was nowhere near it 's most prosperous, 
  this is not at all about terrorism , it 's about jumping off a sinking ship . 
  now , i 'm not pro leave , but it 's obvious that the eu has been struggling so much recently , the uk is just taking it 's first oppurtunity out . 
  sure , terrorism does play a role , but not nearly as big of a role as lets say the eurozone crisis . 
  to be fair , the other system was n't really working out for them . 
  i agree , so many independence movements in countries like belgium , spain and italy , so many far right movements in countries like france , austria and sweden , i do n't think the eu will prosper . 
  well , hopefully this inspires the eu to reform instead of seeing it collapse . 
  if it collapses , rip europe as a major world player . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  why is this brought up ? 
  same here . 
  insults and attacks does n't help them get sympathy from people torn between the issue or people on the other side, 
  pathetic attempt to try and cover up your obvious view of this situation through a narrow lens . 
  you 're what 's wrong with the world today , can never accept points from the opposing side of any arguments , if anyone disagrees with you , all of their points must be wrong . 
  in an attempt to be snobbish , you just portrayed yourself as ignorant . 
  nice . 
  soon it will only be serbia and the balkans countries in the eu . 
  and then yugoslavia will form once more . 
  if not for the flag i 'd assume you were a brit lol, 
  there are legitimate arguments for both sides . 
  try not to look at this with so much bias . 
  well , one of the main reasons they voted no is because they were told it would be hard to rejoin the eu . 
  maybe the eu takes a different strategy with them now . 
  no , probably here in the us . 
  most people here are n't aware of it, 
  well at least our future is pretty stable here . 
  things look wacky depending where you are in europe, 
  to be fair this is much higher than the uk general election turnout was, 
  do europeans use incidents from the first two world wars to insult each other ?? 
  if so , i really want to move to europe lol, 
  i 'd think there 'd be calls for another referendum around the corner , and i 'd think scotland would leave if the eu makes it easier for them to join this time . 
  i 'm not watching since the heat have 0 picks in this draft lol, 
  sorry , excuse my american ignorance lol, 
  never too late to join freedomtm, 
  the majority of which go to nearby countries . 
  the majority of refugees in europe are n't iraqis or syrians . 
  seems like a record high to me, 
  the population of a nation should n't have to struggle because of the decisions of a few rich snobs . 
  with or without britain , iraq is going to be shithole anyway because of the us invading . 
  britain not joining in would n't have made a huge difference there, 
  is spain 's voting regions nearly as fragmented as england 's ? 
  relax , they 're just a bit on edge , i imagine everyone is a little stressed out right now . 
  it 's like the liberal vs. conservative arguments we see in america , only the consequences here are much larger than anything we 've ever seen in a while . 
  there is really nothing britain can do about the causes of refugees now . 
  they need to focus on themselves as a country and their own people before they focus on other people . 
  really ? 
  did n't know that about the bailouts . 
  britain has never been a country who got themsleves involved with europe much , unless absolutely needed . 
  maybe it 's just a national identity thing ? 
  i 'm not for the leave side , but it seems like the two main points are a ) they do n't have to pay for the mistakes of other countries like spain , portugal , greece , ect . 
  b ) it gives them control of their own destinies again , free to choose a direction they want their nation to take , instead of much of it being determined by belgium/germany/france . 
  look at the migrant issue , britain wants little part in helping migrants , but belgium and germany are trying their best to force it upon them, 
  makes no sense to me . 
  we are never focused on the rest of the world lol . 
  i agree with the united europe part , but i 'm sort of hoping for leave , because the eu will never unite under the way it 's run now , if britain leaves , that 'll show the eu that major changes are needed, 
  second time , gibraltar was the first to vote and voted overwhelmingly to stay, 
  yeah seems like it would go back to being isolated like it was when spain was ruled by franco , would really be awful for them, 
  i 'm just surprised that so many people in northern ireland voted to leave . 
  i thought it would have been remain easily, 
  do n't forget about poor old gibraltar . 
  i 'm surprised that northern ireland is so on board with leaving , the way people put it , was that england was the only part of the uk that wanted out, 
  this is crazy ... 
  well , either way i 'm not proud of america 's past at all . 
  i love this country , buy i do n't take faith in committing mass genocide . 
  i 'm proud that we helped stop japan and germany and a few other things we 've done but for the most part , i 'm not proud of our past . 
  italy =\\ = rome, 
  100 % agree with you . 
  our imperialist past is nothing to be proud of, 
  they raped , killed , and enslaved hundreds of thousands of people . 
  nothing to be proud of . 
  that would be a smart idea . 
  i do n't think it would ever fly with the lower class people who do n't have much money sadly, 
  using mental illness in an argument ? 
  nice . 
  also , as i said before , dgu can be as simple as pulling out your gun and fending a criminal off . 
  most criminals will run after seeing a firearm , it 's not worth it to rob or assault someone if the chance of getting shot is there . 
  1 in 2000 is not that unbelievable . 
  i do n't know if this is as prevalent in europe , but in america , our poorer inner city areas are filled with gang violence .
