same, 
  welcome to the club dad, 
  but no one is getting there wwi education from battlefield, 
  riot simulator 2017 will be a hit, 
  at my cousins elementary schools ( grades k-5 ) one in alabama the other in oklahoma the general rule was if you hit a kid or especially a teacher you 'd get you 're self sent to the principals office and you would ether get a ruler across the wrist or a belt across the backside . 
  i grew up in oregon and corporal punishment had been banned in public schools by the time i came through but you always heard stories about the catholic school kids getting the belt or a paddle . 
  nations calling others cucks , what a time to be alive, 
  is it common to get pulled over for only going that much over ? 
  in the us it 's uncommon to get pulled over for going less than 10 over , a common phrase in cop circles is `` 9 you 're fine 10 you 're mine '', 
  i certainly do , it would be great if we stopped wasting money defending countries that do n't care about us . 
  it makes a good headline, 
  i 've never interacted with anyone like that, 
  not really surprising to me , generally americans do n't start drinking until college ( 18-22 ), 
  you could say a lot of this tread screams of `` i 'm european let me do what i want '', 
  here they are known as another country that mexicans come from, 
  got ta crack some eggs to make an omelette, 
  we 've all been chip with each other since gangs of new york times, 
  it took them eleven letters until they gave up and added the plus, 
  what 's the reason most left, 
  do n't worry i 'll jump in at the end, 
  denmark is justifying war goals against germany, 
  find me a commie regime that was n't totalitarian, 
  it 's filled with cattle , empty coal mines , and empty coal mines being converted into natural gas operations . 
  it only exists when you go down the anti capitalist focus tree, 
  i 'd assume he is at his computer, 
  do n't make fun of connor mcgregor ? 
  along with the majority of america, 
  but it 's fun to walk into the gas station and look at the county booking log to see if anyone from high school is in there, 
  free speech is n't there to protect popular speech . 
  popular speech does n't need protecting , it 's for protecting controversial speech, 
  i read slaughterhouse 5 for all 4 of my high school final book reports . 
  i probably only read it through once though, 
  the issues with phrases like `` goes against our fellow humans dignity '' is that there is n't a set definition of what `` a humans dignity '' is . 
  when you make laws and rules based off phrases like that that have a very wide definition we get into a dangerous place . 
  what names can you call someone that are fine , and what ones violate human dignity . 
  what words are you allowed to use to criticize someone 's opinions before it violates there dignity . 
  when the east censors it 's because they are authoritarian and what ever excuse they give is a lie because they want to control there people . 
  when the west does it it 's obviously because we love freedom, 
  the point of platforms like twitter is that anyone can share there thoughts on anything . 
  we should n't make it so that you can only lot share your thoughts if they are non controversial or fall inline with the majority opinion . 
  sounds like rural america all there is to do here is booze , get high , fucking , and mudding, 
  not enough suicide bombers , unless that 's where the police are going, 
  its aboot time we take the fight to them eh, 
  i ca n't believe the `` known to the state of california to cause cancer '' thing is known world wide for how dumb it is . 
  i do a lot of furniture assembly and every office chair i build has that label for some reason . 
  what are people gon na do ingest the chair, 
  texas also has a massive natural gas industry that they can fall back on, 
  just accept it , the less of a fight you put up the less it hurts, 
  the only time metric units are used in the us are for science and drug deals . 
  if i ever heard someone talking about grams and they do n't have a lab coat on i get suspicious, 
  you should have tried harder in 1776 if you wanted that to happen, 
  there really is n't a negative view towards europe here . 
  europe is n't brought up all that often but when it is its brought up in a positive light 90 % of the time talking about all the cool architecture and history, 
  teams do n't move around that often . 
  i think the issue is if you live in a state like oregon ( where i live ) and you lack a major city you do n't get any pro sports teams . 
  but every state has at least one college football team, 
  you just broke the thread, 
  * freedom fighters, 
  can esti into nordic yet ? 
  just wait a few turns and you see what we have cookin, 
  wearing our blue jeans , listening to our music , and dieing by our weather phenomenons, 
  `` idiots to the left of me idiots to the right , and here i am , stuck in the middle with / r/europe '', 
  sorry about that, 
  i 've never seen um in montana but that 's probably because the only roads in just about all of the state are two lanes, 
  i think those differences fall in the ideology it 's self where far left ideologies tend to advocate `` revolution '' and burning down the current state where far right ideologies tend to rely on extreme order and obedience, 
  which is ironic because for there system to work it 's requires everyone working together, 
  i 'm north american and i 'm impressed, 
  not as cuddly though source : one of them snuck into my dumpster in montana and i did n't know until i threw a bag of trash on him , teddy was not happy with me, 
  in the united states up until trump republicans in general were fairly pro immigration but there was a massive influx of illegal immigrants coming through the southern border along with obamas daca led to the trump movement, 
  i think a big part of america handling mass immigration so well ( other than a large and very spread out population ) is that to get to america ( with the exception of mexican immigrants ) you ca n't just walk in here . 
  you really have to make an effort to physically get to america . 
  and then once you get here you need to make another big effort to stay because of our lack of a large amount of social programs you need to work hard to keep food on the table . 
  i think one of the fastest ways to get a culture to integrate into the mainstream culture is having them work along side the native population , one so they can learn native customs , and two so the native population can see them as hard working people who just want a good life for there families like the natives do, 
  he probably means foreign born citizens, 
  we should make a political party that is politically centrist , architecturally nazi, 
  praise god emperor napoleon, 
  everybody has there faults, 
  semantics, 
  people got angry when my state tried to implement a 5 % gas tax this year, 
  only 5.56, 
  top tier shit post, 
  with all this money they might finally be into space soon, 
  how are we all going to get to germany , by landing craft ? 
  * g o o d b o y e s, 
  did you not hear all the story 's about the evangelical christians throwing gays off roves ? 
  what are the mormons gon na do , run you over with there 10 speeds ? 
  the only time you really see law enforcement doing anything about speech in the us is if a credible threat is made , something like `` i am going to kill steve with my ar at 5:30 when he 's eating dinner at burgerville '', 
  it 's not 1950 anymore lmao, 
  only if they are going to be shared with the boys, 
  most of the horror stories in the us are from dhs , ups , and fedex that are all of our private carriers . 
  usps is the government carrier and they tend to be pretty good with things, 
  usa usa usa, 
  `` the day we switch to metric i 'll put my self 2 meters underground '' ~ grandpa, 
  the only time i 've seen anyone talk like this is in left wing newspaper articles . 
  if you go up to any random american on any given day and tell them europe is our leader they 'd look at you dumb founded, 
  that 's what trump ran on and was elected in large part because of that . 
  americans do n't want to be the world police anymore, 
  economy and military power are two very different things, 
  how to give trump a second term, 
  when dealing with forestry disease it 's common to cut the affected trees and healthy appearing ones around the infected area as a buffer zone,
