  constitution is also a law and pis changes are currently being probed by ct. . also there was an investigation when gov refused to publicate the ct rulling . 
  they quickly caved in after that . 
  european rules do n't supercede the rules of the sovereign nation state , not in any fictional world we live in ( though the eu would love it to be that way ) actually they absolutely do supercede all laws except consitution . 
  when it comes to eu de iure and de facto is not that far apart , comparisons to onz treaties are really out of place . 
  there is plenty of ways in eu to make a country adhere to the rules or at least make it really costly not to do so . 
  actually our current goverment and president already broke a few of our laws . 
   what makes a country democratic is having a free elections once in a while . 
  that 's it , there are no other requirements . 
  you might have confused it with some other term here . 
  maybe in ancient greece . 
  nowadays there are a few more requirements to be considered democratic . 
  i would n't consider countries that forbid their citizens leaving it to be a standard we should be adhering to . 
  as for other countries allowing foreign workers , that is solely their decision , they could do it without eu aswell . 
  as for unemployment i really do n't know what is your point . 
  if you have 20mln workforce with 20 % unemployment and then 2mln of them leave , your unemployment rate will go down . 
  if working people leave , then their positions are open to the unemployed . 
  taxes might be state 's property . 
  but it is your choice where do you go to work and pay them . 
  and as i said you are assuming they would work in poland . 
  unemployment in poland in 2004 was close to 20 % . 
  we should be thankful to countries like gb that decided to open their work market from 2004 , they took a big burden of our backs . 
   it does n't matter for your points , but it does to mine , that german politicians may be not be impartial on the matter . 
  then why the fuck are you adressing this to me ? 
  find this data yourself and use it how you want . 
  as for market share german companies are non-existent when it comes the biggest market - tv , they have around quarter in radio , hard to say anything for internet but they have one big general news portal , one big daily newspaper and then they are big when it comes to the other press outlets where they have around 60 % . 
  so no , as a whole they do n't have a majority . 
  we are subsidized to adhere to a set of rules regarding i.e free market that are not always beneficial to us . 
  you need to realize that those people that left are not a property of polish state and they do n't bear any responsibility towards it . 
  also most of them left because there was n't enough work for them in poland . 
  gross amount?market share?amount of users?income ? 
  if you want to find axels outlets do it yourself i 'm not gon na bother and i do not know why does it even matter for any of my claims . 
  they left because they wanted to . 
  poland did n't sell those people or exchanged them for anything . 
  even without eu , if western countries opened their borders then those people would leave , unless you want , you know , get back to glorious communist times when leaving your country was highly regulated and not everyone could do it . 
   is n't most of the polish media owned by germans ? 
  it was said like a thousand times already . 
  german companies own a lot of media as a whole but a ) it is not close to majority b ) the biggest market share german companies have is in car/housewife/hobby magazines c ) when only taking in consideration general news and politcs outlets their share does n't even come close to polish-owned media . 
  do n't try to find any logic in pis reasoning . 
  also they call like half of polish population anti-polish so it 's really not a big deal . 
  a wpotylice article . 
  marvelous . 
  maybe read the actual law a not some right-wing rag that only tells the truth by mistake . 
  which main owner is a company of a pis senator . 
  much objectivity , very independent . 
  as for the bill it only gives those rights to foreign forces if our police/firefighter/border control asks for it and it has to go through goverment ministry first . 
  those troops would take orders from polish institutions . 
  but the fuck you care . 
  you just posted a wpolityce article . 
  clearly the evil germans are gon na anschluss us anytime now . 
  i ca n't seem to find it . 
  can you please post your sources ? 
  can you provide the real quote then ? 
  so german capital in poland and foreign owned media ( source for 80 % please ) equals our previous gov being german puppets . 
  k got it . 
  ah ze evil germans strike back . 
  anschluss 2 electric bogaloo - when your car turns against you . 
  it 's pretty hard to take his word that he did n't vote for pis when rest of his post is basically word for word pis narrative of current events . 
   ahh , ye , i think it is worth to mention that i did not vote for pis ( the current rulling party ) you can spare that crap `` oh i did n't vote for them so i 'm really objective about the issue '' noone falls for that anymore , especially after reading rest of your post . 
   po ( the former leading part ) has elected this 5 judges a few days after they lost the hustings . 
  2 out of 5 were nominated illegally , i have not seen uk and german press making reports about it . 
  moreover , citizens of poland have shown po red card , and decided to take them out of the game , thus they shall not designate people to such important function . 
  hmm maybe you did n't hear such reports because while the judges were ruled to be elected illegaly the previous gov did n't oppose the ct rulling or said `` fuck the constitution lol ''  po for ages designated only its own people and rulled the whole court - i have not seen any reports about it in foreign press . 
  even with this 5 new judges , po still has a majority in the court ( all of them were from the old party ) . 
  that is simply not true . 
  before all this mess there were 4 judges that were elected by pis , 5 by po and 6 that had both parties support . 
   our current constitution is disastrous , pis wants to change it and every rational citizen shall support this idea . 
  just read the opinion of experts about it , so let me ask you a question , why po and nowoczesna do not want to change it ? 
  do we polish people do not deserve a constitution which is good and well prepared for the current times ? 
  so even if our constitution needs changing ( which i do n't agree with ) it needs to be done legally . 
  and as it stands pis does n't have the majority to do it , nor they are gon na reach an agreement with other parties to change it . 
  what they did instead , they just said the do n't care and they are gon na do their thing anyway . 
   most expensive highways source  number of enterprises bankrupted source  bureaucracy we were going up in ease in doing business year after year . 
   pis tries to fix what was destroyed by po , all judges ( except 1 were connected with po , where is this demanding by you pluralism ? ), 
  they were actual experts , with lots of academic experience . 
  now the new pis judges are ex mp and senators of pis with barely enough expertise to teach primary school . 
  what was the `` emotional , irrational , populist overexaggeration '' in my post ? 
  in the latest events happening in my country you think this is what populism is ? 
  well i completely disagree with you in that regard . 
  and it 's you that claim that it is associated with stupid people , not me . 
  i 'm just basing my comment on what you wrote in your previous one . 
  also i have no idea where did you get this idea that populism is used only by stupid people . 
  i 'm talking about average education of a voter of each party so even with 30 % in a higher education the over 50 % with primary drags down the average . 
  and we are talking about data , not who do you know and how is their life going . 
  where did i claim it is always the case ? 
  it 's just that if all you have is primary education odds you are dumber than average guy with his degree . 
  yeah great mental gymnastics there . 
  did n't know that populist exaggerations are usually seen from people without good education , i guess it just backs up my point more because politicians and voters of pis are masters at this . 
  also even if you think that what i wrote is populist it still does n't invalidate the data of average education of a pis voter , 
  they are less stupid because they do n't support some dictator wannabe and his xix century nationalistic policies . 
  also http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,140716,title,glosowanie-w-wyborach-parlamentarnych-wedlug-wyksztalcenia-infografika,wid,17932248,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=1162b4 you can clearly see what the averages for each party are . 
  but did n't you see , 90 % of us have same views as him , he just told you so . 
  the only media in this infographic that can be considered somewhat influential when it comes to politics is onet and newsweek but even them do n't come even close to the influence of television and more popular newspapers . 
  but yeah ze evil germans have shares in housewife and car magazines :d . you do know that tvn group was bought by americans ? 
  and that makes neither of 3 biggest players on tv market even remotely german ? 
  same for newspapers . 
  even ignoring the fact that the are no sources and blatant lies in this infographic , what does the 80 % applies to ? 
  revenue ? 
  total amount of media ? 
  you do realize that a right to protest is one of the basic rights in a democratic country ? 
  and that they were n't against election results but against unlawful actions of our government ?
