  my comment was more about banks and insurance companies typically operating billions anyway . 
  there is a pretty strict set of rules that one has to adhere to be considered a bank or an insurance company in poland , so if you think that you can start either with a couple of grand you are very mistaken . 
  it might not be billions , but probably something in range of 100 million . 
  whether it is the correct way or it makes competition skewed is a different matter . 
  personally i think rules in those sectors should be at least as strict as they are now . 
  http://bialystok.wyborcza.pl/bialystok/1,35241,19165860,topienie-uchodzcow-na-lekcji-fizyki-skandal-w-bialymstoku.html?disableredirects=true this is very much real . 
  the teacher and school principal already responded to it . 
  the teacher claims that class had a laugh and he achieved his goal of making the exercise interesting . 
  all it proves is that services are a bigger part of your economy . 
  it does n't say anything about your services being `` so much advanced '' . 
  and as for competitiveness it is measured for the uk as a whole with various factors i.e financial market stability , education of populace , institutional credibility . 
  all these things account for competitiveness , nothing mentioned in this report says anything about uk services being `` so much advanced '' . 
  the only thing you can assume from that , and i think that is a pretty big assumption to make , is that the bigger the contribution of services to gdp the better they are . 
  i do n't think you can claim about being much more advanced of that report alone . 
  source ? 
  so all it is about is just setting up the office in the country ? 
  i 'm sorry but i find it hard to believe that it is any sort of problem for banks and insurance companies operating billions of pounds . 
  plus to properly operate you need people on site anyway . 
  as for your second paragraph i do n't think you understood what i wrote so i will try to reiterate . 
  if it is about multinational companies there is nothing that stops you from servicing them . 
  if it is about local companies , local lawyers and accountants will be better for them every time be it money wise , quality wise or both . 
  to add to that there is plenty of jobs in accounting , it and many others that were outsourced to ee because it was much cheaper . 
  i do n't recall companies doing that having any problems . 
  as for smes it might be beneficial for them , i just do n't see it having real impact as i ca n't imagine a s/m accounting/law company from uk providing a better quality/price ratio service to local companies in other countries and with accordance to its laws . 
  i mean the biggest winner here would probably be ee because we might not compete with you quality wise but sure as hell we can do that job for a quarter of money  i agree that the single service market is probably a good idea and should be implemented , i just do n't know why is it exactly so important to the uk . 
  the things that you mentioned do n't really convince me . 
  can you expand on it a bit ? 
  because i still do n't understand why is it really an issue . 
  there is plenty of foreign banks and insurance companies in poland and i do n't think they have any problem operating , in fact they have quite big profits year after year . 
  there is a lack of even one british bank though , no idea why that is . 
  as for lawyers and accountants unless the mentioned project is about unification of the whole law , the experience and competitiveness on grounds of uk civil and tax law is pretty useless when it comes to national law of every eu country . 
  if it is about servicing multinational companies i do n't think there is anything stopping it . 
  if you did n't come here to post stats and reports you are not here for a discussion either . 
  me saying eu good and you saying eu bad is not a discussion and i just told you that burden of evidence is on you , as you were the first to make claims . 
  i simply stepped down to your level . 
  post your sources then i will post mine . 
  good luck . 
  ps sorry about calling you dense , that was inappropriate . 
  mate you were the first one to claim various things , i do n't have to post anything as long you wo n't do that either . 
  how can i even try to refute things like `` beaten identity out of us '' when i have no idea what you mean by that . 
  if you make claim , you back it up , that 's it . 
  if you wo n't do that , you are not really taking part in any discussion . 
  you decide what you want . 
  wan na throw slogans , fine . 
  you say you wan na have a discussion and we ca n't have that if i do n't know what are you basing your claims on . 
  you say it 's not your job to search for stats , fine . 
  just keep shitposting loads of baseless claims then and get mad when i expect a discussion based on stats and research and not daily mail headlines . 
  i hate that you claim something and just escape into empty words and slogans and i have to ask you what do you mean . 
  so to start with , what small countries have any sort of international relevance ? 
  what countries that can be compared to ireland are relevant ? 
  as for second point i 'll just disregard it because you seem to be too dense to understand what cooperation means . 
  check compromise and negotiations in your dictionary . 
  next if you think that brits would have any business in accepting you into union on terms other than submission you are very naive . 
  scots also have so much say in how uk acts on the eu scene and their relevance on international scene is really quite staggering . 
  `` the euro project has been a colossal mistake for ireland . '', 
  again really nice slogan . 
  i guess if you claim it 's a mistake without any sort of backing it up we just have to accept as truth . 
  maybe some data ? 
  any scientific research ? 
  at least an article from reputable source ? 
  how bad was it for your economy ? 
  `` there was plan '' ? 
  by whom ? 
  how advanced was it ? 
  was it seriously considered by your government ? 
  perhaps it was voted on in the parliament ? 
  i doubt it left a `` some economists talked what would happen if we did it '' stage . 
  feel free to prove me wrong . 
  `` not that there is anything wrong with them as people , i am quite good friends with many but regardless the knock on effects for society will not be good . '', 
  another slogan . 
  what effects ? 
  are those already there ? 
  there will be ? 
  any research ? 
  maybe at least some polls ? 
  ok . `` ireland 's massive fish resources is one of the few readily exploitable resources that we have and it is open for the taking to any eu nation pretty much so now . '', 
  i 'd strongly advise you to stop reading daily mail . 
  it 's just not how cfp works . 
  `` the financial crash and property bubble within the country was not solely caused by irish mismanagement . 
  even more worrying , the bank guarantee that has indebted generations of irish citizens was made explicitly under threats from the eu . 
  they new that if the heavily invested german and french banks took hits off ireland it would create a massive knock on effect . '', 
  yeah , yeah it 's all dem filthy french banksters . 
  innocent irish did nothing wrong . 
  they just borrowed shitload of money and could n't pay it back . 
  the nerve on this banksters to demand this money to be paid back . 
  fo real . 
  `` the fact that one of the few things that has helped the country survive the recession , our low corporate tax , is constantly under attack from bigger eu nations . '', 
  so what ? 
  you do n't have to change it and other countries are free to criticize other countries policies . 
  it happens like all the time . 
  everywhere . 
  `` then probably least important to continental europeans , this eu backed idea of erasing national identity in favour of creation of a european identity . 
  the english/british took centuries to nearly kill of our language but they never managed it with our sense of identity . 
  in a few short decades of eu membership , the sense of what it means to be irish has been beaten out of us almost . '', 
  oh one more slogan , how surprising . 
  can you point where is this `` eu backed idea to erase national identity '' written ? 
  in what document ? 
  i 'll add that daily mail article is not a document . 
  you claim it was beaten out of you , by whom exactly ? 
  in what way ?
