  also a ~ ~ pathetic propaganda rag ~ ~ very reliable conservative source tells me that russians in germany do just fine when it comes to islamist invasion . 
  does n't matter . 
  we will blame it on german minority or those traitorous silesians . 
  the plan is to attack our own radio in gliwice , say it were ze germans , declare war and immediately surrender , then just wait for anschluss . 
  personally i think it is a bulletproof plan and nothing could go wrong . 
  yes foreign intervention . 
  that is exactly what it is . 
  not giving more money to unlawful government equals literally anschluss . 
  this is also an interesting phenomenon called schrodingers germany . 
  they are both able to control everything in europe and on a verge of collapse and war due to refugees . 
  thank you as well for your post , it was very interesting . 
  this last few days i read a few things about how stables are run and your post is pretty much in a same vein , that it is a very complicated thing , where you have to be very careful about your decisions as even single ones can influence whole company for years to come . 
  as i said i would n't mind this change in management that much if they actually hired someone who is qualified or at least promote someone from within the stables . 
  exchanging someone with 20 years of experience , even if there were some issues , for someone who never run any sort of business , not mentioning having 0 expereince in this specific one , is absolutely ridiculous . 
  oh i do n't actually agree with the firing , maybe my post came out a bit wrong , i 'm just saying that pis , trying to look especially `` tough '' on corruption could justify it to at least their voters . 
  but all in all even if there were any real wrongdoings it was not worth firing someone with so much experience , especially when you see his successor 's resume . 
  well this case is a tad more complicated . 
  they did one thing that can be justified - firing former people in charge . 
  nik ( agency responsible for checking public institutions ) found a lot of corruption-like decisions and pointed out a lot of mistakes in management which caused stables to not be as profitable as they could be . 
  with that part i 'm fine , as i said it is at least partly justified . 
  on the other hand pis has a ridiculously short bench , seriously it is not even funny how badly they are lacking anyone competent . 
  it is also especially visible in mofa . 
  so they hired a guy to run a stables that has 0 fucking idea about horses . 
  when press asked if he knows anything about horses he said `` they are my hobby now '' . 
  and that is pretty much his whole resume when it comes not only stables but pretty much any independent business . 
  also i have to add that there are a lot of voices from qatar ( main buyer ) voicing their doubts about future and also sheikh hamad al thani al rayyan offer fired guys jobs . 
  well said radio station is actually located in poland now so you will be doing the attacking , 
  i am sorry to inform you that liberating germany is also part of the operation . 
  we dusted off some cold war plans and we should achieve polish-dutch border in 48h . 
  that is unless you will be quick enough to mobilize your broomstick-wielding infantry units and air force ( http://i.imgur.com/fdjooit.png ) . 
  in that case it should take longer . 
  like 52hours . 
  only grey colour allowed in polan . 
  sparkling is strictly prohibited . 
  you are oppressed by homogender . 
  but fear no more . 
  we will liberate you . 
  do n't even get me started . 
  those celebrations , hugging , laying on top of each other ? 
  or exchanging sweaty shirts ? 
  how gay is that ? 
  and it is shown on tv every weekend !, 
  well yeah i 'm joking :d nothing else to do really when everyday you hear something like this . 
  tbf the reason they canceled the ad is more about the fact that 2 man , one of them gay , are teaching little kid how to behave . 
  our catholic fundamentalists believe it is hidden propaganda with a goal to make population more tolerant towards gay couples and possibly gay adoption in the future while simultaneously destroying traditional family values . 
  at least this is what i understood , you never can be certain with people like this . 
  actually i 'm making a joke but read it as you wish . 
  i have a few more portraying the train of thought of our minister . 
  it is not only about gay man interacting with child !!, 
  gender is much worse . 
  the ad shows a little boy doing stuff that should be women only !, 
  that 's the most outrageous thing there . 
  first it is about waste sorting and then what ? 
  cooking ? 
  doing laundry ? 
  we ca n't let that happen . 
  fortunately our glorious government seen through this pathetic jew-western propaganda and is not going to let our kids suffer . 
  now we have much better pluralism right ? 
  oh i know , i also personally do n't agree with s&p . it is just that i hate bs like this . 
  s&p gave their reasoning and it was n't `` we feel like this '' , now it is up to investors to decide which company is right and what reasoning they find better . 
  too bad the ratings are not solely about the economy . 
  they rate the probability of bonds being paid off . 
  unpredictable governments doing shady stuff at 3am , passing laws of dubious legality , not adhering to law making and democratic standards , breaking the constitution . 
  they all can make purchasing bonds riskier . 
  yes , `` we feel like it '' was the exact reason given there . 
  it really had nothing to do with actions of current government . 
  that really does n't work in polish :d . it is pronounced like `` same '' not `` slim '', 
  noooo , what have you done . 
  now ze germans are gon na arm their broomsticks and ready their airforce . 
  yup 25 years of getting more popular . 
  just 25 more and he might get to 5 % . 
  if this is such a commonly known fact then it should be laughably easy to prove it . 
  derailing by offtopic comments ? 
  you mean asking for source ? 
  if you post shit like this burden of proof is on you . 
  not on a guy that asks you to provide it . 
  so please , be so kind and show me those `` calculations '' oh no wait , you wo n't find any . 
  cuz they do n't fucking exist . 
  so this infographic includes 80 % of media in poland ? 
  tl ; dr `` it is not that bad , previous gov did this aswell , we think the changes to ct are constitutional , even though consitutional law departments of every reputable university said otherwise '', 
  actually he is not saying the exact opposite . 
  he is just trying to spin so it looks better for currnet gov while using exactly same words of current rulling party . 
  they started it , we are trying to sort it , they did that too . 
  ofc he can claim those things , i 'm afraid it does n't mean it 's truth . 
  i told you that you can find posts explaining how it is diffrent . 
  i do n't care about some eu body having some strict words , because that is all there is goig to be . 
  i care about you repeating gov propaganda and acting like you understand the situation . 
  i 'm really sorry but you post in this thread a lot while obviously having very little idea of current situation in poland . 
  i 'm not gon na bother explaining for the 200th time this month that actions of current gov and previous ones are vastly diffrent , you can find those posts explaining it in previosus threads . 
  also it seems to me that you do n't realize how diffrent democracy in poland is compared to gb, 
   you mean winning elections ( deemed fair by the international community ) with 70-80 % voter majorities , a rise in national confidence , an increasing natural birth-rate ? 
  80 % + approval ratings done by american pollsters who 'd love nothing more than to see you fail ? 
  i think a lot of countries would die to have what putin in russia has yes situation in russia is simply great . 
  i would love to live there and have a brave leader like putin rule my country . 
  this is very interesting set of features by which you decided that a lot of countries want to be like russia . 
  dictionary ? 
  what does it have to do with it ? 
  what rules you have to adhere to , to be considered a democratic country are not in dictionaries . 
  where did i say they broke penal code ? 
  or other criminal laws ?
