  `` when the eu was primarily working as an economic union of free trade and common interests i was quite happy with it . 
  now that the real push towards a united states of europe seems be put in motion i really do n't want any part of that anymore . '', 
  but you would gladly give up your sovereignty to uk . 
  as i said above , i can understand wanting to be independent but joining uk hoping that you will be better represented ? 
  you will be just as bullied , and in europe you can at least try to find other countries with similar interest . 
  in uk you will be alone . 
  you think uk wo n't bully you into decisions you do n't like ? 
  good luck with that . 
  w/e man i just hope you are a minority . 
  all in all , please try harder , a few slogans and baseless claims is all you have written so far . 
  please focus on data . 
  we can throw slogans at each other whole day . 
  you will say eu is bad for ireland , i will say if not for eu ireland would be 2 times poorer . 
  i really could n't find any merit in your post , even though i tried . 
  i 'm pro-eu can i can do a much better job at listing things that i do n't like/think are bad for my country/shouldn ' t be implemented . 
  i 'm sorry to say that but ireland will be irrelevant in a grand scheme of international politics and economy no matter what . 
  the only way your country and we , as europe can be relevant is by unity and more cooperation . 
  also would you rather give your sovereignty to uk ? 
  i can understand that you want to be independent and not be a part of any federation . 
  changing one for the other really does n't make any sense for me . 
  could you perhaps enlighten me what advantages are there for such solution ? 
  also please be free to post how exactly was eu bad for ireland , i 'm really curious to know that . 
  yeah , putting aside how stupid is this comment , it 's really sad how eating with fork is the only thing he could think off . 
  we ourselves got it from italians ffs . 
  there is none . 
  it 's just shit attempt at banter . 
  it 's like you do n't have better argument and you tell americans that they should mind their own business because you have pubs older than their country . 
  your smell works surprisingly well . 
  as it turns out one of the main lockheed-martin lobbists in us is also a ceo of the friends of poland organization that our mod is/used to be ( not really clear , really shady stuff ) ceo of too . 
  i 'm really not that into military stuff , so maybe someone more knowledgeable can correct me , but i do n't think it was ever ongoing and there were never any concrete plans to buy one . 
  it was just an idea being passed around . 
  there is already one assembly in place and it does n't look like we will get another one . 
   they did n't win in though . 
  they were the only company to be accepted into the last stage of procurement . 
  i 'm not quite sure . 
  if that was the case then all the talk about compensation coming from airbus would be pointless . 
  also our mod talks all the time about voiding the tender and not about `` not completing last stage of procurement '' . 
   it was never said in this way . 
  since winning the elections their official rhetoric was always about `` hard negotiations '' , regardless of what we know about their real intention . 
  it is terrbile , but what can you expect when , as it turns out , our mod is just another lm office in poland . 
  lmao you are trying way to hard m8 . 
  that 's not even `` an ap story '' . 
  those are excerpts from government pr department . 
   not really . 
  contract was n't signed yet , negotiations were ongoing and - while extremely rare - it was possible to abandon it at this stage . 
  not really . 
  when you win a tender ( przetarg ) both sides are binded to sign a contract and you ca n't just `` abandon it '' . 
  usually cases like this are a total shitfest , but in this particular one proving bad will on the part of our gov should be quite easy . 
  there were plenty of comments from mod about how caracals are not good enough and we are not going to buy them prior to this moment . 
  also if what airbus says about their offer is true and we asked for transfer of tank ammo technology it 's clear who wanted to sign a contract and who did not . 
  nope , my parents both went to religion classes in church , after schoolday . 
  sound is back , now you know what i meant . 
  trust me you do n't want to . 
  damn it 's just 10pm and it 's already looking great . 
  midnight games are going to be fun . 
  yeah i agree . 
  the problem here is what the uk and eu think is a `` fair deal '' . 
  i 'm afraid they are a few key differences . 
   the eu court has permitted at the italian judge to disapply the italian discipline of prescription do you know the number of this case ? 
  look , i 'm just an honest shitposter trying to make a living . 
  unfortunately even though i work for 3 years i managed to accumulate 1337 karma so i do n't have enough capital to invest in this karma stock market you speak of . 
  also i love this subreddit and i hope we take it back and i wo n't move to some fancy schmancy american subreddit just to make sch\u00f6nbrunn elite happy . 
  what do you think all that upvotes are ? 
  this is european subreddit and i demand restricting immigration that undercuts us and steals all our karma . 
  what are you happy about ? 
  can you give examples of such troubles ? 
  i thought that most of the criminal law concerning crimes that are international in nature like drug/weapon trafficking or terrorism are already mostly harmonized . 
  i 'm so glad that there is finally a strong voice with a plan . 
  i 'm sick of inability to make decisions and set goals . 
  i 'm also sick of half measures , they just do n't work . 
  we either have to focus solely on maintaining the single market and drop other agenda or move towards single state . 
  there is no other way for eu to work . 
  that was a bit of a joke on my part . 
  i meant western values associated with things mentioned . 
  http://bigstory.ap.org/article/43caadced1c94142a526eec654f670af/cultural-sensitivities-obstacle-un-aids-conference i guess we did n't make any official statements or took any official negotiating positions , more like behind the curtains type of activity . 
  it 's not really being catholic per se . 
  we invented our own brand of `` catholicism '' one that is full of false pretense and two-faced people , that lately is driven mostly by hate and trying to fight off western inventions like gender , homosexuality , in-vitro and abortion , that tries to influence politics for economic gain ( lately there was a bill passed that regulates selling agricultural land , all religious organizations are exempt , but as you can imagine catholic church is the only one that matters ) , one that is deprived of any sophisticated thinking or philosophy , one that refuses any change and adaptation to modern times . 
  ah yes that is so weird that i expect easily countable data to be provided by numbers order . 
   but anyway it 's clear your perception of history is non existant if it does n't match your retoric nice , you have absolutely no arguments to anything i wrote so you just dismiss everything without any basis to do so other than your own bias . 
  did n't you ? 
  you literally mentioned uk first . 
  i think that matches the definition of the word `` ahead '' . 
   from 2017 the uk will have a thousand troops in poland can i have a source on that ? 
  it 's 2017 already and all you have in poland is less than a 100 soldiers . 
   you do n't see the uk , france or the us begging for a few thousand polish troops to be deployed in their countries well i have a pretty good guess why that is . 
  i also wrote why does our government wants those troops and i 'll repeat that it is really not because we count on you to fight for us . 
  honestly it is pretty similar to afghanistan and iraq when americans `` begged '' us for troops . 
  they could have done all by themselves but they needed as many countries on board not for their military prowess but to show that they are the right side , that has a lot of support . 
   ... and that 's before we even go into the incredibly costly nuclear umbrella that nato provides from the uk , us and french nuclear stockpiles . 
  it 's pretty cute how you put uk ahead of us in terms of nuclear capabilities . 
  i also do n't know what 's your point here exactly ? 
  you would have kept your nuclear weapons and delivery system whether or not we had been in nato because said umbrella also protects you . 
  i 'll give you that it 's pretty funny trying to claim that you keep your nuclear weapons because of poland . 
   for effective purposes the west pays for eastern european defence maybe for baltics that ca n't afford a big army . 
  as for poland the only thing we really count on here is us nuclear power and airforce and i 'm honestly not quite sure how does uk pays for defense in poland . 
  can you tell me what exactly are you funding here ? 
   until after it had declared war and said declaration was an empty gesture that did n't include any real action . 
  real action and fighting on your part started only when you got attacked . 
   also acting like poland did n't want nato troops stationed in it is a lie where did i say our government did n't want that ? 
  trust me , none thats inside military counts on those troops to really do anything when serious conflict comes .
