yes , if you are very good at football . 
  / u/ragnar _ ok `` this post is against the rules but i 'll leave it up in hopes that more people can give good suggestions . 
  / r/europe is used to be a cool place , i 'd like to see it like that again . '', 
  it 's against the rules but it suits my agenda so it 's ok . great mod material . 
  european energy market , where countries negotiate gas deals together . 
  you mean more abbot-voting australians will come ? 
  damn that sucks . 
  yeah , great links you posted there . 
  first says nothing about cuts/increases in aid funds , it 's just states that germany is one of the biggest contributors ( as they should be considering their gdp ) and the other states : `` the german aid organisation world vision fears that newly-escalating conflicts threaten to overshadow growing need in syria , following german government plans to spend less on humanitarian aid in the region . 
  euractiv germany reports . 
  germany 's intention to balance its budget in the coming year could worsen the desperate situation of refugees in syria and surrounding countries . 
  the draft 2015 budget , recently tabled by the foreign office , shows plans to cut funding for humanitarian aid from $ 398.2 million to $ 280 million . '', 
  so much for your rant about correcting `` false '' information while simultaneously providing an article that backs it up lol . 
  as for the rest of your post : you are not exactly doing very much to correct misinformation , argue with statements that you disagree with or anything of this sort . 
  you do n't even have any other posts in r/europe except for this one . 
  maybe if you spent some time doing the mentioned things , the quality of this subreddit would be higher . 
  you decided to write useless rant instead . 
  yes , indeed it is * pats on head * i guess the good thing here is that you can read at least . 
  well i answered to some other guy already but what you are trying to do is finding reason and logic in football hooligans and neonazi groups . 
  they just ca n't see the connection between the situation of poles in foreign countries to that of syrians in poland . 
  it 's what happens when you think that thanks to your race/culture/religion you are a superior human being and the `` other '' guys are the bad ones . 
  those protest are not really against immigration in general . 
  i 'd say they are mostly anti-muslim and quite racist aswell . 
  are you trying to find reason and logic in football hooligans and neonazi groups ? 
  well let me start with saying that complaining about imagatory goon squad is hillarious but not really suprsing considering that most people on this forum , either from left or right , think , that whoever does n't agree with them is paid shill/goon squad/nazi scum/paid by 1 % to destroy christian values/vote brigading . 
  even more so when you yourself just made that account and then write post like this . 
  now i want to adress your point about jewsih refugees . 
  i have no idea what island in the west do you mean , that they were fleeing too . 
  if that is u.s then you should probably read about things like voyage of the st.louis . 
  most polish jews died during wwii and the most that survived went to israel . 
  you realy have to be some kind of special to compare situation of jewish refugees in nazi occupied territories to situation of migrants in eu countries . 
  i 'm pretty sure death camps are no longer operating . 
  as for the rest of your points , the right wing establishments are not growing in ee alone . 
  they are growing in your own country . 
  and in france . 
  and sweden . 
  and denmark . 
  finland . 
  the netherlands . 
  pretty much in most european countries . 
  and yes we in poland treat literally every foreigner as dogs . 
  true story . 
  not a prejudice or sterotypes speaking there . 
  i 'm also glad that you pointed out that just 5 % of them want to work . 
  i hope it 's not true though . 
  no idea why does it matter if 5 % of your country is destroyed or 50 % or 100 % . 
  if all you had is destroyed you either temporarily , for a time of conflict , move to a first place that is safe and then you are a refugee ( western ukraine/turkey/lebannon / whatever ) or you move where you would like to start a new , better life and then you move to poland/germany/sweden and moving there makes you economic migrant . 
  syrians stopped fleeing from war thousands of kilometers ago , now they seek better life and i totaly understand them , just like i understand ukrainians . 
  you do n't seem to do so . 
  oh well i 've read your statement about migrants coming from balkans as regarding syrians that go through there to hungary . 
  you ca n't seem to really grasp that situation of displaced ukrainians is the same as that of syrians . 
  ukrainians could stay in safe parts of ukraine but they decied to leave for greener pastures and syrians could stay in turkey/lebannon but they too decided to leave . 
  i 'm not quite sure of the reason why are you so fond of differentiating between the two other than being racist . 
  by do n't care i mean you act like poland does n't take migrants , are fucking egoistic and do n't want to help . 
  we do help , just not syrians but ukrainians . 
  also i do n't quite see where do you see hate against syrians in my comments . 
  i 'm really glad though that you agree with me that both ukrainians and syrians are economic migrants . 
  by all means i 'm not arguing with you over if we should take migrants or not , what i 'm argueing is your disregard for migrants from ukraine . 
  they , just like syrians , often times lost everything and just want to start a new life in a country that they think is better for them . 
  as it stands i ca n't remamber exact data but we in poland took migrants from ukraine in a range of a couple hundred thousands . 
  honestly i 'd probably blame western media for this situation . 
  noone seems to care about ukrainians , and western public have no idea about the numbers coming from there . 
  we are not egoistic , we are much poorer than you are and i dare to say we already do a fair share in terms of migrants , just that they are not brown so you obviously do n't care . 
  that 's racist on your part btw . 
  edit . 
  if germany wants they can take 100milions migrants from middle east/africa for all i care . 
  just do n't force others to do so . 
  well it 's certainly really tragic news that turkey , jordan , lebannon , greece , serbia , hungary are deporting syrians back to syria . 
  oh wait no , that 's not happening . 
  great argument right there , applies just as well to the migrants from syria that pass through like 5 or 6 peaceful and safe countries on their way to germany . 
  there is aboslutely 0 correlation in poland between legality of abortion and number of births , which your own graph proves btw , when you know when the current laws were implemented and what did they change . 
  the biggest child boom took place during communist era . 
  can you guess what abortion laws were in place back then ? 
  1 ) the ct weighted art. 197 ( the rules of proceeding of ct are to be defined in a bill ) against the art. 2 of constitution ( poland is a democratic country of law aka rechstat ) in relation with new ct bill and deemed it necessary to proceed based only on former ct bill and constitution as the new ct bill is in direct opposition to art. 2 that it is in fact in opposition agreed every major law department , many ngos and bodies like nra or kirp . 
  you have to keep in mind that art. 2 is the single most important law in poland , that whole law system is based on . 
  there are dozens of other laws and rights that are derived from it . 
  2 ) all this mess was easily avoidable . 
  all pis needed to do was to provide sufficient vacatio legis so ct can rule on the new ct bill using the old . 
  they did n't as their intention was effectively changing the constitution without having the majority to do it . 
  3 ) there is no other word to define what you are saying here `` 13 of 15 judges are ideologically left choosen '' as lying . 
  4 judges were elected by pis without po backing . 
  6 were elected by po without pis backing and 5 were elected with both parties support . 
  they could n't proceed because at the moment there is only 12 judges and the new bill required a quorum of 13 . 
  there is no place in western europe where po could be considered idealogically left . 
  if you do n't wan na hear about ct then why are you here ? 
  all this drama is about ct and pis trying to dismantle it . 
  and no , what po did is nothing like what pis is doing . 
  the only po fault is trying to elect 2 judges 30 days before they should be able to , so pis wo n't elect them . 
  and guess what the ct ruled that it is unconstitutional and those judges are not in the office . 
  what pis is doing is openly and directly opposing the ct ruling when it comes to swearing the lawfully elected judges or publishing this recent ruling . 
  this is something po never did and what is on a whole different level when it comes to breaking democratic standards . 
   the court at the time said it was partially agreeable with the constitution and nothing was made of it . 
  yes , exactly the bill was partly agreeable and partly not . 
  and the part that was not is not applicable . 
  and nothing was made of it because noone directly opposed ct ruling , the unlawfully elected judges are not in ct. 
  oh you do n't have to worry . 
  they would n't try and paint you in `` good '' light . 
  only pure slavic blood has enough cojones to oppose muslims , you germans are already way too homogender to do anything . 
  that is even better . 
  we are going to do 1920 recap on them but then you will attack and we will be to tired to defend .
