  those are again just gestures aimed to score points for ruling party , showing that they can make poland a safe country and that they are capable of making and strengthening alliances . 
  plus the interview you linked is outdated as there are already us troops in poland and we do n't need britain 's help in negotiating that anymore . 
   the point being you said that in the first 8 months nothing happened . 
  because nothing happend . 
  honestly go and educate yourself because this is pathetic . 
   what about the 48 months of the war ? 
  what about it ? 
  are you telling me you fought for that 48 months because you were fulfilling alliance with poland ? 
  or you did because you were attacked and you fought for yourself ? 
   when they were fighting the germans after declaring war on them for invading poland . 
  you were fighting germans because they attacked you , not because they attacked poland . 
  if germans turned east in 1940 you would n't do shit . 
  just like you did in 1939 . 
   who said anything about not fulfilling nato obligations ? 
  the poster i was having conversation with . 
   or pay to defend eastern europe as it 's known here as i said none is counting on you here anyway , so you may just as well stop doing that . 
  the fuck are you on ? 
  i just showed you how worthless of any ally you are and how much alliances with you are worth . 
  what do i care how long the war lasted ? 
  are you trying to say that for the 5 years after you were fighting to fulfill the alliance obligations ? 
  that 's honestly hilarious . 
  what matters to me is what you did when we got attacked and how did you fulfill the alliance agreement and that was a whole nothing . 
  so yeah , at least from polish perspective and pretty every ee nation your threats about pulling defense support or not fulfilling your nato obligations pretty much hold no weight , because that was expected of you anyway would any conflict come . 
  that 's fantastic . 
  and what nato spending goals have to do with the eu ? 
   declare war on germany in 1939 wow much help , such brave . 
  educate yourself https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war, 
   i do n't know about this polish politician it 's just pretty funny that this letter is coming from her because most of the time she herself acts like she is under substance influence , especially her activity on her fanpage . 
  well i was speaking specifically about this :  so why should i go to war for you and pay for it so you feel safe ? 
  this is a 100 % nato obligation , eu has nothing to do with it . 
  as for intelligence it is a bit more complicated . 
  military intelligence is mainly on nato level while counter-terrorism or organised crime is mostly eu level . 
  both of those are also often shared based on bi and multilateral agreements other than nato and eu . 
  personally i do n't blame may for mentioning uk engagement in making eu safe place and importance of their intelligence units . 
  it is a fair point and it has a place in negotiations . 
  what i do n't like is some british posters here that take it way beyond that and try to make their nato participation a part of brexit negotiations . 
   i apologize for the nasty stuff i said : / no problem , i was n't the one that downvoted you btw, 
  her facebook activity is legendary tho . 
  still no idea where the contradiction is . 
  uk is leaving the eu , not nato , so post brexit they still have the same obligations in nato . 
  and part of that is intelligence and military cooperation and that intelligence and military network is and will be used on a nato level and not on eu level . 
  you are funny , i 'll give you that . 
  yes , and what 's your point ? 
  i fail to see any contradiction in those 2 sentences . 
  no , because it 's absolutely non-binding and holds 0 weight . 
  that 's just politician talk trying to push goals that benefit his organisation more . 
  nato members are going to decide on their spending individually and with their interest in mind . 
   europol is a counter terrorism agency so yes i would qualify that as military engagement considering how and where information is sourced and often acted upon . 
  europol is a police force , not a military . 
  counter-terrorism is vastly covered by civil forces these days . 
  as for sources you can only speculate , as for acting upon it 's done by civilians . 
   and if the eu is in any way benefiting with one hand off the back of the uk tax payer and our bigger contributions to security , while trying to damage our economy with the other . 
  then it 's you that 's the worthless ally . 
  how is anyone trying to damage your economy ? 
  you chose this path , now you 'll have to negotiate a deal . 
  on economic level it 's guaranteed to be worse than what you had but it 's a natural effect of leaving the union . 
  i get that you do n't have much to bargain so you 'll bring up anything you can . 
  i understand leaving europol or cutting inteligence feeds , i 'm just not fine with talk like :  so why should i go to war for you and pay for it so you feel safe ? 
  because that 's a part of nato article 5 and not eu . 
   all we 're doing is leaving an unnecessary political union . 
  from the talk it seems like you are leaving the defense union as well . 
   if my point to a fellow nato member , that britain is the number 1 contributor to all facets of security accross europe , that 's nice . 
  and what does that have to do with eu again ? 
  i 'm pretty sure all you have to do to find out is to type in eu and nato into google . 
  great and what exactly is your point ? 
   it 's an obligation of the nations that make up the eu no , it 's not . 
  how many times do i have to repeat myself . 
  nato and eu are 2 different things . 
  not all eu nations are in nato . 
  not all nato nations are in eu . 
  eu obligations are one thing . 
  nato obligations are another thing . 
   to not pay the bare minimum for nato membership . 
  there is no such thing . 
  spending goals are just guidelines because there is absolutely no legal or formal sanctions for not meeting said goals . 
  you do n't buy nato membership nor there is a membership fee involved . 
   that 's the president of the eu sabotaging nato and freeloading as far as i 'm concerned . 
  yes that 's his opinion on the matter , because guess what , nato and eu are 2 different organisations with different goals and different obligations for its members . 
  how many un nations do ? 
   you do know we 're one of if not the biggest contributors to europol ? 
  and ? 
  do you count europol as part of military engagement ? 
  because that 's what we are talking about . 
   and that we have military training and support agreements with almost every european country that has nothing do with nato right ? 
  and what 's that have to do with eu ? 
  are going to use such agreements as leverage as well ? 
  guess that would be fitting , really shows how worthless of an ally britain would be if anything serious happened . 
   you 're sounding awfully uninformed for someone that has all the answers . 
  still i do n't even come close to uneducated brits that do n't see a difference between nato and eu . 
   you 're stuck on my nato comment that was making a point about commitments on all fronts of defense . 
  yeah right . 
  your comment was n't mostly about spending goals in nato and trying to use this as leverage in eu negotiations . 
  oh wait , it was . 
   and it seems you 're suggesting that britain does n't contribute to european defense outside of nato ? 
  i 'm saying that your commitment to europes defense system is overwhelmingly based on nato and not eu . 
  so how exactly is meeting nato spending goals a part of eu obligations ? 
   and the majority of it 's european members do n't spend the expected levels on defense . 
  and ? 
  deal with that on a nato level , push a reform or leave that organisation if you do n't like it . 
   in recent history i 'm glad you made that distinction .
