  pis politicians will have a 100 % say in who is and who is not a supreme court judge . 
  they changed that . 
  now it 's krs with opinion of moj that is going to decide that . 
  not that it matters much because with the changes to the krs it will be fully controlled by pis . 
  but that 's the presidents `` compromise '' . 
  in effect it will function exactly the same , politicians decide who is and who is not a judge . 
  edit : http://n-15-1.dcs.redcdn.pl/dcs/o2/tvn/web-content/m/p1/f/25e2a30f44898b9f3e978b1786dcd85c/7e31463f-3621-45b2-b46a-3b69fcbaf0d8.pdf on page 5 start the amendments that passed in the committee, 
  the number one rule is not to discuss with polandball comics . 
  tea with milk is an abomination, 
  correct about what ? 
  current judicary reform ? 
  when polandball first started it was inaccurate and filled with stereotypes just to troll and trigger the poles . 
  and now we are here like 10 years later and you still do n't get this , ca n't take a joke and try to explain how this obviously humourous picture is not 100 % truthful to our history . 
  i have a suspicion that this might in fact be a joke and not an accurate representation of our history . 
  do n't quote me on that . 
   thats how it works in most western european countries . 
  germany for example . 
  it does and is being criticised as well , but that 's not what really what the outrage is about . 
  seriously you ca n't compare german system with the proposed pis changes . 
   what details concern you the most oh i do n't know , maybe the moj having a free say in who is a supreme court judge and who is not . 
  or maybe a simple parliament majority having a complete freedom of choosing judges . 
  or maybe the way the bill that is effectively changing the whole system is being proceeded , with bills being introduced at 2am as mp project so you do n't have to hold public hearings and estimations of effects ? 
   improvement mhm yes , obviously this is improvement . 
  stop burning the cars , duh . 
   not have such big nationalistic movement like le pen one . 
  yep , we have bigger . 
  yes , and christianity was happily welcomed by everyone , everywhere , they held hands together and sang kumbaya . 
  no forceful imposition whatsoever . 
  i 'm not gon na waste more of my time here , have a nice day , maybe read a history book . 
  so make that distinction . 
  you ca n't just say `` people thinking they know best how a society should change and are willing to coherce it towards said change is one of the worst things in our history . '', 
  because it 's just not true , as you now said yourself it depends on a context . 
  sometimes it was bad , sometimes it was n't . 
   people thinking they know best how a society should change and are willing to coherce it towards said change is one of the worst things in our history . 
   mate , that 's literally how christianity started in poland . 
  how is that the worst thing in our history ? 
  this one , mate . 
   now asnwer my simple question not going to before you answer mine . 
   you ironically are absolving these previous impositions onto the majority right now in order to justify your own current desires to do that . 
  you are discussing with things i 've never said . 
  i 'm not absolving them , nor i desire to use them . 
  but nice job on a strawman . 
  i just asked you 2 simple questions if you realize that those things you condone and hate so much and think they are `` the worst in history '' are the very same things that were the basis for christianity and its traditions that you like so much in your country . 
   do n't try to impose social engineering on the rest . 
  unless you are willing for the rest to that unto you as well . 
  you do realize that all those christian traditions are due to church `` social engineering '' ? 
   people thinking they know best how a society should change and are willing to coherce it towards said change is one of the worst things in our history . 
  mate , that 's literally how christianity started in poland . 
  how is that the worst thing in our history ? 
  oh damn , you serious ? 
  stay safe, 
   the `` no magic money tree '' line goes down well with swing voters . 
  what is a basis of this claim ? 
  for me this `` magic money tree '' just seems really arrogant , treating a hard-working nurse like some troublesome kid . 
   again , you have a bad understanding of what real is . 
  i tried to explain many times . 
  nah you just tried asking dumb questions bating for a reaction . 
   low taxes and minimal to no regulations is not libertarianism ? 
   k bro learn to read , bro . 
  i said just those 2 things alone are not representative of libertarianism as a whole . 
  that like basic 2nd grade reading comprehension . 
   as long as you do it without the coercive power of the state and on a voluntary basis with an association , you 're set . 
  you are contradicting yourself there . 
  lack of coercive power of the state is much more than just lower taxes and little regulation . 
  good thing you are the pinnacle of high standards and wisdom with comments like this . 
   but it 's perfectly normal to follow those things on your own . 
  and following them does n't make you a better person or the world a better place . 
   i have a view on religion based on people i spoke and debated with . 
  yeah , same . 
   i was an atheist for 9 years , until i realised that moral relativism , nihilism and post-modernism is destroying me . 
  you do know that those things have nothing to do with atheism ? 
   is human conscience real ? 
  you ca n't see or touch it , you ca n't measure it or possibly research it . 
  science ca n't even fully comprehend what human conscience is . 
  yes you can research it and scientists are researching it . 
  i have no idea what are you talking about . 
  that we do n't yet fully comprehend everything in this world does n't mean you can try to argue for all sort of made up theories on this basis . 
  `` if we ca n't comprehend human conscience then why do you find so hard to believe in zombies and vampires ?!!, 
  ! 1 ? 1 '' completely idiotic argument . 
  also on a basic logical level i know that i have conscience so i can assume other people have it aswell , that 's proof of its existence good enough for me . 
  try harder with you comparisons . 
   can a song or a movie be real ? 
  people often watch a movie and can describe it as ` real ' because it touches upon human emotion and nature , and it ` speaks ' to them . 
  if it ca n't be real , then why are you watching movies or enjoying fiction ? 
  it 's on the same dimension of real as religion is for most people . 
  you are just stating utter nonsense and missing the point atm so i 'm out of this discussion . 
  both songs and movies are perfectly measeurable and observable . 
  god is not , period . 
  people having feelings and emotions while watching a movie does n't mean a story told was real and not made up . 
  people having feelings and emotions while talking to made up deity does n't mean that said deity exists and was n't made up . 
  movies and songs are real , stories told in them often are not . 
  bible is real , stories told in it often are not . 
  at least i 'm glad that you see modern movies serving the same purpose as religon and they are not really different . 
   so basically libertarianism . 
  no , that 's not representative of libertarianism as a whole . 
  that 's pretty much tea party . 
   he can be against all of those things and still be libertarian . 
  that 's just a small percentage of things this `` libertarian '' is against . 
  other include foe example any drugs or contraception but not forced military service . 
  i agree tho , he can call himself libertarian all he wants , the purpose of my post was just to highlight what sort of libertarianism that is .
