   it absolutely should be on the table when discussing trade negotiations . 
  no it should n't because it was never a part of eu cooperation , but a part of nato . 
  what exactly are suggesting here ? 
  breaking your nato obligations because you did n't get what you want in eu negotiations ? 
  well , good luck with that , i 'd honestly love to see that . 
   hy should you get access to our defense network  so why should i go to war for you and pay for it so you feel safe ? 
  because it 's a part of your nato obligations . 
  go read like art. 5 the amount of misinformed brits in this thread is honestly hillarious . 
  seems like you guys held a vote to leave a wrong organisation with all this nato talk . 
   to countries that ca n't even be bothered to hit their 2 % nato target ? 
  how about you total up the cost to uk national tax payers for your use of our defense network . 
  you seem confused , so i 'll try to help you . 
  you are not leaving nato but eu . 
  those 2 are different things , your military and nuclear engagement in european defense is part of your nato obligations . 
  if you have a problem with nato members not meeting their required spending limits then you probably should have a vote to leave nato . 
   the eu do n't want to pay the required costs for nato membership . 
  it 's honestly hilarious when people like you try to talk about things they do n't even have base understanding of . 
  do you understand the difference between nato and eu ? 
  and that they are not parts of each other ? 
  are you tired of winning yet ? 
  squats in adidas tracksuit, 
  also r/polska instead of r/poland ( 8k vs 51k subscribers ), 
  and what `` narrative '' that thread conveyed ? 
  are you really this delusional to think that it got 20k upvotes because people were trying to push the `` racist czech republic '' narrative ? 
  it was just an intresting piece of data about attitiude towards diffrent social groups in eu countries . 
  i 'm just taking a piss out of your hollier than thou attitiude and claims that people upvoted it because it fit the narrative . 
  oh , i 'm very sorry that i upvoted it without checking all the questions first and judging if they were correctly translated in every language . 
  for someome who does n't care your posts here seem bery butthurt . 
  you ca n't really blame russia for our gdp growth , they have very little control over us . 
  eu with all the bureaucrats , regulation and leftist agenda is a much easier target , the narrative is very similar to the brexit one . 
   was there anyone to replace him as a head of po ? 
  and ? 
  what does po leadership has to do with `` there will be no one to vote for except him '' ? 
   first the opposition tried to usurp `` constitution '' , `` democracy '' , now they say `` we are the eu '' . 
  it 's so cheap , herr donald . 
  ah yes of course , all those stupid idiots that said that destroying the constitutional tribunal is just a first episode of many more power grabs yet to come . 
  we just barely stopped a very dangerous reform that would give pis what basically is a complete power over judiciary and now there are talks about nationalization of the media . 
  so yes opposition can `` usurp '' democracy and constitution because our ruling party is not interested in upholding those at all . 
   poland is here to stay in eu , it might be bumpy , but we are in home . 
  you do n't know what 10 years of this shit propaganda can do . 
   tusk is just trying to sweep clean the political scene in poland , so when he comes back there will be no one to vote for except him . 
  wtf does this even mean ? 
  we would n't gain anything other than `` muh sovereignty '' . 
  pis is just pandering to their hardcore base , creating an enemy that they can blame all their shortcomings on and the reason why poland is not great again . 
  honestly this just seems like a play to create conflict there , stick it up and show who 's the boss those pesky leftist `` ecoterrorists '' and show that some brussels technocrats wo n't tell us what to do . 
  there is no other reason do keep doing what they are doing . 
  logging is not really all that effective way to fight with the infestation , money wise they could log somewhere else where it would be much less controversial . 
  i 'm not sure of the specifics , i just know that tendera and his lawyers had some problem with the apology , supposedly it was n't issued in a way that the polish court ordered . 
  germans , you were the ones that elected adolf hitler and nsdap in democratic elections . 
  germans , your taxes financed felonies and mass murders of people . 
  germans , your companies made money on stealing from and murdering polish and other countries citizens . 
  germans , you were the ones that punished with death poles helping jews . 
  germans , your state built deathcamps in occupied europe . 
  germans , stop lying about your history , apologize to karol tandera ( the guy that sued zdf for `` polish death camps '' , won but zdf refused to comply with court order ) and other victims . 
   donald tusk was awarded his eu post for privatizing the few profitable no , he was n't . 
  if that was the case he would privatize much more aggressively . 
  there are still plenty of companies that could be sold . 
   polish state-owned companies at a pittance to germany 's favor specifically pkp energetyka which the rest of the pkp group are utterly dependent on . 
  pkp energetyka was n't sold to ze germans and pkp energetyka was n't sold for pittance . 
  and yes pkp is dependent on what energetyka does but it is still being regulated by ure as it is a part of energy market . 
  nothing really changed for various pkp companies after energetyka was sold and they operate as before . 
   michael tusk was involved in the amber gold pyramid scheme that stole millions and the courts refused the call for their investigation . 
  this is the most hysterical thing in your post :d the fact that tusk worked briefly in some low/middle marketing position in an airline that the guy that orchestrated the scam owned means that tusk was `` deeply involved '' in the scam , lmao . 
   said courts are stacked to the brim with po politicals , no , they are n't . 
  that 's why we have a system that judges elect judges , so there are not any political appointees . 
  pis wants to change that . 
   hich is why po attempted to rush through five of them illegally when it was clear they would lose power to pis . 
  yes , they did and their attempt was stroke down by judges themselves . 
  how is any of that judges fault ? 
   now try to answer them you did n't ask any questions . 
  you just spew a lot of shit and made some wild accusations . 
   without deflecting like you just did usually i just do n't like to waste time on idiots like you . 
   relying on your downvote brigadiers to answer for you . 
  oh , thanks . 
  so many lies in this post i do n't even know where to begin . 
  he has a mixed role , somewhere between us and germany . 
  i listend to his conference and he made it clear that he vetoed that on principles . 
  water bill that makes prices of water for business and farmers higher . 
   yes but that can only happen one time , this year . 
  no , it can happen any time and as many times as they want . 
  you just need a simple parliament majority pass a bill that reorganize the sc . 
  and this reorganization can be anything really . 
  changing the name of the chamber , slightly altering the catalog of cases etc. 
  no , they can chose not reconfirm any of the current judges and chose new ones instead . 
   pervious government would simply shot at her with watercannon or she would get hit with a club . 
  sure thing buddy , that happened so many times, 
  it 's a decent opinion piece about judiciary and the problems we have with it in poland , but there is very little information there about actual reform and they way it is being proceeded . 
  you just said it can happen only once and that 's what i 'm discussing with . 
  the article from the constitution coupled with the new law is what makes it dangerous . 
  if they do it once and somehow they fail and the rulings of sn are still not good enough for them , do you seriously think that there wo n't be a new `` reorganization '' ? 
  that 's just incredibly naive . 
   it can happen only once . 
  it can happen after every reorganization . 
  said reorganization can be as little as changing a name of one of the chambers and slightly altering a catalog of cases they can examine and said reorganization is just an ordinary bill that can be passed by simple parliament majority anytime and as many times as said majority pleases . 
  nah i think he 's just one of those people that brand anyone they disagree with as leftist . 
  education wo n't help much with that . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm just reading through this . 
  the way they are proceeding this makes it really hard to keep up . 
  but as i said either way does n't really change anything .
