  mutual integration . 
   i 've never been able to get behind the argument that the eu prevents wars . 
  i think commerce and having mutually integrated economies prevent wars . 
  when bombs are falling , trade between countries at war stops . 
  for example , us is pretty closely integrated with china so the risk of war is low even if they have different ideologies . 
  the tone of the article is demeaning towards women and uncaring towards men . 
  i do n't see any phrase of concern for men earning less , and there are expressions about `` steering women 's careers '' as if women are cattle . 
   so we can expect feminists to start championing men 's right to equal pay right ? 
  have n't you read the article ? 
  it says this only proves how `` stark '' is the drop-off in women 's earnings after 30 :  the slight salary imbalance in favour of women early on in their careers is particularly interesting , and makes that drop-off point in women 's careers and salaries all the more stark . 
  apparently it is other people who are the cause of women 's problems :  `` women are steered into roles like caring , beauticians and so on . 
  these are poorly paid roles . 
  we need to do more to steer women into non-traditional roles , or at least make it clear to them what these pay '' apparently the solution is to `` steer '' women into different positions . 
  so , the problem is other people controlling women 's careers in a bad way and the solution implies other people steering women 's careers in a positive way . 
  way to go , feminist authors of the article !, 
  good or bad , women 's careers are to be steered by other , as if women do n't have agency and are to be treated as children . 
  yes , we might want to help a few of the most desperate cases but we ca n't assimilate millions . 
  why do n't we solve the problem at the source ? 
  i read that there are very bad conditions in the refugee camps in the countries neighboring syria . 
  we should make conditions better there . 
  that would be nice if they could : 1 . find the nationality of all economic immigrants , and 2 . have treaties in place with the countries of origin . 
  but then immigrants would just burn their passports and not recognize their country of origin , instead pretending to be war/political refugees . 
  and it wo n't stop until immigrants do n't feel the need to move here any more . 
  considering that africa is going to increase its population from 1 to 4 billion until 2100 ( based on projections ) then it is clear that there will be a huge supply of immigrants at our borders for a long time . 
  billions more potential immigrants who are overcrowded and desperate . 
  fun question ? 
  how will we deal with billions of extra people wanting to come to europe ? 
  i think this will turn uglier with time . 
   the boats should be towed back into libyan waters so the immigrants will punch a hole in their boat when then see the coast guard approaching . 
  the only thing to do is to rescue the people out of the water . 
  so , eu should pay libya protection money to get rid of those pesky immigrants ? 
  libya , the new mafia ? 
  can we also kick other countries based on the unpopularity of their leaders ? 
  there was a romanian commenting above about how frustrating it is to be confused with roma . 
  but i think the hardest hit are the `` 8 % '' honest gypsies , being part of an ethnicity that has such a high crime rate . 
  in other words exactly those kinds of gypsies that want to live normally are most affected . 
  this creates a vicious circle where more gypsies are discouraged from living a honest life . 
  watch this : [ gypsy palaces in romania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghtbphqcxcy ), 
   raising the minimum wage does n't really help anyone it does , if it redistributes more money towards low wage people . 
   nothing prevents terrorists from creating their own encrypted applications banning encryption for security is like fucking for virginity . 
  you ca n't re-virginate after the fact . 
  encryption exists , we have to deal with it , not `` ban '' it . 
  as a joke , a romanian newspaper similar with theonion posted an article claiming that all entries to romania should be treated with a meal of pork grill and beer . 
  if they are true romanians , they will eat happily , it 's our favorite passtime . 
  i do n't think this problem is solvable at this level . 
  if terrorists ca n't come directly , they will go around and mix with refugees . 
  we should focus first on the financing and propaganda arm , and maybe trying to identify who they are to ban them from coming here . 
  unfortunately , when power is amassed in the hands of a few , such things happen . 
  in the occident , a few companies such as ms , fb , apple and google have amassed huge riches diminishing our human rights at the same time . 
  regular businesses are fighting for leftovers . 
  in arab countries it is oil that creates super rich and super poor , and the super-poor are charged with anger for being disenfranchised . 
  i have no idea how to fix this underlying problem , but a fix would require wealth and power to be more equally distributed , with a self balancing effect . 
  war is just a way for the super rich to give the super poor a way to channer their anger . 
  it 's a different thing for a country to take refugees on purpose than to suddenly have them at your border and inside . 
  that 's the crux of the matter - immigrant communities creating social separation from the main society . 
  it can stop the `` melting pot '' process dead in its tracks . 
  for example , almost all gypsies everywhere . 
   and he had to resign our pm did n't , but at least he tried to dismiss the committee who was investigating him . 
   a scrawny , effeminate looking guy would be `` super hot '' he does n't need to be appreciated by us . 
  it 's irrelevant to him what we think , did n't even imagine people would rate his `` hotness '' on reddit after participating in the procession . 
  do n't overgeneralize . 
  you only know what one guy said . 
   we had a sudden change from a communist regime ... to a form of jungle capitalism i think it 's more along the lines of - romania not having a decent tax collection agency so people are not afraid to flaunt their money . 
  if they had to justify their money , they 'd immediately become much more modest . 
  refugees do n't want to be `` redistributed '' . 
  they all want in germany . 
   europe has made its bed , and now it has to deal with it . 
  this whole situation comes from muslims being too stuck in the past and not having the same benefits from the progress of civilization . 
  they want to keep their old ways and yet they want the benefits of modern civilization too . 
  they ca n't possibly have both ways , so they become resentful . 
  this resentment is being channeled by terrorist organizations . 
  so , if you look at it from a broader perspective , it 's the cost of catching up to current day , of muslim population . 
  we all know how enormous the cost of evolution was for europe . 
  it 's a difficult process . 
  takes generations . 
  for example , turks , who have always been in europe , are not authors of terrorist attacks , at least i have n't heard of such . 
  like you said , macedonian and bulgarian muslims are ok too . 
  they are up-to-date culturally . 
  the problem is that society is unequally integrated and some groups feel resentment for being left out ( such as blacks in us and muslims in europe ) . 
  when that happens , people think society is unjust and do n't respect its laws any more . 
  for comparison , think of countries with very little violence , such as japan ( the latest mass killing notwithstanding ) . 
  they have a homogenous , well integrated society and violence rate is very much lowered . 
  same for switzerland . 
  the situation is not so simple as to place the blame on `` mental illness '' or religion . 
  it 's about every population , with its own differentiated ways of expression , being integrated well into society , and not being disenfranchised . 
  `` differentiation in integration and integration in differentiation . '', 
  it 's a clash of cultures . 
  muslims have remained stuck in the past both religiously and culturally . 
  they do n't enjoy the same affluence of western countries , and this generates a strong need to improve . 
  on the other hand , they also want to keep the old ways just as they were . 
  it 's impossible to have both , so they feel resentful . 
  even more so for 2nd gen immigrants , who are so close to the `` west '' and yet so far . 
  they feel the distinction most intensely so they are easier to radicalize by hijacking resentment . 
  this whole situation is the cost of unlearning the past - and we all know how difficult it was for the west too . 
  also , turks . 
  there are 1.5 million of them yet i do n't remember ever hearing about a terrorist attack perpetrated by a turk . 
  maybe i 'm just uninformed , but it seems even being muslim is not a good explaining factor . 
  it 's the culture . 
   there is no mental illness there either , just pure unfiltered evil . 
  ok , let 's see ... is `` evil '' even a scientific term used in psychology ?
