  how do you measure evil ? 
  what is the evil threshold that separates terrorists from ordinary people ? 
  do you consider `` evil '' to be objective or subjective ? 
  if it is subjective , then who 's opinion on what is `` evil '' counts most ? 
  i agree with you , the best bang for the buck would be to invest at the source . 
  make syria safe again , so people can return , or at least make better refugee camps in the region , so they do n't need to cross the sea in a boat to be safe . 
  but on the other hand , when you 've finished with syria , another country will go titsup , then another crisis . 
  we need to equally take care of our borders . 
  that means empowering eu even further , for common border controls and army . 
  how would you fix syria without an army to go there and re-establish peace ? 
  we ca n't rely on the us army forever , we need to spend some money and catch up . 
  otherwise , we 're a bunch of countries tied together in a strange way yet unable to cooperate to protect ourselves , unlike us which is more like an organism . 
  a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . 
  if immigrants can get in eu through one of the member countries , all countries lose . 
  since we got in this community together , we need to make sure borders are protected , so one country does n't lower the safety of another . 
  not completely , they are expected to work harder and earn less than natives, 
   eastern european women are materialistic eastern european women have their good points , too . 
  they come from a culture that is warm and they are naturally inclined to be more feminine and affectionate than american women . 
  maybe even more traditional in how they see sex roles . 
  i sometimes hear sad stories about them being used , abused and abandoned . 
  on the other hand , i have heard some horror stories about dating american women . 
  some guys are afraid for being exploited for their money and complain about them being materialistic . 
  so probably all of them are like that , both american and eastern european ? 
  do n't worry . 
  before that happens , people will reverse their attitudes towards foreigners . 
  the effects will cancel out in the long run . 
  nations tend to be more resilient , can survive for thousands of years even without a home country . 
  my country was often cut up and conquered by our neighbors . 
  we were ruled by turks for many centuries , and now there are very few of them here and we only know of them from history books . 
  even with a declining population and immigration , the german nation will be ok . 
  sounds like a piece of cake . 
  eu should fight harder against hate speech , because it 's a key element in recruiting terrorists . 
  we do n't need to be tolerant to all kinds of speech , if they incite to violence and conflict . 
  every time there is a violation , it 's just temporary . 
  there will be no more violations until there are . 
  it 's easier to stop them at the airport than in the mediterranean . 
  terrorism is just lower intensity war . 
  the iraq war and its aftermath averaged 1600 violent deaths per month , so it would be like nice every 1.5 days for 13 years . 
  you can integrate people into societies , but you ca n't integrate societies into societies . 
  the population of africa will increase by 3 billion until the year 2100 , while the population of europe will remain constant or decrease . 
  all those extra billions of africans will want to go where they think life is good . 
  we have n't even begun with the immigration issue . 
  it 's not really dependance on immigration in the long term . 
  it 's just a few more decades until robots take over . 
   there 's going to either be sanity on immigration , or a de facto muslim apartheid in europe . 
  i do n't think we are in this situation because of the politics led by the eu states . 
  muslims and especially refugees are united in many ways - they have their own religion , shared values , shared culture , similar predicament , and their social contacts evolve around their own people . 
  how is this not going to lead to a parallel society ? 
  i think the problem is related to assimilating too many immigrants too fast . 
  it 's becoming easier to for them to live in enclaves and form a parallel society . 
  people need not be only diverse , they should also interact and know each other better . 
  one without the other does n't work . 
  society tries to have both differentiation and integration . 
  it 's hard , because they are opposing tendencies , but at the balance point between the two there is much to be gained . 
  too much of one and too little of the other is not optimal . 
  the same balance between differentiation and integration is essential for the functioning of the brain . 
  neurons in the brain are like people in society . 
  i find it unacceptable too , but until 2100 the population of europe will be stable or decrease while the population of africa will boom with a billion people . 
  the desire to get into europe will be ever higher . 
  how will we cope with that ? 
  since 2004 , the standard of living in romania has improved quite a lot and being member of eu has clearly had a good influence by reducing corruption and imposing more sanity on our politicians . 
  in this time span immigration has fallen from a high point of 544k to 180k people/year . 
  the difference between romanians and immigrants from outside eu is that romanians are only temporarily in spain ( most of them ) . 
  they return home in a few years , build houses and try to have their old life back . 
  many of them go from romania to spain and back multiple times . 
  it 's like soldiers going for a tour on the front , then coming back to their country . 
  i know a village in moldavia ( north-east of romania ) where almost all young men and women are away for work in italy , spain , germany , ireland and other countries . 
  they have build huge houses in their village but most of them are not occupied , as their owners are still away for work most of the time . 
  it 's a tragedy for their neglected kids , though . 
  yes , i wholly agree . 
  that should be the criteria . 
  everyone except germany is in deflation . 
  can eu members sidestep eu and make bilateral treaties with uk , especially where the same issues are being negotiated directly ? 
  just the free trade , until local economy goes to the shitter , and people are left jobless and with no possibility to move to where the jobs are . 
  a return of uk would have to be approved individually by each member country , right ? 
  if a single one says no , then no way to return . 
  not only that , but they might get worse deals with eu if they cozy up to uk , and it would be against their interests . 
  even after divorce , former spouses might have things in common and have to play nice . 
  that only works if uk has no interest in eu , but it does . 
  uk has investments , exports and many other ties with eu so it can not ignore eu even after exit . 
  except that those countries were not part of eu for 43 years and did n't get so integrated with it . 
  uk is like a woman after a break up . 
  you 're comparing with several other single women . 
  it 's not the same . 
  alternatively , we should also consider how much has it costed the central bank to keep the markets calm . 
  as a romanian who was old enough in '89 to understand what was happening , i can say my country has benefited a lot from eu in reducing corruption and the other aspects you mentioned . 
  but i think even uk would have benefited from having eu act as a stabilizing factor in politics . 
  now , as a separate country , it has to find balance on its own . 
  who 's going to counter all the stupid ideas some politicians come with ? 
  the electorate ? 
  it 's better to be in a team , at least in a team everyone watches everyone else . 
  it 's better for the uk politicians to have peers in other countries , or even to be subject to a higher level of politics , than to be completely unhinged . 
  uk behaves like a guy who was member of a club , and one day says : fuck it , i do n't want to abide by the rules and pay my membership fee any more , i quit . 
  but can i still come to hang out around here and still enjoy the benefits ? 
  britain remained in the same exact spot as yesterday . 
  it 's not really bye until they move . 
  ponta 's here to stay for another 40 years . 
  there are at least two different times they did this . 
  here 's a video in romanian about a similar project : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suuhu4mtldg, 
  africans can still work to fulfill their own needs .
