  usually , those who say `` thank god for x '' are almost as bad . 
   thank * god for * bulgaria ftfy, 
  monetary union requires fiscal transfers, 
  and other people want to live now , not leave now . 
  i think this will become a feature of protests - the moment when people light up their phones in sync . 
  also , projecting text/slogans on surrounding buildings by laser . 
  i 've seen this tonight , irl . 
  did n't think it was reddit material though . 
  you mean louie van beatheaven ? 
  you were right . 
  no , they are not supervised by man . 
  they know their way home . 
  that 's how it 's done , when coming home from grazing , cows know the way home . 
  a romanian proverb says `` looking stupid like a calf staring at the new gate '' - which implies that old cows do n't have any problem with old gates . 
  what a blast from the past . 
  i am sure muslim schools treat catholic students better / s, 
  ex-communist party , filled with corrupt people , won election and now wants to make their corruption legal . 
  president is from opposition and wants a referendum . 
  media is full of lies , especially a couple of channels that rival fox news in crazyness . 
  it 's a sad trend - uk voted brexit , usa voted trump , romania put the ex-communist party back in power . 
  all of these are conservative moves , an attempt to bring back the past . 
   we do n't have a lot of ( at least obvious ) corruption here , what did you do to have such an enviable situation ? 
  we 've been waiting almost 30 years to get over the corruption phase , and it 's getting worse . 
  i thought it was getting better when we acceded to eu . 
  i thought it was the old generation that was corrupt , but the current crop of politicians are around 40-50 y.o. 
  so they are young . 
  they grew up learning from their corrupt predecessors . 
  the ex-communist political party ( psd ) is still the most powerful , even after so many years . 
   i doubt that if there 'll be more prisons , judges will be inclined to send more people to jail , just to fill in the vacancies . 
  it happens in better countries than romania too . 
  but i 'd like to hear [ grosse fuge ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xezxjw_s0qs ) on 10000 players . 
  they might accept sexy girls though . 
  they have long been admirers of european beauty . 
  amazing !, 
  please , german speakers , confirm if he has a bad accent . 
  yes , but by acceding to eu they inherit new trade deals . 
  uk lost by leaving , which is exactly the opposite move . 
  really it 's impossible , they are still very nationalistic over there . 
  they would n't play nice at sharing sovereignty . 
  imagine if merkel insisted they took in 100k syrian refugees what scandal would happen - what happened over here would be a storm in a cup of tea , by comparison . 
  sell it to them with the promise of sex with larger breasted women . 
  we 'll send a million large breasted girls over , they can send some boys here as well . 
  population decline solved . 
  that 's why they ca n't meet their great-grandsons . 
  well 14 yo is ok for them because they can get married at 12 ( real case , our self styled `` cioaba , the king of gypsies '' , was marrying his 12 yo daughter in 2003 ) . 
  poor girl even ran from the altar . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.answering-islam.com/gypsy_girl.htm ), 
  this use of `` literally '' is literally perfect !, 
  yeah , we might not have good sex ed , but we do have religion classes ( opt-out possible with written declaration filed at the school ) . 
  it does n't work as well in stopping pregnancies though . 
  in my own words , you ca n't yoke together a strong and a weak horse . 
  the young one would want to run , while the old one would want to go slower . 
  they would both frustrate themselves . 
  euro was the yoke sitting on the economies of various countries , and greece just ca n't pull as hard as germany . 
  thus , the tragedy . 
  you 're right . 
  we need fiscal transfers . 
  the strong horse should accept to pull more than the weak horse , and the yoke should be set up in such a way as this to work efficiently . 
  otherwise , they work better separate . 
  us accepts to raise more taxes in one state and spend more in another . 
  until eu can step up to the same level , it ca n't handle the euro . 
  the politicians have been naive about teaming together so many different countries . 
  a related article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poor_relief i had no idea how long and complex is the history of welfare in uk . 
  a picture is worth 1000 words . 
  here 's [ a graph of population projections by year 2100 , by continent ] ( https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/987502/screen_shot_2014-09-18_at_1.40.05_pm.0.png ) . 
  there are going to be 4b africans ( from 1b now ) , and many are going to want to come in europe . 
  it will not be feasible to take them all in . 
  africa is going to have the largest cities in the world . 
  actually i think it 's a good thing to limit the large employers from doing whatever they want . 
  they want the population only as customers , not as employees , and that 's not good for us . 
  good thing you were born on this side of the fence . 
  maybe china or saudi arabia could come in and buy a few of these small countries when they are in trouble . 
  and they will be in trouble when every small country will have beef with its neighbors . 
   i 'm sorry , but you have nothing to offer us . 
  you do n't actually seem to be sorry . 
  you are not eu and i am not romania . 
  in fact , i am not an immigrant , i am and have always been in my own country . 
  take you vitriol somewhere else . 
  yes , but i want it divided in domains so they ca n't bundle in one person a good policy with a bad one . 
  i want to select the good policy from expert a and the good policy on a different domain from expert b. 
  you could choose a `` base expert '' for all the topics , then stack a few domain-specific experts on top , and also vote personally for some issues . 
  it could be implemented in software on top of regular voting . 
  we would n't need parliament and we could change our affiliations at any point , not just once every 4 years . 
  yes , try romanian , it 's amazing to see how similar they are . 
  some expressions that i was considering to be `` very specific to romanian '' are word for word similar in portuguese . 
  it 's weird . 
   let 's forget we have to house , employ and look after 4 million of them they do n't just leech on state aid , they work hard to make europe great and pay taxes . 
  and their departure from romania has caused lots of kids to grow up without their parents , with very negative effects on their development . 
  it 's both good and bad for romania and eu . 
  you know , those `` latin russians '' ( romanians ) speak a language that is so close to portuguese that they can understand 50 % of it without any lessons . 
  i was at a conference where the talk was live translated in portuguese , i found so many similarities that now i think portuguese is my prefered foreign language . 
  she should form a putin fanclub with drump . 
  i 'd rather have a voting affiliation system . 
  i affiliate my economy vote with expert a that i trust , the health care vote with expert b and so on . 
  their votes are applied to me automatically , but i can change them if i do n't trust them any more , and vote directly on specific issues only if they are important to me . 
  this system would reduce 99 % of the complexity . 
  one problem i have with elections is that i have to vote on people instead of ideas . 
  say , candidate a has a policy i agree with on economy but a policy i do n't agree with on education . 
  now i have to choose what is more important to me from the two domains . 
  i do n't like bundling choices like that , it limits my expressivity .
