  investments can help them accelerate the process of self-improvement . 
   they are just here temporarily until the situation calms down and they can go back most wo n't simply go back later , after they made a life here . 
  it 's even weirder to send back children of immigrants that have no memory of their country of origin . 
  we need a technological an social solution to bootstrap quality of life in their own countries . 
  i think technology will be up to the task ( solar , automation , genetics , water filtration ) , but the social part is difficult . 
  how can billions cooperate in such close proximity , in order to lift themselves out of poverty ? 
  everyone is putting personal well being above cooperation and temporary sacrifice for the common good . 
  maybe we need to train some of the african immigrants in community building and self-reliance and send them back to improve their countries , together with funds and tech ( give a man a fish and you feed him for a day ; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime ) . 
   cynical , atheistic view of nations i prefer an atheistic view , because i do n't want priests to dictate morals to us . 
  religion should not mix with state , they just appeal to the lowest parts of society with bullshit to make them vote right wing . 
   in africa , your children are your retirement and your medical care because no such system exists . 
  yes , that has been the retirement system up until recently , for most societies on earth . 
  you can integrate people into societies , you ca n't integrate societies into societies . 
  they run parallel . 
  the number of immigrants per year and how they are distributed geographically is essential to prevent society-in-society effects . 
  he 's talking about the other hole . 
  then you must have hundreds of thousands of lei worth of hacker software !, 
  and how would you procure the basic needs money ? 
  by issuing new money ? 
  i guess not , it would not be a fixed price system any more . 
  so then , wealth transfers ? 
  but that would be hard to implement , the 1 % have the power . 
   merkel 's way is n't the way we 're going to be having practically you 're going to have to deal with merkel a lot in the next 2 years , and the results of these negotiations will set the tone for the next 10 years . 
  hardly the moment to proclaim freedom from merkel . 
  yet , it is clear that turkey is not a safe country for them . 
  video is pretty funny but the youtube player is annoying as hell . 
  whenever i try to pause in order to catch up with reading the super-fast subtitles , it shows a row of video thumbs right on top of the subtitles . 
  we ca n't pause to read any more , because it has to advertise . 
  wtf ? 
  yep , once in musikverein , and another time at vienna hofburg orchestra . 
  i 've been to the opera too , and it 's amazing :-), 
  i love vienna , my only critique is that the `` classical concerts '' being advertised in the city to tourists are just a collection of famous fragments . 
  i have listened to more serious classical music in my home country . 
  but probably viennese melomaniacs do n't go to those concerts and i , as a mere tourist , had no idea what i was going to . 
  same for the touring viennese orchestra that sometimes comes to bucharest - they only play fluff pieces , easily the most accessible that can be found ( mostly strauss ) . 
  it made me sad to see them go to the lowest common denominator . 
  trump ranks america first !, 
  technological progress leads towards automation , so in the future countries will produce locally and rely less on international trade . 
  uk might come out ok alone , after all . 
  on the other hand , it might have gotten out of eu too early . 
  we shall see by how well it evolves after separation . 
  romania has a similar newspaper called [ times new roman ] ( http://timesnewroman.ro ) ( romanian times ?? ) . 
  it 's my preferred newspaper , even though all the news are fake ( satirical in fact ) , somehow they are more truthful . 
  i would have liked to see an english proficiency top of the capitals , not countries . 
  there is a large disparity between capital and countryside messing up the significance of the statistics . 
  we have all the choice here : we can accept either all the turks or all the refugees they can send our way . 
  it 's what happens when education and health are turned into for-profit businesses - they get to expensive and unfairly discriminate against the poor . 
  they work against the common good of the country . 
  some things should optimize for wellbeing instead of $ . 
  so many missing countries . 
  does anyone have a complete list ? 
   they need post communist eu countries more than they think and more than they would like to admit . 
  they wo n't find better immigrants than those coming from europe . 
  even if they come from the eastern europe , they are still from europe and assimilate much easier . 
   germany produced significantly less radioactive waste i thought germany uses lots of coal , so , more radioactive waste . 
   i do n't think pointing at how `` clean '' nuclear is makes a lot of sense you should n't lump all types of nuclear together . 
  there are big differences in cleanliness and risk . 
  you can click a country to select immigration only to/from that country . 
  it seems i had a lot of wrong ideas - for example , people are mostly returning to romania from spain instead of emigrating , and romania -  uk immigration is barely registering , especially compared to many other eu countries . 
  weirdly , syria has emigration from romania , not towards - the only eu country that has a net export of people to syria . 
  if you click syria you can see how few refugees they are sending towards europe compared with their neighbors ( map does n't include 2016 though ) . 
  but thank god for romania !, 
  makes everyone look good . 
  i 've been disappointed as well . 
   people migrate to where there are employment opportunities . 
  and in the country of origin unemployment decreases and businesses are forced to raise the salary to hire the remaining people . 
  so , migration has a regulatory and equalizing effect on jobs . 
  bolan , use sausage to space !, 
   simple steps ? 
  future phones would be more private without 3g , just wifi . 
  black cat , white cat - my favorite european movie . 
  it 's extremely funny and the music is amazing . 
   `` uk economy grows faster than thought ( ** who ? 
  ** ) - bbc news '' that 's the point . 
  it 's relative to someone 's expectations , but we do n't know who . 
  could be any party or social group . 
  that map was from 2010 . 
  here 's [ the 2015 version ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/inglehart-welzel_2015.jpg ) where romania is a little bit more to the right on the horizontal axis and moldova on the extreme left side . 
  one thing i got from this map is that `` orthodox christianity ~ = islamism '' . 
  and not just in beards , how they dress and how religious music sounds , but also in values : more focused on survival and tradition , less individualistic and scientific . 
  also , protestantism is to catholicism like catholicism is to orthodoxy - more individualistic . 
  the obvious solution is that european news publishers should create their own google and facebook , that surpass even the originals in popularity , and keep all the profits . 
  french guys , go to vote !, 
  do n't let a stupid mistake ruin your country . 
   do you really expect these countries just to finance deficit spending with the prospect of never gtting that money back ? 
  yes , if they have the same currency . 
  because if the problem country had its own currency , it could have used other methods , such as lowering the exchange rate . 
  in us too , some states get more money than they put in the budget . 
  let 's make an analogy : if you have a carriage and you yoke together two horses , one young and powerful , another old and weak . 
  they wo n't pull the same , the powerful horse is going to be held back and the weak horse forced to walk faster than it needs to . 
  the yoke is the common currency . 
  the strong horse is germany , the weak one is greece . 
  so if you want to have them work side by side , you need to boost the weaker one . 
  the french revolution was n't for nothing . 
  even now , two centuries later , they are still more oriented towards social and welfare than most other countries . 
  uk is not even our top choice . 
  it 's # 4 or # 5 down the list . 
  you 'd be surprised but romanians prefer to immigrate to italy ( 46 % ) , spain ( 34 % ) and germany ( 7 % ) more than uk . 
  in fact , uk is a mere blip ( 4 % ) in romanian immigration choices . 
  source - [ romanian imigration map ] ( http://storage0.dms.mpinteractiv.ro/media/1/186/3936/12334771/8/harta-europa-emigranti-romani.png ),
