  and who the fuck are you to say that ? 
  why are some people 's opinion better than others ' ? 
  the general procedure during such cases is to hold a referendum , which was never granted . 
  that was the opinion of the average russian in the 90s . 
  for a variety of reasons , it became quite unpopular . 
  yeah about that , it 's nothing more than speculation . 
  considering that these flybys are a solid cold war tradition carried by both sides , i highly doubt that all of a sudden some officers wanted to refuse such `` aggressive '' orders . 
  i 'm pretty sure putin would n't even mind giving independence to chechnya , if only that meant stability for the region . 
  the reason why the 2nd chechen war even happened was because while being de-facto independent it became a hell hole filled with wahhabi inspired terrorists . 
  this region was a huge pain in the ass ever since the 1830s , and honestly as bad as kadyrov is the article is right , there are n't any good alternatives . 
  interesting stuff , would you mind telling me how you know this ? 
  not criticizing , just legitimately interested . 
  that makes sense i guess . 
  however that is only a band aid at the end of the day , integrated immigrants ( starting from 1.5-2 generation ) have fundamentally the same birth rate as the rest of the population . 
  i 've always supported immigration because of the low fertility , europe absolutely needs immigrants ( besides being an immigrant myself ) . 
  but it also needs a proper demographic control policy . 
  it 's not something that can be just left there , the consequences from lack of demographic control are huge . 
  i know a lot of people have a kneejerk reaction to it stemming from the one child policy , however in this case there is n't really anything immoral in it . 
  this article is trying way too hard to throw shit on putin . 
  i mean , there 's a big difference between a stalin purge and firing people . 
  firing all the people in a certain department is n't something new and it kinda works , georgia fired literally all traffic policemen once and corruption actually decreased . 
  i 've always had this question , why do n't western european states enact some sort of large families campaign ? 
  russia for example gives very big subsidies to families who have more than 2 children . 
  i 'm not saying the eu should have a population like china , but i think that at least getting up to the replacement rate would be a good idea . 
  well the it and agricultural industries have long been pointed out as ukraine 's shining points , and for good reason . 
  however i doubt that 's good enough for a country that big . 
  besides , corruption at best has remained the same since yanukovich , and politically the country is extremely unstable . 
  these investors that are mentioned might just be huge risk takers , and they have a pretty good chance of getting burned . 
  the title is wrong , i thought they named the street after vlasov who was actually russian . 
  anyway nothing really new , lviv and western ukraine in general have long had bandera streets and statues . 
  do n't worry , same thing happens in american tv . 
  honestly i feel sad for the ukrainians . 
  the current situation is just sad , the country has gone and keeps going to shit , and there are no politicians good enough to turn it around . 
  ultra nationalism is on the rise , which makes it all more likely that the country will just split . 
  i mean you could say the same thing about places like libya or yemen , nobody cares about them but the fighting is still going on . 
  it 's just not interesting because it 's positional fighting . 
  i think ukraine will come back in the spotlight eventually . 
  i just do n't see the current impassable situation lasting . 
  funnily enough it was mostly an anti-polish ban , considering that vilnius was essentially a polish city before stalin , same as with lviv . 
  a lot of people tend to forget that . 
  hmm , i mistakenly attributed lithuanian statistics to the rest of the baltics . 
  protestantism probably had a hand in those literacy rates , which did n't apply to lithuania of course . 
  in any case i read that article , essentially a written form of the video . 
  he still focuses on the post-war years , where the `` donorship '' actually starts to make sense if we assume that pre-war baltic states were better off , and suffered less from war , comparatively . 
  the thing is that the ussr under stalin was different than in any other period . 
  he was n't too keen of `` forgiving and forgetting '' rebellious regions , especially nazi collaborators . 
  i never got the sense that the baltic countries were particularly anti-nazi , to put it mildly . 
  anyway , the budget `` donor vs receiver '' argument is limited in its usefulness . 
  if the baltic states exported high tech products into the rest of the ussr , it seems only fair to me that they paid more to the budget . 
  it was a socialist state after all . 
  my point is that the ussr did n't try to make the baltics into backward agricultural nations , and i doubt that all of that high-tech industry existed at the time of the annexation . 
  also , as a sidenote , i really hate the `` donor vs receiver '' argument . 
  it just shows the worst of human nature , like when the rich guy is complaining about paying more than the poor guy . 
  is that the best you can do ? 
  a few things to criticize : - using data from freaking 46-47 requires a careful analysis of exactly what was happening . 
  germany was still supposed to be made into an agricultural nation at the time . 
  why the hell did n't he show data for the 60 or 70 , when there were no special circumstances ? 
  - the bit about military expenditures in 46-47 ( ca n't stress this enough ) , literally only includes military related stuff on that page . 
  it says `` balance sheet n \u00b0 8 '' on that 1.6 billion entry , which makes it hard to believe this is the whole budget . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but for completeness sake it would 've helped if he showed other figures like reconstruction budgets and stuff . 
  - the difference for 1985 is like what , 1 % ? 
  why is this even mentioned ? 
  you 've had 50 years of data , ca n't you show something better than 1 % ( and not one year after the war , with stalin still alive and kicking ) . 
  - finally , the most important one . 
  did latvia have a thriving farmaceutical industry before the war ? 
  considering it was mostly exporting resources at that time , i highly doubt it . 
  which means that the soviet government decided to put it there . 
  that 's literally what investment is . 
  as far as i know the baltic republics had a good quality of life under the soviet union ( comparatively ) , finishing whatever industrialization they started after the first independence ( and before that , they were the backwater region of a backwater empire ) . 
  i also would n't trust english wikipedia on ukraine since plenty of butthurt ukrainian internet warriors constantly edit it to match their revisionist history . 
  i 'm not even mentioning ukrainian wikipedia itself which is just sodom & gomorrah . 
  strange , russian wikipedia says \u0423\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0438\u043d\u0430 meant `` inner borderlands '' as opposed to \u041e\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0438\u043d\u0430 which used to mean `` outer borderlands '' . 
  this version is supported by many ukrainian and foreign scholars . 
  and it makes sense . 
  ukraine was on the border with the tatar khanates , poland and russia and frequently changed hands . 
  it was by the will of the ukrainians themselves that this topology expanded to cover areas that were called `` little russia '' . 
  part of which was fighting in the east for the national guard . 
  same thing for donetsk , there were 1-2 people killed here , one of the neighborhoods was without electricity and water , shells even arrived way inside the town , near `` donetsk city '' one of the biggest malls . 
  i mean i know i 'm expecting too much from r/europe but how about you fucking report it as `` fighting has restarted '' rather than `` russian troops doing something '' . 
  in all seriousness though , it 's actually pretty mundane and boring unless you literally go to the frontline . 
  russia mostly destroyed them by using precise modern artillery , not tanks . 
  the fact that it was used in 2014 in the summer is pretty much common knowledge , 2015 seems much less likely . 
  regardless , javelins are not a panacea and will most likely mean that the `` rebels '' will have godlike artillery , all of a sudden . 
  my family hid behind one of these carpets during ww2 when nazis came knocking . 
  there was a niche in the wall behind it . 
  yeah nobody cares about that . 
  business is business . 
  in any case this was always the way it was gon na work . 
  get plausible deniability and you 're good to go . 
  hey , at least it 's not like in ukraine where the largest denomination is worth less than 20 freaking euros . 
  the minsk agreements were stipulated when ukraine was in extremely dire situations , militarily . 
  why is russia the one that 's supposed to capitulate by giving up the borders for free ? 
  i get that capitulation is really the only true requirement for lifting sanctions , but do n't call it `` complying to minsk '' . 
  the country that has the ball in their court there is ukraine , according to the text ( both literal and between the lines ) of the agreements . 
  eh , i mean it does n't stop them from proposing and passing reforms for an american-style paid healthcare , despite the fact that socialized medicine is written into the constitution . 
  it only exists when it proves the party 's point of view . 
  architecture is probably the best thing about the stalin period . 
  residential buildings actually looked like buildings and not a bunch of square blocks stacked on top of each other . 
  point taken , bot . 
  am i the only one who actually likes it ?
