  uhm , the reason why that happened that the site conveniently does n't mention , is that yesterday there were some weird shootings at the border , with russian sources saying that some unknown ukrainians shot russian border guards . 
  with that said , i doubt anything important is gon na happen . 
  the biggest problem in the west is that people blindly trust their media even though it 's biased . 
  not as much as other media , and certainly not as openly , but it still does have its own agenda . 
  foreign propaganda can serve as a useful tool to see where you should dig deeper and try to find something close to the truth from alternative sources . 
  and a few months before everyone voted for the preservation of the soviet union . 
  people did n't really know what to vote for at the time and they were easily swayed . 
  in any case i 'm not contradicting you . 
  sharing the same state does n't mean they 're the same people , but in the case of ukraine it gets really complicated in some regions . 
   also noticed berlin is there as `` liberated '' . 
  til enemy is not defeated and conquered , enemy is liberated . 
  i think that `` we liberated a population misguided by evil people '' is a better mindset to have than `` we conquered an evil population '' . 
  today everybody considers the nazis as evil , not the germans in general , and that 's good considering how much bad blood there would be . 
  the ussr was the first communist state in the world . 
  given how the russian civil war played out , as well as later history ( like all of the 20th century ) i do n't think it 's a stretch that the west if given the chance would have destroyed the ussr . 
  i 'm perfectly aware of it , far more than you actually , judging from how in your mind `` russian aggression '' explains everything . 
  perhaps i was n't clear . 
  nobody is denying that there 's a ukrainian ethnicity , which was derived from pre existing local differences and the polish domination . 
  the ukrainian people have their roots in the farmers that lived on the right bank of the dniepr , and the zaporizhian sich has very little to do with their ethnogenesis . 
  modern ukraine incorporates territories and cities that could have just as well been russian , which is why the whole east vs west conflict exists . 
  where did i deny that ? 
  the initial diversification happened under the poles , but after that they shared a single state for quite a while , which just ca n't be understated . 
  the soviet union was hardly occupation , it created modern ukraine , revitalized the language and gave it its current borders . 
  also ukraine and belarus have been part of the russian empire for longer than the us existed , depending on the region . 
  saying that they had completely different experiences is misleading . 
  the problem today derives from the fact that ukraine is n't ethnically homogenous , because it has a lot of territories that were settled under russia . 
  no , it happened because of the instability related to the coup and the severing of ties with russia . 
  every single big enterprise left in ukrainian territory is sitting still , even gas consumption has diminished sharply because of that . 
  the loss of major industrial areas has also helped towards the economic fall , but it 's debatable whether it 's due to russia or your own stupidity in dealing with separatism . 
  that 's true . 
  but there 's a big difference between putting down bricks to build it and wrecking all the buildings that were already there . 
   what i was saying is that even if they wanted , they do n't have  the power to impose its will on european countries ( and others )  as if we were in the 19th or 20th . 
  russia is n't enough powerfull  and germany does n't want a sphere of influence and even if , it  would n't be based on religion . 
  well if putin has shown one thing it 's that you do n't need to be even remotely comparable to your enemy to take fights with them . 
  as long as you have nukes . 
  there are many people who say germany already has one . 
  european leaders are pushing britain to get out . 
  britain has always been the 51st state and a major pain in the ass in the eu . 
  these things are not necessarily connected , but it ca n't be ruled out . 
  add to that the immediate talks of pan-european army and further integration after britain voted out . 
  i 'm pretty sure turkey can deal with terrorists it funds itself , not to mention that they are a consequence of nato intervention . 
  i do n't think turkey cares too much about nato membership . 
  does n't mean they 'll get out , but it 's something that russia could have as a goal . 
   well ... 
  i think that at the current time , outside of separatists  every ukrainians hates russia . 
  and there are a lot of things more  likely to happen than collapse of france but most of it wo n't  happen . 
  that 's not true at all , government support is at an all time low , do n't be fooled by the fact that english speaking media are filled with fanatical supporters of the government . 
  the east-west gap is too wide , and a partition will benefit the long term stability of the region . 
  at this point something like bankruptcy or another coup will destroy ukraine , which will happen once it 's discarded like a used condom by the western countries . 
  it 's a plan of american counteraction , an idea that has gained traction since 1997 . 
  his plan relies on the fact that continental europe wants to break free of american hegemony , which might be true given the reaction to the brexit . 
  getting turkey and its nuke bases out of nato has been a major priority of the soviet union since the cuban crisis , though right now with the new nato members it 's starting to be outdated . 
  ukraine might be annexed partially if it collapses . 
  the eu would probably be begging for it if that happens . 
  not a likely turn of events , but it 's more likely than say the collapse of france . 
  georgia after 2008 is the same as before , they never had control of those territories anyway . 
  georgian neutrality suits russia just fine i believe . 
  as for things like annexation of finland or partition of china , that 's just fantasy . 
  among other things , he also mentioned that china is the ultimate enemy , while currently they 're getting pretty cozy . 
  frankly , the things he wrote are general geopolitical considerations to which anyone could arrive after taking the russian perspective ( a realistic one , not rainbows and eu membership ) . 
  does n't mean that the situation will allow it or that it will be executed in that exact way . 
  that picture is not a joke . 
  i thought it was well established that the azov battalion is thoroughly nazi . 
  just use the google dns server . 
  it 's good that she got elected . 
  maybe now people will finally realize how stupid and futile the m5s is . 
  piratebay is alive and kicking btw , it 's way better . 
  anyway in the long run shutting down these sites is useless , it 's exactly the same as fighting a hydra . 
  remember megaupload , after it died many other streaming sites sprung up that are even better . 
  the article is making it sound as if we 're some kind of evil people standing on the path of progress , when in reality the ttip is the shittiest deal ever , basically surrendering the union to ( us ) corporations . 
  praises go to this man for spreading awareness of this deal . 
  it has to be said that the m5s is not the same kind of populist as the ukip or other far right parties , for that we have the lega nord . 
  indeed the m5s has a much stronger rhetoric against `` the establishment '' rather than the eu , that 's mostly the reason why they 're `` on the rise '' . 
  the elections in turin were all about the people and not the parties or their positions . 
  bologna is definitely one of the better ones , especially for humanities . 
  it 's pretty much a university city so if you 're not afraid of partying you 'll be great . 
  in terms of culture the region is pretty good as well , plenty of history in the area . 
  italy is actually suprisingly good , the expenses are pretty small including the universities , which are pretty decent , some even make it to the top 50 worldwide . 
  the one in my city ( politecnico di torino ) offers bachelors degrees in english as well , collaborating with some british university . 
  oh and the entry requirements usually only take in consideration the results of an entry test , and the sat is also accepted as an alternative . 
  even when ukraine organizes it ? 
  maybe . 
  point is , we never got to find out . 
  it 's the shittiest reason ever for not doing a referendum . 
  it seems that you 're not getting my point . 
  whatever . 
  short of an actual invasion , for which there would be no casus belli , i do n't see how they could influence it anymore than the other side . 
  and frankly they were right . 
  i shudder to think what might have happened if ukraine had nukes right now . 
  does n't it specify that popular self-determination is one of the highest principles ? 
  in any case , as was with scotland , granting a referendum is the accepted procedure . 
  it 's more because the allegedly `` pro-western '' leaders became the richest and most corrupted men in the country . 
  the actions of nato in the 90s also did n't help at all . 
  i was n't talking about russia , i was talking about the ukrainian revolutionary government granting a referendum . 
  or just in general not treating the locals like human garbage through media and actions . 
  nato is n't interested in war as much as russia is n't interested . 
  if the other side just rolled over and died then they would be happy to cease the war as there would be no point in it . 
  a nuclear free world is hell , not a dream . 
  i mean , your own example amply shows that . 
  with no nukes , you can damn sure expect ww3 to happen soon .
