uhm , rfe has existed far longer than rt. 
  it was designed with the specific purpose of bringing propaganda to warsaw pact countries . 
  the russian government just copied the concept . 
  rfe is junk , not as much as ukrainian or `` liberal '' media perhaps , but they have a very clear agenda . 
  also they do post fake news , usually not as primary source though . 
  and this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  apparently encouraging procreation is now `` fascist '' and `` misogynist/sexist '' . 
  on the other hand , this is a shitty campaign . 
  it 's not like people will think `` oh so you need to have sex to have a baby ? 
  totally did n't know that ! '' . 
  most people have fewer children because of economic reasons , so give economic incentives . 
  maybe run a few campaigns for people who are legitimately infertile . 
  ah yes because nationalism has always led to great results . 
  it also magically spawns 1000 abrams tanks , 50000 m4s and teaches your army how to fight . 
   hitler was planning on exterminating the entirety of eastern europe on the basis of ethnicity . 
  really ? 
  much worse ? 
  itt : people focusing on stalin 's evilness while forgetting that hitler was planning on exterminating the entirety of eastern europe on the basis of ethnicity . 
  uhm , are you serious ? 
  do you forget about the whole auschwitz and warsaw ghetto things ? 
  now that 's just not true . 
  please do n't forget that hitler ideated and ran a fucking industrial killing machine for the extermination of entire ethnicities . 
  stalin 's victim count has been highly exaggerated either by faking numbers ( like the 6 million or more attributed to the holodomor ) or assigning to him the deaths related to the worst war in world 's history . 
  i mean , he still killed a lot of people and was a motherfucker , but let 's all remember who 's the focus of this day . 
  just as a curiosity , what barbarism did the ussr inflict on latvia exactly ? 
  watching this map makes me realize just how close the nazis came to controlling europe, 
  it 's blatantly partial and basically full of speculations . 
  a curious thing about electric cars : due to the way batteries work , the car gets progressively slower and slower the less charge it has . 
  this car or a p90d can only do a few of these super fast accelerations before it just straight up runs out of juice . 
  matt farah did a video on a p90d recently and said the effect was noticeable even after one acceleration . 
  also he used like 10 miles of `` range '' every 1-2 miles when pushing it hard . 
  are you even thinking about what you 're saying ? 
  you 're punishing the people that live in the area because they happen to think differently or are just trapped there ? 
  you know , the us adopted a similar strategy in vietnam of carpet bombing the shit out of the north hoping that the people would overthrow the regime or pressure them to stop the war . 
  it just made them angrier . 
  i feel like the anti corruption office is n't going anywhere . 
  either it has too little power to counteract the rest of the corrupt government ( corruption in ukraine really does start from the highest echelons ) , or if it has a lot of power 99 % it becomes yet another corrupted institution . 
  in other words , `` look at these numbers we pulled out of our ass ! '', 
  i really hate that terrorist attacks in turkey get dismissed as `` eh , they 're close to syria '' while any attack in france raises a massive shitstorm . 
  condolences to all the victims of this attack , hopefully soon enough something will be done to end them . 
  the thing that most people do n't understand ( especially at the time ) was that the coup was not about returning to pre-gorbachev times , it was about embracing the chinese model which was already starting to bear fruits at the time . 
  gorbachev fucked up the country in every way imaginable , but reform was certainly needed . 
  if i had to choose between what we have now and pre-gorbachev ussr i would 've chosen this timeline ( also because i would n't be able to write this from italy ) , but there was a much better alternative , the chinese model . 
  some careful reforms would 've spared us from the countless deaths due to starvation or wars , which is what people associate to the fall of the soviet union . 
  https://plus.google.com/109544899926939084882/posts http://vvmoroko.blogspot.it/ maybe not a direct member , but a sympathizer ( has svoboda in his circles lol ) and hardly an unbiased source . 
  the relatively high support in countries like germany or italy is pretty suprising honestly . 
  now reverse the perspective . 
  ukraine is thought as the bad guy in russia , so this image shows that the russian athletes get cozy with the enemy . 
  and frankly , what you 're saying is probably true . 
  as a donetsk native i would avoid any ukrainian who is clearly into this `` russia invading us through local terrorists '' narrative . 
  same goes for them , they would likely avoid any russian who is not a liberal . 
  so the athletes are either people who just do n't give a fuck , or sympathizers of the `` enemy '', 
  i personally fell in love with sardinia this summer , the place is just incredibly beautiful , the beaches are awesome and the landscapes too . 
  the little towns on the sea are also gems . 
  in my opinion it has just the right balance of wilderness and modern infrastructure . 
  sadly the fact that it 's an island makes it a bit hard to reach , i 've seen very few non-italian tourists there . 
  according to your logic this picture is as much pro-ukrainian as it is pro-russian . 
  it is pathetic , because russians are n't throwing outraged shitposts about this `` betrayal '' , they understand perfectly well that politics should n't get in the way of personal relationships . 
  except for germany maybe , there are indeed very few `` true '' russians living in europe . 
  how old are you ? 
  it seems weird honestly that nobody uses anything like whatsapp , i always disliked the fb messenger personally . 
  in any case even randomly writing to people is somewhat creepy , it 's mostly used to get to know people you randomly meet and maybe exchange a brief chat with . 
  does nobody use whatsapp ? 
  here nobody actually uses fb messenger , the only exception is when looking for pussy . 
  at this point , with the bridge being built up , it 's not a huge priority . 
  they released a video of his `` confession '' so to say . 
  he was a soldier , not an electrician as they try to spin it up and he was n't kidnapped , he crossed the border on a recon mission earlier . 
  yeah i should 've realized earlier that you are n't old enough for serious talk . 
  aaaand at this point the discussion is over . 
  wow . 
  you 're really deluded if you think that media owned by a few oligarchs , incuding the fucking president , can be balanced . 
  i might have conceded that before the revolution , when there were two strong factions fighting . 
  after that though one faction vanquished the other , and even media owned by the opposition started singing to the tune of the government . 
  as an example inter and korrespondent are owned by firtash , 1 +1 , tsn and unian are owned by kolomoyskiy , segodnya and the channel ukraina are owned by akhmetov , ictv and others are owned by pinchuk . 
  all of these should be in some way or another at odds with the government , yet some of those publications are probably the most '' '' `` patriotic '' '' '' . 
  i can understand on my own what is junk and what is n't , do n't need your advice . 
  if you want proof they 'll likely post it later , investigation is still going . 
  i doubt it , more likely that they 're supported by the republics , they 're too small time to be directly funded by russia . 
  sometimes a look in the mirror does wonders . 
  ukrainian media does n't even stand to scrutiny on basic impartiality standards . 
  not to mention the countless fake news and distortions they 've put out over the course of these years . 
  ever heard of anatoliy shariy ? 
  he examines them pretty much daily since 2 may . 
  what ? 
  you 're not even making sense . 
  they found a stash , and those people around it . 
  i was perfectly aware of those , but they 're a little bit different both in scope and perpetrators . 
  they were conducted by underground separatist movements , sending more of a message than anything else . 
  this was basically a state sanctioned act , with a whole lot more explosives . 
  how do you explain the explosives then and the fire support ? 
  previous rumors talked of a btr supporting them through the sivash , now it seems it was even heavier than that . 
  i wo n't even comment the last bit , i 'm just interested in what `` terroristic attacks '' russia has conducted in ukraine . 
  it 's a pretty serious offence honestly , it can be used as casus belli . 
  i doubt it will , but perhaps some heavy sanctions might follow . 
  so , what do you think actually happened ? 
  false flag operation ? 
  they mistakenly crossed the border ? 
  it 's important not to have double standards here , if you 're ready to believe in russian soldiers captured in ukraine , why ca n't the opposite happen as well ? 
  frankly so far it 's nothing revolutionary , just restoring the status quo . 
  we 'll see if they reach some kind of understanding in regards to syria and other geopolitical issues .
