  [ just this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjjn08uqt70 ), 
  the main reason why this data is not relased to the public imediately is because the research groups that put the money want to milk it for results first . 
  in the long run , these data of high energy physics experiments is always relased , so other groups can analyse the data . 
  i though no electronic comunication devices were allowed during the conclave . 
  who then did nsa spy on pope francis ? 
  i guess i 'm not as shrewd as you are . 
  one would assume that junqueras objective is to achive independece for catalonia not win the elections . 
  i do n't see guardiola going as 3rd since he is not a politician , maybe as last on the electoral list . 
  more significant that this are the rumors of historical socialist party members joining such coalition . 
  that would be awesome . 
  being from barcelona , but living in munich now , what surprises me the most , is that there is n't a host of pickpockets taking advantage of the situation . 
   i do n't think we can historically accuse the popular party of having an  anti-catalan and pro-castilian attitude in the language used in the balearic  schools . 
  i do agree pp has change its position in recent times . 
  their leaders certainly did n't start to complain about catalan being the main languange in schools in catalonia and mallorca until the early 2000 's ( it was different in valencia ) . 
  in general pp was much more moderate pre 2000 's absolute majority . 
  since then however the hardliners have been dictating the politics of the party , and pursuing nationalist policies . 
  i think the decree of 92/1997 , of july the 4rth stablished at least 50 % of the subjects to be in catalan and the rest to be decided by the school . 
  which was a reduction of the presence of catalan from the previous law . 
  i know , i was going to look for the specific numbers but i see you posted them yourself in another post . 
  i can claim that because i know that the classes taught in catalan are reduced from nearly all to a third . 
  how is it misleading ? 
  i genuinly do n't see it . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure , but i assume all subjects are taught in catalan except for spanish and english . 
  spanish has overwhelming presence on the media , plus all catalan speakers also know spanish but not the oposite . 
  you are right that there are not enough funds or preparation to introduce english as a learning language . 
  however the main objective of the trilingual system is just reduce the presence of catalan in the balearic schools , which parents and teachers opose , and lead to protests . 
  the ultimate goal of this reform is to make it difficult for children from non-catalan speaking families to learn catalan , thus allowing demographic pressures to reduce the percentage of catalan speakers in the balearics , making the language more and more irrelevant . 
  reducing the number of speakers, 
  one more reason to get out . 
  my impression that they let everyone go with next to no local language skills . 
  also please note that if you go to catalonia be aware that many of the courses are taught in catalan . 
   they 're going to do what is needed to avoid having to bail spain , minus catalonia , minus basque country out again . 
  and that would be inevitable if they let it come to a non-negotiated secession , as spain would be left with all the debt . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  some would say catalan independece is a quixotic idea ... 
  which totaly unrelated to the fact that a country can euros and not be part of the eu . 
  :d well andorra is not in the eu , but it is an interesting idea . 
  i think ot is very likely that catalonia obtains independence on the following two years , since that is what the majority of people want , and the spanish government ca n't put millions of people in jail . 
  the academy of the valentian language says tha catalan and valencian are gthe same language , as any linguist would tell you . 
  also in my personal experience all valencian people i 've meet agree . 
  you mean rajoy 's goverment , right ? 
  it was the flag of the county of barcelona , which is why catalonia get the vanilla version . 
  the rest is correct . 
  edit : haha angry spaniards ca n't handle the facts . 
  go to any of the vilages of the ebro delta and tell them that they do n't know how to make paella ... 
  spain ca n't veto catalonia 's membership in the shengen area though , which is what matters ass far as tariff-free comerce . 
  i do n't think rajoy is ending this week as president of the goverment . 
  i will never understand why having a cultural identity and wanting to preserve it makes me an evil nationalist just because i do n't have an state backing me up . 
  for the one who do n't know he was stealing from his own party . 
  one wonder how much money they were making to not miss $ 61 million . 
  notice the pro-independence flag in the back !, 
  and they are not members of the eu , humm ... 
  i 'm well aware of the number of allowed periodic publications in 1968 : 4 . 
  one being for children . 
  no daily newspapers . 
  compare that with the numbers in the republican period . 
  i do n't belive anything published by el mundo , they are on a permanent slandering campaign . 
  the fact that they can publish forged documents to crash an electoral campaign and get away with it , it symptomatic of the low regard for democracy there is in spain . 
  lets face the facts : 27 % unemployment , and very small economic growth ( being optimistic ) in the foreseeable future . 
  this is going to cause emigration , particularly of young people . 
  after reading more news about this , there si no evidence at all he was a spy or a salafist . 
  he was a representative of the assoiaton of cultural islamic organisations in catalonia , and served as a nexus between the goverment and the islamic comunity . 
  he was in charge to keep a eye into the imams and report to the authorities . 
  his support of pro-independece probably made him as many enemies in morocco ( sahara issue ) as in spain , so they deceded to kick him out , so it can be replaced with someone more in the line of the moroccan goverment . 
  yes , sure , we should be grateful the borbons banned our language and gave us the great gift of the spanish language , which is obviously a lot more usefull !, 
  it is a mistery why they still quip speaking that useles patois , sure they just do it for the priviledges . 
  lol , tell that to my parents generation , who were punished in school for speaking in catalan , and never got the oportunity to lear how to write it , to the people who got into prison and tortured for using it in public events ... such level of cinism is astounding . 
  the situation in catalonia has nothing to do with spain signing a random charter in 2001 , but more with the last 300 years of history , as it should be obvious . 
  1 ) you missunderstood . 
  of course there are taxes colected in catalonia . 
  but the one in charge to do so is for the most part the spanish goverment , so they are the ones in charge of fighting fraud , at least on the taxes they collect . 
  2 ) tell me where you think it should be cut , and wont afect the services to the people . 
  6 ) i totally agree there should be a referendum to stop the infinite discussion in this issue once and for all . 
  regardless of the outcome it would be good for spain and catalonia . 
  1 ) catalan goverment does n't colect taxes ( at least not the important ones ) so they can not go after fraud . 
  also , alertadigital is far-right neo francoist outlet with 0 credibility as a source . 
  2 ) 90 % of the spending of the catlan goverment goes to heath care , education and social services , they are forced to do a 25 % cut on the total budget , you do the math . 
  3 ) artur mas or the pujol family does n't have money in switzerland . 
  swiss banks confirmed it ( in the same report were they informed of barcenas savings ) at instances of the spanish courts . 
  thats a slader spread by `` el mundo '' newspaper as means to weaken the independentist project . 
  4 ) you are not the one to judge as right or wrong the reasons why people wants independence . 
  5 ) catalan parties are part of the spanish parliament , thats true , but they hold 0 influence . 
  even when there is some agreement the spanish goverment never fulfills it . 
  it is like being 5 to dinner and everone agreeing you have to pay for everyone . 
  6 ) i agree we should have a referendum as soon as possible . 
  the situation now is different than before because now the majority of the seats in the catalan parliament are hold by parties who went to the last election whith the promise of holding a referendum , which had never hapend before . 
  there has been steps already in the direction of holding the referendum , see the declaration of sobereignity and the constitution , and the costitution of the committe for the organization of the referendum . 
  if they end up going through with it or they bail out , we will see . 
  in my opinion , in the current situation the catalan goverment has no room to do any kind of economic or social policy beides what comes dictated from madrid because catalonia does n't have any political or finacial autonomy . 
  it is useless to argue which economic polices we would like to do if we just ca n't . 
  the only thing left to do is ask the catalan people if they are ok with madrid deciding everything or they would rather be independent . 
  that will happen regadless if catalonia secedes or not . 
  you can thank the exelent planers of the spanish economy for the last 15 years who had lead us to this sinkhole . 
  there was no significat castilian speaking population in catalona until the 1960 ' . 
  catalan parties have already said they they are n't going to comply with this law , so this is going to cause huge confrontation . 
  each party represents a different part of the electorate . 
  if they put their differences in social matters before they common interest to organize an independence referendum then it is never going to happen . 
  this is why the spanish goverment keeps most of the alowed deficit by the eu for itself while imposing ridicoluos deficit objectives to the regions ( despite this being responsible for most of the services to the citizens ) that force brutal cuts to social services . 
  it is likely to be some kind of boycot in spain to catalan which would hurt the economy , but it should be of about 50 % of total sells to offset the gains of keeping all the tax money . 
  1 ) to hurt catalan economy , catalonia should n't be alowed in the european single market , since that does n't mean to be part of the eu , that would be ok as long as it can be in the efta , which does n't requirer unanimity among the members .
