  edit : the spanish inquisition has arrived !, 
  well , the ex n \u00b0 2 of ciudadanos had to resign because he was being accused of defrauding 430.000 euros ... not to mention they are one of the parties with the most opaque funding . 
  erc and dil will not support a goverment for least than a referendum and psoe will never accept it . 
  my best wishes to you too . 
   spain  democracy choose one mate, 
  too late for that . 
  this kinds of threads manily attract people with already strong opinions , so it is a competition of who shouts the laudest . 
  well at least you admit that being spanish is shitty ... you just need to think a bit by yourself and see that independece can only be better than the current situation . 
  i 'm more exposed to the arguments against independence than in favor . 
  the only one repeating propaganda is you . 
  i disagree , in my opinion , independence is the only tool to address this serious issues . 
  edit : it is funny how the spanish nationalist can not even deal with a simple statement of an opinion that does not fit in their fantasy world view . 
  stop manipulating . 
  almost all of the govermental spending was done by the city council and the generalitat not the spanish goverment . 
  you know olimpic games are given to cities not countries ... and btw the spanish goverment did n't put much money on the olimpic games which were paid mostly by privat investors . 
  it shows pp 's goverment is though with the `` separatist '' and they are the ones you need to vote to defend spain instead of those ciutadanos noobies !, 
  i mean , put \u00c1rthur mas in jail and this nonsense stops , right ? 
  they waited for months to take the decision and they do it just after the catalan elections but before the spanish ones , just the timing that benefits most for the spanish goverment . 
  of course , in spain the judicature is totaly impartial . 
  spanish governmen were the ones to acused him , and they are pretty much in control of the judicial system . 
  one of the reasons i 'm in favour of independence is because i want true separation of powers . 
  the spanish goverment to the rescue , we just need 2 % more . 
  you forgot uni\u00f3 democratica which got ~ 2.4 % , no seats and are also uncertain . 
  probably what the hungarians of transilvania say about the romanians . 
  probably what the turks said about the wallachians, 
  some context : javier cercas is a very succesfull catalan writer , who mainly writes in spanish . 
  he has obviously strong emotionals ties with spain . 
  the independece of catalonia would put him in a dificuld position since most of his book sells are in spain . 
  edit : i think this paragraph is particularly iluminating :  i am amazed at the general amazement caused by [ jos\u00e9 manuel ] lara when he said that his publishing house , planeta [ spain 's largest publishing house ] , would pack up and leave an independent catalonia ; and amazed when the leader of the secessionist party erc [ esquerra republicana de catalunya , independentist left party ] now says that an independent catalonia would be bilingual , when they have always insisted that bilingualism leads to the extinction of the catalan language . 
  when i visited venice i left with a bittersweat sensation . 
  it is a beautifull city with lots of culture and history , but nowadays it is esentially a big open air museum , which is kind of sad considering that the city was a major economical/trade center for centuries with such a proud people . 
  its hard to say , but there is hope that after asuming all the extra expenses that now are taken care by the spanish goverment the new catalan state will have budged surplus . 
  in that case it should have no problem refinancig its debt . 
   so even after 40 years of francoist dictatorship catalans still believed they could be a part of spain without compromising their identity , and were given the chance to develop it fairly well . 
  if you changed your mind over these 35 years it 's ok , but do n't expect me to buy the `` poor oppressed people '' braveheart thing . 
  it is not like catalans had any other option with the army still being a political actor in the transiton to democracy . 
  the problem is that pact of 78 was for the catalan side just the maximum it could be done at the moment without exiting too much the elements of the francoist regime , but there was the belive that with democratization and europeization spain would be sensible to the demands of the majority of catalans formore autonomy , however this has not been the case . 
  in fact the degree of autonomy has decreassed , since the ruling of the constitutional court in 2010 , the model for the catalan educational system is under constant atacks from the spanish institutions , and the catalan language is being minoritized and curtailed in valencia , mallorca , and aragon . 
  the catalan language is still not normalized ( you can not use it ) in the administration that depend of the central goverment ( in particular in justice ) . 
   catalan culture is actively sponsored and the catalan goverment gets constant shit for it . 
  rigth wing groups in madrid say that an example of how the autonomies mismanage their resources and why recentralization is desirable . 
  hopefully the people will be able to decide in a referendum if they want independence or whatever the spanish goverment ofers . 
  i 'm decided for independence . 
  corrected , thx . 
  btw , abertzale means basicaly independentist right ? 
  well , the economical part is also important . 
  losing 24 % of the tax income , mean that whithout catalonia spain would be a much less importat country internationaly , which is obiously something that would hurt the spanish nationalist as well . 
  anyways it ca n't still be ruled out that after the elections the spanish goverment allows a referendum combined with some promise of more autonomy . 
  great analogy !!, 
  i 'm stealing it . 
   unlike catalonia , basque country does n't have problems with debt , and it 's one of the most productive regions in spain . 
  in fact , they manage their own fiscality and taxes . 
  catalonia has indeed lots of debt ( mainly due to the massive corruption ) , wow , stop there . 
  catalonia has debt because is extremly underfunded . 
  if catalonia had the same funding as the basque country it would have 10k milion euros budget surplus . 
   nationalists are about to win today in basque country because the coalition pp-psoe ( ppsoe we like to call it nowadays ) was a total failure nationalist always have won in the basque country . 
  the only reason pp+psoe got a majority was thanks to the ilegalization of the abertzale left , which , despite that got about 15 % of the votes ( last elections invalid votes went from  1 % to 15 %, 
   much of the independence movement has simply juxtaposed `` oppressed '' catalunya against madrid/castilla and it 's simply a bullshit juxtaposition . 
  spain is n't madrid or castilla . 
  is being more different ( to who ? ), 
  an excuse for independence ? 
  the only argument for independence that matters is that the majority of the catalan people want it . 
  the motivation for independence is a combination of own particular identity , unsatisfaction for the insuficient autonomy ( and no hope to negotiate more with madrid ) , and the fact that catalonia contributes an unfair amount of tax money to the rest of spain . 
   honestly , these arguments do n't tell me that catalonia is a different country - they tell me that catalunya wants to be a different country . 
   i do n't know . 
  but your argument for being a different country does n't stand up seeing as currently , it simply is n't . 
  a country or a nation is a grup of people that feel that they belong together , with a set of identity features like , culture , language , territory ( not necessarily all of them ) . 
  so , the fact that the catalans want to be a nation , is a part of what makes them a nation . 
   i know many valencians who would argue about that the languages are not the same . 
  i do n't know any valencian who actually speaks the language who says that . 
  anyway , any linguist around the world agrees that catalan and valencian are the same language . 
  obviously catalonia is not an independent state ( at least not yet ) , and as such does n't have those atributes of a state , but not for that catalonia should be considered less of a country , although i know many will . 
  this is actually one of the arguments of the pro-independence movement in catalonia , they argue that no one is ever going to take catalonia as a nation seriously if it does n't have an state . 
  catalonia is not just `` one of the autonomous conunities '' . 
  eve spain recognized that when it * restored * the generatiltat * before * the constitution was even written . 
  second , valencian and catalan are the same language , and its cultural and literary entity can not be compared to cantabrian , leones or aragonese ( with all my respect to this languages , and i hope they survive ) . 
  catalonia has also been the region who has lead the demans for autonomy and the only ones together with the basque who have really fought for it . 
  catalonia is , despite all the adversities , a nation well differentitaed to the castillian one that confroms the matrix of the spanish state . 
  well , i do n't realy understand what you mean . 
  catalonia is not spain because it has a diferent political party layout ( and different political culture ) , its own language and culture , and a different economical sctructure . 
  catalonia and spain are about as much the same country as spain and portugal, 
  i beated smujal this time !, 
  my point was that , since the catalan ss is more solvent that the spanish one , it will be easier to sustain a pension system if catalonia achives independence, 
  first , let me say that i do want to keep the debate civil , and i apologize if any of my words have ofended you , however i still think that you are wrong in that catalonia will have problems in creating its own pension system . 
  in 2009 ss had deficit in spain as a whole as well as in catalonia . 
  in the first link it is quoted that in the 2009-2010 period , the spanish ss had 610 $ per person while in catalonia only 225 $ . 
  in the period of 2006-2008 both catalan and spanish ss had surplus , spain 15 $ per person and catalonia 440 $ per person . 
  i hope this quantifies my earlier statements . 
  now , you quoted the total number of pensionist in catalonia , number i do n't dispute . 
  however that number by itself does n't mean catalonia will be able or not to pay the pensions for its retired people . 
  that depends on the total amount of money the pensions in catalonia add up in comparison to the total amount of the contributions to the ss paid in catalonia , this is why i said that number is besides the point . 
  thats besides the point . 
  there is study by two professors on economics fro the university of barcelona that say otherwise . 
  they show that the social security system ( pensions + unempoloyment subsidies ) of catalonia is a net contributor to the whole spanish system [ here ] ( http://escritorio.acceso.com/ub/ca/dossier/verpdf.html?search=1&amp;indv=1&amp;news_id=62263746&amp;sp_id=88966&amp;file=00112j0i.pdf&amp;sp_subject=opinions%20professors%20ub&amp;comp_id=10608&amp;clip_id=1370 ) you have an article of one of them explaining it in the press . 
  edit : you can also check [ here ] ( http://www.vilaweb.cat/media/continguts/000/050/622/622.pdf ) , comapre in table 4 : the revenue of the social security system in catalonia and in table 5 the total expending in catalonia . 
  the facts you point out ( which i do n't know if are true , besides ppl being in average older as time goes ) , do n't change if the catalan pension system is in or out of the spanish one . 
  and the underlying fact is that catalan pension system is a net contributor to the spanish one . 
  there is a lot of misinformation in your post , for example :  the need to establish a pension system ( that would be woefully  expensive , as the catalonian population is quite old ) and a military ( now  payed by spain ) the catalan pension system actually would improve . 
  pensions are paid with the cotributions of the employed population , since catalonia has lower unemployment and higher salaries than the spanish average , it has superavit ( or less deficit ) than the spanish pension system as a whole . 
  the whole idea the catalan population is older in average than spain has no basis .
