  [ here ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_5-knbltzk-i/sh6dt6zkj6i/aaaaaaaaah0/v3cjvfdsapu/s1600/balan%c3%a7a%2bfiscal.jpg ) the numbers corresponding to the monetary flux of 2005 which has been the only year the spanish goverment has relased the numbers . 
  more like , give back some of our money . 
  nice fact checking btw , guess being funny is more important . 
  well explained !, 
  let me add that the central goverment underfunds the regions as a means to de facto reduce their autonomy . 
  i think the smart thing would be to get the tuareg into the french/goverment side . 
  they can get autonomy in the northern desert and help police it and some political influence in gao and timbuktu . 
  i heard bern is a very good place to raise kids , although i would n't say is bohemian . 
  let me say i too would be glad if you stayed if catalonia obtains independence . 
  i doubt many people in bescano would consider themselfs spanish . 
  the problem is that both the right and left spanish parties are against , not only the independence of catalonia , but to plain refuse to held a referendum which shows how democarts they are . 
  i do n't think we are going to see the situation turn ( physicaly ) violent . 
  however if the goverment keeps on outright denying the possibility to hold a referendum , the tension is going to escalate . 
  well , the founder of the party was minister in franco 's dictatorship times . 
  the independece movement is quite strong , right now it has majority in the catalan parlaiment , and it bent to make heald a referendum even if the spanish goverment does n't allow it . 
  what part of my statement makes you sad ? 
  that would be hilarious, 
  hopefully eu realizes that democracy should prevail and works to make the transitions as smooth as possible . 
  this is the typical colonialist argument . 
  `` you are not fit to govern yourselves because x reason ( s ) , so we have to do it for you '' . 
  the whole `` the catalan politicians are the most corrupt ones of spain '' is just propaganda from the spanish media to follow with the above argument . 
  spain is the ones who decide the spanish policy : pp , psoe , with the support of the majority of the spanish electorate , and with the acquiescence of the rest . 
  the situation is quite clear , spain is going to do anything in their power to disolve what they consider the catalan anomaly , that is their number one long term priority . 
  catalonia has two option : independence or disappear . 
  this article is just a collection of logical falacies , lack of historical knowledge , and the circumstances of the regions that now a days have pro-independence movement . 
  following the logic of this article , one a territory is part of an state is always moraly and economicaly wrong to leave it . 
  just went to vote junts pel s\u00ed !, 
  according to the goverment turn out at 1pm is 5 % higher than last time , so total turnout is expected to be 73-74 % . 
  you still do n't get it do you ? 
  the catalan language is an important part of our culture and this is why we want to preserve it . 
  to talk to fools like you i already learned english , fortunately it has many other uses besides that . 
  languages are not just tools . 
  languages are the cornerstone of cultural identity . 
  and hey , i speak 4 languages including catalan , and currently living outside catalonia , and not trying to isolate myself by defending my own identity . 
  aragon was another country utntil the personal union of the crown in the 12th century , but even then both countries remained politicaly separated , with their own political institutions , albeit the king was from the house of barcelona , i.e a catalan . 
  of course alot of people have integrated !, 
  but many have not , and i 'm not talking only of recent immigration . 
  there are cities , like cornella , hospitalet etc , where even the children of immigrants from the 60s scholarised in catalan schools can barely say a sentence in catalan . 
  it is a problem when people come to live to catalonia and do n't feel they have to learn catalan because that is in spain and they already speak spanish , then locals can no longer speak our own language in our own country . 
  i meant a eu army , also part of nato . 
  woul n't that make nato more strong ? 
  as you say franco opressed catalans for not fitting into his ideas of a what good spanish is , because they spoke catalan and had their own culture , in other words because they were catalan . 
  the problem is that pretty much all spanish goverments have been doing the same sine 1714 . 
  even today the current goverment wants to marginalize our own language in favor of spanish . 
  the problem is that spain is too much of castilla . 
  i mean spanish = castillian language . 
  care to elavorate ? 
  thb i think all the military budgets should be pooled at the eu level . 
  9th to 15th century, 
  it is more like `` scotland is not england '', 
  franco opressed spanish people for their political belives , and opressed catalans for being catalans regardles of political belives . 
  see the difference ? 
  thx man !, 
  then just let catalonia back in eu or nato . 
  if you shoot yourself in the food , do n't complain later . 
  let 's be real here , what makes europe weak , is that the bigger states do n't to cede their powers into the eu because they stillthinkthey have a shot at international politics by themselves . 
  if the uk , france , germany and italy pulled together their diplomacies and military they would have a lot more weight internationaly . 
  go learn mandarin , why are you bothering with such a regional dialect like german / s, 
  it is in danger because precisely people like you think it is ok to come to our country and impose what language we should use . 
  you are fuking ignorant if you think catalan is a regional dialect . 
  the spanish should have no say on how the catalan school system works . 
  period . 
  wanted to ? 
  or they did ? 
  anyways , leaving the posibility open for another catalan speaking territory to integrate themselve into an hipotetical future catalan independent state , if they decide it so , by themselves and democraticaly , it is not annexing anything . 
  who is anexing what ? 
  wat , how do you dare !, 
  he did n't know what his ministers were doing with milions of reserved funds . 
  do n't get me wrong , i totaly agree that catalonia contributes more that it get to the spanish treasury . 
  i think the argument here is that the net amount catalonia contributes ( the so-called fiscal balance ) is justifiable by the fact that catalonia is one of the richer regions of spain . 
  there is the argument that since the madrid autonomus comunity contributes more then it is just perfectly normal . 
  however the fiscal balances that support this argument are computed using the method of charge-benefit ( the ones quoted by trillo69 ) where large amounts of spending made in madrid are counted as benefiting the whole of the country and hence assigned to everyboby , this method underepresents the spending made in madrid . 
  the second method , called the monetary flux ( the one given by 6180339887 ) , assigns the spending in the region where it is made . 
  with this methos calalonia 's fiscal balance increases and madrid 's one decreases a lot , reversing the argument about who is contributing more . 
  furthermore there was the issue of how the deficit was being added to all this , which is a very important quantity since in the last few years spain has been running large deficits . 
  by selling debt bonds the goverment gets some extra funds , this funds should be assigned as originating from the different regions according to their share of gnp ( sine that is the grantie the debt is going to be paid ) , however the fiscal balances published by the spanish goverment ingnore all this . 
  the numbers for the fiscal balances that the spanish goverment ( and elmundo ) give are biased because they are computed with the method charge-benefit where certain spendings made in madrid are assigned as benefiting the whole of spain and the spending is splied among all the regions . 
  the paradigm of this is the investment in the airport and other infrastructures of madrid . 
  wrong again , only 43 % of exports go to spain . 
  ( [ from data of 2013 ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b94nydhimaauuya.jpg ) ), 
   forgets the fact that barcelona and its region has been heavily subsidized by all of spain , to grow its industry this is not true , it is only a commonly repeated lie . 
   catalan president artur mas 's most important ally said no risk from a clash with the spanish government can be serious enough to deter him from fighting for independence . 
  i personaly agree . 
  with the assimilationist policies that the spanish political mainstream advocates for catalonia wo n't survive as a nation . 
  its independence or ceasing to exist . 
  this is the spanish reasoning 1 ) the unity of spain is consagrated in the constitution , so no change of it can be done without changing the constitution . 
  2 ) the spanish political mainstream refuses to acknowledge catalonia as its own political entity separated from the rest , so if a referendum were to be made it should be for the whole of spain , which is of course overwhelmingly against it so there is no point, 
  the independence of brazil was special because it was piloted by the portugese royal family itself with the intention of keeping both thrones in the family . 
  so , you think the mainly slave population was wrong wanting to be free ? 
  no , you are wrong , roca even said publicly he pushed for it . 
  as i said , it was refused by psc ( socialists ) and psuc ( comunist ) not by erc or ciu . 
  i guess you know all about that . 
   the catalan nationalism is incredible unhappy with the extension of c 's to the rest of spain . 
  they have a tendency to talk shit about it everywhere they can . 
  you are absolutely wrong here . 
  in fact ciudadanos overtaking podemos is a good development for the pro-independence movement , since they are well-known as extrem spanish nationalistic party , whose sole political program is to opose anything relating the catalan culture or language . 
  with podemos having a change to take the goverment you could argue that there is a chance that spain will change its ways and accept its plurinacional character but not with ciutadanos . 
  actually they did n't , it was the socialist and comunist which had the majority of the catalan representation to the spanish congres at that time . 
  they follow the theory that when you have an army backing your nation you ca n't be a nationalist , but in reality their spanish nationalism bigotry far outweights anything any of the catalan parties do or say . 
  the idea is that the eu would rather the split be negotiatied than unilateral .
