  and why everyone assume we have to have a military ? 
  spain can keep the military assets , just discont them from the debt along with the other assets !, 
  `` he did n't mean it that way '', 
  you rise intresting points on the monetary issue . 
  i do n't know why it is not mentioned in the international media , maybe they are still just trying to figure out why catalans want independence . 
  it is , however , discussed in domestic media but mainly to agree that everyone wants to keep using euros . 
  in a recent statement the catalan president ( likely to be reelected ) has said that he does n't even consider independece outside europe and the euro . 
  anyway i think , that eventually the need to find a solution to the spanish debt is going to make everyone sit down to negotiate the indepence process . 
  in the case catalonia becomes independent , it will immediately ask for admission into the eu . 
  in the best case scenario this it will be admited authomaticaly , and in the worst it will have to go through long negotiation and spain will veto catalonia indefinetly . 
  a related issue is whether catalan citizens will retain the european citenzenship in the interim ( they have it now ) and whether catalonia will inherit membership of the schengen treaty ( viena convention seems to imply that yes ) . 
  most catalans also want to keep using the euro as a currency , and there is no direct way to stop them to . 
  there are several examples of contries using foregein currencies as their own , mostly the us [ dollar and the euro ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_use_of_the_us_dollar ) . 
  no , i did n't say any of that , perhaps you should read my post , dear txampion . 
  french catalonia , more comonly know as northern catalonia , has been heavily assimilated by france . 
  the old people still speak catalan , albeit with heavy linguistic contamination from the french language . 
  most of them did n't teach catalan to their children because it was considered a [ patois ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_vergonha ) , as a result catalan identity has been heavily diluted in northern catalonia . 
  however , in the last 20 years there has been somewhat of a cultural resurgence of the catalan . 
  this has been a result of the integration of spain in the schengen treaty . 
  people in northen catalonia have been willing to resume economic and cultural relations with southern catalonia as they did until the [ 18th century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_the_pyrenees ) . 
  it has to be considered , for example that barcelona is closer than touluse or paris , so many young people consider going there to study . 
  the maximum exponent of this cultural resurgence has been the succes of the [ bressola schools ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_bressola ) , a network of comunity schools that introduce the catalan language in their curriculum . 
  politicaly however , there is no strong nationalist movement , and no desiere to split up from france . 
  you have to take into account that northern catalonia has a lower income level than the average of france , and as a result is beneficary of statal subsidies . 
  also local branches of freanch parties have been open to the recuperation of catalan culture and language up to a certain extend . 
  this news are wrong . 
  the catalan parliament approved to hold a referendum in the next term * after * the elections . 
  it is understood that this is only going to happen if the parties that voted it have majority after the next elections . 
  but then , would n't spain want catalonia in the eu so we resume the financial transfers ? 
  wait , wait , ... were n't we gon na get kicked out of the eu if we declare independence ? 
  thats unclear at this point , imo it makes no sense for catalonia to have an army , however participating in an eu army would be ok, 
  well , catalonia , in case it obtains independence , is going to ask for eu membership asap , and we would be very happy to join and eu army and diplomatic corps rather than having to create a new one for ourserlves . 
  you are wrong in the part you say the kingdom of aragon absorved the county of barcelona , it was the other way around . 
  the county of barcelona at that time was stronger than aragon , whose king feared being annexed by the fast expanding kingdom of castille , as a concequence he sought the dynastic union with the county of barcelona in order to preserve the integrity of the kingdom of aragon inside a confederal monarchy . 
  the title of king of aragon passed to the dynastic line of the count of barcelona who assumed it as its first title since king  count , later of with the conquest of valencia and mallorca , the titles of king of valencia and king of mallorca were added . 
  also there is no question that the rulers of the crown of aragon were catalan until the casp agreement , the court was in barcelona , and their oficial document were written in catalan , including the memories of some of the kings . 
  i disagree , i think independence is very likely short-term . 
  the most likely way to happen is after elections to the catalan parliament , where the parties who crealy advocate for independence get an absolute majority of seats . 
  not being recognized authomaticaly as a eu member is not a problem , as long as catalonia is allowed to keep being in the eurozone/european economic area . 
  after all switzerland , norway and iceland are in the eea and are not eu members . 
  you are kind of right , however ciu 's margin to modulate their position depending on the situation is getting smaller every day . 
  most catalans do n't care about valencia and the balearics or think that they should decide for themselves . 
  of course there is a sizeable minority that would like the whole catalan countries together as an idependent state . 
  as far a people form valencia and the balearics go , they do n't want independence by a large margin , i do n't think they even consider it . 
  in particular valencia has a bit of a rivality with catalonia and will probably do the opposite that catalonia does . 
  of course if catalonia obtains independence and things fo well for us they may change their opinion in the long run . 
  great article !, 
  as a part of the r+d sector in spain i can tell you that it has always been considered by the goverment as a luxury . 
  when there was plenty of money , the administrations throwed a bit of it to r+d just to show off and brag that they increased the r+d budget a 5 % . 
  now we can no longer affod such a luxury , and thus the huge budget cuts . 
  and by the way , the budget cuts in science started back in 2008 , when prime minister zapatero was saying the crisis would n't reach spain . 
  the problem is that the majority of spanish people concive spain a monolingual uninational state , while a majority of catalans consider themselfs as a nation with its own language . 
  this creates constant political struggle , back and forth , since non of the sides is willing to give up , and as a result there is a distrust between the two groups . 
  money transfers from rich regions to poor regions are ok , up to a certain limit , that is until they start hurting the economy of the rich regions . 
  for example , baviera , one of the richest german landers only transfers 4 % of its gnp , while catalonia transfers 8-9 % . 
  furthermore in germany it is possible to debate the issue while in spain the only answer catalans get is that they are `` greedy '' or that we `` lack of solidarity '' . 
  first of , catalonia has already contributed to spain with shitloads of money , like more than all of the european funds given to spain over the years since got in the eu . 
  if cataloina splits from spain , and the spanish goverment agrees to negociate the conditions of the spliting , then catalonia may take its part of the spanish debt , along with its part of the social security funds , compensations for the other assets , and the money the regional goverment is owned ( according to spanish laws ! ) . 
   separate and watch spain hate you because you caused a complete economic collapse . 
  good job . 
  some already hate us just for not being spanish monolinguals , so we are use to it . 
  well bankia does have shares of some companies it could give as collateral , for example iberia . 
  that was to be expected , the central goverment has backed catalonia into a corner where the only option was to ask for the bailout . 
  the irony of the issue is that according to the current funding law of the regions the central goverment owns catalonia about 5k milion euros from the 2009 to 2012 period . 
  oh well , i guess that settles where are you from . 
  just build another border post behind the one of the guardia civil , and wait until they get bored and leave . 
  or arest the them and expulse them to spainsih territory . 
  no need for anyone to get hurt . 
  in my opinion first , there should be some kind of democratic pronouncement by the catalan people . 
  a yes in a independence referendum or a majority of pro-independece parties in the parlament , the second being more likely . 
  then the catalan goverment should go ask the spanish goverment if they are willing to negociate the terms of an orderly splitting , hopefuly there would be international presure in favor of this . 
  if not just proceed to : ignore nthe spanish goverment , create a catalan treasury , take control of the borders , take care of any other crucial issue that use to be taken care by the central goverment , and iniciate a constituent process . 
  so charo , you say independence is impossible because in an armed comflict spain will allways win ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  does this mean that you think spain will use its army to prevent the independence of catalonia ? 
  or do you have in mind another way the conflict would turn to violence ? 
  yes , yes , but i think they could keep the ammo too until recently ? 
  yes , switzerland has a lot of guns per capita . 
  every adult male has to go to mandatory military service , were they are given one , then when they go back home they can keep it . 
  i was told that was so the they could fight a suprize attack by the commies ... 
  well , actually i did , i and a lot of them want independence . 
  so , all this people that emigrated to catalonia and worked hard to make a living , now are compensated with less services for their taxes because they have to pay also for the ones who stayed at home ? 
  and yes , the drainage of 8.7 % of the gnp is colonial-level exploitation . 
  long story short : after ww2 the french wanted to be an important power again , they saw having nuclear weapons a requisite for that , so they invested heavily on nuclear energy . 
  iirc the french were the the first ones besides the urss and usa who had the facilities to process uranium ore into uranium fuel for reactors and bombs , the british for example relied on the amricans for this . 
  then in th 70 ' with the oil crisis the french decided to expand the number or nuclear reactors to increase the energy independence of the country . 
  how is it `` greed '' for catalonia to want to manage its own tax money , but it is n't when other regions demand to keep being subsidized ? 
  it is not only a money issue , but its a very important part of it . 
  real political autonomy follows from financial autonomy . 
  i definetly think catalonia would settle for greater autonomy , for example the same degree of control of tax money the basque have , however catalonia is about 19 % of the spanish economy , and that would mean to fundamenaly change the way the spanish state works . 
  besides the political mood in spain right now is to decrese the autonomy of the regions instead of increasing it , so i do n't think the central goverment will cede even an inch more autonomiy to catalonia . 
  also every time a region gets more autonomy the rest demand it to , not to be less , and generalizing the basque fiscal system would mean the end of the spanish state as such . 
  as far as violence go its quite unlikely catalans resort to that , because they would lose every time ( spain has an army , catalonia does not ) . 
  also any kind of violence would seve as an excuse to stop the independece movement . 
  only if the proces is perfectly democratic would catalonia have a chance to get the international support it needs . 
  in summary , i think that in the next year the chances of independence will reach is maximum , because the catalan parties are backed into a corner , after next year they will probably lose credibility to lead such a complicated process . 
  ofc this does n't not mean it will happen . 
  another important factor that goe against indepence is the finacial crisis , if catalonia would declare independence all of a sudden , is very likely that both spain and cataloina would go imediatly to bankrupcy because both would probably be shot out of the international financial markets , and obiously germany and co. would try to stop an even leading to that . 
  the main difference is that the basque already have control over they tax money , meaning they practicaly do n't contribute to the interegional `` solidarity '' , and furthermore they do n't have liquidity problems . 
  catalonia on the other hand , contributes about 8-9 % of its gnp to other regions and on top of that has to wait for the central goverment to transfer money ( from the taxes payed in catalonia ) to them to pay the civil cervants salaries , to put it graphically , the central goverment has the catalan goverment taken by their balls . 
  so , in sumary , the basque are in no hurry to get independence , while catalans need it badly and soon .
