  2 ) that is an unlikely possibility . 
  spain would be intrested in an agrement in order to split the debt , which i guess would include recognition and no veto to eu , also 80 % of spanish export to europe go through catalonia so it is not in spanish interest to start puting tariffs . 
  they are saying he was connected to salafist organizations and was spying for morocco . 
  the position of the spanish govement is to carry the confrontation as far as they can . 
  they are going to use any dirty trick without regard for the basic principles of democracy . 
  i think the catalan people have to be prepared to fight for our freedom with sustained acts of civil disobedinece , much like indians against the british rule . 
  i guess i 'm not going back home then ... 
  i realy hope for catalonia 's independence, 
  the problem is that the subsidezed regions end up whith more resources per capita than catalonia which is paying for them . 
  this is what a lot of catalans feel is extreamly unfair . 
  lol , the point is not to fight them , is that there is note nough of them to control the territory effectively . 
  spains army is about 120.000 man , half of which ( at least ) is not ready to be deployed , thats not enough to hold onto catalonia 's territory . 
  catalonia represents 20 % of the tax revenue , whitout that the spanish goverment would not be able to pay its employees in a month . 
  besides the treath of spaing going backrupt will force everyone to negotitate quickly . 
  spain can not hold catalonia by force , it would go bankrupt before they start moving the tanks , i doubt europe would consent it anyways . 
  when it is clear that the catalan people do n't want to be in spain the best solution for everyone is the negotiate secession , this is way spain is trying so hard to avoid a referendum . 
  spain is never going to allow a legal way to achive independece , this is abundantly clear . 
  only after the fact they they have an incentive to negotiate , so not to make it worst upon themselves . 
  and btw unilateral declarations of independence are legal under international law , and most of european countries have recognized this by suporting kosovo , so they would not have any argument not to accept catalonias independece . 
  they sure realize we do n't care ... right ? 
  maybe a bit fatalist , but the idea on a permanent underclass that wo n't ever find another job and is going to survive on misery subsidies , is i 'm afrait quite real . 
  spain 's unemploiment rate may be very well over 20 % for the next decade ... 
  i pretty sure no spanish university ask for recomendation letters for a masters . 
  it is kind of an all or nothing bet . 
  if the spanish goverment can pay its debts then it is a great investnent due to the large interests rates that will will make the social security pensions fund last longer , which is grate because right now the pension fund is on deficit . 
  however is the spanish goverment defaults then it loses the pensions too . 
  well it should be obvious to everyone , but the most zealot nacionalist , that in the end this issues are going to be decided by democratic votes , particularly in the context of the eu . 
  if the eu can play a mediator role and provide an umbrella for the resulting states , much better . 
  like , they have n't been doing this like for the last 20 years . 
  remember when the decided against the statute of autonomy of catalonia , aproved in referendum , with 4 ( of 12 ) magistrates out of term , and one vacant because the judge died ? 
  no one outside catalonia protested then ... 
   a lot of romanians still think that `` autonomy '' is just one step away from independence . 
  i can tell you from experience that is this kind of atitude what creates the real independence movements . 
  epic fail, 
  not you , but koya2 above called me a `` stupid lier '' , still waiting for him to apoligize . 
  as i seaid i 'm not agaist money transfers , but they should be limited in amount and in time , because otherwise other regions have no incentive to develop sine they can live off subsidy , which is bad for everyone . 
  there is corruption everywhere , but that the ones affecting the president of the goverment are far worst that the ones affectig a random mayor , just because of the importance of the office . 
  i 'm not against wealth redistribution , but it should n't be unlimited . 
  in germany monetary transfers are capped at 4 % of the landers gpd , catalonia is giving away between 8-9 % . 
  also there is also a lot of people in need of social services in catalonia , as you can imagine not everyone is rich , and right now , the state ( as a whole ) invest least resources per capita in social services in catalonia than the average of spain , also you have to add that cost of living is higher in catalonia , which is particulary damagin to pensionist . 
  it is extreamly unfair . 
  anyway i was accused of lieing , and i was just giving references to my earlier statement . 
  in 2005 : total taxes payed in catalonia : 46.322 m $ total spending in catalonia ( all administrations ) : 31.515 m $ you can check the numbers for 2005 in [ this ] ( http://www.stopespoli.cat/cat/downloads2/balanzasfiscalesccaa.pdf ) document from the spanish goverment . 
  this is the only year the spanish goverment has released the numbers . 
  i can give you the numbers for other years from released by the regional goverment . 
  i see your point , in the end i think in that situation it is going to depend on how much support independece has and how resolved this support is . 
  look , you just do n't make any sense . 
  even if you are trolling me , you should try to write sentences with logic coherence . 
  well there are certaily many unknowns in the process , it is interesting to note however , that the spanish army and police has not enough manpower ( or funds ) to occupy catalonia . 
   so this is all about money not culture or diversity . 
  no , but obviously we do n't want 40 % of our taxes to be spend elsewhere , as no other region would . 
   this is how suomi/germany/netherlands / uk , etc , feels about piiggs , including you . 
  i want all the money you have stolen back to finland , then you can do whatever you want . 
  what money ? 
  catalonia is a net contributor to the eu , and has given to spain in tax transfers more than the eu en cohesion funds . 
  if you do n't want finland in the eu , vote accordingly , do n't dump your problems on me . 
   is this a sect ? 
  no , is being finish a sect ? 
   so you first boicott your own country and now you are surprised how bad you are treated ? 
  it is not my country , and not giving support is not the same as boicott . 
    and not all catalans are pro-independence . 
  some 40 % of catalans are spanish immigrants  so this is not only about money but also racism . 
  the majorty of catalans of spanish origin wnat independence too , besides i do n't know where you get the idea that catalans and spanish are diferent `` races '' . 
    i do n't have such conversation levels since i was 7 years old . 
  well this is just a random insult . 
    joan fumaz , a chef , said : `` if we were independent , we would n't have to go on justifying ourselves . 
  i 'm catalan . 
  it would be nice not to have to explain that to people all the time . '', 
   because nobody cares ? 
  who are you to say ? 
  i have found myself in the situation to have to explain why i do n't speak spanish to my friends and family . 
   can you give some solid arguments other than juvenile angst or archaic ideas ? 
  you are the only one being juvenile and full of prejudice . 
  you have no idea of the facts , or the history that has lead to this situation . 
  and you still have to back your original post , which is a lie , instead of launching random insults . 
  you should get your facts right : [ pp 's scandal ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/afontevecchia/2013/02/04/spains-rajoy-accused-of-receiving-illegal-cash-payments-as-corruption-scandal-widens/ ) in catalonia it is the people not the parties the ones who are pushing for [ independence ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/sep/11/catalan-independence-rally-barcelona ), 
  the declaration of sovereignity of the catalan parliament is by definition outside the spanish constitution , which only recognizes the sovereignity of the spanish people as a whole . 
  the declaration of the catalan parliament is a starting point to break away from spanish legality . 
  trying to get the spanish castitutional tribunal to nullify the declaration is just making a fool of themselves . 
  althought the most likely thing is that the spanish goverment is just trying to appeal to their nationalist voters and distract the attention from the illegal payments in cash to pp 's leadership . 
  i 'm going to work in germany and i was ask to disclouse if i have any relation with scientology , i was like , realy ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  another example that autonomy is just a mockery . 
  i 'm not denying what the spanish law says , i 'm saying that the spanish law are oppressive because id does n't respect the democratic rights of the catalan people . 
  it is an act of civil disobedience . 
  it depends on whose administration the building is . 
  all administrations depend from elected goverments/councils that represent thier citizens and in my opinion have the rigth to decide which flags to use . 
  if the central goverment sends the police to change that choice i do consider it oppression . 
  if only ... 
  rajoy speaking in english ? 
  no way, 
  to be fair , although this is extreamly shady , it was probably not illegal . 
  anonymous donations to parties , which were legal until recently , were channeled into extra salaries/awards capped so it had n't have to be declared for taxes . 
  of course everything was higly unethical . 
  there are 17 regigions or autonomous conumities in spain . 
  of this only collect in taxes more than their regional goverments spend : catalunya , madrid , valencia and illes balears . 
  roughly catalunya and madrid cotribute 1/3 of the total surplus and valencia and balears another 1/3 . 
  one third goes to subsidize the other regions and the other 2/3 to the central goverment . 
  the central goverment spending however is not evenly distributed but heavily concentrated in madrid , which helps madris economy considerably . 
  also some of the spending that theoreticaly benefits all spain is in practice more beneficial to the capital , for example the radial high speed train network from the capital to the provinces , or the investment in madrid 's airport .
