i guess that blomberg is now also part of the propaganda machine of the catalan goverment , those sweet institutional ads making their work ? . 
  maybe obama will suport catalan independence for some pocket change too ... 
  you are wrong , the infrastructure to colect all the taxes by the catalan goverment is already in place , this was the main reason to delay the referendum until late 2014 . 
  i am , personaly , not disappointed . 
  as you said it was expected that the referendum was not going to be possible , nevertheless it had to be tried by all means possible to justify the next step , which are the plebiscitary elections followed by an unilateral declaration of independence is there is a majority pro independence . 
  i 'm , however , a bit disapointed by the scenification of this step , i feel that some parties are looking more for their own electoral expectations than the final objective of the process . 
  oh , but i did read the hole thing !, 
  i do n't downvote me just because i have a different opinion than yours . 
  op says catalans are brainwashed while he just repeats the usual propaganda from madrid 's ultranationalistic media , oh th irony . 
   and the most important thing . 
  a very big elite . 
  very big . 
  very cohesive . 
  very patriotic . 
  very rich . 
  and very ancient . 
  the barcelona 's 400 families nucleus and all the ` alta societat ' around them exist since medieval times and in these last 40 years of democracy they have intertwined politics and economics , both for good and bad ( corruption ) this is the most silly thing i have ever red . 
  i was joking, 
  we were counting on the russians to give us a hand . 
  pruses, 
  [ map ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bzgbyduiyaea5t1.png:large ) of the city councils that suport the referendum : yelow : have voted in favor of the referendum red : have voted against the referendum white : have not voted, 
  non , the only two options are : 1 ) keep on as now 2 ) unilateral declaration of independence, 
  you seemed to be implying that the whole independece movement was a `` smokescreen '' by the very corrupt catalan politicians to hide thier crimes or something , which as i told you , is a fantasy of you and other spanish supremacists to help you cope with reality . 
  so , i 'm still the one with the defamation and downvoting ? 
  right, 
  you can choose to belief whatever you want , but the political status of catalonia has to be decided by it people democraticaly . 
  the current parliament has a clear majority in favor of a referendum , and that was the main issue in the 2012 elections . 
  you can not deny that the majority of the people want a referendum on independence , not doing it is a fraud to democracy . 
  that was not a general vote organized by the catalan goverment after a request from the parliament . 
  it was organized by volunteers without any finatial backing which severly limited the amount if places you could go to vote . 
  considering their resourses , they got an inmense amount of succes . 
  besides support for independence has tripled since then . 
  that why the people agaisnt independence do n't want a referendum , you have no argument and know you would lose . 
  nice conspiracy theory , ancient aliens level . 
  does this mean i 'll have to teach now ? 
  i hope not ... 
  why did he take part on it in the first place ? 
  if there to be new physics discovered in the form of new particles at the new energy range its effects would most likely be showing already in the data of the previous run , however all analysis of the previous runs data ( that i know of ) show no significant deviation from standard model predictions . 
  well , prospects for new discoveries at lhc are not looking good at the moment ... 
  well 50 % mininum turn out seems reasonable enough to me . 
  the people in catalonia has made abundatly clear they want a referendum on independece . 
  in this issue president mas is doing what he is supposed to do , put the means for the catalan people to express their opinion . 
  the crimean referendum was ilegitimate because it was done under duress . 
  we are talking here of a referendum done with freedom of speach and no military coaction ( assuming the spanish goverment would not do such a thing ) , international observers etc. 
  under such circumstances there is no reason for someone agaisnt independece not to go vote no . 
  staying in spain has also unavoidable consequences , and this issue has been dragged for years . 
  a decision has to be made and the majority should prevail ( and obviously the rights of the minorities should be respected ) . 
  yeah !, 
  forbbiding the referendum is much more honest !, 
  no need to fool anyone into making them think they have any say on how the country is ruled . 
  so if we have 26 % in favor 24 % against and 50 % abstention , we should let the 24 % have its way ? 
  51 % in favour of independece and 50 % turn out in a referendum is enough to justify independece ... 
  we do n't want to be part of france , we want to be independent . 
  we fuck up every day we stay in spain , but i do n't think moody 's and s&p were refereing to this . 
  i 'm sorry that your only source of knowled is spanish nationalist indoctrination . 
  bonds we would n't have needed if catalonia was n't subsidizing spain as heavily as it does . 
  paying interest for your own money , what a great deal !, 
  we should be so thankfull ... 
  your idea that catalonia has a more developed economy because franco invested there insted of elsewhere is a fairly tale , and a bad one since it doens ' t explain why catalonia was the only industrial region in spain before the civil war , i guess we owe thanks to someone else too ? 
  and yes we got extra fucked by franco because he tried to destroy our national identity and culture , and the people who defended it got murdered , repressed and send to prison . 
  there was no preferential treatement , it is just a faire tale to justify why catalonia was the most important economic region and take away any merit the catalans themselves maight have had on catalonia 's economical success . 
  franco did n't have an industrial policy . 
  immigrants came to catalonia because despite represion and discrimination it has the only area with significant industry ( which was there well before franco ) and therefore jobs . 
  then you must be an evil catalan imperialist !, 
  dunno , the only thing i can think of is that they thing you spanish is bad and that is laughable , which likely means they never had to learn a foregeing language . 
  i do n't think there is any relation with the independece movement . 
  catalan , valentian , majorcan , lapao , spanish , english , and a little bit of german, 
  to your first question , in my opinion the most likely is an unilateral declaration of independence by the parliament after a referendum/elections and failed negotations for a friendly divorce . 
  then the spanish government/spanish courts is probably going to declare that ilegal and void of validity , and probably cut/reduce the funding for the catalan government . 
  i do n't think , however , they are going to order the any detentions or policial action , because if it fails ( f.e the catalan police refusing to obey orders from madrid , or civil disobedience impeding the police actions ) it would give the impression the spanish goverment no longer has the control over catalonia . 
  then , having cutted the funding to the catalan government , the spanish goverment is going to wait until it can no longer pay its civil servants , showing the catalan goverment is inoperative , and come to the rescue paying the salaries directly themselfs . 
  to counter this , the catalan government is going to try to collect taxes for itself ( they already have the infrastructure in place ) , and see if they can get enough people to pay taxes to them instead of to the spanish tax agency , if they collect enough to continue the normal operation of the catalan goverment , then catalonia would be the facto independent . 
  so , the people that are agaisnt the referendum are also the ones who decide if it is legal or not , the result is not shocking . 
  the curent mesurements at lhc suggest that there is no new physics below 100tev scale , i do n't see this project to go ahead with this kind of prospects considering how expensive is going to be . 
  indeed . 
  however , never understimate `` merely '' engineering problems . 
  to be honest , everyone is way to comfortable with using oil . 
  it is kiind of suspicious that fusion is scheduled to be comercial in the second half of the century coinciding with the forcasted spike in fosil fuel prices due to peak oil . 
  i always felt that for such an important project iter was severely underfunded . 
  moving eta prisoners to prisons closer to the basque country is just applying the current legality , and it would be gesture towards peace by the spanish goverment after eta has done several of them . 
  i think the demonstration was so massive because the basque people precives that the spanish goverment is doing nothing to achive a lasting peace . 
  she can go to spain , lots of young highly-skilled labour with no chance of a decent job there . 
  well , tv3 is not the only tv station you can watch in catalonia , you could follow the king 's speach in any of the other ones . 
  just 22 years later than promised . 
  so you did n't like it anymore in spain and you wanted independece , just the same that happens now in catalonia . 
  the agreement was not within the catalan goverment , but the party of the goverment with other 3 parties . 
  together they have 88 over 135 seats in the catalan parliament . 
  according to the [ dictionary ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/country ) a country is a state or a nation . 
  catalonia is not a state but is a nation , so i think it was a correct use of the term . 
  the majority of people that lives in catalonia think catalonia is a country so it is . 
  catalan is not official in the eu because the spanish goverment does n't ask for it . 
  if you country is not a state , is like it does n't exist for the eu . 
  sry , declarations of whom ? 
  did you work on it ? 
  if i sleep 7h i have trouble concentrating in the afternoon :o, 
  to be honest i 'd call bullshit on the schedule of the korean school girl in this article . 
  how long can human being go on sleeping just 4:30 h a day ? 
  it is the same fascist that push this kind of laws that say that a referendum of independence would be `` anti-democratic '' . 
  let me say that most of the immigrants of the 60 ' and the 70 ' , and particualrly their children are well integrated , speak catalan fluently , and in many cases suport indepndence . 
  i disagree with the conclusions , right now the most likely is that there are advanced elections in late 2014 early 2015 followed by a declaration of independece if pro-secession parties win those elections .
