  he made massive contributions to venezuela & a very wide world '' https://twitter.com/jeremycorbyn/status/309065744954580992?lang=en i will not go into too much detail but in my personal opinion chavez is not someone who showed the world that wealth can be shared , and i think we can agree on that . 
  then when chavez died , corbyn posted : rip chavez , a friend of the poor . 
  he is a moron !, 
  anytime he opens his mouth about venezuela he just makes me puke . 
  most likely russia or kiev , blocks this big you find only there but my guess would be russia . 
  have no idea where it is . 
  for hungary it should be esztergom basilica which is 100m high . 
  nice list btw . 
  vitoria gasteiz or valencia depending on the size of the city you prefer . 
  vitoria is colder though but in my view it is `` not so cold '' . 
  maybe even toulouse . 
  ah ok , yes , that 's true . 
  i was there with my group of friends from all around the place and a girl was from the ex-soviet space . 
  she spoke english and russian but no ukrainian of course . 
  we were romanians and we addressed the people in english mixing one or two ukrainian words . 
  she tried to be nice and spoke russian as she realized many do not speak good english . 
  she got the dirtiest looks so after two days she switched to english as well . 
  beautiful city overall and my wife told me ivano-frankivsk is beautiful as well . 
  yes , if by full you mean around 2 % of the local population . 
  i visited it with my ethnic polish friend from around there and we specifically discussed things about the local polish population . 
  do n't know that but i 've been to ukraine as a tourist and it is beautiful . 
  but probably bordering countries and diaspora + some business traffic, 
  that 's a very different translation ... 
  it goes like : i fucked up viktor, 
  soros is also an atheist !, 
  he can be all things the alt-right hates !, 
  but it is very important to tell people that it is important not to let soros laugh last !, 
  how can you not see it is important and this needs to be told on billboards using public money !, 
  it is in the public 's best interest for soros to be sad !, 
  sad !, 
  your attitudes are not unusual , they are shit . 
  do n't make them nice though . 
  i never said romania is not a misogynistic country , why would i have to explain why there is no gender parity in leadership positions in a misogynistic country . 
  so you do n't treat women with respect either because in your view they are weak ? 
  typical redneck eastern european detected !, 
  the gays i know are not feminine at all . 
  in fact they are so masculine that girls are all over them ( not knowing they are gay ) . 
  i do n't know where your idea of gays being feminine come from . 
  or why do you care about some of them being feminine . 
  in galicia and asturias during the nights . 
  bear in mind this chart is not only for cities but also for mountaineous regions so the sierra nevada is also taken into account , not just granada . 
  and it not only takes into account day temperatures but night temperatures as well . 
  alecsandri street master race ? 
  neighbour ? 
  yes , no cars in the second picture ( ok , in that picture there still are some but during weekends the whole square is closed to traffic and in two years it will be closed full-time not just in weekends ) . 
  trees were replaced as well and the monument by duiliu marcu in the centre was restored quite nicely . 
  errrm , that place looks [ a lot different today ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/union-square-piata-unirii-oradea-romania-cityscape-beautiful-clouds-80336645.jpg ) i know as i live only 100 meters away from there . 
  inside the eu i would say romania has the worst ones , but i travelled outside the eu and all countries had worse roads ( ukraine , moldova , georgia , armenia ) . 
  have n't been to russia or belarus so ca n't judge . 
  have been around istanbul and there it was fine by my standards . 
  but the worst ones ? 
  armenia is very mountainous and we traveled from tbilisi to yerevan . 
  the armenian side was significantly worse in some parts though it was ok-ish close to yerevan . 
  but i would go with it as its geography is also very bad . 
  moldova might compete only . 
  eu has 28 countries so it was easy to assume you meant eu by those . 
  if not the eu , which 28 countries are you talking about ? 
  tbh that one is actually from moldova ( but the song is still in romanian ) . 
  but moldova would be a tad too wild, 
  libdems were against brexit . 
  snp was against it as well but it seems they have lost seats in scotland making indyref 2 less likely . 
  ukip - well ... 
  come take a walk on the wild side !, 
  i will copy here what i replied to a user before : may is a disaster , i agree but i am thankful i am not a uk citizen to have to choose in this election . 
  [ corbyn on facebook about chavez ] ( https://www.facebook.com/jeremycorbynmp/photos/a.468063663871.262492.330250343871/10151477256613872/?type=1&amp;theater ) [ and twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremycorbyn/status/309065744954580992?lang=en ) friend of the poor , right ? 
  i never heard anyone yet talk about chavez as a friend of the poor and not being a fucking moron . 
  libdems are more reasonable to me but then i understand that the uk elections are not proportional , that 's why i told i am thankful i do n't have to choose tomorrow as i am not a citizen . 
  i will add again that may is a fucking moron as well . 
  may is a disaster , i agree but i am thankful i am not a uk citizen to have to choose in this election . 
  [ corbyn on facebook about chavez ] ( https://www.facebook.com/jeremycorbynmp/photos/a.468063663871.262492.330250343871/10151477256613872/?type=1&amp;theater ) [ and twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremycorbyn/status/309065744954580992?lang=en ) friend of the poor , right ? 
  i never heard anyone yet talk about chavez as a friend of the poor and not being a fucking moron . 
  libdems are more reasonable to me but then i understand that the uk elections are not proportional , that 's why i told i am thankful i do n't have to choose tomorrow as i am not a citizen . 
  not sure if op is from there but this picture convinced me to buy another ticket to girona this year and explore the costa brava this time . 
  thankfully there are tickets from my town of oradea right to girona now and it is easy . 
  but frankly , i think the costa brava ( along with the balearics ) is the most beautiful coastline in spain . 
  i mean in the act of commiting crimes . 
  it is quite different to support someone who plans to commit a crime and to take out a blade and stab people with your pals . 
  this one is different . 
  i get it there are sociopath edgy young losers who sometimes commit terror attacks after years of identity crises and feeling disenfranchised etc but if the reports are true , how can three people conspire to go out and stab people with 12 inch knives ? 
  how is the preparation going on and how can three people like this find each other ? 
  lone wolf incidents are different , but this one seems different and it is more unsettling especially that according to the first reports the intelligence service was not expecting it . 
  relevant username ? 
  one that even romanian will not know . 
  [ mujdei ] ( http://www.delicatesa.ro/files/recipe/1852/main_picture/file-2.jpg ) it is made with cream and lots of garlic . 
  it comes from french : mousse d\u2019ail ( garlic mousse ) . 
  the recipe is different in france but i love how the two words do n't resemble each other anymore . 
  i always wondered , you seem turkish but your username is hungarian . 
  are you also hungarian or living there ? 
  sorry if it is too personal but i was always curious when i saw your name, 
  that happens way too many times among all immigrant groups , it is a known phenomenon . 
  stupid , but not particular to that person . 
  ah , yes , merkel 's childhood friend ( meszaros ) who was nobody a few years ago bought most of the free media and shut it down in some cases ( nepszabadsag ) . 
  i guess i did not read the news about that . 
  also , the same inner circle basically got rich quick with public funds but that is another discussion . 
  cologne rapes ... yes , they were covered in shit . 
  please read up about them more and not from the_donald . 
  that was not a plot but a move i do not personally like but it was not done to fuck up ee countries but to benefit germany . 
  please look for the definition of plot . 
  i am from eastern europe , hold hungarian citizenship as well , i think sanctions are long due and i think the eu was very very slow . 
  that is my only issue with the eu in this regard .
