  bigger cities should present more and more opportunities and change will come . 
  if you move back , you will bring change as well . 
  this is sorta off-topic but i love what you wrote . 
  i am not sure if you are spanish but overall i found that spanish people are one of the most welcoming people in europe , statistically on par with northern europe but on a personal level they are warmer and kinder . 
  it is this reason why after long considerations with my wife , spain is the only option in europe that we can consider moving to besides portugal . 
  and we are financially independent with a young kid and would open a business there ... now with that autonomo thing and burreaucracy and corruption ... well , that makes it not ideal . 
  but the people and the open mentality , acceptance for lgbt and immigrants make up for that . 
  yes , and i always wonder what they are working ... they could stream their life online and i would pay to see it . 
  0 votes in north korea !, 
  last time at the presidential elections it was 3 votes for johannis and 2 votes for ponta !, 
  in my circle it is closer to 20 % - 25 % of the people are lgbt and that is in romania . 
  lots of closeted lgbt who will tell you they are lgbt as you are tolerant and supportive and participate at the pride but wo n't tell their parents . 
  but overall the 5 % is accepted , slightly lower for lesbians . 
  there is still hope for the independent to be profitable as there are still european wannabe leaders who will buy ads !, 
  sure , move , but the problem with europe as a whole is the language barrier . 
  with english only you could find a job in the uk , ireland or malta and if your qualification is in demand in most bigger cities ( berlin , paris , frankfurt , amsterdam ) but even then it would be a big plus to speak the local language . 
  you have less mobility around the eu because of language barriers , so let 's say once you choose to move to germany and learn german you would have a harder time to move again to france or denmark for example . 
  if you do not depend on a job though ... that is completely different and the world is yours, 
  i agree with that . 
  agree about county borders . 
  partially agree about the regions . 
  it is a big debate in oradea as well as many would prefer a crisana region . 
  i agree with that from your perspective . 
  harcov has more in common with mures than with other regions . 
  on another hand if there would be only 8 regions , then szekely region would not be feasible just like crisana region would n't be feasible either because of the population issue . 
  these regional governments would get separate funding with another layer of bureaucracy etc. 
  anyway , that is a long and off-topic discussion and i think there are both pros and cons to it . 
  philosophically i agree with self-determination too . 
  from a practical pov i suspect a more autonomous szekely region would create issues as well . 
  i do n't want to deviate too much but it would be very handy to manipulate a small autonomous region with a few millions in propaganda etc in order to create chaos . 
  a divided europe ( implicitly romania ) would be handy and i am not sure it would be in anyone 's advantage . 
  however ideally i support that , in the current climate and with a more emotional approach rather than pragmatic , i do not support it . 
  you can kiss my daughter though !, 
  she is four months old and she loves nothing more than being kissed on her cheeks !, 
  she will give you an instasmile in return !, 
  lobbying was done by udmr and sometimes public investments were routed there , at least more often than in other areas like mehedinti or ialomita . 
  also , if you look at the [ road quality map ] ( http://imgur.com/yzciixa ) , the situation is not the worst there although not good either . 
  companies look for scalability as well . 
  there is a limit to how many people you can employ in a 50k city . 
  it investments will go in large urban areas with good universities . 
  auto investments will go in larger urban areas . 
  as an example in oradea there is faist mekatronic . 
  they currently employ around 1,600 people i think but if they could they would hire another 1,000 easily ( they even want to build apartments near their factory so that people from further away in the county can come and work for them and leave on weekends only ) . 
  you do n't find that many people in small cities . 
  however a lot more could have been done and could be done in harcov but udmr needed to ride the autonomy wave otherwise they would have lost votes to the other hungarian parties . 
  i know directly from source that not everybody was happy with the way their rhetoric needed to change ( while udmr is right wing , there are all types of people in there , some of them being quite liberal ) . 
  he says the things many disillusioned people want to hear ; that they are special snowflakes who did no bad and history was bad against their great country which btw is the purest in all . 
  using lots of adjectives and no substance he can appeal the emotional side . 
  [ bonus to lighten the mood up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lec7mzyaagw ), 
  you live close by though !, 
  drop me a note if you ever come to oradea to have a coffee, 
  i had to go when i wrote that too . 
  what i wanted to say is that harcov is less developed economically but it has more to do with geography and demographics than politics . 
  sure , if we take into account the politics of the 80 's i will fully agree that there was political will to keep the region underdeveloped ( no big industry was moved there ) and i am sure you will find the loonies who would want to keep it that way but i feel they are in minority . 
  politics-wise too it is not wise to invest there as you will not sway voters towards your party ( [ see this video maybe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rstl7nir7gs ) ) as they will vote mostly ethnically and in terms of political gains it is not a good investment ( unfortunately this is how things work ) . 
  but harcov would have issues anyway because they are small counties with no big city that could attract talent the way cluj , timisoara or even iasi can do . 
  bigger urban aglomerations attract talent and talent attracts investment . 
  if you look at maps ( whether you look at foreign direct investments per capita or gdp per capita or almost any metric ) you will see counties with larger urban areas like cluj or timis doing fairly better than the rest . 
  on the other hand counties with small cities are doing worse , even in transylvania ( see salaj or bistrita ) and in the case of bistrita it is clear that it has nothing to do with it being ethnically hungarian . 
  mures gets more private and public investments because it has a larger urban area and it is wiser to invest there where more people live . 
  i suspect that even if harcov would be ethnically purely romanian it would still not be ( much ) different economically ( i put much in brackets because of the way votes could be moved and some purely electoral public investments might have been made there but overall not much impact ) . 
  looking at mures or bihor counties , you will get a different picture . 
  they are well-off compared to romanian standards and they get public investments . 
  craiova alone as a city has a larger population than covasna county and as a transylvanian i say that not enough public investment flows there ( considering there is a ford factory there too ) . 
  there is this lie repeated over time that transylvanian counties contribute more to the state budget vs what they receive . 
  while certainly there are plenty of regions that get more from the state budget and they are not in transylvania , however i look at the statistics i do not see discrimination . 
  take a look at [ this article ] ( http://www.gandul.info/financiar/exclusiv-gandul-harta-banilor-din-romania-pe-judete-vezi-aici-cat-primeste-inapoi-judetul-tau-din-impozitele-platite-statului-8549493 ) or at [ this one ] ( http://www.economica.net/harta-judetelor_80453.html ) you might say salaries are lower in harcov and you are right . 
  but that is how things are in smaller cities where lots of small and medium sized businesses operate - the minimum wage is paid officially , the rest is paid in hand . 
  in bigger cities with multinationals , things are more clear . 
  in vaslui salaries are higher officially because lots of state employees ( their salary is white ) and more unemployment on the other hand . 
  but that is another issue completely . 
  feel free to pm me if you want to chat . 
  oh , dan puric is big , unfortunately . 
  hundreds of people pay money to hear his nonsensical monologues in every city and town in romania ... ramblings about nationalism etc. 
  he is a bestselling author as well ( i want to puke thinking about that ) . 
  ah , no , but there are lighter versions of them like dan puric who have great appeal to the greater public . 
  oh and the dacopats . 
  i find it odd that people remember maps from 100 years ago but that is nothing compared to the dacopats ( i think you have at least romanian ancestry so that is why i will not go deeper into that ) . 
  lots of conspiratards who are bringing up the glorious dacian borders ( wtf ) and how they were invaded by all these migrants ( hurr durr ) . 
  you might consider them loonies ( they certainly are ) but the revival of the dac myth is so silly ... 
  i have no words ... in fact many consider jesus was from dacia . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  this has nothing to do with hungary but lots of people are uneducated and they do n't believe you when you tell them oradea ( my city ) has not been part of romania ... 
  i met people who would argue ( based on what ) that it was a dac city and it is part of romania then ... you ca n't go any lower than that with interpreting history . 
  i agree . 
  except slovakian drivers . 
  i was almost run over twice in budapest - twice slovakian license plates ( might have been tax-dodging hungarians though ) . 
  less so myself but i heard plenty of times variations of `` they are in romania , they should please the majority '' or `` why do n't they speak our language ? '', 
  last time coming from a teenager towards an obvious group of hungarian tourists ... he did not take it lightly when i told to shut up his whore mouth as his family barely moved back from working in a country where they did not speak the local language - but ok , he was a stupid teenager . 
  recently there was [ a case that got the media 's attention ] ( http://www.mediafax.ro/social/plangere-la-cncd-depusa-de-udmr-in-cazul-unui-medic-care-ar-fi-umilit-o-fata-din-covasna-15081657 ) but i am 100 % sure plenty of other similar cases exist ( hell , my mother can tell some ) . 
  oh , i know the whole region is a clusterfuck historically . 
  that is why it is futile to look for `` right and wrong '' . 
  there is absolutely no side who did not commit atrocities ( look at romanian army in odessa ) and there is no good and bad , just politics that played out the way it did . 
  and by the way of that , this november there were 75 years from the odessa masacre ( where 25.000 people were killed during three days ) . 
  i did not see any tv show commemorating it . 
  same for hungary . 
  there are many positive things to be said about them too , but then i pass through kenderes every time i go to budapest and there the horthy museum is advertised ... no shame in either country 's history , no guilt , no honesty when talking about history ( this thing is valid for the whole region , not just ro and hu ) . 
  there would be nothing to lose and a lot to gain if people would learn that in their history , their country committed atrocities , blind love for a nation leads to no good . 
  `` there is the sign 200 meters on your back , you are romanian , you ca n't read '' . 
  however , plenty of similar experiences for hungarians in romania .
