  quite diverse religiously and i hope it stays peaceful although it has many challenges with the huge influx of refugees and the not so stable neighbors . 
  yes . 
  and it is also used as an adjective not just as a noun . 
  people even say `` kurva szep '' which means `` very beautiful '', 
  is it because the estonian economy is linked quite a bit to the finnish one or some other reason ? 
  yes , but it is even better than that . 
  italian olive oil is shit compared to greek one and italy is also a mediterranean country . 
  not op , but i try to buy foodstuff from the region . 
  my wines are from moldova , chocolate from ukraine , lots of things from romania , milk from hungary and feta cheese and olive oil from greece ( the greek one is much better quality too ) . 
  greek food is surprisingly good ( there was a hummus as well in the market i liked but ca n't find anymore ) . 
  i was never keen on visiting greece but will do just so i pack some food from there ... delicious !, 
  for dental work i really recommend romania or hungary ( most likely other countries are ok as well , but i know these two ) . 
  in hungary , right at the border with austria , in mosonmagyarovar there are plenty of dentists who speak german as well ( vienese clients ) . 
  in romania less so ( english is more prevalent ) but the quality is just as good and costs even less . 
  ivf treatments , plastic surgeries are also cheaper but with plastic surgery i would recommend budapest over romania . 
  some of the points you make are true ( infrastructure for example is way behind although improving but too slowly , public hospitals as well ) . 
  some are exaggerations ( politicians steal half of the budget ) . 
  the corruption is a huge issue but in the wildest contracts , 20 % is stolen , 10 % was average for my county 5 years ago but nowadays there are contracts that are given out without any form of bribing ( still they are rare ) . 
  some of the points are completely off ( cost of living being almost that of western countries ) . 
  well , tomorrow i move back to romania ( for a while , will consider moving afterwards to southern europe , i am a freelancer working from home etc ) . 
  cost of living is not the same . 
  rents are very different , services are a lot cheaper ( getting my hair cut , going to the dentist etc ) , internet or running water is cheaper . 
  some food items are priced the same , but overall meat is visibly cheaper while other food stuffs are just a bit cheaper . 
  clothes are at the same level though . 
  the reason i wrote this is to give nuance . 
  not everything is shit and not everything is good . 
  overall it is worse . 
  but someone with a job that pays 600 euro net here lives better than someone with 1k euro in a menial job in western europe . 
  you can thank mr orban for that affair . 
  oh , she adored being in the spotlight !, 
  at the ro-hu border they pass it to each other in 100 % of the cases . 
  yes , jobbik gained support only after the immigration issue and not before . 
  elections were held before migration was even an issue . 
  of course hungary ca n't take back the regions but that is beside the point . 
  it is the constant preoccupation of officials of the government with symbolism of the past . 
  many hungarians are anchored in the past , more so than romanians . 
  the amount of great hungary flags that i see posted on cars in budapest is astonishing and that comes from a person with double citizenship living in budapest . 
  it is used in romania as well , at least in the industry itself, 
  yes , too bad i live 800 km from constanta . 
  now about odessa , i 've been to ukraine first two times on election monitoring missions . 
  have n't been to odessa yet but my colleagues said people were quite hostile towards them as romanians in the villages next to odessa ( while everything in western ukraine was lovely , and we fell in love with ukraine ) . 
  not sure how that much was just their subjective impression or how much it had to do with the setting of election . 
  i will visit one day odessa , my best friend is ukrainian and i 've been there four different times . 
  i ca n't recommend it enough to people . 
  and to anybody thinking of visiting ukraine , their sweets are awesome , higher quality overall than what i get here in budapest . 
  just got back from kiev last week . 
  i never thought it is so hilly !, 
  and the river bank is very very green . 
  got back with loads of roshen chocolate , ca n't stop eating . 
  lviv and ivano-frankivsk are also cool places !, 
  i really recommend ukraine to anyone and not just because it is cheap . 
  that is not true as one compares oneself with their immediate neighborhood aka `` keeping up with the joneses '' . 
  someone owning a 20 year old car in a village where no car exists and being able to provide food for his/her family where there is starvation will feel better about themselves than someone earning $ 3,000 a month in san francisco . 
  vienna as well , 
  i am a location independent and the question depends a lot on your particular situation . 
  i work online so i can move around anywhere ( but of course i will always prefer cheaper countries ) . 
  numbeo will give you a rough idea about prices in certain parts of europe . 
  but now comes your part . 
  how important is for the country to be cheap ? 
  if very , look for hungary , romania , czech republic or portugal . 
  even spain . 
  if not , move on . 
  will you work there ? 
  nordic countries are better to work in generally . 
  do you like bigger cities or smaller ones ? 
  what type of cultural activities do you prefer ? 
  going too much eastwards or southwards may offer less good concerts or festivals ( northern italy is still great in this regard ) . 
  how important is nature for you ? 
  seaside or mountains ? 
  or both ? 
  italy again is great in this regard although if seaside is your preference and you want a cheaper place consider spain or portugal as well . 
  how important is for the people to be open ? 
  this is sensitive here and i do not want to generalize but you would feel home faster in the east or in the south than in munich for example ( just my opinion though ) . 
  in germany it is not hard to get a job but depending on your skills there are better options as well . 
  shoot any questions via pm if you want . 
  i understand italian quite well and i am used to the cadence . 
  i have issues with spanish though and i do n't understand any of it if it is spoken fast . 
  french is unintelligible on the other hand ( unless i am reading it , then i understand over 90 % of it ) . 
  that surely does n't do any good for finland 's economy now . 
  i hope jolla will grow pretty soon and will be able to absorb some of that shock in the labor market, 
  i only heard it once when kaiser chiefs gave a concert in 2008 at sziget . 
  the other way around it is more common . 
  a car is a prize that anyone can visualize . 
  a tax free year less so . 
  as an incentive , a car is a better idea . 
  life is n't bad in lviv but ukraine is in many parts rural and the east is not that fun ( although donetsk was quite developed ) . 
  also , people you come into contact with are usually well educated and life was not that bad for educated people . 
  now , salaries are very low nominally in euros and the last two years have a toll on many lives . 
  it is a gdp anomaly because of all the big us companies that are registered there . 
  still , it recovered fine . 
  ideally yes but civic participation is low in many countries not just in greece . 
  greece just happens to have got incompetent people to rule them year after year . 
  it is hard to reform an inefficient and corrupt system and you can give up quite easily . 
  i know i did give up after working 5 years in trying to improve dialog between mps and citizens . 
  i bet anything there are more than 1,000 . 
  although greece 's economy has a higher share of small companies with less than 8 employees than any other eu country , still , 1000 companies or less is too small . 
  there are so many industries where half a million is not that much ( logistics , think about the port , arms companies , banks and financial institutions , retail , agriculture - olive oil producers , ship-building factories , bigger hotels or hotel chains etc ) . 
  getting polarized is easy , does not take much effort and one feels better for having a stance . 
  it works like this in anything sadly . 
  i hate all the talk i get about greeks as well .
