  anyway , i went a bit off-topic but the thing is that the eu would listen to hungary 's requests and ideas if they are reasonable , benefit the eu members and is in line with eu values . 
  lately they are less and less so aligned and i would say it is not because of the eu but because orban needs to play the victim card and the eu was found to be the best big bad thing that hinders hungary 's prosperity . 
  i 've read through your post history , you are clearly intelligent and you are not against the eu because of stupid reasons but bring up some valid points ( although i do not agree with some ) . 
  if you have time once , please look into the way laws are made and into the very complicated mechanism that the eu is . 
  it is a fascinating mechanism and a very democratic one although powerful economies that also have higher educated people ( and attract them further ) clearly have an advantage when making policy . 
  question anything we do ? 
  that is tax-payer money spent on an ad campaign against the eu . 
  and a very sketchy questionnaire with very loaded questions . 
  hundreds of millions were spent on propaganda and hungary is filled with posters like this http://www.portfolio.hu/img/upload/title1500/p/plakatkampanykormanykonzultaciomti1500-20170404.jpg and last year these : http://24.hu/app/uploads/2016/07/kormany1.jpg ( translated : did you know ? 
  since the beginning of the migrant crisis over 300 people died in the eu due to terror attacks ) . 
  oh , it is just an information campaign from the government keeping its citizens informed . 
  how you dare question anything ? 
  tax money spent on a campaign that plastered all the country with the message : let 's stop brussels !, 
  very informative . 
  money very well spent . 
  unlike those stupid bureaucrats in brussels that do n't let hungary prosper !, 
  it is ok to not like the eu , that is your opinion , i respect people who do not like it and have an opinion against it . 
  but if this type of authoritarian bullshit from pro eu people is why you are against serbia joining ... well , then you certainly do some mental gymnastics, 
  yes , because the average jancsi from picsapuszta knows exactly what bureaucracy in brussels is about and not just parrots what the media controlled by fidesz relentlessly repeats . 
  looks very similar to the one in oradea http://www.evenimenteoradea.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/teatrul-regina-mari-sala.jpg, 
  that was actually perfect . 
  ( that was a long time ago , not sure your age but it was a very popular quote back in early 2000s when orban won for the first time ) . 
  the international context is bad too , making wannabe isolationists have more space to maneuver and the whataboutism helps orban as people are disillusioned . 
  this is a very sad day for me , i know dozens of ceu graduates . 
  this was a good article from hvg today if you have n't read it yet http://hvg.hu/itthon/20170404_tgm_sorosugy_ceu, 
  ah , that must really suck . 
  but then reach out to friends/students who might be too disillusioned to cast a vote . 
  i will do it myself ( double citizenship here ) . 
  reach out to as many people as possible that you think are fidesz voters and talk to them . 
  i know the opposition is not in a better shape and unfortunately they are no less ( financially ) corrupt but at least they are not insane and morally corrupt . 
  there will be elections soon and hungary needs people like you who can see through the bullshit . 
  leaving is a choice that is best for your mental health and most likely financial well-being as well . 
  but i do not think fidesz wants to leave the eu , it would n't be in their interest to do so . 
  however they further away from the eu ideals one measure at a time . 
  what i would urge you to do though is to get all your distant relatives out to vote and discuss politics in a sane and civil manner with them . 
  i bet there are fidesz voters around you as the media gets controlled by them more and more . 
  but leaving is a choice that i did myself too as i did not want to bring up my daughter in such an environment long-term although i still love budapest a lot . 
  if there is something i predict will go right in the negotiations , that will have to be the the status of uk citizens in eu and vice versa . 
  i do n't see any part wanting to be seen as holding people as ransom . 
  it has to be slovakia although i only visited bratislava , kosice and komarno ( and the small town on the other side from esztergom ) . 
  bratislava has its nice places and i enjoyed my two days spent there but if i have to answer which country impressed me the least it has to be slovakia ( have n't visited any of the nordics yet though and neither the baltics . 
  did visit the rest including the caucasus countries ) . 
  it was because of lex heineken that heineken considered it has more to lose in hungary with this case . 
  brutal , disgusting shit overall , but i expect nothing good from lazar . 
  implied trade name violation ? 
  i have studied ip law and igazi csiki sor was 100 % in the wrong here , no question about it . 
  the stupidest , most populist fiasco i witnessed lately . 
  igazi csiki sor clearly violated the tm of heineken as heineken owned the brand ciuc which everybody in szeklerland used the hungarian name for when ordering like `` give me a csiki sor '' . 
  the new brand created `` igazi csiki sor '' meaning `` true ciuc beer '' was purposefully violated the trademark of heineken in order to create publicity and stir up local patriotism towards their product . 
  they clearly got more than they hoped for with this whole fiasco . 
  but it was cringey to watch lazar and his statements . 
  thanks . 
  you should , i hope you 'll be able to . 
  have a nice day !, 
  still does n't compute . 
  even if it would it neglects that plenty of muslims get westernized . 
  it is anecdotal yes , but when i was in neukoln that clearly turkish girl with a tattoo drinking beer in the park seemed quite westernized . 
  ok , that was a true anecdote but i 've read that 25 % of muslims marry people of other religion in france ( christians mostly ) . 
  and we agree ( i think ) that france made mistakes in integrating immigrants . 
  it is hard to put in writing so i will stress out that i do not want to sound condescending at all , i am purely curious : have you lived or been in europe and experienced this `` take over '' first hand or is it just media reporting ? 
  thanks !, 
  am i living in an alternate reality here ? 
  how are muslims taking over europe ? 
  i do not say there are no integration issues . 
  but please , please , take a look at different countries and you will see that some did better with the muslim immigrants than others ( there is a clear difference between spain and france or belgium and the netherlands even ) . 
  different policies yield different results . 
  but i am not sure you will be open enough to look at it objectively when you say muslims are taking over the continent as that is really too far from reality . 
  do n't know much about agriculture , just i heard similar things . 
  i 'm pretty sure romania as a whole has the largest number of farmers in europe and therefore can claim a lot more money from the eu than is currently happening  i might be wrong as i know next to nothing about agriculture but i think the funds are per cattle/pig not per farmer . 
  romania does indeed have the largest number of farmers in europe but it is subsistence farming . 
  back when i was a kid and lived in poverty we had to move away from the apartment and buy a house in a village . 
  there we had a garden and every year we bought two pigs that we fed with grass/rests of food like boiled potato skin/corn from our small garden and also had chicken . 
  as back in the 90s there were no jobs my mother was officially a farmer but it was nothing like farming . 
  we are in a much better position now but two million people are still subsistance farmers who have one cow/two pigs/loads of chicken and mostly for their own consumption only . 
  nothing sustainable , no production of food that helps feeding other people . 
  and yes , i imagine there are many abuses with the subsidies . 
  agricultural funds for investment from the eu are different , there you get 50 % to buy a tractor etc and you need to have x amount of hectares etc. 
  that part is a lot cleaner . 
  trust me on this , it is still more likely you will not get caught . 
  but the % of stolen funds is lower for sure !, 
  also , at least for infrastructure projects it is still not that difficult to favor one bidder . 
  and with construction projects it is always like that ... less expensive materials than projected , some fictive costs here and there and voila , you get 5 % - 10 % easily . 
  but at least the romanian authorities collaborate with the eu ones in this regard far better than other countries or this is what i heard from some olaf bureaucrats . 
  you are one of my most upvoted redditors according to my res but i will have to disagree here . 
  ok , not disagree but add to it as i see this being repeated over and over . 
  eu funds can be stolen . 
  it is not rocket science . 
  hungarian infrastructure projects are the truth for that but if you look at romanian projects you will find plenty of funds that were stolen as well . 
  romania has less money allocated to it than other countries . 
  it is a fact . 
  this is the result of negotiations , i will not get into why different countries have different amounts of funds available , that would be a long discussion . 
  the burreaucracy has more to do with it . 
  and for the past cycle at least there was a lack of specialists as well who were keen to work for the agencies managing the eu funds for romanian salaries and no way to supplement those bad salaries . 
  then there is just plain old incompetence . 
  i love how the way seats are positioned influences so much how debates are held and ultimately the policy . 
  i do believe that the romanian parliament would be a lot more efficient if it would not be isolated with giant cold walls . 
  it was n't the case here . 
  mostly women from impoverished rural areas from north-east . 
  and it is endemic . 
  that 's why i said that will be the way i boycott the netherlands :d,
