  the clubbing scene is second to none , it can only be compared to puspokladany on a serious note , before lidl entered in oradea , lots of people went to ujfalu to shop . 
  nowadays it is the other way around as the food vat in ro is 9 % vs 27 % there . 
  far from me to associate negative statistics with the roma community but when it comes to teen pregnancy , the correlation very much exists . 
  anecdotally , my wife gave birth last year and we stayed 5 days in the maternity ( c-section ) . 
  during that time i saw three teenage moms there - all three roma . 
  as far as i understood , one of them was 14 yo , so she would n't even be included in this statistic . 
  add to that that plenty of roma girls do n't even go to the hospital to give birth ( as i worked close with their communities i know this is very prevalent still ) . 
  probably i will do regions as i do not know much about some counties ( really , what is there in vaslui or calarasi ? ), 
  and there are 40 and that would be too boring . 
  i will do one more for each region , i knew bihor better since i am from here . 
  you 're welcome napoleonfucker69 !, 
  and yes , bihor is very good as it is very varied and in a small area you can find everything from mountains with caves , waterfalls great hiking to thermal waters and to wildlife areas like the cefa ( although the touristic infrastructure there leaves a lot to be desired ) . 
  the north of the county has some good wines . 
  thanks for the feedback . 
  unfortunately i did not find many good photos with people in it but will try to incorporate more in the future . 
  plus i did not want to include clear faces of people without their permission . 
  i wanted to include [ this photo ] ( http://cdn.ebihoreanul.ro/static/gallery_big/vizionare-campionat-european-piata-unirii_16.jpg ) in the set but to my surprise i found myself in the crowd quite visibly . 
  [ this one ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lj-tuccstvg/tzatxk-rk_i/aaaaaaaahfq/s0ls15-sejs/s800/03-dsc_6114.jpg ) i am not even sure it was made in bihor or cluj county . 
  there are monthly traditional artisanal fairs , i should take some photos there as it is hard to find good ones . 
  here is what the [ local artisanal things ] ( http://cdn1.bihon.ro/2015/07/targ1.jpg ) look like, 
  usually the kids born to teenage girls will have more socio-economic and psychological problems as well so it is not ideal . 
  plus the mother will have to forfeit studies/career so it has many drawbacks as well . 
  ok , most teenage pregnancies are roma girls giving birth but still ... italy and germany are some of the oldest countries in the world , at least germany has the advantage of good migration . 
  i think i read somewhere that 15 % of italy 's budget goes to pay pensions ? 
  found the data https://data.oecd.org/socialexp/pension-spending.htm i feel your pain and italy 's situation is not sustainable . 
  [ thank god for bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thank_god_for_mississippi ), 
  the cellars are used for storing wine . 
  unfortunately the wine in that village is not good enough , but the cellars are very well taken care of , sometimes better than the houses . 
  unfortunately few people know about this village , i know because it is my father 's birthplace . 
  there are n't many pictures , but usually at 6 pm all the locals sit on a chair in front of their cellars and invite you to taste their ( awful ) wine . 
  as a fun fact , the village is the one that has the most suicides per capita in romania , probably because their wines are that bad . 
  however the century-old cellar streets look beautiful . 
  there is amazing wine as well in bihor , but not in salacea for example in diosig ( actually i drank two weeks ago a wine from there and it is in my top 3 of all wines i drank , and i drank many bottles in my life ) . 
  thank you for the suggestion !, 
  i thought about that and wanted to include one or two photos of people and festivals but i could not add any more photo to the imgur album - it would n't upload . 
  on the other hand romanian/hungarian cuisine is a lot less exciting than the italian one . 
  probably i will not do 40 episodes , but maybe 6-7 and cover regions ( maramures , transylvania , bucovina , moldova , dobrogea , banat and oltenia ) and then i can include more posts about food and festivals . 
  oradea is beautiful and i left out plenty of interesting places ( main street - republicii , the basilica , the citadel , the black eagle passage etc ) but tbh it is not a dynamic city ( and that one can not see through the pictures ) . 
  anyway , i live here and overall it is a good place to be . 
  i saw the many beautiful posts about italian region and i really enjoyed them so i created one for the county i live in , one of the 40 counties of romania . 
  i left out many places as i did not want it to be too long ( like boga valley , stana de vale , balc or the oradea fortress ) . 
  i hope you will enjoy it and it gives you a glimpse of the place . 
  let me know if you would change/add anything . 
  edit : i wanted to start the album with a map that shows the location of bihor but i ca n't upload any other picture , so for those curious , [ here it is ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9b/bihor_in_romania.svg/250px-bihor_in_romania.svg.png ) in the nw part of romania . 
  georgia gets georgia, 
  it is 8 people now . 
  and they were already saved !, 
  no , no link anymore but a good number of years ago i saw one and it was supported . 
  of course , more so in spain than in france for example . 
  i would be curious to see the data again , will try to look it up this evening . 
  that happens too but it is a lot with low skilled workers when 4-6 people rent a room and live extra-frugal . 
  but the highly skilled workers ( doctors , it , financial ) or even my friends i know who moved to the uk as social workers did it for the better infrastructure , better healthcare and more diverse entertainment and for a more secure future ( bigger and more diverse economy ) . 
  migration occurs for various reasons . 
  i know a girl who moved to belgium just to be as far as possible from her family ( she had decent job here ) . 
  i agree but in hindsight it is a lot easier to see things . 
  in early 2000 's the expansion was also a very emotional issue and overall it was supported by the majority of the population both in east and west . 
  i do n't think romania or bulgaria will ever completely close the gap though . 
  growth now exists but it is fueled by companies relocating for cheap labour not for qualified labour ( with exceptions of course ) . 
  there is the [ middle income trap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_income_trap ) and romania will not escape it . 
  maybe the czech rep will but their economic fundamental and geographical position is vastly different . 
  growth is not arithmetic and at one point it will slow down unless there is mass focus on improving education ( very unlikely ) . 
  it will be interesting to see what the next 10 years bring everyone . 
  northern ireland is not in a good position unfortunately but i was proven wrong so many times before and i really hope things will improve there . 
  it was one of the most idiotic eu laws that affected the consumers . 
  i maintain over 80 websites and it would have taken me a lot of useless time if i would have updated all of them . 
  i did n't do it as i considered it stupid from the beginning but it frustrated me as a user too . 
  for romania it would be : 1 . 
  football 2 . 
  handball 3 . 
  basketball in terms of individual sports tennis . 
  in hungary it would be 1 . 
  football 2 . 
  waterpolo 3 . 
  handball individual sports - swimming and kayak-canoe are quite popular but do n't know for sure how many people watch it . 
  in lithuania i think basketball is more popular than football . 
  especially that hu is the top ( or in the top 3 ) net receiver of funds per capita ... it would still be stupid though, 
  i do n't want to contradict you either , especially that italy got the worst romanian immigrants of all but i think they are more easily imprisoned . 
  i befriended some ( quite liberal ) italian youth on one of my trips and they were telling me about an occasion when a romanian friend of theirs smoked weed in a park with them and the carabinieri confiscated their weed while verbally abusing and insulting the romanian only . 
  extrapolating i guess romanians are imprisoned easier ( and there was another case they gave but since i did not know any of the protagonists i will not go into detail - only second hand source ) . 
  all in all i think you were downvoted for your first comment as you said your criminally ** literally skyrocketed ** due to the accession of romania to the eu ( well , you linked them together ) . 
  i did downvote you but if you provide a source that crimes in italy skyrocketed after jan 1 2007 , i will change that . 
  have a great new year !, 
  it is true !, 
  :( confirmed by his publicist and it is everywhere !, 
  i make a difference between those who form the opinion and design the policies and those that follow them . 
  i would n't mind waking up to seeing zhirinovski or dugin dead . 
  in fact , my day would be better . 
  likewise i would n't be happy if the guys in st petersburg that fabricate fake news all around the world would be dead , although i wish the complete infrastructure around that would crumble . 
  i hope you see the difference and understand that when people die even if they have opposite views from yours , immense sorrow exists in the family 's hearts and at least you can acknowledge that . 
  the artists and charity workers on that plane did nothing wrong to anyone !, 
  in fact they brought joy to many . 
  they are no longer among us !, 
  please be civil, 
  i have to say i am russophobe and i hate russian politics to the core and everything it represents ... but ... it was the red army choir and dr liza ... artists ... and charity workers ... the best of what russia got and russia got some great people , now some of those great people are no longer with us . 
  :( this is very sad news i have awaken to, 
  i do not think spanish people are racist , and even if the problem exists , it is less persistent than in other countries . 
  on the contrary , i always felt welcome there , although i have been on vacations only there and have not lived there ( but tried to blend in while vacationing , not doing tourist things ) . 
  but with moving , it is a different decision . 
  while we will not face workplace challenges as we work online , i am still thinking where our daughter 's school will be best ( she is less than one year old now ) and whether she will face any setback that she is not spanish , but the signals look positive for now . 
  maybe it is my optimistic nature , but i think spain is on the right path now economically and growth will be back , albeit not pre-2008 type of growth .
