  that is ridiculous . 
  for the most part greeks are hard working and fun people . 
  greek governments on the other hand were weak , did not have enough political will to make a fiscal reform and to put the country in shape . 
  you ca n't blame the people for not paying very close attention to all the matters the govt does . 
  of course , ideally the people of a country would be involved in the country 's matters but it rarely ever happens . 
  i cringe whenever i read someone blaming greek people for their choices . 
  yes , in a way a government reflects its people but there was no good alternative to choose from at any time . 
  grassroot political projects do n't have a following in times of peace and relative prosperity . 
  you ca n't blame that people mind their daily lives , work a lot , play with their families and then do n't spend time to analyse the macroeconomic situation and getting involved in the life of the citadel . 
  i can vouch for that as well . 
  germany ( and austria as well ) might be pc and not be racist on the surface but oh boy , deep down many bigots lie there . 
  however met many genuinely nice people too but after getting good friends with one he confessed that he hates germany more than anything ( he moved out of there as well ) . 
  overall , spanish people are more welcoming and warm and i could not imagine my life in a cold place . 
  slovakia is part of the eurozone . 
  but slovakians were outraged when they had to contribute to bailout funds . 
  no , they still work seasonal jobs in greece today . 
  i even know someone personally working in greece . 
  that is very far from the sentiment in romania . 
  romania is very pro-eu and in this instance rightfully so . 
  populism does n't work anywhere but for some it is easier to pain the world as `` we good '' vs `` they bad '' and go with that . 
  i do n't know the exact rates but i bet it is over the eu 's average and smoking is still possible inside pubs . 
  i would n't call it fashionable though and rates are decreasing as from my very limited observation , it is less desirable for young people to smoke it than back in my old days . 
  in regards to consumption , i found [ this chart ] ( http://image.slidesharecdn.com/gallusbarcelona2012-120719052749-phpapp02/95/the-ppacte-survey-on-the-economic-aspects-of-smoking-in-europe-14-728.jpg?cb=1342675839 ) but i do not know its source, 
  [ papanasi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/papana%c8%99i ), 
  hmm , this is a very subjective discussion that is most likely best for another thread or in private if you wish . 
  the masterrace behavior is gone especially on a political level but there are many stories of eastern europeans who feel discriminated and treated inferiorly in germany ( including my so 's story ) . 
  on the other hand it might be a cultural difference . 
  for example romanians or serbians or hungarians are more easy going and not very strict and calculated . 
  i do not agree completely but overall it is a more individualist and material society that leads some person 's priorities to be different culturally . 
  i was on the other hand in 1990 . 
  we got tic tacs !, 
  i could n't help myself and ate them all and put some small white beans instead so that my brother will suck on those when he comes home . 
  i was a mean kid sometimes, 
  oh , you upper class kids with their extravagance !, 
  you are one of my favorite russian redditors . 
  very level-headed and rational . 
  depending on your qualifications i am sure you would not find it extremely hard to go . 
  please tell me more about the special treatment gay people get . 
  how nice of eastern european countries to not kill gays . 
  this is the type of community i strive for !, 
  disgusting and overused argument . 
  society is so accepting of gays as you can see in this video . 
  they just accept everybody the way they are . 
  i do n't think so and i do n't see they getting a lot of votes in budapest but i am an optimist . 
  on the other hand , fidesz is on a downwards slope and neither party profited it , people who were fidesz supporters got disillusioned . 
  the left is not credible in the countryside and jobbik could capitalize on disillusioned people and they have to be taken seriously but i do n't think they will get a majority . 
  and they need 50 % + to form a government as i think in case they get any less , all the other parties will unite . 
  yes , in the morning especially, 
  the danube delta is praised by many though i have n't been there yet . 
  look it up , although getting there might not be easy . 
  if going to the water is not necessary , transylvania is worth it and mountains there are gorgeous . 
  in hungary the badacsony area of the balaton is nice and there are good wines as well made locally . 
  porto is great for portugal if you want seaside . 
  but if you want seaside but not necessarily warm sea then i would also recommend the northern part of spain , especially asturias . 
  gdp is very subjective though , especially for capital cities/regions . 
  many businesses are registered in the capital and their activity is counted in that region while they may have production facilities elsewhere . 
  bratislava being above vienna looks interesting in this regard ( although this is ppp data not nominal ) . 
  abuse is rampant among roma families . 
  i think the best approach is the norwegian approach if there is no discrimination . 
  however support would be needed to be given to roma families and explained to them beforehand that any type of physical abuse will have dire consequences . 
  in my personal experience abuse is more rampant in roma families than in romanian families struck by poverty ( and that is already very bad ) . 
  yes , it is a severe existential crisis for many of them . 
  a muslim leaving their faith is much harder than a christian leaving it and there are not many support groups and society is not accommodating to them . 
  while it is true you can see bratislava in one day , it is not that bad of a place . 
  the statues were refreshing , the pedestrian zone was nice and enjoyable and the castle area as well . 
  however , i never understand how whenever we go to bratislava we can never find a parking place !, 
  my longest search for a parking place was in bratislava !, 
  that city should do something about that, 
  i live in the viiith district ( granted it is palotanegyed ) and i think it is the safest part of budapest . 
  definitely beats the vth district or the viith . 
  yes , my mother tried having an abortion in 1985 but it was n't possible . 
  she had an illegal one in 1988 though which was an `` adventure '' back then . 
  what do you want to know about it ? 
  yes , but that is the income tax . 
  say , i work in it as an individual and i pay 10 % off my contracts . 
  but if i am employed , i get to pay more . 
  i doubt it is 10 % only but that would be great though . 
  i found [ this calculator ] ( http://www.kik-bg.com/en/payroll-calculators/payroll-calculator-gross-to-net.php ) i entered the 440 euro brutto salary and it showed that netto it is 345 euro . 
  the personal income tax was just part of that salary . 
  is that correct calculator ? 
  i am curious about different tax systems all around eu countries , that 's why i ask . 
  it can be done . 
  i lived off 100 euros a month for a year after high school ( granted , i had a small studio ) and i lived alone cooking for myself . 
  it was n't fun but i was able to do it ( 100 euros back then equals to around 170 euro in current money ) . 
  you can survive . 
  does n't mean you can purchase fancy stuff or travel wherever but you can survive . 
  sharing things with others ( borrowing books , never buying ) , downloading things etc. 
  also , i have to add that average salary is not the median salary . 
  median salary is lower even . 
  but that is the way things work in ro and bulgaria . 
  you get creative . 
  i am pretty sure that 10 % is the profit tax for corporations while the labor taxes ( health contributions , unemployment contribution etc ) are different . 
  that figure is before taxes . 
  what are the taxes on it ? 
  how much is that net ? 
  yes , your comment is spot on . 
  atlatszo publishes many great pieces of investigations but it does not reach people . 
  it is like people feel more comfortable not to think . 
  it is more like a `` fuck them all '' mentality . 
  people are easily manipulated everywhere .
