  hungary is also better positioned geographically and that is seen in how developed gyor-moson-sopron county is ( relative to the other areas ) . 
  i really hope a new movement can be formed on the left . 
  i had hopes in milla or lmp but i really dislike schiffer and they do n't have a message outside of bp anyway . 
  something needs to change drastically though . 
  i used to admire hungary for the way it protested against authority , for 1956 etc. 
  last big protests were against the internet tax but orban was fast to respond to that . 
  nowadays it is indeed the other way around , romania has the chance to change , slowly civic participation grows ( far from healthy levels still ) while hungarians are resigned and say `` all politicians are the same '' ( i heard this thing from hungarians too many damn times ) . 
  it is also a more conservative society , anchored in the past , while romanians shun romania and there is more ground for change . 
  overall , romania has a very long way to go but there are premises for it succeeding while right now ( for the first time ) i am more pessimist in regards to hungary . 
  all this happens while hungary gets the most eu funds per capita ( i think hungary gets just as many funds as romania which has double the population and is even poorer ) while the elite talks about the decadence of the west and new models in turkey ( ok , that was two years ago i think but still ) . 
  romania has many challenges and i am not sure it will overcome them . 
  infrastructure is piss-poor , the country is heavily rural ( 47 % i think ) and most of the people are socially conservative and resistant to change ( however , the urban middle class is not , it is more progressive than in . hu ) . 
  there is a lot of resistance though and there is a constant battle . 
  off-topic : budpest  bucharest in most senses and will remain so in the foreseeable future . 
  quality of life is better in western romania than it is in eastern hungary but eastern romania is on another level completely ( mostly because of piss-poor policies for that area ) . 
  greetings from nagyvarad !, 
  i was just discussing with someone yesterday the mnb scandal ... it is so big , unprecedented in size and arrogance , it 's mindblowing . 
  but i sense resignation in the public 's eye more than ever . 
  it is absolutely the worst government hungary had and they rigged the system in their favour and at best a few hundred people will protest it in budapest . 
  i am sad . 
  it was a realization that hungary 's spirit dies inside . 
  [ 7 % ] ( http://www.stiripesurse.ro/sondaj-in-sectorul-1-care-e-diferen-a-dintre-pnl-i-psd-i-cine-ofera-surpriza-document_992201.html ) though i am unsure how reliable that is . 
  not many polls were conducted since not all candidates were known until very lately . 
  infrastructure can be very bad - horrible even . 
  we made once the unwise decision to cross the border at halmeu . 
  from there until berehove we made one and half hours although there were only 40 km . 
  the car was very sorry ( however from mukachevo to lviv it was quite good ) . 
  cities are more vibrant in ukraine in a way and i love their atmosphere but this may have to do with the lack of sizeable cities in romania ( cluj in ro has only 330k population while lviv for example has over 700k and it is only the 7th largest city there ) . 
  human rights is a bigger issue there and i know these because i stayed there at a human rights activist . 
  as very bad as romania is in terms of lgbt rights , ukraine is so so much worse . 
  and romania is one ( if not the ) worst countries in the eu in that regards . 
  kiev is a much more hipster city than bucharest is and in my very personal experience food is better in kyiv overall . 
  urbanistically ukrainian cities are more monumental , very high-rise brutalist flats everywhere . 
  upkeep is even worse although lviv , ivano-frankivsk and to a certain extent chernivtsi are ok . public transportation is very bad , i did not dare to use buses in most cities . 
  in kyiv i had to use the metro and it is very overcrowded ( infrastructure is very bad in kyiv as well ) . 
  very anecdotal but i have been four times in taxis there ( all the times in kiev ) and the drivers listened to great music all the times !, 
  it has to be said that the taxis did not have taxi signs and my friend called a number and they told what type/colour car to expect in x minutes . 
  it was sorta illegal i guess . 
  did not have to do with it personally but hospitals are generally even worse and just as corrupt . 
  my friends ' dad had to have surgery but at the same time he was drafted ( he was a reserve ) . 
  in order to have his surgery and get a paper that he is unable to join the military actively he had to bribe 800 euros . 
  i think he negotiated this sum afterwards . 
  his salary in euros was 70 !, 
  per month . 
  he needed some pills after the surgery and it would have cost him 180 euro . 
  i bought them from romania for 140 lei ( that 's about 34 euro ? ) . 
  ukrainian sweets  hungarian sweets  romanian sweets ( what you find generally in a shop ) . 
  1/3 or a bit less is the case in romania . 
  while i am not an expert on ukraine , but traveled there a lot and love that country . 
  it should be way higher than 1/3 . 
  for what it 's worth , i know an aussie who moved to leipzig because it is the new hip place , but this is very anecdotal, 
  and i said that because of the higher consumption , the trade deficit grows larger . 
  does n't have to do with the gdp . 
  the issue is that it is based mainly on consumption that is due to the lower taxes . 
  consumption of mainly imported products so the trade deficit goes way up . 
  on another hand , it is possible that this year the deficit of the budget will be over 3 % , but it is very possible to hit that mark next year . 
  all in all , the growth is relatively good but it is not done on the most solid ground . 
  kinda proves my point , no ? 
  banat-transilvania is the most favorable as it is shown in your graph as well . 
  yes , the differences are not that dramatic , but they certainly exist . 
  oh , the case of the deva castle is bad , i agree . 
  it is not the case with the oradea fortress where its history is highlighted although its recent history is highlighted a bit more than its importance in an exhibition . 
  case by case . 
  in regards to szekely symbols , well , that is a long discussion and i have diverging opinions ( do n't get me started on the relevancy of the alphabet that is displayed in every second town of hungary i enter ) . 
  and the szekely flag is quite a new , artificial and heavily politicized concept as well but i will not dwell in that discussion further . 
  that is part of the thing as well . 
  on the other hand the way anti-corruption charges against rmdsz/udmr politicians is reported on is biased as the source of the information is rmdsz politicians themselves who love to victimize themselves ( [ see here ] ( http://www.maszol.ro/index.php/belfold/60357-az-rmdsz-kiall-antal-arpad-polgarmester-mellett ) - btw he is corrupt as fuck , even some friends from my local rmdsz know this and talk openly about this in private ) . 
  another article with him [ here ] ( http://www.rmdsz.ro/sajtoszoba/hir/antal-elszabadul-a-magyarellenes-pokol-ha-december-9-e-utan-nem-eros-a-magyar-kepviselet ) then there are the cringey conspiracy theorists like [ this one ] ( http://www.titkolthirek.hu/magyarellenes-apartheid-romaniaban-osszefoglalo/ ) but you can find lunatics like that in ro as well and they are the minority overall in both cases . 
  two balanced reports are [ here ] ( http://vs.hu/kozelet/osszes/meghogy-harc-a-korrupcio-ellen-akkor-nezze-meg-mi-megy-odaat-0330#!s0 ) and [ here ] ( http://www.origo.hu/nagyvilag/20150129-mi-allhat-a-romaniai-magyarok-elitelese-mogott.html ) sorry , all links in hungarian . 
  i intended the second part of this post not in reply to you ( hello my fellow oradea redditor ) but to hungarian redditors . 
  i would just like to add on the romanian leadership is n't particularly nice to the hungarian community . 
  before doing that , i would add that i hold double citizenship and lived both in budapest and romania ( oradea or nagyvarad ) and of course i am fluent in both languages and read the press in both countries . 
  while i agree there are some politicians who are hungarophobic ( ex-minister of defence in ro and an extremist diaconu etc ) it is nowhere near as bad as it is portrayed in the hungarian ( right-wing ) media ( but sometimes even index or origo exaggerates it ) . 
  what really makes me get nervous is the way anti-corruption is portrayed in romania . 
  when there is reporting about the ex-pm being jailed on corruption charges it is mainly portrayed normally ... that romania is a very corrupt country etc etc. 
  when a udmr/rmdsz politician is being charged it is an attack on the hungarian minority hurr-durr ... and then i get a headache . 
  ( fyi , the rmdsz is very corrupt and the people who were charged were long due to be imprisoned ) . 
  for romanians i would like to add that while udmr is very corrupt , it is there where i found most nice politicians as well and percentage-wise it may be the party where the most not-corrupt politicians are , especially at local levels . 
  but the leadership is rotten . 
  anti-hungarian sentiment lies in the areas where there is no hungarian minority ( especially southern romania ) and it is stupid and not a lot is done to combat it by education etc. 
  history is quite one-sided in both countries ( romania has lots of shit about mihai viteazul and the dacs but then hungarian history books have a wild imagination as well - ca n't single out now things as i only once read a history book in hungary but my general impression was not good . 
  overall in transylvania things are ok . you will get the occasional romanian extremist as you will get the occasional hungarian extremist as well . 
  but overall lots of mixed families and lots of communities living in harmony . 
  i 'm saddened to hear this . 
  she was one of my favorite architects !, 
  she will be missed, 
  there are but many prefer to circlejerk about how us is the land of gun , violence and trump . 
  anybody who researched a bit about the us knows its many advantages . 
  i considered moving there and starting my business there as it is much easier and even people are much more open than here . 
  objectively i think i would really dislike the car-centric culture only ( though i know big cities are not very car-centric either ), 
  go to barcelona or go to bologna , firenze , ligurian coast . 
  go see salzburg , bavaria and even the neuschwanstein castle than go on the romantic road in germany . 
  go to prague , budapest or the adriatic coast in croatia . 
  go to lyon , strasbourg , biarritz , san sebastian ( current european cultural capital with wroclaw ) and you will have a wonderful time . 
  hell , i considered buying a ticket to belgium just yesterday and believe me , i love safe places ( ghent and brugge are amazing , brussels anyway is not ), 
  are you sure about that information in the first place ? 
  a muslim having security passes for a nuclear plant . 
  did you check his identity and found out he is a muslim ? 
  ( not even islamist , that would have been ok to say ) . 
  secondly , security measures can be updated if there is a danger , passes can be updated too .
