  that was the vague conversation i remembered . 
  yes , you are right . 
  i remembered now a guy from paris chatting with my friend and it seemed natural to only seek marrying an armenian . 
  charles aznavour is very well respected in armenia and he gives a concert there every year . 
  serj tankian is also not disconnected . 
  since i do not see anyone else answering here i am . 
  i am from romania but one of my best friends lives in yerevan and i visited the country ( well , mostly yerevan + garni and geghard ) last year . 
  as a tourist it was a lovely place with lovely people and if there would be better connections i would go there more often . 
  in terms of day to day lives , it resembles a lot romania in the 90 's but more nationalistic . 
  and i understand that nationalism given its geopolitical location ( permanent conflict with azerbaijan and bad relations with turkey ) . 
  the country is very militarized and people take that stuff seriously . 
  generally it is a poor country but especially in the capital i found very very intelligent people ( but that may have to do with the circle i hanged out with ) . 
  on the other hand most of the society is extremely misogynistic ( but that is the case in the caucasus in general ) and people are more conservative . 
  i would not like to be a woman in armenia as there is a lot of pressure to get married fast . 
  kim kardashian is not a good representation of armenians  russian propaganda is part of daily lives , you could hear some people regurgitating russian propaganda about the gay europe etc. 
  russia is an ally of the government ( for lack of another ally in that very bad location ) but russia is not really loved among the youth . 
  however , armenia has bigger issues than to revolt on that aspect . 
  the armenian diaspora is huge but at least for me ( and please anyone , correct me if i am wrong ) it felt to me that they are a bit more disconnected than for example jewish diaspora . 
  armenians in the diaspora speak a different language etc. 
  corruption is a huge issues although in recent years it got better at least on the small scale ( police bribing etc ) . 
  the food ... is amazing . 
  i still salivate thinking about it . 
  because the salaries are low , people need to find activities that cost nothing for their day to day lives . 
  chess is played on another level there . 
  you will definitely find people of all ages playing chess in front of the flats and you will find more people talking about books and philosophy in pubs than in any other european country . 
  in that sense i loved armenia , it was pure and idealistic . 
  i saw some armenians on / r/europe , hopefully they will come as well . 
  i would n't say dictator ( or how some people call him in hungary a viktator ) . 
  for that matter , not even erdogan is . 
  he is the least to my liking but as of now he is not in the same league as lukashenko for example . 
  i want politicians to have drive and desire as their main objective as well . 
  but the example above was the very real one of romania 's ministry of finance who has a salary of 1,100 euro net a month !, 
  good experts in that field get 10,000 euro in romania as well and for a person it is very hard to adjust from that amount to 1,100 in a position that is not permanent ( governments change ) . 
  that is the curse of low-wages in public administration . 
  you ca n't go to the sea anymore ( southern spain would be fine though still ) and the mountains can get cold but it wo n't be under 0 degrees . 
  in the cities in the middle of october it would be between 12 and 16 degrees celsius . 
  if you consider romania i can give you lots of advice . 
  but in my opinion city-wise romania lacks a lot . 
  in that sense in the region krakow or budapest are much better . 
  but in terms of nature only slovenia and croatia can compete . 
  pm me if you need any advice regarding romania or budapest . 
  i also loved lviv when i was there and ukraine is quite lovely but maybe another time ( but if you include krakow in your trip , lviv is worth a shot as well ) . 
  that is if you do n't want the traditional route that tourists go to . 
  gdansk in poland is nice as well as i heard but i have n't been there yet and unfortunately it is a bit isolated on the map . 
  what is nice about romania is that it is still wild a bit with good and bad things . 
  not many rules to abide . 
  for example you can [ install your tent on the beach in vama veche ] ( http://www.wanderingearl.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/vama-veche.jpg ) and i never had issues with installing my tent in other areas either . 
  but if you would go to real remote places you would have a harder time to get yourself understood . 
  [ retezat national park ] ( http://www.wonderfulromania.ro/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/retezat.jpg ) is worth a look as well . 
  so are the caves in apuseni mountains and the salt mines ( i personally prefer the romanian ones to wieliczka near krakow ), 
  depends if time is a factor as well . 
  i would avoid places like venice , munich during oktoberfest and even paris ( although it did not seem that bad as others might tell you ) berlin is a great city but do n't expect anything that you saw in photos in small german towns . 
  budapest is another great option and if you want to spend more time in europe , your money will last a lot longer here . 
  in terms of nature , depends if you like mountains and trekking or the seaside . 
  if you take a ryanair you can go to spain and portugal easily . 
  caminito del rey in southern spain is something unique and not overly touristy ( and it was recently restored ) . 
  spain is quite cheap as well and as a city you could visit there barcelona as well . 
  i personally enjoy valencia as well but that is a personal opinion . 
  however if you are south your best bet will be a low cost plane as distances are quite high . 
  of course mountains in switzerland and france are great but so are prices . 
  for great mountains check out asturias ( or even andalusia if you are there ) , slovenia or romania . 
  if you do n't have much time and you can spend your money faster , northern italy and lago di garda is nice . 
  if there is a very well paying job on the coast or in colorado , i might consider it . 
  but not too keen on it . 
  visiting it on the other hand is another topic.yes , i want to explore the usa and spend lots of time trekking the gorgeous places there, 
  other than that , i find it surprisingly cheap in switzerland . 
  [ saw this a few weeks ago here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dpsfcn2.png ), 
  while berlin is my favourite city , in the past four months of travelling , i never saw any people so inflexible as the germans !, 
  my last memory of the border between cambodia and vietnam is a girl from munich complaining about how the border looks and how she does not trust anybody etc etc. 
  i have very much sympathy and very much respect for lots of germans but i think this goes hand in hand with what you wrote about negativity and lecturing . 
  whenever i heard someone complain about how they are slow to serve you in this restaurant in the middle of nowhere in rural laos , yes , german !, 
  well , let me see : - the existence of romanian rednecks and generally a lack of education in a larger percentage of the population than in western countries - the power of the church as an institution and how `` big '' religion still is - feminism is considered an insult word ; - romas are very easily and cheerfully segregated . 
  generally racism is very well accepted in all mediums or at least tolerated . 
  regarding hungary where i lived in the past three years : - racism again , on another level . 
  add to that xenophobia . 
  - a sense of national pride in a large sub-group of people . 
  and i do n't refer here to a mild sense of pride that makes you want to achieve more and that makes you competitive and more mannered . 
  quite the opposite . 
  despite this , i still prefer central and eastern europe towards the west . 
  life is not that rigid , it is less robotic and not so much focused on the material . 
  certainly a better outcome than ponta but as others have noted as well , he has n't been tested . 
  he was too soft on some issues that i think would have needed the president to step in , the person who he nominated as the director of the sri ( one of the secret services ) is weak and i can tell this because i know him personally very well . 
  i do not like some of the appointments he made . 
  in terms of justice he condemned twice the system for being too visible and asked the judges to refrain from giving information to the press . 
  i would agree with that stance generally but in romania judges resorted to this to have less pressure . 
  i am 100 % convinced that some high profile cases of corruption would n't have been solved if the press would n't have put pressure as well . 
  but i would give him more time . 
  i like his wife and her role she takes as a first lady , i like his sober tone otherwise . 
  add there that chocolate !, 
  yummy yummy chocolate !, 
  some cities like oradea for example ( in a large proportion ) and i am sure there are others as well . 
  wow , i did not know poland is in the same situation !, 
  although it should be logical ; when i chatted with a few intelligent polish girls with careers , i was shocked how anti-abortion they were !, 
  while not religious per se , but the catholic dogma really imprinted itself on the mind of some ( rather intelligent ) people . 
  in romania they did not really end it yet . 
  it is just a step in the right direction making it opt-in . 
  now , will there be pressure from schools to sign up ? 
  all these teachers who present dogmas are paid by public money still . 
  and i do n't see that change in a few years, 
  well , ozd is quite depressing but i invite you to a trip to [ vaslui ] ( http://ymtram.mashke.org/romania/vaslui/photos/vaslui21090.jpg ) ( a city bigger than salgotarjan , another one of my favourite hungarian cities ) .
