  i do n't want any other governments to feel encouraged to step in the foot of hungary ( looking at romania in particular ) and a stronger opposition from the eu is needed like a breath of fresh air . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  on the other hand i think a minority would take this seriously . 
  i love the pyramid of the louvre is in this pic , 
  same with the portuguese one . 
  strasbourg being a grey city ? 
  no way , it is a little jewel , full of colorful flowers ( or at least that is the image i have left from petite france when i visited it over 10 years ago ) . 
  based on what metrics ? 
  i wanted to subscribe to t_d and bet people there but then i realized they would n't follow through, 
  unfortunately that is not right . 
  fidesz has the least support among the elders ( who still vote socialist , but right now mszp and fidesz are 50/50 in that age group ) . 
  young urban voters ? 
  yes , you are right . 
  mostly ... although abstention is very high among young ( but that is a worldwide trend , not just a hungarian one ) . 
  but young rural voters ? 
  ok , let 's not make it urban/rural but young people with degrees vs young people without degrees . 
  among young people with degrees fidesz was third in a poll last year ( besides jobbik though ) . 
  just checked , it was a poll from 2015 made by aktiv fiatalok , a student and professor 's group from elte and corvinus , two of the largest unis . 
  it is exported to other places though . 
  at least in romania , a similar prison was built in the danube delta with norwegian funds ( 500,000 euro ) . 
  http://adevarul.ro/news/societate/video-inchisoarea-minima-securitate-delta-dunarii-locul-detinutii-aproape-liberi-1_57f2a6085ab6550cb83b7941/index.html#photo-head at the bottom of the article there are a few pics as well . 
  not sure how successful it is or if they are planning to extend the program ( i wish they do ) . 
  not in the big cities . 
  she did not perform well in lyon , toulouse or bordeaux . 
  but in the countryside next to it she did . 
  look at lyon for example : http://elections.interieur.gouv.fr/presidentielle-2017/084/069/069123.html she was 5th . 
  in strasbourg she was 4th with 12 % http://elections.interieur.gouv.fr/presidentielle-2017/044/067/067482.html but in the region ( bas-rhin ) she placed 1st . 
  with the exception of a few cities , she performed badly there . 
  i guess melenchon will overtake fillon as paris and its surroundings is left to count . 
  not that it matters much , but the two big traditional parties placing 4th and 5th would be something no one would have predicted a few years ago . 
  relevant username !, 
  the gap will just widen in macron 's favor from now on, 
  with 76 % counted , macron took over the lead http://elections.interieur.gouv.fr/presidentielle-2017/fe.html, 
  yes , that happens 100 % but unfortunately it is not limited to t_d . 
  just took a quick look at the comments and at least in their live thread , i would say most ca n't be bots . 
  commenting on the live stream is not possible for example . 
  but on some other threads , there are many very low effort comments that can be made by bots . 
  hmm , interesting actually . 
  judging by some user 's vocabulary ( very limited ) it might be true . 
  with some , surely not . 
  but it is a good point . 
  the_donald ... please take a look there . 
  i ca n't get enough of their tears, 
  yes , she will !, 
  in the villages !, 
  i wandered to t_d and i still ca n't decide ... are they still that deluded or are they trolls mostly ? 
  it means that small rural places were already counted while the big ones ( paris in particular ) is not . 
  i think the one where le pen is at 23.8 is repubblica . 
  but take a closer look and hover over paris ( parigi ) and you will see 0 votes counted . 
  look around paris and you will see 18 % and 33 % . 
  edit : also , scroll down and you will see le pen with 5.829.473 and think that around 35 million people voted today . 
  as people can hate the ( in this case populist ) right because soros funds them ? 
  the link is on . cat and sometimes studies are biased . 
  i 've read the article ( incredible how much written catalan i understand ) , and even there it says `` despr\u00e9s d\u2019un per\u00edode de transici\u00f3 '' which i guess means `` after a period of transition '' . 
  do you think the eu would want to hold one of the most important agencies in a country that is not in the eu ( period of transition means that ) . 
  plus the study was made by the institut d'estudis de l'autogovern ( iea ) and i would pretty much say that is biased . 
  7 million eu citizens will lose eu citizenship ? 
  in two years , over 60 million will lose it when the uk is finally out and 48 % of their citizens did not want that . 
  i truly believe there is a case of `` wishful thinking '' here . 
  and i repeat , i do not have anything personal against catalonia , in fact i love it , but there are other obstacles if spain would not be one . 
  i can see a point that it would be in everyone 's interest for catalonia to be eu member ( even spain as it is its link to europe ) but that is just not sure . 
  and if there will be two cities with equal qualities to host the ema and barcelona will be one , because of the uncertainties and the potential headache , the other one will be chosen . 
  all this being said , barcelona would be a good choice to host ema . 
  they might not veto catalonia ( although you ca n't bet 100 % on that ) but catalonia would be out of the eu and would need accession talks and then it would need to close chapters . 
  it would n't be instant . 
  then ema would be out of the eu again ? 
  i do n't think anyone wants to risk that . 
  and spain might not veto it but other countries who have potential issues with secession movements might do it too ( although less chance ) . 
  i love barcelona , i love catalonia , i love spain too . 
  i am not biased . 
  i am not a law student but i have many acquaintances who know things by first hand experience and they said 100 % catalonia or scotland would leave the eu if they secede . 
  without any doubt . 
  and i think this might be the biggest obstacle for barcelona 's chances to host ema . 
  i called out somebody who was attacking refugees and dortmund 's stand on the refugee crisis ( very pro with banners ) . 
  i really called him out and now i feel so vindicated . 
  it did not seem like an isis attack , it was just ... off . 
  even the letter . 
  the bomb outside , on the way of the bus ... it felt very premeditated . 
  [ this video promoting pula ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tw7gd9j7l4 ) always makes me smile though , especially the first guy who * spritzen * up the water screaming pulaaa, 
  birthplace of the tie !, 
  i am not sure if it is in other languages as well but in romanian tie is called cravata . 
  i think it is similar in french as well . 
  the process did not start this year but it is gradual . 
  some are trying their luck while trump accommodates in the office , with erdogan you could see his intentions years ago , if not years ago , then right after the coup . 
  who is to follow ? 
  i really hope it wo n't be italy as that would be really hard to swallow . 
  romania too might follow suit in a lighter form but the large protests this year slowed the process down . 
  france has little chance to do so but it would be devastating . 
  oh , and you forgot good ole kaczynski from your post . 
  i do n't know what is with this map but the final results in romania was 55.4 % for no . 
  but only 1800 and something votes were cast here so not many turkish citizens here . 
  initially i wanted to reply to another comment here but it got deleted meanwhile . 
  anyway , this is what i wrote : absolutely agree . 
  yesterday i 've read an article about [ potential short term benefits of a yes vote ] ( http://globalriskinsights.com/2017/03/potential-benefits-proposed-changes-turkeys-constitution/ ) it is a good article but long term they effed this massively . 
  potentially even short term . 
  i feel for the sane turkish people who are many , who now will have to live in an ever-deteriorating country . 
  there are millions of sane turkish citizens who voted no and who will be affected . 
  i wish all of you the best !, 
  [ according to bbc 50 % is counted and 58 % voted yes . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39612562 ) this saddens me .
