  i do n't think it will escalate though . 
  on the other hand there were last year shootings at the border and some people died as a consequence . 
  the law is out for quite some time now and there is no such thing . 
  other than a job in hungary for 12 months there is nothing else needed ... oh , three kids ... but that 's it, 
  the law applies to any eu citizens if they have three children and move to hungary and stay in the new house/apartment for 10 years i think  eu citizens ca n't be discriminated . 
  i personally do n't like london as i said as it is too competitive , too noisy and too expensive but you might want to give it a try . 
  southern england is a nice choice though but it all depends on the job you want . 
  malta is another place although it is a bit crowded and not that interesting after a while but it has good , healthy food , sun , sea and overall a good life . 
  try to find jobs in tourism , maybe they need someone who speaks russian . 
  i liked chernivtsi , definitely a lot more than i did suceava . 
  my best friend is from chernivtsi ( although she now lives in kyiv ) . 
  overall , i would look directly at job portals everywhere in europe and just post my cv . 
  would look for keywords like russian too ( and maybe ukrainian language jobs are available as well ) . 
  not sure if you considered israel but it seems quite easy to find a job there and in eilat for example it would n't be hard for you to get one as i heard both russian and ukrainian spoken there . 
  people there are very welcoming and helpful - at least so it seemed to me . 
  if you want something else than european culture , that is a good bet ( be prepared that it is expensive though ) . 
  language is a big factor so judging by the fact that you speak english the obvious answer would be uk or ireland . 
  if you have it skills and hate british weather , gibraltar is also an option , although i would not recommend . 
  how important is food for you ? 
  and weather ? 
  if both are important , i would try to find a place in the south although job-wise it is a lot harder . 
  berlin and budapest both have great cultural life where you ca n't get bored , in berlin you can find jobs , budapest is cheap ( even for kiev standards - except transportation , that 's uber cheap in kyiv ) . 
  poland might be a choice as well because of the linguistics but you know that better . 
  but all other things depend on you personally . 
  if you are into programming romania and budapest are really good options too , as even if wages are lower , at the end of the day you would spend way less for rent and other costs and the quality of living would be just as good as in a bigger metropolis . 
  if you tell me what your favourite ukrainian city is i could give better advice . 
  do you love kyiv ? 
  or do you prefer lviv ? 
  maybe chernivtsi or ivano frankivsk ? 
  or are you nuts and prefer dniepropetrovsk ? 
  tell me your favourite ukrainian city and why it is that one and i might know more about you and give broader ideas . 
  nah , that is simply like that and coming from someone who worked with romani . 
  lots of them speak only romanian or only hungarian ( western romania ) with no romani . 
  it is just the way things are . 
  i have been to cuba this november and talked to natives openly after many mojitos ... 
  the country is rotten by corruption ... you need to know people to get a taxi license ( which is very profitable ) , you need to know people to be a waiter ( tips get you in a day the average salary of a cuban in a month etc ) . 
  there is a black market even for internet cards ( it costs 2 usd for one hour of restricted wifi but telecom ( state ) workers wo n't hand it out to anybody but to their family who will sell them illegally on the street for 3 usd - all this in a country where the avg salary is 20 usd a month ) . 
  surprisingly there is no much corruption in handling out casa particular licenses , there are only two-three bribes they said ( compared to a lot more when trying to get out of the country legally ) on the other hand there is no such thing as bribing doctors , they were quite surprised to have asked about that . 
  overall , while corruption in hospitals exist in romania and in cuba they do n't , objectively i would say that cuba is significantly more corrupt , although corruption is not the country 's biggest issue . 
  i have n't been to ghana but out of western african countries i heard it performs better . 
  plenty of them integrate just fine . 
  yesterday my stewardess on a ryanair flight was a roma who spoke english with me , hungarian natively and spoke german to a german . 
  she was all smiles and professional and other than her darker skin colour and beautiful black eyes , one could n't tell she is a roma . 
  there are plenty who do not integrate though and they are very visible while the ones who integrate are invisible especially for untrained eyes . 
  i have much respect for all romas who integrate as i know from some of them how hard it really is for them ... they are ostracized by members of their community for being different and they are discriminated often by the majority population because of their origins and plenty have a hard time getting accepted renting an apartment or getting a job . 
  have n't been yet before but indeed the security can be a pain in the ass . 
  they will check and re-check and ask the same questions all over again from what my friend told me ( but in the end you pass ), 
  personally i was never keen on going to northern africa and still i am not so that did not change . 
  turkey - unless the situation gets even worse , i will not go . 
  i 've been to istanbul , felt safe and will visit again . 
  greece - will visit this year . 
  my opinions were n't changed , i guide myself from statistics and in that sense the chance for me to be a victim of an attack are slim . 
  by the way , in 16 hours i leave to israel ... that is a safe country . 
  but sentiments are not rational everywhere and i think turkey will get fucked because of russian tourists and some people who will choose greece instead of turkey from now on . 
  i think tourism will rise in greece , bulgaria , croatia , montenegro and hungary in the next two years and it will be worse for turkey and the north african countries . 
  economically it will affect turkey but they will weather it but i am not sure how egypt or tunisia will survive with less tourist cash . 
  your description of a third world country is spot on !, 
  while i will refrain to comment specifically about your other point , i am also saddened that this subreddit turned so drastically different . 
  it is so hard to hold moderate views in this situation . 
  i have concerns about the refugee crisis and i consider some policies to be mistaken but the narrative became so circlejerky , focused on doomsday scenarios that i do not find my place here anymore . 
  yes , cluj is there as well . 
  i do n't like how the city looks , but life is vibrant , good bars , good restaurants and lots of events all the time . 
  yet , for a middle aged tourist that wants to go on a city break for sightseeing , cluj would be a bad choice . 
  instead of timisoara i would add brasov or oradea . 
  the nationalization of the pension funds ... yes , there were international newspapers reporting in a bad light about it ... there is no conspiracy against poland ... a bad step is a bad step no matter which government takes it . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2013-09-06/poland-confiscates-half-private-pension-funds-cut-sovereign-debt-load ) or [ here ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ddeb5bc-6293-11e3-bba5-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3vv4zdd6k ), 
  i phrased it badly , what i tried to ask is how would that be possible to enforce practically . 
  following viktor orban 's steps . 
  orban is the hungarian pm and during his time some anti-democratic steps were taken like controlling state media , nationalizing pension funds , appointing a political governor of the national bank of hungary etc. 
  the pis seems to really enjoy this type of doing politics and follow in his footsteps . 
  and how would that clearly conditional thing go exactly ? 
  i predict the same about ukraine and russia . 
  refugee crisis will continue and even more tensions will exist between member states . 
  poland will continue its orbanesque way , thus the divide between the eu core and the newer member states will deepen . 
  economically , there will be a slow growth , more accentuated in the eastern member states . 
  euro will reach parity with the dollar . 
  out of the countries you mentioned i would look into netherlands or france ( but france is quite centralized so most jobs would be around paris in your field ) . 
  both of these options have shitty weather ( it rains a lot if you mind that ) . 
  other than that it will be hard to find a job with english only ( do you speak french as well ? ) . 
  basically it boils down to the netherlands but even there it will not be easy . 
  maybe look for dublin too ? 
  no language issue , decent beer and cheap connections everywhere through ryanair . 
  but then it is an island and a quite rainy one as well . 
  other than that they speak english in malta , great climate but not many jobs and again ... it is an island . 
  i do not know how if your sectors are more active in europe than in canada , i would have said the opposite but i am not in that field . 
  do you speak any other language ? 
  do you prefer big cities or smaller ones ? 
  also , it is 2:28 am cet here ( 3:28 in eastern europe ) so take that into account . 
  most likely you will get less answers at this hour, 
  my grandfather used to tell me the same . 
  my grandma had to cut her hair and run to the woods while the soviets were in the village . 
  with nazi germans it was different , they were more well mannered and as my grandfather recalled they personally asked him permission to take water with them from his fountain ... these personal anecdotes were all over the place . 
  love the laid back atmosphere , the people ( yes , they complain sometimes a lot and spain is the shittiest place in their opinion yada yada ) but other than that they are great and quite open , at least for european standards . 
  weather is nice , wine is good and the food in my opinion is the most underrated european cuisine . 
  i still think of moving there although i 've only been to vacation there before . 
  quite affordable too ( well , not bilbao or barcelona or san sebastian ) . 
  what is there not to love about spain ? 
  politics ? 
  yeah , but tell me a place where that is smooth ... people ? 
  it might be insular in quite a few communities but overall it is great .
