  romania is no different . 
  just four years ago a party called pp-dd got more than 10 % of the votes with the most ridiculous populist messages in romania . 
  but i feel there is a particular thing to hungary . 
  when i moved here i did not see but now i actually feel it is the most pessimist country . 
  that puts a toll on things . 
  people do n't believe things will ever work . 
  in 2012 when i was asked by friends about jobbik i said they will never pass a certain threshold with their stupid message . 
  there is always a certain % of the population that eats stupid messages without digesting it ( in any country ) . 
  now i see that i was wrong . 
  i live in budapest right now but soon moving back to transylvania . 
  i do n't want to support fidesz with my spending too much ( 27 % vat ) . 
  if you want help , pm me ( hungarian is fine as well ), 
  gdp is not the accurate way to measure that though . 
  in terms of salaries and purchasing power it is a lot lower than berlin and a bit lower than budapest . 
  but what would have odessa have to do with romania ? 
  i would say that the food is the one that dissapointed me most there . 
  sisig ( the skin of a pork 's head cooked ) is something delicious though if done well . 
  but in that regards i find lao food or thai food a lot better . 
  however , everything else , the warmth of the people is great . 
  el nido especially is heaven ( so is port barton ), 
  ukraine . 
  been there three times already in three different parts ( chernivtsi , ternopil and lviv ) and it always amazed me . 
  the chocolate is comparable with the belgian one !, 
  outside of europe i would say the philippines , there are the most welcoming people you can find . 
  things are simple though . 
  a right wing party with a xenophobic message that was recently formed is the second biggest party in hungary and the ruling party that has 2/3 ( although it only got 44 % of the votes ) rules the country in a semi-autocratic way . 
  corruption is high and a party that originally marched on victimization and racist messages would be trusted by more and more people . 
  jobbik might have toned down and i am stunned that more people buy into that . 
  from an outside perspective things do look black and white . 
  corruption is not an issue that is reserved for hungary , nor the inclusion of the roma minority nor is the poverty . 
  and incompetent governments either . 
  but no other party among the new extreme ones has gained so much support as jobbik . 
  ehh , gdp quarters are not arithmetical . 
  usually the first quarter accounts for about 20 % of the annual gdp and q4 accounts for about 30 % ( more spending at the end of a year ) but it is nonetheless good sign . 
  this is some great news for europe as a whole . 
  italian economy did not do well enough for the past 20 years and while this growth might be a small one and temporary , i hope it will rebuild confidence in the italy . 
  it is not the case to extrapolate too much on my limited personal experience but i will chime in as a double citizen from romania currently living in budapest . 
  all the romanians i know ( and i admit it is not representative for the average romanian but for the urban middle class ) has a much colder attitude towards hungary than a few years before . 
  the rise of jobbik , orban 's stupid discourses , the visit of some jobbik supporters to romania and in another note the corruption of rmdsz is the reason hungary has a bad reputation . 
  putin 's visit to budapest has not helped either . 
  so while it has nothing to do in the perception of average baciu ioane 's perspective , believe me , it is the main factor among the educated people . 
  just in 2006 i knew a girl originally from moldova , then living in bucharest who voted for the senate with udmr ( rmdsz ) because she considered that person to be the most capable . 
  when i met her now in brussels she was very worried about hungary 's future and sees it in a bad light . 
  i agree, 
  i would like to add that corruption was ( and still is ) an issue for the outer borders . 
  just a few years ago over 60 border control guards were arrested at siret ( ukr-rom border ) . 
  still , as of now the romanian border is just as well protected as the hungarian one or the slovenian one . 
  but corruption was and is lively at the customs ( but that is true for all eastern countries more or less ), 
  there are no restrictions in work and travel is easy as well but there is border crossing involved . 
  trucks spend some time at the border though so the export ( and import ) business is the most hurt one because of not being part of the schengen zone, 
  yes , because going to court with classified data would work out just great . 
  i honestly do n't like some people in lmp . 
  i do n't like their non-involvement in politics and i do n't like they shunning politicians . 
  i think that unfortunately gyurcsany is still the best debater , too bad he will never be trusted again by a vast majority of the population . 
  the problem with forming a new party is that the electoral system that orban put in place does not favor small parties . 
  and unity in opposition will either be disastrous again or not happen . 
  it is a pity that mszp ca n't clean its act up and that the opposition is so fragmented . 
  i still am an optimist and i think that jobbik will not get to power . 
  however if that would happen , i know at least 10 people in my small circle who will pack their things and leave budapest with all their capital . 
  i would like to see some reform in fidesz , personally i like pokorni but with orban in power , any opposition is hard . 
  however there might be some cracks and i stay positive . 
  i believe any party that would have got 2/3 majority would have been bad . 
  having 2/3 of the power is dangerous in any country , even more so in a newer democracy . 
  having said that , i believe that mszp was better . 
  big economic fuckups , some corruption ( ca n't compete here , fidesz is corrupted at its core as well with orban , lazar , rogan , papcsak etc ) but at least mszp did not have this dangerous and irresponsible rhetoric and the denounce of the crumbling west . 
  also , the social progress that could be seen in the 2000 's stopped . 
  hungary became even more conservative and less tolerant . 
  i still live in budapest and i love the atmosphere here but soon i will head back to romania , at least things change there . 
  oh , it was an online poll made by an online news portal ... right . 
  i was curious about this and clicked the article . 
  well , that 53 % value ... is just pointless . 
  i guess romanian public still favors euro however i do not have any recent polls to back this up . 
  i have n't got this one yet , but judging by other national consultations done by the viktator , it does n't look so . 
  there were many reforms done in georgia lately but it is still very far from joining eu . 
  i loved the eu flags everywhere , it was definitely great to see the eu flag on the parliament building especially compared to the hungarian parliament that features no eu flag ( i flew budapest-batumi ) . 
  but i think corruption is still a huge issue and that can be a problem of national security as well . 
  i would love to see georgia as part of the eu but it will not be an easy process . 
  lots of work needs to be done, 
  gdp is a good measure but often it does not translate well into social progress . 
  for example , ireland has a very high gdp but in terms of quality of living it is at the eu 's average . 
  luxembourg 's gdp is also messed up because all the companies settled there . 
  also , predictions to 2020 are hard to make . 
  just think about greece . 
  yes , that growth can happen but then it is also possible for it to be no real growth at all . 
  russia can grow more exponentially as well or face harder issues and stagnate ( although i find that more unlikely ) . 
  so take this list with a grain of salt . 
  romania 's gdp will most likely surpass that of croatia by 2020 , however i think that in terms of quality of living , it will not be better ( although i have a skewed view of croatia and know little about the current problems there ) . 
  reminds me of a guy i know who went to italy and booked a room at a hotel . 
  the girl at the reception was surprised and asked him if romanians are n't black or dark coloured ? 
  this guy went on to describe that in fact romanians have black spots all over their bodies and that we look like cows . 
  he himself has a few spots but ca n't show it because they are in private areas . 
  not sure if the girl believed it or not , however some fun can be had anywhere, 
  are there restaurants in romania ? 
  followed a few seconds later by are there cars in romania ? 
  can confirm . 
  as an original food , i ate [ these amazing things ] ( http://us.123rf.com/450wm/radist/radist1302/radist130200062/17833173-zhingalov-khats-dish-it-is-a-flat-bread-with-a-variety-of-fresh-herbs-from-nagorno-karabakh.jpg ) that originate from nagorno karabakh . 
  forgot how they are called but it is a pie with seven different herbs . 
  food is fresh and has many persian influences and is very fresh . 
  i even ate the best shawarma of my life in yerevan . 
  ha , same thing i was told by a very nice guy in yerevan ( well , from his perspective of enduring ussr ) .
