  but , shock !, 
  the pass did not disappear according to credible sources . 
  and the person who was shot was a g4s guard and it occurred during a house robbery . 
  but i should shit my pants because a muslim ( do n't you know his name as well ) has security access to nuclear plants and will blow shit up . 
  thank you, 
  you want to tell me that generally the former block ( of which the czech rep is an outliner ) has net immigration ? 
  countries like poland , latvia , lithuania , estonia , slovakia , hungary , croatia , romania and bulgaria - what do you think , they have net immigration or emmigration with belgium ? 
  i would bet that even the czech republic has more immigrants to belgium than vice versa but i do not have any data to back that up and anyway it would be in smaller proportion . 
  that is a very narrow way of interpreting and reducing that post . 
  yes, 
  i am not so sure about that but we will never know . 
  personally i do not like bucharest but found people who did . 
  to each their own . 
  research well before you go anywhere and you will be great !, 
  although personally i do not fear but some rational arguments against the current policy are : - the struggle to integrate past mena immigrants in several countries ( belgium or france ) - last year most refugees or migrants were male - disproportionately so ... from what i 've read , this year the trend did not continue . 
  but a male dominant neighborhood is not good overall ... - a gay friend of mine who btw is very left wing overall despises the current influx as his friends in certain cities in western europe are more uncomfortable walking at night openly gay as they feel they are targeted . 
  now , this friend of mine lives in romania and it is not like he will lose any hard fought civil liberty , but i guess this might be an issue . 
  i agree with you we should not let fear decide who we vote for . 
  but there are issues and we should find solutions and not let populists come up with their solutions as that was never a good idea in the past and it will not be in the future either . 
  and no , cesky krumlov is not underrated either :p olomouc on the other hand is quite nice although i 've spent only a few hours there . 
  romania is very safe for tourists . 
  only precaution would be taxi drivers in places frequented by tourists ( railways , airports ) and taxi drivers in bucharest . 
  robberies are less of an occurrence than in paris , barcelona , london or even smaller cities like nuremberg or bologna . 
  safer than anywhere i 've visited in the uk ( maybe except snowdonia :p ) . 
  spain 's north is underrated , there are small villages in galicia that just 100 years ago were towns with 10,000 population . 
  the roman roads , aqueducts , beautiful scenery , lovely food and cider in asturias . 
  poland is a bit underrated , gdansk is a lovely city . 
  i 've been four times in ukraine and loved it all the time . 
  lviv is more original than krakow imo and kiev is interesting ( although the metro is above my comfort level of `` busy '' ) . 
  romania is underrated . 
  while i will not say it is the most superb country ever , but i think statistically it is the most underrated in europe . 
  there was a poll recently where more people were interested in the seaside in the czech republic than in romania . 
  lacks a bit in the service sector and in tidiness but otherwise there is a lot of room for discovery . 
  yes , the camino portugues . 
  but half of the people start the camino portugues from tui , spain while 30 % start it from porto ( and some other make it from lisbon or in-between ) . 
  yes , even his username says that . 
  i do n't look for a job . 
  i work from home , so a country being cheap is a must . 
  most likely me and my wife will move to valencia next year ( have been to andalucia - to malaga , torremolinos , nerja , ronda , marbella as well but liked it more up north ) . 
  but loved all the people we met there , you could start conversations easily , i love spain . 
  need to learn the language though ( not hard ), 
  as a freelancer considering to move to spain next year , that is great to hear . 
  and it was my experience as well whenever i visited . 
  i second this and i would add that ti is on the low end of international organizations i trust . 
  i have known people from ti romania , ti ukraine and ti hungary and i witnessed or heard about some sketchy work and more effort is made into pr than into compiling data . 
  the story of the [ maunsell sea forts ] ( http://maunsellseaforts.com/ ) is interesting as well . 
  they are currently decaying and it would be such a shame if they would not be saved . 
  it is probably downvoted because it was posted before , yesterday . 
  i work from home but i might not be the best subject - i am a publisher and i create travel websites . 
  i do not know which countries have the most residents that work from home but there are a few digital nomad hubs in europe . 
  they are smaller than the ones in bali , chiang mai or bangkok or even saigon i would say but they exist . 
  the biggest nomad communities are in berlin , budapest and barcelona ( per capita ) but these people working from home as location independents were mostly not born in that country . 
  not sure if that is what you are looking for , but i am accustomed with digital nomads . 
  there are no official statistics by this and the opportunities that are targeted differ . 
  while romania has a few people working from home , many do so using sites like freelancer or upwork where the pay is low and they compete mainly in price . 
  not to say that most do so , but there are certainly less germans using these sites as revenue source . 
  however , i met in germany people with their online business and on average they had more revenue which is just normal as the barrier to live is higher as well . 
  nah , the most time i invest in content . 
  shallow sites rarely rank anymore, 
  i am a publisher , i have 100 websites and i monetize them with adsense or hotel affiliates . 
  one of my websites is about giethoorn in the netherlands btw . 
  location independent worker as well and i bounce from city to city . 
  i prefer quality of life more than being cheap . 
  porto , portugal is great , typical medium size . 
  valencia is larger and almost just as cheap . 
  with both of these cities you have sunshine and sea ( ocean in porto 's case ) if that is important for you . 
  use numbeo cost of living calculator to compare cities . 
  its history i can understand , but strictly architecturally , i love that building, 
  the rockets look truly brutal from that angle . 
  your swimming pool link does not work for me, 
  maybe not the ugliest ( lost of contenders for that title here ) but this one always puzzled me in bucharest especially that it is [ the hq of the romanian architects association ] ( http://arhimania.ro/wp-content/uploads/1/cladire-piata-revolutiei-cladirea-uniunii-arhitectilor-din-romania-uar-arta-sau-kitsch-bucuresti.jpg ) ( uniunea arhitectilor ) worth to mention is [ this building ] ( http://adevarul.ro/assets/adevarul.ro/mrimage/2014/12/11/5489564f448e03c0fda74c54/646x404.jpg ) in alba iulia this [ new building in cluj ] ( http://113.imagebam.com/temporarylink/b6est5q3juvabeuwvqyu0q/1457229806/44480/444794983/bloc%20eurob.jpg ) is horrible as well but at least part of it will be covered by a new building on its side . 
  i now see i misread ... subtitles are not english but the audio is still english . 
  well , for the op , try malta , that is closer to italy anyway !, 
  in romania they are definitely subtitled and partially in hungary as well ( in cinemas , in tv 's they are not ) . 
  i do n't know about others as i have n't been to cinemas in other countries . 
  from northern italy you have many good connections to ro and at least it would be the cheapest option for travelling as well . 
  calatrava is a nice architect !, 
  what do people have with him ( other than the costs ? ), 
  i love how galicia is completely red . 
  there you can find santiago de compostela and all the pilgrim routes leading to it so it is normal , but in this map , it is more red than not, 
  tarom is full of nepotism and bad business practices and it should be privatized asap otherwise it will go into bankruptcy . 
  right now because of the low fuel prices it can still survive a bit . 
  it is run by incompetents mostly but small national carriers have no point in the current climate anyway . 
  i do n't see how many of them can survive long-term . 
  thank you for doing the work and pointing these out before any criclejerk could start !, 
  avoid very crowded areas , especially in istanbul . 
  budapest is safe but there might be pickpocketers on vaci street or at the railway station . 
  but it is a lot less of an issue than it is in paris or barcelona . 
  much less . 
  nah , the average greek is still better off than the average romanian or bulgarian . 
  in that way , i know quite a few spanish people who moved to romania but that does n't mean the situation in spain got that bad . 
  far from the case . 
  although i agree that the general outlook in greece is negative and what you said might be soon true . 
  and slovenia is still doing quite ok although just as croatia , it is not in its best period . 
  however , this is mostly off-topic to the thread discussion . 
  iceland ... 
  i want to spend one month there . 
  i have visited lots of countries in asia and central america but have never been to northern europe , scared by the cost of living . 
  but i ca n't wait to go once my finances will be able to support traveling one month in iceland ( and one month in norway ) . 
  in times of crisis , best is to resort to the military ...
