capitalism does not involve public financing ( that means using the funds provided by atheists as well ) . 
  regarding your last sentence , maybe you meant supply and demand , it has nothing to do with capitalism ( although the church is a big money laundering business , capitalism has nothing to do in this discussion ), 
  somebody please tell me this is not real . 
  please !, 
  i am not from budapest but lived there for the past three years . 
  i 've been to tbilisi in october when they opened the budapest-kutaisi flight ( you can find very cheap tickets , i went there for 20 euro ) . 
  ask me anything you want about budapest in private , i know the language and i know all the places . 
  and regarding worse traffic - right now i am in ho chi minh city ( saigon ) and it is a real challenge to cross the street at peak hours . 
  michel thomas dutch is also great ( although it is not michel thomas who guides that course ) - check it out as well in addition to duolingo . 
  budapest is great unless you want to keep up with the politics of hungary . 
  other downsides : the language ( though georgian is a lot harder for a neutral person ) , and jobs are not great . 
  traffic is not the best either but compared to tbilisi it is heaven on earth ( really , i loved georgia but tbilisi has worse traffic than many asian cities ) . 
  i do n't live there but i have been to cagliari twice and spent over a month there . 
  northern sardinia is great but cagliari is meh . 
  the beach at poetto is nice but overall the city is not that great . 
  for me it was a disappointment but i would recommend sardinia nonetheless but not for that city . 
  thank you for the suggestions . 
  i will visit setubal as well this year then and will try to squeeze in algarve as well . 
  heard conflicting reports on it but i have to experience it myself . 
  have n't been there yet so ca n't say yet i choose it but it seemed like a good idea . 
  the passive income will last most probably , although nothing is certain . 
  i looked up era.pt for real estate and lisbon is a bit expensive as is estoril . 
  coimbra seemed like a nice city with university but it is not at the sea ( we prefer the sea ) . 
  porto looks nice and is on the second place but i will be able to see if we fit there after we visit all these four places this summer . 
  plus aveiro is not that far from porto or coimbra either . 
  and we will have a child and we will prefer a smaller city . 
  and it must be cheaper than porto or lisbon . 
  but i am not decided . 
  spain is an option as well and moving back to romania is the third option too ( currently living in budapest ) . 
  i have n't been to portugal yet but aveiro seems like a nice place ( just as coimbra or porto do ) . 
  i live on passive online income so cheapness is a factor ( although i guess it is more expensive than my home country , romania ) . 
  i would really love to hear a portuguese why that would n't be a good idea . 
  a very good article that summarizes the main economic problems eu is facing . 
  point no 3 is not true . 
  while romania did not benefit per capita as much from eu funds as say hungary ( largest net benefactor per capita ) or poland , it is still a benefactor . 
  while i am pro taking refugees i want to address some things - the first part with romania not wanting to take any foreign refugee is simply not true . 
  romania is willing to take 1800 refugees ( the amount of available places in refugee centers ) . 
  - with free movement the romani people would not be able to be `` taken back '' . 
  - as you might have imagined , integrating romani people is not an easy task if a country so wealthy and with so much expertise in dealing with social issues was not able to have any breakthrough in this regard . 
  the last part with romania has decided not to take care of foreigners is again untrue as romania voluntarily offered to host 1,800 , what the political class has an issue with is that ro is not part of schengen . 
  to add to this , only 200 refugees are currently in centers , they are fleeing romania because of the lack of perspective ( although at least in timisoara i know 100 % they are treated well ) . 
  i ca n't really comprehend how this will be enforced ... people will not want to work for 200 euro a month net here and will prefer to flee the country and try to find some work abroad . 
  high work taxes maybe ( and even that is average ) . 
  16 % tax on income is not high !, 
  that 's why they do n't . 
  on the other hand 350 euro takes you further in ro than in does in de . 
  however , after spending all your money and having an idealized version of what awaits you at the final destination , i understand why they will not consider it . 
  no , not tens of thousands definitely , less than that and they did not pop up out of a sudden . 
  begging is only one ( lucrative ) business , prostitution is another one . 
  as much as i would like this not to be true , over 80 % of the sex slave rings in romania are also controlled by the roma . 
  this is one video of the pagodas https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izndesx7zqs, 
  salaries are lower , that is the high end salary in automotive factories ( after years of experience and climbing up the ladder a bit ) . 
  most salaries would be in the 300 - 350 euro range net ( and even that would be rare as with more workforce salaries could stay at the same level , so most likely 280 - 300 euro . 
  did not know they gave breivik unlimited internet connection, 
  yet , that only means you have critical thinking . 
  do n't expect this from everyone , hence neutrality of media ( as much as possible ) is desirable . 
  and i would say hungarian media is not neutral , far from it . 
  444 is the most left-wing while echo tv is the most right wing . 
  but i ca n't really think about a neutral media in hungary . 
  simicska controlled media made a big turn lately but the most important and worrying aspect is how biased is the state television which is publicly funded . 
  i do n't watch tv either but from what i gathered it is the opposite right now . 
  regardless of us not watching tv ( hey , we are on reddit right now ) tv2 has a lot of influence , and i bet you that jozsi bacsi will listen to the narrative of tv2 or m1 instead of reading index on his tablet . 
  he gives a fuck , even two about politics . 
  he even donated money to pnl 's compaign last year and is in very good terms with oradea 's mayor for example . 
  he was also friends with some folks from udmr bihor . 
  but he does not interfere in the tv 's agenda and it is neutral indeed . 
  but it might be that he wants more market share before doing that . 
  you never know with him as he is a very private person . 
  those are the most popular media online . 
  i would n't say tv2 is leaning to the left at all , and it has more audience than index and origo combined . 
  index is not really popular among 50 + people in karcag for example . 
  the state run media is not leaning to the left either . 
  not by far, 
  [ kill the poor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owi7doeo_yg ), 
  coming from romania , i understand that perspective . 
  and it might be true as well and it can be fucked up for good . 
  but sometimes not having a legacy , a foundation can be built easier . 
  however the fate of bulgaria will largely depend on the fate of the neighboring countries . 
  there is a higher chance of things working out well for bg if turkey develops harmoniously , greece gets out of its mess and at least serbia gets its act together . 
  rarely there is a prosperous country surrounded by weak neighbors . 
  it is impossible to predict that clearly . 
  i ca n't tell but maybe there will be a massive mobilization of people from the west to east . 
  maybe in 50 years more people will become jobless or work remotely and then will try to find the cheapest cost of living ( like i do now ) . 
  yes , sounds unlikely but who knows what 50 years will bring . 
  as of now we are sure the local population is shrinking and it is doing it so at an alarming rate . 
  but compare the world 50 years ago ( 1965 ) and how much it changed until now . 
  it is not game over , it is a tough road ahead . 
  good sign but as someone else pointed out , it is still too low . 
  it will be hard at this rate to converge with the other economies though . 
  czech rep has a nominal gdp of 19,000 while bulgaria somewhere at 7,800 ( let 's put it at 8000 ) . 
  a 1 % growth in czechia is nominally 190 while a 2 % growth in bulgaria is 160 . 
  recovering from a bad period is great and i am slightly optimist for bulgaria in the future but the growth will need to be accelerated in order to not widen the gap between eu countries . 
  very hard to find something for that amount in my city , oradea . 
  outside of the city [ something like this !, 
  ] ( http://olx.ro/oferta/casa-loc-betfia-teren-3314-mp-casa-178-mp-4-camere-2-bai-cu-utilitati-id44e6c.html#609e90291a ) with over 3k sqm of land or in the city for 185k [ this one ! ] ( http://olx.ro/oferta/vand-casa-id4jd3k.html#1ba830e295;promoted ) . 
  would consider both a bit overpriced though . 
  he is the most famous shepherd , ciobanul ghita, 
  tried the shot in armenia then found out it originates from beirut . 
  i will 100 % visit someday . 
  quite progressive country for its region ( although that does n't say much ) .
