  really , please any spaniard , tell me why does spain suck in your opinion ? 
  wizzair does fly there . 
  you can take a wizzair flight from lisbon to budapest and from then you take another one to kutaisi . 
  worth it, 
  i always had luck when flying to cdg although the 2e/2g transfer is not always easy and sometimes you do n't know when to get off . 
  out of the low cost airports , the milan bergamo one is pretty awful but so is beauvais . 
  life in general , the city is lively . 
  people are more easy to talk to than in any of the other three cities i listed . 
  it has good food , price is ok , it is beautiful yet surprising at all walks . 
  i would n't necessarily live there for other reasons but it is a nice , cheap place with nice people . 
  to be honest i would rather live in lviv than in krakow or vienna or nurnberg . 
  it is a matter of taste . 
  not the whole country is self-imploding , some parts are quite livable and i love a country that is not dull and is in continuous change . 
  the reason i would not choose ukraine is the language and the climate , otherwise i love ukraine so i do n't see 19 votes as a surprise . 
  yes , say goodbye to salar de uyuni in bolivia most likely :( . 
  that place is very rich in lithium for example . 
  and mr rubik erno still lives in buda . 
  he is alive ( not many people know that either ), 
  goodbye to gravity, 
  gave a nurse who was the sweetest nurse on our last day 50 lei ( 11 euro ) . 
  but she was genuinely caring and great and she pierced her ears as well ( not sure if that is mandatory by hospital ) . 
  and she bathed the baby every second day ( when she was on duty ) . 
  gave the anesthesiologist 200 lei but i found her only the second day after the surgery . 
  she reluctantly agreed . 
  later heard she was around all night and monitored my wife and the ( nice ) gypsy lady next to her at the icu ( first night after c-section you stay at the icu ) . 
  i tried to give something to the nurses at the icu but they gave me a death stare ( heard from others they wo n't accept anything , first experience at a hospital ... it was true ) . 
  gave a cleaning lady at the end 10 lei , should have given her more , she is on minimum wage most likely and she cheered up lots of people there . 
  very positive person overall , would greet her anytime on the street if i would see her . 
  gave the doctor who performed the c-section 1000 lei ( one week after the surgery at her private lab ) . 
  she behaved the same even though she did not know whether she will get something or not during the 5 day hospital stay . 
  gladly gave it especially that i know she donates a lot to a charity for single moms ( she always expensive eggs at the annual easter gala ) . 
  10 lei to some random asshole auxiliary staff who transported my wife to the icu . 
  should n't have gave it but i was in shock/amazement that i just saw my daughter two minutes before , but anyway . 
  paid around 460 lei or so for private room so me and a relative could stay overnight with my wife in the same room . 
  but i got a receipt for that . 
  i never paid that one and finished school more than 10 years ago . 
  but it is customary in more schools than it is not . 
  however , never heard of monthly class fund !, 
  i heard about a yearly one of 10-15 euro but never a monthly one !, 
  i believe you , i totally do , but it is the first time i hear about it and it is horrible . 
  same with us . 
  we paid 120 lei ( 26 eur ) per day for private room in a state hospital and it was a very pleasant experience with loving and caring nurses all around ( but i guess they treat differently pregnancies and newborns ) . 
  i do n't like romanian hospitals , in fact i think that the health system is far far from acceptable , but it is not nearly a death sentence . 
  i can afford to be hospitalized anywhere but we choose the state maternity in our 200k city to give birth to our daughter ( paid extra for a separate room so that i can sleep there - it was a c section ) and the service was very good . 
  much better than i expected , not perfect . 
  maybe a 8/10 . 
  sure , some hospitals have horrible conditions , and in some specializations like orthopedics i do n't trust how up to date doctors are ) . 
  but it is not a death sentence . 
  i admit there are worse cases than the one i experienced ( my mom had to go for a surgery in targu mures and it was bad ) . 
  private hospitals are quite cheap when compared to western hospitals but again , with some specializations i would go to another country . 
  dentists , ophthalmologists instead ? 
  best service and very cheap too !, 
  with universities i can only agree with !, 
  the best romanian universities ( cluj , bucharest ) would be average in western europe and the worse ones would not exist . 
  haha , he should bring pasta and pizza instead . 
  thanks for going through the numbers . 
  i was always curious about them but never bothered to check !, 
  and the award for the most off-topic comment goes to ... 
  not in eastern or southern europe , lol , no . 
  i heard about similar arrangements in australia or denmark though, 
  plus , mamma 's food is amazing !, 
  yes , it is often viewed like that . 
  it is not something particular to romanians as i heard plenty of hungarians or italians using the same word to describe their taxes ( did not meet many greeks or bulgarians but i think it is similar ) . 
  i think it has to do with the way people perceive public money is spent . 
  if the perception is that a large chunk of the taxes are siphoned through corrupt deals , the perception is that money is taken from one 's hands in the forms of taxes and put into some politicians ' pocket in the form of a corrupt deal . 
  then people are more reluctant to pay their taxes or see them as their duty . 
  thank you for your perspective . 
  it seems we like many similar things , out of all spanish food i also find paella to be overhyped . 
  it is true what you said about seafood and romanians and i am guilty of that . 
  the problem is you ca n't find fresh seafood here easily . 
  i want to visit maine especially for that but i will not until i have to apply for visas . 
  the thing about bars is true for cluj and bucharest especially , but in smaller cities that is less prevalent . 
  what i dislike about romanian cities is that there is no city with 500k-900k population ( a size i find ideal ) . 
  there is either bucharest or there is cluj , timisoara or iasi . 
  i think barcelona suffers from too much tourism and the bars did not have to have a special soul or theme to survive as the sheer number of visitors provided enough sales anyhow , especially in the touristy places . 
  this is a thing i also witnessed with budapest . 
  a few years ago there were lots of cool bars with lots of soul in it but as tourist arrivals increased , so did the number of standard pubs with tv 's and no decoration and bartenders with no prior experience . 
  but back to the comparison . 
  i think barcelona is way better in public transportation and infrastructure in general . 
  i would love to be in a city from where i could fly anytime to almost any destination . 
  while cluj airport is developing , it is nowhere comparable . 
  if you ever come back to cluj and want to head over for a weekend to oradea , you are my guest for a beer . 
  cheers, 
  as someone from romania who works remotely and considers moving to spain , i agree with many of your points but food ... really ? 
  i find spanish cuisine excellent and romanian mediocre . 
  also , spain might be back on track with growth , although i agree that the general sentiment is negative and people are more optimistic over here . 
  goes well with timisoara in romania just next to it . 
  they should have lots of programs together in 2021 ( timisoara will also be ecc in 2021 ) . 
  next year i want to visit anyway timisoara , szeged and novi sad for a few days each . 
  three beautiful and important cities for their respective countries . 
  you did not live in romania enough ... things will get screwed up at one point . 
  even if not , growth ca n't continue at this rate indefinitely without massive investments in education , research and innovation . 
  transition from a developing economy to a developed one is not easy . 
  it is impossible to have a sustained growth of 5-6 % a year without deep structural changes . 
  it does n't mean that the gap will not get closer , but growth is not arithmetical . 
  yes , they are more tabloid in nature , more vice-style . 
  i hope some other new online media outlets will open as nol had some good staff . 
  well , i was thinking some people will found something new like the guys who left index founded 444 ( not that i love 444 very much ) . 
  i will miss nol.hu , along with hvg and index it was my go-to newspaper . 
  the editorial board will migrate somewhere else , i am sure , but most likely they will not be able to launch a printed newspaper anymore .
