  good . 
  nutella was already on my personal embargo list because i try to reduce products that contain palm oil . 
  there are better sweets anyway . 
  do not eat any more oranges !, 
  that will surely impair the dutch economy !, 
  hahahahaha !, 
  on a serious note , starting today i will personally embargo any turkish product . 
  not that there are many i consume ( mostly agricultural ones ) but i believe that there every day we vote with our money and i do not want to support authoritarian countries . 
  eset is from slovakia too . 
  good question though and i do not know the answer to it . 
  but it must be more than just coincidence . 
  bitdefender master race !, 
  i earn an average swedish salary in romania where the cost of living is lower . 
  i consider moving to spain for the climate though but right now ... family ties ... 
  i have a baby daughter and it is an immense help to be around people who know us and help us with things . 
  if i would move now to valencia , granada or tenerife i would have no one to take care of us , no ties , no friends and very little time ( especially during evenings ) as with a baby life is more complicated . 
  lots of others are content with their lives and even more have family ties . 
  but migration happens , especially from romania , but not everybody is motivated by salary . 
  there are many factors to consider ( culture , friends , marketability of your job , anxiety , language ) . 
  for romania , i think for now it is true , but starting june there will be longer scheduled flights . 
  for instance ( i used wolframalpha distances by air ) : iasi - timisoara is 511.4 km long but this flight operated by blueair has a stopover in cluj ( not sure if at the return as well ) . 
  oradea - constanta will be 613.7 km long by straight line but as i said , it will only start on june 17 ( also blueair ) . 
  i checked and satu mare - bucharest is indeed shorter ( i would have thought that one is longer than iasi - timisoara ) . 
  thank you for the map , as an aviation fan , i greatly enjoyed it !, 
  a repost of a news that was old and factually incorrect even days before . 
  hahaha , i love your comment, 
  this is ppp , in terms of gdp per capita croatia is still ahead , it is just that romania is cheaper . 
  croatians have more disposable income as well as salaries are higher ( but because of that productivity is lower too hence unemployment is higher as well ) . 
  but infrastructure-wise and in terms of how well kept cities are , croatia is better . 
  their corruption issues are just as huge as romania 's , if not worse . 
  but its population is lower and because of the higher salaries it just does n't attract that much investment as other central and eastern european countries . 
  croatia is more of a greece thing while romania is a backwards poland economically thing if i may use very simplistic comparisons . 
  despite that there are some brainless dickheads in psd who have anti-hungarian views . 
  but it was not the case here ( however it was even worse ), 
  quite late article . 
  that bill was proposed by one mp but all the other ones ( even from his party ) were horrified and it was withdrew the same day ( a few days ago ) 2 . 
  as the article mentions inside it was not an anti-hungarian bill and it was not presented as such . 
  it was even worse tbh , against any protest that might disrupt the order . 
  the article in itself is correct albeit dated but the title is quite alarmist . 
  i guess your definition of flipping hot is different than mine , 
  ahh , yes , sorry , too early in the morning . 
  i could excuse myself with saying i was thinking about the baltics but no ... 
  i just did not have enough coffee . 
  why so happy ? 
  you should be grumpy ... it says so in your name  on a serious note , congratulations !, 
  this is a very happy day for many and i am proud of finland for making a step in the right direction . 
  let other nordics follow and maybe , just maybe one day the wave will reach the whole of eu . 
  i would have a lot of criticism to that map although i am the first to criticize romania of being too traditional . 
  but that map is not exactly accurate and simply pasting it here does not make it a proof as you suggested . 
  the world value survey has clear flaws , you can read about it here for example http://www.diss.fu-berlin.de/docs/servlets/mcrfilenodeservlet/fudocs_derivate_000000001827/paper_series._methods_of_field_research._methodological_biases._berlin.belem._nr_3.pdf http://www.overcomingbias.com/2009/11/key-disputed-values.html http://www.academia.edu/6344029/alternative_to_ingleharts_values_constructs the links are long but are very good ones if you are interested in the topic and i wholeheartedly recommend them ( especially the first and last one ) . 
  amsterdam has good connections everywhere but if you want seaside i would go south . 
  italy is the more expensive one between the mediterranean countries so if budget is an issue , i would visit italy later . 
  porto and lisbon are both an amazing choice . 
  you can do day trips as well from both of these cities . 
  maybe you can see the large waves of nazare , the towns of cascais and estoril or sao martinho do porto . 
  look these up . 
  alternatively , aveiro and coimbra are great too if you prefer smaller towns . 
  spain has a myriad of options and it is quite cheap . 
  i second valencia but there are countless options here . 
  have n't been to greece yet but it is also cheap and worth it as far as i know . 
  crete should do it . 
  if you want to work as an electrician between sweden and finland i would choose sweden as the language is easier and the economy better ( however , good luck renting in stockholm ) . 
  in spain you would have less money overall but cost of living is also lower . 
  if you would go the autonomo route in a big city , you would always find work . 
  but that depends on what type of weather you prefer as there are quite a few differences in that regard between sweden and spain . 
  but really , in terms of moving there are many questions you have to ask yourself . 
  - what type of weather you prefer - what type of social contact you prefer ( more talkative people or more reserved ones ) - how much food plays a role in choosing a location - do you prefer larger cities and living in an apartment downtown or a house nearby ? 
  - how important money is ? 
  do you plan on saving ? 
  etc, 
  love the calcada !, 
  i tried to find one in goa but i think there are none anymore . 
  also , the one in cascais looks super nice, 
  oh yes , they were very competitive . 
  please look up more sources in the future . 
  some industry was indeed competitive but during fraudulent privatisation ( sold to romanian oligarchs in the 90s ) it became obsolete . 
  other industries were never competitive and were a huge waste . 
  some investment made prior to 90s ( especially in energy ) is still competitive to this day . 
  but i am sure dacia would be better without being sold to renault . 
  they were very competitive before that . 
  personally i saw less in eastern european countries but some of the places here would not qualify for `` beauty of surroundings '' as lots of beautiful buildings are not restored and some neighborhoods are quite bleak . 
  out of western europe , i do n't remember seeing many in nurnberg for example ( but i might be wrong ) . 
  plenty of them in france though . 
  there are groups of romanians around madrid ( coslada and alcala de henares ) , castellon and almeria but overall there are romanians everywhere in spain although i do n't know anyone in galicia for example . 
  in castellon de la plana there are over 20,000 people for instance and generally in the valencia region there are plenty . 
  i know many of them moved to other eu countries or came back as they could not find good jobs anymore but i do not know how updated the statistics are . 
  most likely you do not interact much with romanians in spain since they work in agriculture , on orange plantations in valencia region , wineries in castilla la mancha or in the south on olive plantations . 
  unfortunately spain did not get the best of romanian immigration as very few students headed there for studies compared to uk/germany or nl even , but of course there are exceptions . 
  as for me , i still consider moving there although i have a very comfortable life here but i ca n't stand the winter . 
  if in the next two-three years the situation will get unstable in romania , i will pack everything and together with my 7 month old baby will go there as i always fell welcome there and always befriended spanish people even when tens of thousands of km away from europe . 
  by the way , off-topic but if you would have to choose a place to live in spain , where would that be ? 
  you can pm me as well if you do not want to write in the thread, 
  i do not know about some of your points but i know about the movement to get rid of tourists and that has nothing to do about welcoming . 
  one is a tourist who checks landmarks to visit or disrupts local life by being loud and drunk as he/she will go back in a few days and another thing is to be welcome someone to be your neighbor . 
  i do know about the catalan language and i heard from a friend from northern spain who lived two years in bcn that she once had an issue of using spanish . 
  pretty bad but i know she would have told me if she would have had more issues as she loves to complain :p however she noted that she had real issues in a village next to girona so there 's that . 
  although i am not a local , i just love spain and i am sure there must be issues , no place is devoid of them . 
  but overall barcelona and spain are pretty welcoming . 
  as an anecdote , and it does n't have to do with bcn but with spain in general . 
  i always love to talk to romanians living abroad how accepted they feel and i try to go deep into the conversations .
