  i would leave this part of the continent for good in the first place , that 's what would happen . 
  but it is a very hypothetical question as these countries do n't have much in common in terms of economies . 
  the economies of poland , hungary or romania are more connected to those of germany , france , netherlands or italy than to each other . 
  ideologically they are not coherent either , you see illiberal attitudes in hungary and poland but those might not be persistent and that same attitude is not shared by the baltics afaik for instance . 
  no , he was actually quite serious but very very not knowledgeable about the world . 
  he said he has never been to london or outside the uk ever and for us it was shocking as he was in his late 50s . 
  not a bad guy at all , just not at all connected to the world . 
  yep , that was to fuck with him . 
  he had a few other similar questions about fridges ( whether they exist ) but i do n't remember it well as it was ages ago . 
  yep  my bad, 
  an old man in rural cheshire asked my wife whether there are restaurants in romania . 
  the answer was yes . 
  he asked afterwards whether there are tvs there . 
  she said she actually works at one . 
  then he asked what jobs do people have there . 
  she said we are mostly beekeepers . 
  there are two close people who are into eight figures . 
  one had an online business in the 90s and sold it for over 100 millions but he was not the sole owner ( i know because i looked up information about his former company ) . 
  the other one probably barely has tens of millions in digital assets and i know that because he trusted me to take care of liquidating his websites in case some accident happens to him and basically fulfill his will in a few years after finding the right buyers for his properties . 
  funny thing is that it is the first time i realized i have passwords to assets worth at least a few millions in a firesale . 
  none of the guys own a car and the second one dresses very modestly , you would never guess he is a millionaire unless you step in his condo . 
  it is complicated though . 
  i guess for a romanian french and portuguese are the most complicated latin languages to learn . 
  i could probably speak decent spanish , italian or catalan in less than a year but i would not speak portuguese that fast . 
  the way words form is different , but i love hearing it and love listening to music in portuguese . 
  eh , i wish i 'd learn it , it is the most beautiful language to my ears . 
  til carles puigdemont speaks romanian ( understandably so as his wife is romanian and she most likely speaks to the kids in romanian ) . 
  but i did not know that before . 
  i would pick slovenia , specifically ljubljana . 
  lack of ethnic food . 
  ca n't find a good sushi , a good mexican , vietnamese or thai food here . 
  hell , there are only 2-3 good restaurants and 10 ok ones . 
  also that there is no sea nearby . 
  i ca n't just take the car and be at the sea in a few hours . 
  i must take the plane or drive 10 hours to reach the black sea or the adriatic in croatia . 
  in hungary there is the magyar ketfarku kutyapart or hungarian two-tailed dog party https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_two-tailed_dog_party they have some very nice satirical billboards , criticizing the current government and its campaigns . 
  would consider voting for them . 
  in romania i think a majority would want a unification but not sure how that would shift if a concrete plan would be put into place ( higher taxes , more potential instability , lots of russophiles now might be part of the parliament etc ) . 
  in moldova there is no majority towards unification . 
  personally i would be very wary about it . 
  from a humanitarian pov , i think moldova has a better future in romania , people 's lives there would improve over the years . 
  on the other hand it would be a vulnerability . 
  what would happen with transnistria ? 
  would there be russian troops on romania 's border ? 
  there would be a sizable community of very pro-russian minority too who romania would have to deal with . 
  also the gagauz minority that would potentially want independence if they are backed by russians . 
  military spending would naturally need to go up and funds would need to be funneled towards the moldova economy in order for it to catch up . 
  i do n't think at this time romania has the capacity to unite with moldova . 
  and anyway , a referendum in moldova would not pass ( around 30 % of the population would support it ) . 
  oh , most romanians feel great in spain although we did not send our best there !, 
  despite what many spanish would say , it is a very open culture ( just look of the acceptance of lgbt people ) , not a closed culture , but quite an open one ( similar in this regard . 
  in may i was in catalonia on our first trip outside with our little daughter and although bcn is very touristy and people are fed up with them ( so am i although i was one of them ) , people did talk to us in the metro asking about our daughter and making small talk . 
  i felt very at home ( but more so in the smaller cities like tarragona or girona ) . 
  it is not just the climate that is warm but also the people and that is far more important !, 
  i could definitely see myself living there ( we have an online business that is location independent so the worse job market would not affect us ) and we are always talking with my wife about buying a house there and let our daughter be raised in a more open society . 
  yes , about 20 % of romanians emigrated and it feels . 
  there are different categories and different motives . 
  first , there were those who emigrated in the 90s usually to the usa or france . 
  but there were n't many , it was a lot harder to move . 
  in 2007-2010 most people went to italy and spain . 
  there are of course exceptions but the large majority of these were people working shitty jobs in agriculture or taking care of elderly in italy . 
  they choose these countries because it was easy to emigrate there ( some countries had certain restrictions until 2014 ) and because it was easier to learn the language and because of the weather . 
  hell , even portugal saw many romanian immigrants and that is not an economic powerhouse . 
  then the students and here the main destination was/is the uk but i personally know a few students in nl as well . 
  they wo n't come back and usually they are the smartest of the bunch . 
  then the doctors ... 
  i ca n't blame them . 
  they went everywhere , from austria to germany to france , sweden or italy ( more nurses there than doctors ) . 
  engineers mainly moved to germany ( anecdotal info again but the large majority of engineers i know moved there ) . 
  to your other question , yes , it is mainly economical or about perspectives . 
  a very close friend of mine just starts her phd at oxford ... there is absolutely nothing she could do in romania , she is already overqualified . 
  despite that , she would love to come back , she is homesick and loves it here but she is well aware it would be a dead-end in terms of research she can do here vs anywhere else . 
  then there are quite a few people who choose spain because they love spain . 
  i myself considered moving there as i love the food , the openness of the people , the sun and the sea and generally everything about it although spanish people are major complainers about spain . 
  i met people who emigrated there and who would n't come back even if they would get a better salary here ( in terms of cost of living ) simply because they are well integrated and feel well there . 
  live in a medium sized 200k pop . 
  city in western romania . 
  i bought a 80 sqm apartment that needs complete redoing for a bit over 40k euro . 
  ok , i will kill another 20k in it to redo it in my taste but it is in downtown . 
  since i bought it prices went up by 5 % in 6 months so that will change but it is still reasonable . 
  you will find higher prices ( over 1k eur/sqm ) in cluj or bucharest but other than that it tends to be fairly cheap although not for the majority of the population that gets by on shitty salaries . 
  but a freelancer acquaintance of mine bought a 3bdr new apartment for 65k and moved here just because he was suffocated by rents in his city ( munich ) . 
  this is the age of city-states again and i do n't think rents/property prices will go down in major european cities . 
  for romania i would go for either [ oradea ] ( http://infooradea.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/piata-unirii-oradea-1024x550.jpg ) , [ brasov ] ( http://romaniatourism.com/images/brasov/brasov-romania.jpg ) or [ sibiu ] ( http://www.secret-escapes.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/sibiu-panorama.jpg ) as the most beautiful . 
  brasov has a nice center and beautiful surroundings but besides that not much ( it would be my third choice ) . 
  for the ugliest ... the list is endless . 
  if i would have to choose a city from the top 10 largest cities i would go with galati and ploiesti . 
  not whole countries no . 
  but certain regions where you can drive for a few hours yes . 
  guadalajara region in central spain is one . 
  southern romania might be another . 
  [ this is a small road for example in constanta county ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/place/b%c4%83r%c4%83ganul/@44.6794923,28.1428103,3a,75y,197.48h,85.56t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1snwmwx9k7_apz1yw8k_c3rq!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo1.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3dnwmwx9k7_apz1yw8k_c3rq%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d279.11386%26pitch%3d0%26thumbfov%3d100!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0x40b0e2be605ad85d:0x19af66b7eb325fc2!8m2!3d44.811202!4d27.5105797 ) eastern hungary is also boring and there is nothing to see . 
  try going on road 4 from budapest to oradea , romania and for over 3 hours there is not much to see , however you will cross some small towns ( monor , puspokladany etc ) . 
  i looked at the [ pop density in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/area_and_population_of_european_countries ) and i guess you might find some roads like that in estonia but it is a very small country . 
  kansas has a population density of 14 and nebraska 9 people per square kilometer . 
  bulgaria which is very sparsely populated has 69 people per sq km so i guess in that sense you will not find something similar in europe ( bar russia ), 
  the further reading links are nice on wiki as well : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_new_wave no , actors do n't fight over it , usually there is a long silence while eating, 
  me and my wife share a passion for portuguese . 
  when we are outside eating and there are portuguese people around we stop talking to listen to them , it sounds that beautiful ( we do n't understand a thing ) . 
  agree , except the spaceport should rightfully go to gyulahaza !,
