  and it grinds my gears when people wo n't acknowledge either . 
  teenagers are stupid , i was as well ( in other ways ) . 
  there are negative attitudes in both countries , that is why i try to weed them out beforehand . 
  present yourself as a romanian in eastern hungary if you want to have negative experiences . 
  just remembered another anecdote . 
  i came by train from bp to puspokladany and from there my mom brought me home three years ago . 
  she took a turn in puspokladany and stopped to ask a policeman for directions . 
  i shit you not !, 
  however i do feel strongly about your last paragraph about hungarian regions being purposefully left without resourses and attention to develop . 
  i would like to address this thoroughly but i have little time right now . 
  if you talk about szeklerland , yes , not much is invested there , but it is overall a rural , low denisty mountaineous area . 
  covasna county has 200.000 people living there and harghita 300.000 people . 
  combined they are less populated than iasi county ( 770,000 people ) or bihor ( where i am from ) . 
  no big city exists in these two counties ( csikszereda at 42.000 or sepsi at 54,000 is hardly an urban center ) . 
  both are smaller than cities like giurgiu , calarasi or resita just to name a few and botosani or buzau is larger than the two above cities combined . 
  check this article out ( the author is stupid sometimes but not biased - his site is about statistics ) http://www.analizeeconomice.ro/2016/11/cat-din-taxele-ce-se-colecteaza-in.html infrastructure investments are not feasible to be made in low-populated mountaineous areas . 
  otherwise , the few motorways that are being built right now are between tg mures and cluj and sebes - turda . 
  how many kilometers were built in moldova or around craiova ? 
  the situation is different in many ways than it is portrayed in hungary . 
  on the whole , i agree with your message , but there are a few things that i see differently as a hungarian living in romania . 
  and i might not answer you directly , i just want to point out a few things from my pov ( that may not have to do directly with what you have said ) . 
  romanians do n't see themselves as the conquerors . 
  that is not how it is portrayed here . 
  on the other hand i try to tell every romanian nationalist about the way that some romanians from transylvania thought against the romanian army 100 years ago ( a thing missed by plenty ) . 
  overall , hungary is more nationalistic . 
  the public discourse even more so , although recently some new wave of bs romanian nationalism started to sprung here . 
  but nowhere near what you can find in hungary although i am very wary about it . 
  szekelyfold is a rural , mountainous conservative area . 
  what their corrupt , idiot leaders want is power and less oversight in their corrupt deals . 
  the hungarian leadership there is rotten to the core . 
  urban hungarians in romania care less about trianon than you might think . 
  as a relative of mine who speaks romanian with an accent and whose wife is a hungarian literature teacher here said `` whenever i hear a hungarian moan about trianon , i barely can stop myself from punching them '' . 
  hungarians are sometimes treated differently in subtle ways but overall the situation is good and definitely improving . 
  it is not the 90s anymore . 
  some romanians claim there are absolutely no problem - they do n't know . 
  situation could be better but there are two sides who profit from them not being ok - romanian nationalists and hungarian nationalists from szeklerland . 
  it is utterly disgraceful when a hungarian politician is arrested and everybody from rmdsz and neppart starts seeing oppression of hungarians in that ( they do n't believe that , they just like to claim xenophobia everywhere , even where there is none ) . 
  this is such a stupid counterproductive thing , they ca n't imagine . 
  the leaders of the hungarian community lost any respect with this . 
  i had friends in bucharest ( 100 % romanians ) who voted rmdsz to balance powers back in 2004 . 
  now they are horrified and claim the party is one of the most corrupt . 
  i do not see autonomy being a solution and i believe it is a false subject . 
  it would not resolve shit and might fuel even more nationalists from szeklerland , the 64 varmegye types . 
  fuck them . 
  no , really , fuck them in the ass . 
  about discriminating , just an anecdote i heard from my hungarian neighbor whose sister moved to gyor in the 90s . 
  even now their neighbors call them `` the romanians '' although , just like my neighbor they never spoke the language besides basic words . 
  and not just this neighbor but some distant relatives who moved to rural hungary ( near karcag ) experienced the same thing being called `` budos olah-k '' . 
  yay for inclusive hungarians !, 
  i could go on and counter any romanian nationalist discourse , and i do often that . 
  fyi i always say i am hungarian when meeting a new person in romania just to weed out the crazies and i did the opposite in hungary . 
  it was kind of off topic , but i wanted to present you where i come from in this debate . 
  i love hungary , i love romania but i dislike nationalists and what nationalist topics bring out of people . 
  there is no time limit but there are ways to mourn . 
  putting up maps everywhere and fueling the extremes to claim ownership of those lands is not a wise thing to do . 
  in many aspects trianon was shit , completely hungarian areas at the border were given to romania for example just because the railway infrastructure passed there . 
  and i could continue ( but i prefer to present that side of the story when i meet sily romanian nationalists ) . 
  however , using the map everywhere , overusing slogans like vesszen trianon etc is not a constructive way of looking into good relationships with neighboring countries . 
  there was another map like this pointed out here with the number of square kilometers lost to each country !, 
  absolutely sily . 
  mourn as much as you want , remember that day and maybe learn of the causes that lead to it ( preferably not from the revised hungarian history books - they are utterly shit just as much the romanian high school history books ) . 
  it is the first time i saw that map used like that . 
  what is the point exactly ? 
  fyi i am a hungarian citizen as well and i lived there . 
  you will never never never ever see so many signs of greater romania in a year as you can see signs of greater hungary in a day if you walk around any city and look at the memorials , bumper stickers etc. 
  it was truly one of the most disgusting things in the four years i spent in hungary ... so much nationalism and vesszen trianon . 
  and the worst is \u201e magyar az , akinek f\u00e1j trianon '' ( hungarian is the one who is hurt by trianon . 
  i used to tell those people who said that , that if they are aching , they should consult a doctor . 
  ffs , 100 years . 
  yes , the map is a political message . 
  and it is used everywhere excessively . 
  not in school definitely . 
  in school it is french , english and to a lesser extent german . 
  in school it is very rarely taught ( i even know schools that teach italian but no spanish one in my city ) . 
  but spanish is easier to learn ( i myself want to learn it as well but hardly find time ) . 
  but there were lots of telenovelas that helped people learn it . 
  yet still , knowledge of french among romanians is still abysmal . 
  i studied 11 years of french in school and knew it fairly well ( especially reading ) but after more than a decade without practice it is horrible . 
  another reply from me since you are genuine . 
  take a look at these two posts : https://www.reddit.com/r/iwantout/comments/6mx088/19m_venezuela_to_a_country_in_europe/ https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/6jk03v/moving_from_venezuela_to_spain_im_scared_shitless/ on par with the experiences i know . 
  the situation in venezuela is really worth taking a look at and i am sure you will find great sources about it ( theatlantic , reuters etc ) . 
  it is the classic example of how not to ru ( i ) n a country and i am not exaggerating . 
  this is why it was maddening to see corbyn take sides , once you talk about relativization , you side with the criminals . 
  i support some of his ideas btw , but whenever he opens his mouth about venezuela it would seem more intelligent if he would puke instead . 
  btw , always had the same view about him myself : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6fnt3h/may_ill_rip_up_human_rights_laws_that_impede_new/dilmckw/, 
  i have friends who lived there but moved afterwards as well as very close friends who lived in south america . 
  many of them socialists in principle . 
  all consider venezuela a failed state and blame chavez for his populist rotten policies that were not exaggerated by the media , in fact as they would say , they were largely ignored until very recently . 
  if you read about venezuela occasionally , please do so more and if you can find first hand accounts , please listen to them as well . 
  it is the most fucked up situation . 
  it might be true that temporarily life did get better for the poor under chavez but anyone with a sense could see the catastrophe that is coming ( been talking about venezuela myself for over ten years - it was obvious , the drop in oil price just sped it up a bit ) . 
  nationalization of everything , price controls , extreme corruption ( look up maria gabriela chavez ) , demagoguery has shrank the middle class and made the life unsafe in venezuela . 
  thugs got guns and there were instances years ago when protests were torn apart by these thugs supported by the regime so that officially one ca n't blame the government . 
  it is late here and i ca n't relate the disgust i feel towards chavez and maduro . 
  as a consequence of their action people died , many people are hungry , thousands of women turned into ( or were `` convinced '' to turn into ) prostitution ( just look how many of them are in trinidad - before they were n't there ) and turned up violence in an already unsafe country ... 
  i know no backpackers who travelled to venezuela and were n't mugged in the past 8 years ( out of 6 , 6 were robbed , two of them twice and we are talking about travel-savvy people here ) . 
  that country turned into shit and corbyn saying rip to chavez , friend of the poor is disgusting . 
  fuck chavez , fuck maduro on a stick and hang him by his balls and fuck anyone like corbyn who is using relativization on a situation that is absolute horror . 
  seriously , if you look at the sad recent history of venezuela , it is all that can go wrong . 
  no violence is ok of course but this statement came from the mouth of the moron that said '' thanks hugo chavez for showing that the poor matter and wealth can be shared .
