  nepszabadsag was important in a country where lots of older people do n't use the internet and still purchase papers . 
  it is a very sad day for hungary as it was clearly sabotage and the way they closed the paper and the website was very disgusting . 
  they use it to talk to other drivers about the places where they encounter police etc in order to avoid fines and to be warned if there was an accident somewhere and the road is blocked etc. 
  also used by truckers to talk among themselves . 
  for what it is worth , in my town most doctors do n't accept things beforehand ... only after the surgery ... of course not true for all doctors i guess but true for all the cases i heard about recently ) . 
  oh , it was definitely protested against ... 
  baha'is in iran as well , i would add . 
  in addition to that map , it is a bit incomplete . 
  lots of multinationals have their hq in bucharest and report all their profit and taxes in bucharest , while they have offices nationwide . 
  the gap is not that large ( but no one can question that bucharest is more developed and it is a net contributor ) . 
  i am very aware of this , i heard many similar stories , although with me in school it was easy ( middle school ) . 
  in high school i enrolled in a catholic school where i was openly atheist and they were totally fine with it , however i had to study religion ( which was totally fine , i knew it when i enrolled there ) . 
  results are skewed , that is for sure . 
  first , it is the way the census question is formulated , secondly as someone else said , sometimes one person answers the census question for all the family and finally i do not take seriously the census results , i believe they faked some of it ( for instance population size ) . 
  anyway , i am already quite sure that by the next census i will run a campaign on billboards and trams in which i will spread the message that it is ok to declare yourself an atheist , especially if the question will be skewed again . 
  at least it will shake up the life in my small city . 
  at the last census these were the results . 
  it is true that the question was formulated in a way that benefited the church ( es ) but the amount of religious people is still higher than in hungary for instance . 
  most likely this was just a mistake made though in diplomacy there are rarely mistakes like this made . 
  but judging by the message sent afterwards , i tend to believe the ambassador was clueless . 
  the chisinau stuff might be different . 
  i agree it is very ill-timed . 
  it works perfectly for the nationalists two and a half months before crucial parliamentary elections . 
  not to mention the corrupt part of the media started a campaign about `` outside forces '' wanting to break romania into three ( totally moronistic but works wonders for the uneducated audience ) . 
  it was a mistake made by the ambassador , no one benefits out of this , except the nationalist/populists . 
  no seaside and very mountaineous . 
  i agree with you on this , i gave an explanation to what the article said . 
  i especially agree with your bolded statement , however it is extremely hard to have piece when the imminence of war is such a great card for aliyev to play to deter focus . 
  might be , as i said i know very little about nk and the region . 
  i tried to offer another explanation to the article 's mention about russia striving for parity between azr and arm . 
  in his defense , he is right if we talk about the motivation of the political factor . 
  for local and national politicians eu = money that they can later manage . 
  in a way eu funds are eu 's carrot and they are an important tool to convince the political factor to make reforms in order to join the eu . 
  but this does not translate down to society . 
  as you said , nuance is hard , it is not black and white . 
  i think it has more to do with russia being happy with a state of `` almost war '' between azr and arm . 
  that way , defense spending will be high and it is not in russian interest for the conflict to solve completely since afterwards azerbaijan will not spend 4.76 % of its gdp on defense but maybe 2 % and that will mean less sales . 
  i am not an expert by any means on nagorno karabakh , this was just a theory i heard in armenia . 
  of course , even today azerbaijan buys supplies from israel as well ( hence israel did not recognize the armenian genocide yet ... which is very nasty coming from a state like israel whose people had to go through a genocide as well , but that is another story ) . 
  it has less to do about that than one might imagine . 
  sure , it plays a part as well , but from my anecdotal evidence in romania , that is less important . 
  strengthening of institution , rule of law , transparency are all values that even the common man in the villages share ( even if they ca n't put it into words ) and that is far more important than any financial incentive . 
  my grandfather who died in 2004 and fought in wwii could not wait for romania to become eu member and he had no idea about any of the economic advantages . 
  he hoped it will change romania into a place where the law is applied to all , where the government will respect its citizen and where there is better healthcare ( this last one might qualify there ) . 
  if you would go asking people on the street what the big advantage of being member of the eu is , you would not get the financial advantage as a priority ( although i have anecdotal evidence only ) . 
  yes , these pictures are more representative . 
  esztergom is a bit touristy , it has a very big cathedral ( i think the largest in hungary ) and it was the capital of hungary . 
  likewise bicaz canyon is well known in romania although it is more a pass for cars than anything else . 
  but it is refreshing to see other photos of these countries , rather than all the same touristic stuff . 
  i love how the source has a . su domain name ... that was assigned for the soviet union and still exists to this day ... credible source all in all edit : especially that the user who posted this has energia in its username ... just like the website, 
  if you really plan to visit russia , wait for 2018 and during the world cup there will be no visa needed ( not sure if you will need to have a ticket for a game purchased or not ) . 
  completely agree . 
  the nature around trieste is also amazing , especially the caves . 
  the city is a mix of austro-hungarian and italian architecture with mountains and a rocky beach . 
  it sort of makes sense and it is a bit far-fetched to compare to the most prosperous country on the continent , there are varieties of this . 
  look at the other side of the coin . 
  an acquaintance i have who has an ma and is well prepared gets a salary of 90 usd per month in ukraine working in the judicial system ( assistant for a judge ) . 
  she ca n't live off of that and she speaks three languages and has to support two kids . 
  does that make sense ? 
  of course not , it is all relative . 
  people around me in romania ( qualified one but not in it ) get by with 350 euro a month . 
  there are plenty of cases like that . 
  a very close friend even has to support her mom with dementia and unlike in italy the state gives her 0 assistance , no caretaker , no money ( her mom 's pension is 70 euro per month and her medication costs 120 euro ) . 
  it does n't make sense to compare these situations , different countries have different standards of living and unfortunately italy is on a downhill slope due to a few factors : - aging population ( only germany has a higher median age in europe unless you consider monaco a country as well :p ) - judicial system ( you ca n't sue anybody there unless you are prepared to wait 6-8 years for a sentence ) . 
  that is a joke , it is such a broken system . 
  why would i be incentivized to setup a company in italy when if i get in trouble i may have to wait up to 10 years for a solution to my case ? 
  - excessive burreaucracy . 
  and now on a personal note . 
  i am a freelancer but for a long time i am thinking of setting up a company . 
  i also love the sea and want to live by the sea so soon i will move from romania to another country . 
  because i appreciate good food , good weather and culture and lower cost of living , my options are reduced to three : porto , valencia or trieste ( most likely i will choose between the last two ) . 
  medium term i would like to setup a company and hire 2-3 people to work on content , but i looked into the italian bureaucracy and i got a headache . 
  literally . 
  if italy would reform that and setting up a company , registering a car would be just as easy to do as in the uk , i expect more job offers and better paid ones . 
  but that is a big `` if '' and i do n't know if a reform in bureaucracy will happen anytime soon . 
  people do n't invest not because there is no money ( there is big money in italy ) but because of headaches . 
  oh , and the pension system . 
  italy spends the most on pensions but this is to do with the aging population and because no well paid jobs exist , it will not attract qualified people . 
  but ... it would attract qualified people if only that burreaucracy would be resolved . 
  if given a choice between living in hamburg ( nice city ) and bologna , many people would choose bologna but a big multinational would not , because they want stability and ease of doing business . 
  i do n't even know where i am going with this , i am frustrated as well that italy is so stuck . 
  it is known what needs to be done in italy but it seems to be stuck and there is an inertia of the bureaucracy that keeps it from progressing . 
  with all this said , a comparison with switzerland is only one side of the coin . 
  comparing to macedonia or bosnia , there are jobs available and while you ca n't live very nicely , you can get by and enjoy a great quality of living in italy . 
  i feel you , but i would like to add that in my very limited personal experience , italian young people are the most knowledgeable about art and art history . 
  nowhere else in europe can you discuss the rennaisance , paintings or architecture with a young person the way you do in italy ( again , this is anecdotal but was reinforced again and again ) . 
  in terms of economic prospects , i totally agree with you , it is disheartening to not have prospects , and even if italy still does better than most ( all ? ), 
  central and eastern european countries but given it is stagnant , the optimism is gone . 
  racist people will be found everywhere more or less , for example a friend of mine barely found a place to rent as they refused him after they asked him his nationality , but young people seem to be better in this regard so that 's a start . 
  again , thinking about money ... that is universal but i think it is less so in italy than in north america or the uk . 
  i find in italy a sense of community , people barter and help each other out , but again , i did not have personal experience , only second hand ones . 
  anyway , go out , immerse yourself into another country 's culture and customs and take the best from everywhere and you will be fine , a long beautiful life awaits you if you personally are open to it . 
  if you talk about the video i think you do , that is unconfirmed , and there is a chance it is not from tonight . 
  not that it matters , hard to delete it from your brain either way, 
  he was in bodrum , turkey on holiday . 
  i would not really call zimbabwe a democracy , you know ... on the other hand namibia and botswana whose systems are quite ok ( compared to the rest of africa ) are doing quite ok ( compared to the rest of africa ) . 
  unrelated to the thread , but are schools in spain not free ? 
  i know about colegios privados and concertados but state schools are n't free anyway ? 
  feel free to pm me as well . 
  also from romania and battling this as well .
