  and a little bit of capital maybe . 
  if i could do most of the company stuff online and have transparency and logic , i would start hiring next day three people , but right now it is easier for me to outsource to asia ( and believe me , that has its drawbacks as well ) . 
  i speak hungarian , lived in hungary , am hungarian citizen and never knew what havasalf\u00f6ld stands for . 
  til !, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/yurop basically , europe 's response to / r/murica, 
  it is less than that , around 6-7 % though . 
  first part of borat was actually filmed in a romani village in glod , romania, 
  thank you for your detailed response , i will sure have to check it out !, 
  i know about that heating issue , when i visited a friend in sardinia in april it got really cold ( for me ) during the night . 
  i have n't yet been to malta but i always consider it if i think of moving somewhere , then immediately i am not as it is too densely populated and real estate prices are relatively high . 
  on paper it is an island with great weather ( for me ) , nice beaches , english speaking and with good connections to the continent . 
  it is also quite populated so there are many services around . 
  on the other hand it looks too densely populated ( except gozo ) , it might be insular and there does n't seem too much to be done after a while . 
  apartments are more expensive per sqm than in valencia or sevilla and they honestly look worse in condition . 
  how wrong is my perception ? 
  i will visit next year most likely or this winter so i will make up my own mind but would love to hear the opinion of a local . 
  there are many departments in the top 100 for their subjects though , international relations was just one example : https://www.ceu.edu/article/2014-02-28/ceu-programs-rank-among-worlds-top-100-latest-qs-listing also here https://www.topuniversities.com/universities/central-european-university it is a small university but very focused on research , it has one of the best libraries that is free for any student . 
  it is different than the other universities especially that it is not that big and does not offer undergrad degrees , but it is very prestigious in its niche and there is a lot of research coming out of ceu . 
  if it comes to the number of research that is cited , i guess ceu is the best , nothing can come even close to it . 
  but it is small , with less than 2000 students and focused on the humanities only . 
  elte , bme , corvinus or the university of szeged are in a different position as they are more general in nature and have undergraduate programs as well and to be fair it is hard to compare them . 
  that is because there are no undergrad studies at ceu . 
  but if you look at qs rankings for international relations it is no 29 , ahead of duke university or king 's college london . 
  i really do n't think that is the case here . 
  putin has no interest to further the anti-gay measures and he is really not that much in control in chechnya as one would assume . 
  does anybody else intellectuals can only talk the way i do does not compute :p, 
  you replied to me in a very eloquent manner , like a true intellectual you are / s `` as someone who is choosing university in hungary right now , you 're full of shit , asshole , there 's loads of universities '', 
   robbed people of all available freedoms i 've only read the first two links , still nowhere to find a statement that all people 's freedoms are gone . 
  all . 
  this is what this discussion was about . 
  all people 's freedoms . 
  that it is an authoritarian state is beyond a doubt . 
  do you understand what `` no freedom of education '' means ? 
  do you think it means there are universities to choose from ? 
  i think you clearly lack logic , as this is a matter of black and white here . 
  where did it say there are no choices in universities ? 
  please point that to me !, 
  and you will go to university ... dear dog !, 
  yes , he is different , but as i live very close to that breeze of fresh air , i can confirm it stinks like smelly farts . 
  no , the worse is that idiots believe what skp_005 said , that this is how hungary 's action is interpreted . 
  give me links of instances where western media portrayed hungary like a raging dictatorship that robbed people of all available freedoms . 
  oh , you ca n't ? 
  maybe then you should reconsider your life choices ( i know you wo n't ), 
  if that was a loaded question you surely did not look into your government 's nemzeti konzultacio ... those are very unloaded questions :d please go and answer those , it will help your government decide whether it should stop or let brussels rule !, 
  oh wait , i think they already decided , hence the whole fucking country is plastered with allitsuk meg brusszelt !, 
  slogans financed by public money . 
  brussel is preparing a risky move !, 
  then it asks you what you think the govt should do !, 
  please answer it , they are very curious about your opinion !, 
  hahahahahaha , that 's why fidesz increased the vat to the eu max limit of 27 % because they are reducing taxes . 
  and that is why the tax on labor is one of the highest in eu !, 
  now , see my friend , that is a loaded question . 
  please learn the difference and help your government decide what it should do by sending back that questionnaire !, 
  they eagerly wait for your opinion, 
  he is the billionaire jew with opposing views who can be blamed for everything . 
  in fact he is quite chill and does not interfere professionally at all in the way ceu activates . 
  he founded it , he financed it but now he is not involved anymore ( i guess until now ) . 
  which countries have similar laws ? 
  when were they enacted ? 
  where those laws dedicated to erase the best university in the country specifically because it promoted opposing views to the coutnry 's almighty leader ? 
  do you think restricting education and access to education is generally a good thing and should not be protested ? 
  genuinely curious, 
  i am worried that people like you who can not interpret a text in context can go to universities and will be accepted . 
  the standards are surely low if they let you in . 
  so closing a university out of dozens in the context of freedom of expression , your point is there are still loads of universities to choose from ? 
  how is closing a university a good thing ? 
  are you afraid by the freedom of expression and that in the ceu , people ( with more intellectual capabilities than you , at least all can interpret a text in context ) have different opinions ? 
  that scares your poor soul too much ? 
  please then go and hide under viktor 's protective blanket . 
  in your view , there is nothing else to freedom of speech except the right to protest ? 
  no freedom of media ( taxing opposition media ? 
  ) , no freedom of education ( dedicating a law to close down a university ? ) . 
  is that all there is ? 
  congratulations then , orbanistan is not iran yet then !, 
  wooohooo, 
  gouda is dutch though . 
  it is even a city in the netherlands . 
  do n't forget to fill out the questionnaire . 
  if you need help , you should select the first answer for all questions !, 
  good luck !, 
  your government cares for you !, 
  yes , they sent out the questionnaire with very very loaded questions but it seems they already decided what road should hungary be taken . 
  if you have n't seen the questionnaire [ take a look here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/639k7i/lets_stop_brussels_government_poster_in_hungary/dft07zs/ ), 
  i know that . 
  still , opting to choose jobbik out of all parties in hungary does n't change the thing . 
  jobbik would be a disaster to hungary and yet they have plenty votes . 
  does n't matter if a leftie treehugger votes for jobbik , it still counts as a vote for jobbik . 
  how fascist jobbik supporters are is another discussion really . 
  hungary does not have a fascist problem although it is a rising trend and the government does not really stop it but likes to play the victim card ( nemet megszallas emlekmu for instance ) . 
  but this last paragraph is another discussion as i said, 
  that is very true and that move should have raised more responses back then ( i was very disappointed it did not ) . 
  orban is a master of dividing people and unfortunately people buy into that rhetoric . 
  the left is divided between mszp , pm , dk , momentum and many similar movements that sprung throughout the years . 
  on another note , out of those 34 % who voted for opposition parties , a good amount was for jobbik which is not the democratic opposition and it would be even worse than fidesz . 
  looking at the demographics and seeing young people do favor jobbik and that mszp 's largest demographic are pensioners does n't make me hold much faith in hungary 's future and i really really wish the best for hungary . 
  the eu listens ( albeit slowly ) if there is an issue that needs to be solved and that does not clashes very much with other member 's interests . 
  hungary has proportional representation in the eu parliament and has an eu commissionaire ( navracsics ) . 
  if by the 130 new pillow laws you refer to the uniformization laws ( like the bending banana thing that was used as a propaganda tool by uk tabloids ) then those are normal and exist everywhere . 
  look a random example in the us https://www.nist.gov/sites/default/files/documents/pml/wmd/pubs/2011/09/13/handbook-130-05all.pdf there are instances where the eu fucks up and instances where it is too bureaucratic ( the cookie law was stupid ) and the eu is about slow policy-making and does not reaction fast enough ( although that changes ) .
