  as a sidenote most of the people i know who left for spain have a lower level of education and work in construction mostly . 
  all of my relatives/friends who left for uk/de/nl / be/se/fr have high education and work in offices and are well mannered and well integrated . 
  but guess which one of them have to listen to questions like : is there a lot of starving in romania ? 
  are there restaurants in romania ? 
  do people have fridge back in your home ? 
  how is that you are not dark colored ? 
  i will tell you , not the ones from spain ( ok , to be fair the two people i talked to from sweden had nothing to complain either ) . 
  spanish people have a very `` let it be '' attitude and i really appreciate that , it is the last sane corner of europe . 
  well , i wrote a lot and just partially addressed your ( rightful ) concerns , sorry for that . 
  i have a few travel websites and i get sometimes emails regarding safety and rape in special in germany ... like ... how likely is that i will be raped in rothenburg ob der tauber if i go there in october ? 
  how many refugees are in the city ? 
  i simply replied that rape is a fact of life now , you have to accept it while visiting rothenburg , i myself was raped in the butthole while grocery shopping . 
  did not hear back from her ( she was from tn , usa ) . 
  i would so much love to ship the alt-righters and meet the vast majority of these refugees and talk to them . 
  but i think nothing would change their pre-existing worldview . 
  on another note , i think the term `` refugee crisis '' is right as logistically and politically it was an immense job to find so many people a place to stay , the social services must be overwhelmed . 
  politically it was also a crisis as there were people who took it as a `` free ticket to eu '' and jumped the bandwagon although their situation would n't justify them a refugee status . 
  very proud of barcelona and spain too !, 
  however self-loathing spaniards are , i always say they are some of the most welcoming people in europe if you are a minority . 
  sweden recently passed the 10 million population mark !, 
  for more facts about sweden , please subscribe to sweden facts !, 
  yes , it is sad when people believe headlines and form their opinions about whole countries/cultures based on extraordinary news . 
  i often find on reddit people asking whether it is safe to visit paris/what are the chances of them getting raped ... and that makes me very sad . 
  on the other hand issues must be acknowledged and addressed ( and there are some ) . 
  until late i thought it would be only people outside europe thinking like this but last year someone in my extended family refused to go to paris because the airports there must be unsafe ( while in fact the roads in romania are much unsafer places ) . 
  but then i get questioned whether fridges exist in romanian households and i realize it is the ignorance combined with fear that is the most detrimental . 
  sweden has a high birth rate , one of the highest in the eu ( and that is not only attributed to immigrants , in fact it is attributed to the safety net sweden provides ) . 
  most immigrants are well integrated in the society , crime rate is n't up however you count the statistics . 
  but of course anything that does not subscribe to your world view is a cold-faced lie . 
  you live in your bubble . 
  and no , i am not a yippie yuppie liberal , i will acknowledge there are plenty of integration issues in western europe in general and most likely in sweden in particular as well . 
  and the public discourse is too pc too . 
  but you are delusional if you think sweden is not just as awesome as ever . 
  in fact it is more awesome than ever . 
  i agree . 
  but it is more to do with this line of thinking le pen - no no . 
  no , really , it is a clear no . 
  enough said fillon - pro russia , has a big scandal tied to its name and is the most likely to lose against le pen in the second round . 
  macron is none of the above two , at least no scandal reached the international media . 
  very few people know anything about melenchon and hamon to be honest as they are the 4th and 5th in the polls and there is just so much attention an average person gives to politics in another country . 
  hell , if you would ask who the french president is in romania or hungary i bet more than 50 % of the population could n't name hollande . 
  i often amuse myself at people outside of eu asking whether it is safe right now to walk in `` europe '' like it would be a cesspool of crime and terrorism while it is the safest continent by far . 
  same with sweden . 
  it was often portrayed as the liberal model and it is under constant attack from the alt-right . 
  however , there are issues in sweden and they need to be addressed , mocking the alt-right who exaggerates the issues is not enough ( although i love to do that ) . 
   btw , this is the same communication strategy russia ( and it 's trolls ) are using . 
  they say you ca n't prove something , thus it must be wrong . 
  to further add to this tactic , i recommend to read about this strategy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism nowadays i see it more and more , used in all spheres . 
  this answer is ... 
  i do n't know , i voted for you in the lack of a better alternative , but you have to figure this one out for yourself or you will become irrelevant as soon as you say `` ideology '', 
  internet hugs to you !, 
  it is important to emphasize what you did !, 
  however i feel some people have their head too deep in their own bubble to accept facts, 
  to me , it seems someone else likes that, 
  those are some very beautiful kettles !, 
  [ that 's in haiti ] ( http://www.citadellelaferriere.com/ ) i had to check , vegetation looked off for europe ... 
  i think this fort is slightly off-topic but i love it . 
  unlike most other castles posted today , [ leeds castle is inhabited ] ( http://www.everycastle.com/leeds-castle.html ) man , i wonder how it is to live in such a place . 
  sometimes words do n't come straight when they are written , it happens to me as well . 
  targetting that specific country of the poster might have equated his creed with that of its government . 
  it happens often in / r/europe and i thought it is the case here as well , but i was mistaken . 
  i love how offensive some people get on this sub to other users simply because of their flag . 
  always baffles me , 
  '' \u0160uto orizari in romania is the largest roma settlement in the world . '', 
  what ? 
  anyway , the article is a good read although biased , but it is an opinion piece about a book so that is fine . 
  clearly the issue is ignored and i think it is a very good observation that people can do anything to the roma as they have no agency to do anything against it . 
  every other minority ( being it ethic or sexual ) is better organized and can address its issues , but the roma are divided and politically they will not vote to the party that supports their issues ( if there would be any ) but to the one that gives them very tangible and very short term benefits . 
  if you do stop in oradea , pm me and i will treat you with a beer !, 
  will definitely include food for the next regions, 
  named like this because it was considered that it was the last time inmates saw venice before being executed but it seems [ this is just a legend . 
  ] ( http://bridgeofsighs.info/ ) lovely bridge !, 
  ermellek is a lot like the puszta in eastern hungary but with wine . 
  if you would have asked me how that wine tastes like one month ago i would have said `` horrible '' . 
  but on christmas i got to taste a wine from diosig and ... omg ... it was very good . 
  i drank hundreds of wines from dozens of countries and that wine i think was the second best ever . 
  so the climate/know-how is there . 
  unfortunately if you say diosig region or northern bihor region no one knows anything about the wines . 
  they lack marketing . 
  oh , and one liter of that wine was 15 or 17 lei ( less than 4 euros ) . 
  yes , suicide is dark and i know it very well . 
  imagine my family is from that village ( hence i know the stories ) and one uncle and a cousin also committed suicide . 
  glad you liked the pictures . 
  it is a beautiful place overall for those who love nature , organic food and a relaxed pace of life but it is not dynamic at all and infrastructure lacks as well . 
  i enjoyed all the series from italy hence i thought of doing one for romania ( and maybe hungary too in the future ) . 
  my favourites are kiskunfelegyhaza and hodmezovasarhely . 
  glad you loved my fun fact . 
  another fun fact from that village . 
  one day i woke up at my aunt 's place and it was my duty to take water from the communal fountain . 
  my aunt told me to not go to the nearest one as the corpse of a neighbour still hangs there . 
  another time my early childhood friend disappeared after breaking up with his gf . 
  three weeks later he was found in a fountain partly decomposed . 
  meanwhile people drank that water and used it for pickles etc. 
  yes , it is a very depressing village . 
  locals call it ujfalu only just as they say ladany only . 
  but that is true for budapest as well when i used to ask tickets at nyugati the clerk said to me ... one ticket to ujfalu with a stopover at ladany . 
  at first i did not understand what she meant . 
  but tbh , the whole alfold region is very boring . 
  i love hungary in the north ( lillafured , eger , tokaj region ) and the part that is west from the danube though . 
  i do n't know about bezbojnicul but i 've been .
