  we might as well just own up to it right now . 
  it 's probably our fault . 
  it 's the mafia . 
  where there 's a north/south divide in the us , england has pretty much the same thing butin reverse . 
  the south is seen as wealthier , more civilised etc and the north is the more backwards part . 
  i guess the most `` redneck '' part would be the north west . 
  yes . 
  they 're shit , but yes . 
  the german national rugby union team play in red . 
  i think it can be difficult to tell because people who genuinely believe stuff like that are n't hard to find . 
  why not send the canadians ? 
  it always just seems to get focused on whoever is new . 
  i did n't think it meant anything besides the fact that they 're on the baltic sea . 
  am i missing something ? 
  lithuania is the southernmost baltic state ... 
  the uk has a lot of pakistani , bangladeshi and sri lankan people too . 
  we tend to avoid referring to people as indian unless we actually know that they 're indian . 
  we used ` south asian ' as an easy catch-all which then became just ` asian ' for ease of use . 
  is it wrong though ? 
  you clearly knew what he meant , you 're just being difficult . 
  what theory ? 
  i just wanted to know whereabouts it was that you went . 
  what are you apologising for ? 
  and you think the uk * is * homogenous ? 
  we have rich and poor areas too . 
  what 's being compared here is the average . 
  you ca n't just exclude those at the bottom in order to improve your average . 
  confirmation bias . 
  where in kent ? 
  most places between dartford and medway are grim and full of chavs . 
  so is margate , but it 's improving . 
  ashford , maidstone , dover and canterbury are pretty normal . 
  the rest is just sleepy rural towns and villages . 
  that was just a joke, 
  can a place with 2,800 residents really be called a city ? 
  you 're making the assumption that the sort of people who would beat up poles are actually fine with pakistanis etc. 
  any brit would tell you that is n't true . 
  south asian people probably face even more abuse than poles do . 
  you wo n't see it on this sub though . 
  nobody here cares because the victims are n't european . 
  bangladeshis used to do that in the 70s and 80s . 
  most of the groups ended up turning to crime and causing trouble for the very community they originally aimed to protect . 
  that was a different expansion though . 
  uk , ireland and sweden put no restrictions on the 8 countries who joined in 2004 . 
  so have muslims . 
  only reason i 've ever thought about getting a gun is for sport . 
  i actually think that my area is much better today than it was a decade ago . 
  i like your username , 
  i bloody hope not . 
  the eu would probably still be ahead , but certainly not by that much . 
  edit : is this a controversial statement ? 
  we would n't have won 5 medals in hockey for example if we competed as eu , we 'd be limited to two . 
  the canoeing and rowing events have a limit of one competitor/team per country . 
  we 'd still be top but there 's no way we 'd have over 300 medals . 
  most sports have a limit on the number of athletes per country who can qualify . 
  grammar school in london here . 
  it was french and mandarin in year 7 . 
  then you could ditch mandarin for german in year 8 . 
  italian and spanish came in at gcse for which you had to do at least one language . 
  london as a whole is very diverse . 
  if you narrow it down a bit then areas become a bit more uniform . 
  south london probably has the most black people . 
  around woolwich/plumstead/thamesmead ( near where i live ) in the south east it 's mostly nigerians . 
  in the more central south it 's nigerian and caribbean people . 
  edit : [ these maps display it well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_london#ethnicity ), 
  if anyone in the uk has a reason to protest over police murder it would be the brazilians . 
  the original idea was that it 's ` black lives ( also ) matter ' but that 's since been lost now that the idiots , racists and professional victims have jumped onboard . 
  black people are n't common in europe ? 
  i 'm from south london and i do not relate to that statement one bit . 
  there 's a lot of eastern europeans ( possibly over a million ) in the uk and nearly all of them have arrived in the past 12 years . 
  a lot of people see them as a threat to jobs , which in some ways they actually are . 
  they 're generally more hard working than brits and they 'll accept lower wages . 
  i do n't even remember anyone claiming it was too hot to wear trousers . 
  you 'd only ever want to take them off during break times when you 're running about . 
  as long as you put trousers on for lessons there 's no problem , the classrooms were air-conditioned anyway . 
  the vast majority of schools do not have smart shorts as part of their uniform but i doubt most of them would be so strict on the rule that kids would end up protesting over it . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  it 's just one school which actually gave kids detention for wearing their pe shorts and caused them to protest , not the whole country . 
  my school never had smart shorts as part of the uniform either but it also never sent kids home for wearing their pe shorts . 
  it 's not `` in the uk '' it 's one school . 
  do n't drag me along with him . 
  people can say it 's just the fact that france has lots of muslims but the real answer is not quite as simple . 
  loads of european countries have high muslim populations , there 's not as many attacks because : 1 . 
  they are better integrated in society . 
  they are from less radical muslim nations and/or do n't have the backing of a major group like isis . 
  the police forces and secret services in these countries are better at catching them before they carry out an attack . 
  welcome to murdoch 's world . 
  i always support the home nations unless they 're playing england . 
  even though i ca n't trace back any relatives to outside of south london or north kent . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  they were temporary restrictions . 
  obviously language is a huge factor , especially for younger people and those who left poland after 2009 , but the fact that it was easier to get into the uk during the early years was a big impact . 
  once loads of them had already moved it made the uk an attractive destination even for those who did n't speak english , because many sizeable polish communities had already popped up . 
  what on earth gave you the impression i was blaming anything ? 
  someone said we had absolutely no control over polish migration because of the eu 's laws . 
  i told him that we were actually given the opportunity to have some control over it but we chose not to . 
  simple as that . 
  no underlying messages or implications , no opinions thrown in . 
  i was just stating a fact . 
  since i 'm now pretty much forced to bring my political opinion into it though , you should know that i 'm strongly against brexit and in favour of the free movement of labour .
