  the issue of muslims living in the west being radicalised to the point of carrying out attacks has only been around for 10-15 years . 
  most muslims living in the west from the 60s to the 90s were new immigrants who came here with the idea that the west is a better place to live than where they were . 
  they sought better employment and/or safety from conflict and political instability . 
  now we have the kids and grandkids of these immigrants growing up poor , being social outcasts , or suffering from mental health issues etc. 
  they have little real understanding of the realities of life under strict muslim rule in their parents ' home countries . 
  they 're manipulated by foreign-backed extremists into believing that western society is the cause of their troubles . 
  maybe they 're even just swayed by the fact that they 've finally found people who treat them well . 
  it 's the same sort of way people end up in street gangs , cults and neo-nazi groups . 
  i do n't know why you keep bringing up old examples from non-western countries when this whole conversation started purely on the discussion of western born/raised muslims . 
  yes the groups like al-qaeda and isis have only been confident enough to attack on our soil in recent years . 
  but that goes hand in hand with their attempts to spread their ideology here as well . 
  it 's not like they just went `` right , we 'll attack the west '' and then loads of covert western extremists suddenly popped up after patiently waiting for the chance to strike . 
  obviously there already were a few like-minded individuals , but the groups still had to increase support by funding extremist preachers and manipulating people online . 
  edit : also i still do n't get why you 're talking about muslims attacking the west hundreds of years ago . 
  this topic started on the discussion of western born/raised muslims only . 
  it 's obvious that various islamic groups have been waging holy wars and jihads for ages . 
  i do not deny this . 
  but you surely can not deny that in the last 10-15 years the saudi wahabbi ideology has had a huge impact on manipulating and radicalising muslims in the west . 
  on a level which has not been seen before . 
  in the uk we even have a not-insignificant number of extremists who came from christian or non-religious families . 
  germaine lindsey , michael adebowale , michael adebolajo , khalid masood ( aka philip ajao ) , royal barnes , ricardo mcfarlane and jordan horner . 
  all converts poisoned by the same doctrine used by al-qaeda and isis . 
  only after 2001 was this ever a concern on our home soil . 
  the issue is not that a certain proportion of muslims in the west are destined to be extremists . 
  as i 've already said , if that was the case then the attacks would have begun back in the 60s . 
  the issue is that groups like al qaeda and isis have managed to get the funding necessary to spread their poisonous ideology in our nations . 
  the percentage of muslims who support extremism in our country can be reduced by seeking out mosques which are funded by wahabbi backers and promoting the ones which preach good morals . 
  if i ask you to give an example to prove your point and you reply with something unrelated then i am definitely justified in telling you that your answer is n't good enough . 
  the percentage of western muslims who support extremism has increased in the last 10-15 years . 
  if this percentage can increase then it can decrease too . 
  removing all muslims is not our only option for removing extremism . 
  like i said . 
  not done in the name of islam as a punishment for non-believers . 
  munich was motivated by politics and nationalism . 
  i wo n't deny that religion had an influence in it , but it was not the main factor . 
  please show me any significant examples of islamic fundamentalists carrying out attacks in europe prior to 9/11 . 
  and i 'm not talking politically or nationalistically motivated attacks which happened to be perpetrated by muslims . 
  i mean terrorist attacks carried out purely for the fact that the victims are not muslim . 
  the tories even made an investigation into foreign funding of extremism but now they 're not planning on releasing the report because it turned out that saudi arabia were implicated too much . 
  muslims have been in the uk , france and germany etc in large numbers since the 60s , but islamic fundamentalism has only been an issue in the past decade . 
  do n't you know what site you 're on ? 
  before that he said :  you can drive all around schengen, 
  have n't they been dropping for a while now though ? 
  you could never get into the uk without a passport or id . 
  it 's not part of the schengen area . 
   all around schengen, 
  that 's exactly what they said they 'd do . 
  35 % of the votes that is . 
  she got 23.5 % of the eligible population . 
  yeah the tories have won back most of their voters , but at what cost ? 
  that would be the lib dems , and i reckon they 'll pick up quite a few more votes this time around . 
  they 're the only major party who 've been openly against brexit . 
  he deleted his comment , i wonder if that was after it turned out that the perpetrator was a white brit . 
  yep , ca n't believe i forgot them . 
  what kind of rap are you looking for ? 
  wiley , skepta , stormzy , jme , lethal bizzle , flowdan , p money , jammz , eyez , lady leshurr , nadia rose , devilman , chip , ghetts , kano , bugzy malone , frisco , giggs , devlin , dave , aj tracey , k koke , nines . 
  most of those span more than one genre but i 've tried to basically put them in order from grime to ` road rap ' . 
  there 's also the more comercial/pop rappers like tinie tempah , dizzee rascal , tinchy stryder , krept and konan , professor green and wretch 32 . 
  but they 've all obviously got their more niche songs too . 
  then there 's the hip hop scene , most famously the high focus record label with guys like dirty dike , jam baxter , ocean wisdom , verb t , leaf dog , fliptrix and bva ( those last four also rap together as the four owls ) . 
  then there 's also akala , lowkey , mic righteous . 
  some of the older hip hop artists include jehst , roots manuva , klashnekoff , kyza , braintax , task force , aspects , benny diction and skinnyman . 
  then you can go really oldschool , back to the late 80s and early 90s with groups like london posse , caveman , hijack , demon boyz , p brothers , blade , hearts of darkness etc. 
  there 's also a lot of guys rapping over drum and bass or jungle beats which i do n't know enough about to comment on . 
  same goes for the uk drill scene , i only really know about section boyz and 67 . 
  my nan makes plum and quince jam too . 
  not many people seem to even know what quince is . 
  ska 's so good it got listed twice, 
  where do i begin ? 
  that 's just how you view it , that does n't make it right . 
  they are literally four different countries . 
  if england wins it is a victory for england , not for the uk . 
  in fact , many people from the other home countries actively route against england 's success . 
  but england , scotland , wales and n.ireland are separate countries , not just different regions of one country . 
  i have never supported a team in the same way i support england . 
  if any of the other three were playing austria i 'd quite like to see them do well ( provided it would n't negatively affect england ) but that 's it , nothing more . 
  the olympic team is actually `` great britain and northern ireland '' but people usually shorten it, 
  louder up north compared to london ? 
  what type of northerners exactly ? 
  cos cockneys are fuckin loud . 
  only the train drivers, 
  because most london buses have the exit doors in the middle . 
  some single deckers only have one set of doors so most will say thanks when getting off those . 
  otherwise you have to shout down to the driver . 
  strangely enough i noticed the opposite of this on a train from london to taunton . 
  there was an english guy with a spanish wife talking to his in-laws in ( i assume ) broken spanish . 
  they were so quiet it was like he was just talking to himself for the whole time . 
  irish travellers in the uk are a mixed bag . 
  some are pretty normal people , might even live in houses . 
  my cousin 's best friend is from a traveller family and i did n't even know until recently . 
  some really do try their best to live up to the stereotypes . 
  there 's a traveller camp near me in north kent . 
  locals do n't even drive down the country road it 's on because the kids throw stuff at cars for fun and apparently they 've been known to set up roadblocks in order to rob people . 
  i do n't think i 've ever known of any traditional roma gypsies in the uk . 
  they all seem to have come over in recent years . 
  most of them seem to be panhandlers and petty thieves . 
  cycling and rowing are easily our most successful . 
  saw quite a lot in budapest too . 
  nuttall probably would have won stoke if he had n't been such a tool . 
  england definitely needs its own anthem like scotland and wales have .
