  i 'm not saying there are n't any elsewhere but there are lots in these three countries because for quite some time it was much easier for people to move to them . 
  where 's the source on poles in the uk getting burned out of their homes ? 
  the stuff that 's going on over here is bad enough as it is , we do n't need you making shit up . 
  i do n't get what the point of your comment is anyway , if not just to brag . 
  i was simply countering the claim that we had no ability to control the migration of polish people . 
  i reckon it would help a ton here in the uk anyway . 
  those sorts of people would n't be able to tell that you 're of polish ethnicity if you spoke with a british accent . 
  if they found out you 'd probably get `` well , i do n't mean you/your dad/your grandad of course . '', 
  because this xenophobia is routed in the idea of poles stealing our jobs . 
  it is quite amusing that when most bigots are confronted with people who do n't fit their stereotype they 'll just add these people to an ever growing list of exceptions . 
  rather than accepting that their world view may actually be out of touch with reality . 
  i bet as a 3rd gen pole most of them are n't even aware of your heritage . 
  i assume you have a french accent , no ? 
  the reason there are so many poles in the uk is because the uk , ireland and sweden were the only countries in the eu who chose not to put temporary restrictions on the amount who would be allowed to enter . 
  it 's possible . 
  david cameron said he wo n't be the one to pull us out and his successor will have to do it . 
  now it seems like neither boris nor gove want to be that man . 
  they 've both talked about holding off on article 50 ` for now ' and entering into informal negotiations . 
  i think it 's even likely they never actually expected leave to win , they just wanted to be able to attract anti-eu voters away from ukip in the future by saying `` hey , i was on your side earlier '', 
  i 'm pretty sure they know it will never happen , but they 're expressing their anger towards the fact that the rest of the country has dragged them out of the eu . 
  brits making jokes may not actually be serious at all . 
  there is definitely some xenophobia against the poles in the same way that there is against mexicans in the us . 
  but that does n't mean that anyone who makes a joke about them is bigoted . 
  ukraine ... 
  really ? 
  1 in 7 of england 's population live in greater london but 1 in 5 live in london 's metropolitan area . 
  i 've never known cromwell as a hero . 
  i did n't always know about the shit he did in ireland but i did know him as a ruthless and extreme puritan . 
  i agree that the rest of nato needs to up its effort , but trump needs to realise that the us is n't doing most of the heavy lifting purely out of kindness . 
  the us 's involvement in nato allows it to maintain a certain level of geopolitical control over europe . 
  best example of this is happening right now in gambia . 
  but that only accounts for 1/8th of the fiesta 's lifespan so far . 
  is n't the fiesta made by the european branch of ford ? 
  just like the escort and the focus . 
  well he said exactly that to the other person who replied to him so yeah i am . 
  he 's saying that 's where they go to buy it , not that it was invented there . 
  you know what i mean though ... 
  i 'm talking about the murder of jo cox , the attempted beheading of a south asian dentist in north wales , the firebombing attack after brexit . 
  maybe also the post-brexit assaults , though they 'd probably just count as hate crimes . 
  before you hop onto the terrorism angle , people are actually mentioning that the gun in those pictures is a replica . 
  never mind the fact that in the last decade here far-right terrorism has been pretty much just as deadly as islamic terrorism . 
  each side has lead to one death and a few attempted murders . 
  well , the people who were living in those first three before the europeans arrived did n't exactly prosper . 
  probably the same reason why the uk has had so few of them . 
  do n't forget that the uk has lots of first and second generation immigrants who can still speak their mother tongue . 
  i only know two people my age who * learnt * how to speak another language fluently . 
  however , i know countless amounts of people who grew up speaking another language at home . 
  it rains often here but rarely rains heavily . 
  definitely paranoid . 
  history would indicate that that you need to be more wary of buses , bins and parked cars . 
  even then , london has n't had a major attack ( multiple deaths ) in over a decade . 
  or spaniards . 
  dear god , it 's like spain has coordinated to send its most obnoxious and annoying kids on school trips to london as revenge for all the drunken brits swarming their tourist destinations . 
  and apple too . 
  happened a while ago actually . 
  your comment made me hope they were still being sold in ireland , i was about to book a flight, 
  how can one man be so wrong, 
  did n't they discontinue it ? 
  they 're great looking pictures but they do n't showcase earthporn very well . 
  it somehow turned from `` paramedics do n't go there without police '' to `` police are scared to go there and native swedes all get beaten/raped '', 
  because these are n't refugees . 
  in this case it refers to being dragged to the place of execution by a horse . 
  the us is clearly becoming less and less dependable . 
  if the eu wants to be top dog in global geo-politics we need to stop relying on us military protection . 
  the troubles in the middle east have already affected germany greatly anyway . 
  trying to point the finger and say `` they started it '' wo n't solve the issue . 
  what about the murder of jo cox ? 
  a former senior met officer outright said it on national tv . 
  lots of surveillance is done by ordinary cid police . 
  also local police are important for keeping eyes on the low risk suspects and gathering basic intel from the community . 
  https://youtu.be/lvjydsl5j1u obviously this ca n't prevent all attacks , especially when some of them require next to no planning . 
  but it will help to make sure suspects do n't fall through the cracks , because at the moment the police can not keep eyes on them all . 
  as far as i know , there is nothing illegal about expressing neo-nazi views . 
  you can be arrested for inciting hatred or violence but it 's a murky and inconsistent area . 
  one guy got arrested over a joke involving making his dog do a nazi salute . 
  one of these jihadis got arrested for making jokes about the murder of lee rigby . 
  but people on both sides have seemingly got away with worse in the past . 
  and ukip, 
  i 'm looking through my comments and i do n't think i ever claimed that nobody bought into those ideals prior to 9/11 . 
  i 've only said that the proportion of people doing so increased afterwards . 
  and fundamentalism only ever became a problem in the west afterwards as well . 
  i do n't really disagree with any of that , but i 'm not sure if that 's still meant to dispute my original claim that fundamental islamism has only been an issue in the west in the last 15 years . 
  obviously we have no way of knowing their opinions on these matters for certain , but i think it 's safe to assume that very few of them actively hated western ideals . 
  people often do have trouble changing their ways or understanding things from other perspectives . 
  i think that because of this , both sides contributed to problems with a lack of integration among immigrants in the west . 
  however , like you said , why move here if you hate it ? 
  also , as is proven by attacks like the one yesterday , you do n't really need a lot of funding to cause damage . 
  if they really hated our society as much as some do today they could just as easily have carried out attacks . 
  in fact ( in the uk , at least ) guns were easier to get hold of back then . 
  the quran is heavy on the `` kill non-believers '' stuff , but not everyone interprets religion the same way . 
  the bible is heavy on the `` homosexuality is a sin '' thing and yet christians vary massively on their stances regarding that . 
  and of course again , those who choose to come to the west are unlikely to have too many issues with christians or atheists . 
  based on personal experiences , it seems that 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants fall on two completely separate sides . 
  there is a struggle to find acceptance in society for people whose upbringing straddles two very different cultures . 
  often they just fully immerse themselves in one side . 
  some pretty much become british in all but skin colour . 
  some double down on their religious/ethnic identity and stick to their immigrant community . 
  maybe they feel like racism/prejudice from white brits prevents them from ever being able fully assimilate anyway , so why bother trying ? 
  my point is that for 30-40 years those that did live here did not attack us . 
  only foreigners did .
