my friend 's room at kent uni last year looked right out onto the castle , it was a great view . 
  they 've always been here . 
  look at [ charles sabini ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_sabini ) . 
  they just are n't as influential as they are in new york , boston etc. 
  few people actually have a car . 
  those who do are not too likely to need to come off the decent roads . 
  but the crappy bogged down roads are n't exactly out in the middle of nowhere . 
  one of them we travelled on was a main road which connected quite a few towns up to the countries largest city . 
  i was in a big group so half the time we were able to just about get by with a mini bus and a local driver , the other times we had to use something like [ this ] ( http://cache.graphicslib.viator.com/graphicslib/media/12/monster-mega-truck-safari-photo_5637650-fit468x296.jpg ), 
  when i went to gambia they had only a handful of tarmac roads which were never more than single carriageways covered in pot holes . 
  any road which doesnt directly go to a tourist hotel is made out of dirt and becomes almost undriveable whenever it rains . 
  apparently a lot of people have travelled to syria to fight assad and later found out that they 'll be doing it for isis . 
  i 'm glad you said that westminster needs to stop ignoring the issues outside of london rather than just mentioning scotland . 
  i think quite a few of the yes campaigners came across as pretty selfish by acting as if it was just them who were being ignored . 
  i was also always confused by the talks about oil . 
  sure , you could use it and there could actually be a lot more there than the scientists are estimating . 
  the thing is , when you 're saying that your campaign is interested in getting what 's best for scotland 's future generations , do you really want to be so reliant on fossil fuels ? 
  even the gulf states are setting up other potential future means of income because they know that oil is not sustainable . 
  hopefully . 
  i live in london so this lack of devolution does n't affect me as much as it affects others but i do n't like the fact that westminster seems to control so much . 
  the one thing i hated about the scottish independence debate was hearing yes campaigners talking as if english people are trying to dictate them and are holding them back . 
  scotland is better off than pretty much everywhere else in the uk besides london and the south east . 
  jeez ... well , thank you internet stranger for your dedication to the cause . 
  it 's taken so long !, 
  and all that glitters is gold, 
  and all that glitters is gold, 
  get the show on, 
  hey now, 
  get your game on, 
  hey now, 
  you 'll never know if you do n't go, 
  so much to do so much to see, 
  did n't make sense not to live for fun, 
  well , the years start coming and they do n't stop coming, 
  i could use a little fuel myself, 
  shit i messed it up !, 
  i need to get myself away from this place, 
  only shooting stars break the mold, 
  you 're a rockstar, 
  go play !, 
  you 're an all star, 
  only shooting stars break the mold, 
  you 're a rockstar, 
  go play, 
  you 're an all star, 
  that 's the way i like it and i 'll never get bored . 
  the waters getting warm so we might as well swim, 
  do n't have cod then , it 's only always been popular because its cheap , just get rock or skate like i do . 
  judging by the hole in the satelite picture, 
  you 're bundled up now but wait 'til you get older, 
  only shooting stars break the moooooowoooollld ... 
  i think it 's because french cuisine is the most similar to our own , particularly with dishes from the north of france . 
  we both have a fondness of casseroles . 
  lancashire hot-pot is pretty similar to ratatouille but with vegetables which are more common in the colder and wetter climates of northern england rather than those grown in occitania . 
  the only time i 've ever used vinegar on a salad was as part of a french or italian style vinaigrette . 
  it 's like fruitcake , i do n't like it but many people do . 
  it 's viewed as a working class dish though , so a lot of people turn their noses up at it . 
  all of what you 've said is entirely subjective and based on how one cooks said ingredients . 
  it definitely does , but i think a larger proportion of london 's restaurants sell non-native foods . 
  you 're a rockstar, 
  i see mp5s and g36cs quite regularly in london . 
  at first it was intimidating but i feel glad that they 're there now . 
  i think it was something like 83 % of police say that they do not want to be regularly armed , they believe it would make things worse . 
  not only would it make them seem like enforcers of the law rather than preservers of the peace , but they believe it would cause an arms race between them and criminals . 
  neither of lee rigby 's killers were killed by the police , they were both shot but both survived and were given absolute life sentences . 
  it 's pretty hard for the average criminal to get a gun here , you 're right about that . 
  however , i think you 'd be surprised at how easy it is to get a gun in cities like london , birmingham , manchester , liverpool and glasgow . 
  obviously you ca n't just go and buy them in a shop ( although there is actually a gun shop on my local high street ) but there will always be a people on estates who are selling guns which were smuggled in by eastern europeans . 
  you likely do n't work a job where the opportunity or rather , need to shoot someone can arise . 
  we are n't really giving the police high fives as much as we are admiring how our society is safe enough and our police force admire the value of human life enough to not gun someone down on the street . 
  of course not everyone views it that way , but if they do n't then they would be misinformed and not worth the time . 
  as this year is the 100 year anniversary of ww1 's beginning , there 's been a ton of documentaries on it . 
  most of them talked about things like the poor treatment of ptsd sufferers and the trench warfare tactics such as forcing men to climb out and charge across no man 's land . 
  cologne and dresden would like to have a word with you . 
  as would all the people who ran * towards * the americans and brits as berlin fell because they were so terrified of the russians ( who had marched through poland and east germany raping , murdering and pillaging . ), 
  there are people in this country who would n't be able to tell you what happened to coventry in the war , or what is so significant about passchendaele and ypres ( they might recognise the name though ) . 
  they most certainly are the sort of people who would let what they hear in history lessons go in one ear and right back out of the other ear . 
  i 've never thought that the way we remember the dead of ww1 had anything to do with viewing them as heroes . 
  certain people are heroes because of certain heroic actions but on the whole , it 's just about making sure we do n't forget about the fact that these people died so tragically . 
  there is definitely a general view towards ww1 that it was very pointless and no side truly came out as victors . 
  did i say it was dead certain that they did it ? 
  no , but the evidence is pointing towards it . 
  yeah i did hear that the plane these guys were looking for was expected to fly over the area at that time but it was diverted because the rebels had only recently taken down some fighter jets in the same place . 
  mh17 ( as well as a number of other flights before and shortly after ) was not told to divert . 
  look at the post near the top of [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2ayjwz/malaysian_plane_crashes_over_the_ukraine/ ) by / u/slezyr and the top reply from / u / _ ayli _ we know that they captured buk systems before and proudly announced it on twitter ( they 've now deleted those posts ) . 
  we know that their leader boasted on twitter about taking down a ukranian army transport plane ( which he also then deleted once they realised it was actually a commercial flight ) . 
  we also have radio chatter of them talking about having just taken it down and later investigating the crash site and finding out that it 's a civilian plane . 
  the local rivalries are the best things about club football . 
  just look at celtic vs rangers , arsenal vs tottenham , galatasaray vs fenerbahce , milan vs inter , cska moscow vs spartak moscow , olympiakos vs panathinaikos . 
  some of these are more about tough banter and ribbing each other but some are scarily fierce and unfortunately sometimes violent . 
  enyeama vs france, 
  with a better league structure you would see a number of other clubs begin to pop up . 
  a city as big as chicago would easily have at least 3 different clubs . 
  portugal were shit . 
  the world 's most murderous nation is central american, 
  if it was their favourite sport their combination of a high population and lots of money to invest in grassroots infrastructure would make them the most dominant team ever . 
  maybe it 's for the greater good, 
  whuh ? 
  that 's annoying . 
  i 'd like to see the difference between london , the south west , west midlands and north west .
