  land of hope and glory is another option . 
  my grandad was born in 1941 but he reckons he has memories of hiding in air raid shelters . 
  he 's pretty xenophobic and is very anti-eu but he does know a fair bit of german and does n't seem to hold any grudges . 
  most of his rants are directed at immigration , tories , the monarchy and uber ( he used to be a black cab driver ) . 
  my great-great aunt died last year at 92 . 
  no surprise to say she had a few close calls with bombing raids considering she lived in south east london . 
  i never really had an opportunity to talk to her about the war though , she had dementia for most of my life . 
  i know her husband served in north africa . 
  mulled cider over beer any time . 
  i 'd say scouse is the most weird funny but west country is the most comical funny . 
  londoner here , it 's a roll unless it 's got a burger in it , then it 's a bun . 
  butty is also acceptable . 
  the ` t ' sound is made with your tongue pressed against the back of your upper front teeth , for ` th ' it needs to be underneath them almost like you 're about to bite off the tip of it . 
  having said that , using ` f ' is fine . 
  loads of people in london and the south east tend to use ` f ' instead of ` th ' , including me . 
  you probably know as much as the average brit does . 
  did you read the second paragraph of his comment ? 
  essex is mostly a ukip stronghold , unless he lives somewhere else now i doubt they 've got zero chance of winning his constituency . 
  are you saying that av * would n't * have killed babies ? 
  it 's funny that of all the places , he picked woolwich . 
  i can only assume it was because of the lee rigby murder . 
  the reality is that it 's known as more of a nigerian neighbourhood than a ` muslim ' one . 
  there 's quite a lot of nepalese people in the area too . 
  there is a mosque there , but there 's also a sikh temple and multiple churches . 
  if he 'd had the faintest idea of what he was talking about he would have picked somewhere in east london like bethnal green , but even then he would 've still been wrong . 
  i 've had whole weeks where i literally never saw daylight because i was working somewhere without windows . 
  well we all are , we are all britons , and i am your king . 
  anjem choudary is from london though . 
  coincidentally the same part of london which was also once home to the bnp 's `` hq '', 
  maybe he was n't deciding , maybe he just knew what the proper english term is . 
  english here . 
  he 's right , it 's czech not czechian . 
  london , excluding stuff which melted right away , it would have been at least 4 years ago . 
  i ca n't reallly remember . 
  are you mistaking move on from the past with forget the past ? 
  all i 'm advocating for is a closer friendship between britain and ireland , not to make up for what has been done but to prove that it 'll never happen again . 
  all of my grandparents and aunts/uncles live around south east london and north west kent . 
  however i have relatives in north wales , toronto , brisbane and melbourne . 
  i 'd be up for it if you guys would . 
  what 's done is done , let 's move on from the past . 
  if anyone actually wants the real answer it 's auld lang syne . 
  wow , you need to take a chill pill mate . 
  yeah that 's exactly what british immigrants do in spain and portugal . 
  well it 's not exactly much of a detour . 
  you can easily pop by , take a few pics and move on . 
  i would have said the cotswolds . 
  i was only there for a few days in the lead up to the ireland v italy game in this year 's euros . 
  there just was n't really anything to do there . 
  in fact kortrijk and bruges are only on my list because we got so bored of lille . 
  i 've shot clays before , i 'm pretty good at it . 
  guns do n't scare me at all , but i do n't see why people get so obsessed over them . 
  i think the uk 's rules regarding guns are great . 
  shotguns and rifles are really the only weapons with a proper purpose ( for civilians ) and you should certainly have to prove that you 've got a valid reason for owning one . 
  i think it matters more which cities/towns you 've been to . 
  my list is barcelona , malaga , seville , naples/sorrento , milan , venice , paris , lille , kortijk , bruges , amsterdam , berlin , cologne , aachen , basel , vienna , innsbruck , prague , budapest . 
  i 'd like to do some in the balkans and scandinavia next . 
  my least favourite is lille . 
  i 'd imagine that india and indonesia would be in no way as unified as they are now if the brits and the dutch had n't colonised them . 
  yeah for london it 's either out in the home counties ( especially surrey ) or in inner west london ( kensington , chelsea , knightsbridge ) . 
  there are a few other rich spots dotted around outside of west london too . 
  near me that would be greenwich park/blackheath . 
  as i said in my comment i based that on the fact that i 've seen non-white edl members . 
  not in person by the way , but in videos that they 've made . 
  there are black and south asian members who stress that the edl is just about opposing radical islam and not about hating anyone who is n't white-british . 
  to be accepted by nationalists ? 
  in descending order of importance : * hold nationalist ideals . 
  * speak with a british accent . 
  * be born in the uk or raised here from an early age . 
  * be white . 
  i only put them in that order because i 've seen non-white members of the edl . 
  i think almost all nationalists will dislike you from the get-go if you 're not white . 
  however they 'll put you into the category of `` one of the good ones '' if you show them that you fit the other three criteria . 
  in my house the presents from father christmas always came in a giant stocking left outside our bedrooms . 
  the ones under the tree were from family . 
  same here , many languages spoken by random people on the street or by classmates/co-workers when they 're talking to family . 
  scots will always be british , even if they leave the united kingdom . 
  however , it was a joke about the `` he 's british when he wins and scottish when he loses '' thing . 
  i think he 's british at the moment , not scottish . 
  do they actually not go there at all or do they wait for police to go with them ? 
  i 've never heard of the former happening , not even in northern ireland . 
  i also live near areas like this in london . 
  he asked about places where police do n't go , not paramedics . 
  yeah but it 's not as bad as the others where there is n't really even an alternative at all . 
  ball breaking/busting is a thing in english and refers more to someone nagging another person constantly `` my wife is really busting my balls about getting that shelf fixed . '', 
  also some people in the uk will use ` scrote ' ( short for scrotum ) as a way to call someone an idiot . 
  the english for gezin would be immediate family . 
  or liverpool , manchester , edinburgh , bath , windsor , oxford , cambridge , canterbury , york , chester , the lake district , peak district , the yorkshire dales , brecon beacons , cornwall , scottish highlands . 
  it 's the channel tunnel . 
  chunnel is stupid and needs to die . 
  i go go through lemonade like no other . 
  i do n't really drink coffee either . 
  err , i mean i drink it all the time !, 
  at least three mugs a day . 
  no need to lock me up in the tower of london * at all * . 
  i do n't drink tea . 
  it 's not that i do n't like it , i just do n't bother . 
  if you 're ever in kent you 've got ta try a gypsy tart . 
  yeah i know they 're not austrian , but that was the sort of stuff they had on the menu . 
  it was definitely in a tourist area but i believe the menu was in german . 
  it was serving stuff like currywurst , mini bratwursts and schnitzel though .
