  most of us have different views from our parents , i do n't think that 's a north/south thing but a generational thing . 
  perhaps it 's actually a combination of the two but i can definitely see an age pattern amongst my social circles . 
  ( london and kent ), 
  it 's ok to feel bitter about something you had little control over not working out the way you wanted . 
  it 's not a demand or an ultimatum . 
   famed domestic cuisine our domestic cuisine is wonderful if you like many , many varying combinations of meat and potatoes . 
  of course they exist , but they are n't accessible . 
  why do you think london police are more concerned about knife and acid attacks ? 
  i did n't say it excused it , was just trying to help explain it . 
  others have added some better points . 
  in fairness , the reason american police always overreact is because guns are legal and ubiquitous . 
  the environment you operate in does change your behaviour . 
  just have a look at the thread , it was a rough one . 
  you do n't need to go over anything cause i 've already had more respectful and helpful commentators clarify the exact differences . 
  [ the last time the queen refused royal ascent was 1707 ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/bbc_parliament/2327561.stm ) . 
  she ca n't use her power of veto was my point . 
  i was asking for clarification , i was trying to not make assumptions . 
  because of a direct comparison to our royal family . 
   president is ( very loosely ) equivalent to the queen , pm is equivalent with the pm , though in other countries the president is far more active in the running of the country than the queen though . 
  it 's not that unreasonable that in another system a president might be hereditary . 
  president is just a title , it does n't mean anything except in the context of a specific legal framework . 
  in fact there are many systems where a president is hereditary , more often than not they are despotic dictatorships but it happens . 
  for the record , i do know about other potential systems but i 'm not dissatisfied with the fact that we only have a pm and not both a pm and a president . 
  the goals of our systems are largely similar we just have a different power structure , i 'm more concerned about our stupid voting system . 
  if we were going to change then i might become more interested . 
  it 's really not though . 
  the royal family only has soft power , the queen for instance is not allowed to back any kind of political party or support any kind of bill and using her veto ( refusing to give a bill royal ascent ) would cause a massive shitstorm . 
  it would take some kind of monarchist revolution ( there are still monarchists in this country ) for her to be given real power . 
  her power comes from the fact that she can talk to her ministers and that the public generally like her . 
  she even has to be careful of that , prince charles was recently slated by the media and the public for private letters to mps . 
  theoretically , it 's similar but the situation where she actually uses her hard power is extremely unlikely as it stands . 
  to give you an idea , the royals [ borrow their land from parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crown_land ) . 
  what do you think would happen to that land if they seriously opposed them ? 
  well best of luck to you guys . 
  just got to hope they do n't use the referendum to try and push through some extra bullshit . 
  i do n't really care about the downvotes . 
  some people have been quite unreasonable to me in comments though . 
  i 'm educated just fine thanks . 
  maybe it was a bit silly in retrospect but the reason i said it was that i had people drawing equivalency between presidents and the queen , which was confusing and as i understand it now , very inaccurate . 
  we do n't have an equivalent here . 
  i 'd like to see some of the downvoters try and explain our system off the top of their head and not say something stupid . 
  it 's actually been quite fun and interesting . 
  i got a lot of comments and have experienced the full gamut of reddit commenter , from the reactionary to the reasonable to the helpful . 
  also i now know how this all works . 
  so i wo n't be making the same mistake anytime soon !, 
   however , it can backfire horribly , as chirac did it once , completely lost his majority and had to deal with a left-wing pm . 
  similar to theresa may , i 'm still laughing about that one . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  the information is not very relevant to me . 
  is it really so unreasonable that i did n't understand the power structure of a political system so different from the one i live in ? 
  that might be a fair thing to say in this instance yes . 
  this is the first comment in this thread that actually made me laugh , what on earth makes you say that ? 
  do you think i support any of that ? 
  seriously ? 
  it 's how reddit works , it 's easy to dismiss someone and voting tends to snowball , quite often you 'll get people going to the bottom of the thread just to find the juicy stupid or outrageous comments and then adding to the shit storm . 
  first time it 's ever been me that 's the target of that though . 
  most of the people on here are calling me an idiot and apparently my ignorance of this particular subject makes me a `` dense motherfucker '' according to one comment . 
  well it 's a bad joke then . 
  oh , ok i did n't know that . 
  thanks . 
  because cromwell . 
  he overthrew the monarchy and installed himself as the lord protector , which is basically king in everything but name . 
  his son richard took over but parliament forced him to resign because he did n't have any power base in the army or friends in parliament . 
  parliament then reinstated the monarchy with much more limited power because they were popular with the common people . 
  today , elizabeth ii could technically refuse to sign bills by parliament but it probably would n't work out very well for her . 
  ok cool . 
  someone else provided me with a wiki article but you put it much more succinctly . 
  if we take the example of france , since it was one of the original modern republics , what kind of power does marcon have that makes him more powerful than the parliament . 
  power of veto ? 
  quite a big difference actually if you 're from one of those countries . 
  we do n't generally call ourselves british when asked where we 're from . 
  though , i do admit it 's not that relevant to the `` discussion '' here . 
  well i do n't live in a republic do i you fucking knobend ? 
  i oh so sorry for not knowing the particulars of a republic system , it was the prime minister that was confusing me because i thought they were a thing that parliamentary systems has . 
  seriously , fuck you . 
  i 'm 30 . 
  to be honest , i 've never needed to know . 
  i 'm perfectly well educated but in school we tend to learn about our own country , rather than various political systems around the world . 
  i knew the france had a president , for instance but i did n't understand his role and nor did i really care enough to check , i was just curious because i wanted to understand the political situation in the op . 
  i 'm not 20 , i 'm 30 . 
  yes thanks , i 've been ... thoroughly educated on the subject at this point . 
  i just did n't really know how the systems work in other countries , never questioned it . 
  well i 'd rather be an idiot than an asshole . 
  thank you , i 'll give it a read . 
  i did n't say that ... 
  we have as constitution , as i understand it the magna carta forms the basis of it and then there 's a framework of laws and rulings built on top of it . 
  but you are correct , there 's not one document you can point to and claim it makes up the uks constitution . 
  we are an old and messy country ( ies ) . 
  as for what we were taught in school , i never did politics or law as a subject but at a basic level we learn about the magna carta in history and humanities ( i do n't know if that 's still a subject ) and the treaties that led to us being four countries in one country . 
  also how we ended up still having a queen . 
  like i said , it 's messy . 
  yes and i do n't understand why people are being so confrontational about it . 
  it 's a simple question . 
  also we 're 4 countries under one government . 
  a democratic monarchy ? 
  not a republic for sure but that 's not the reason everything is going to hell . 
  thank you for a proper response . 
  i take it the president is n't a hereditary position ? 
  who does nothing except what she is told . 
  theoretically she could deny a bill royal ascent but it 's not going to happen .
