i suggest you watch this video to find out the issues with that . 
   removed - lacking credible source i 'll have you know , thedailymash is where we get most of our politics from on / r/ukpolitics . 
  we did n't elect farage and johnson was only the mayor of london until recently when the unelected thersa may took over . 
  because my original comment has nothing to do with iraq . 
  it 's to do with the way public attitudes changed after the september 11 attacks and the more recent terror attacks . 
  i 'm saying that those attacks increase public support for more right wing sentiment . 
  9/11 was the trigger that threatened peoples feeling of security and as a result shifted peoples attitudes and their willingness to cooperate or try to understand outsiders . 
  the second gulf war would have been a much harder sell without that . 
  also i hate to burst your bubble but salafi jihadism has been around for a while before that . 
  wars that were sold to the public on the back of which event ? 
  i do n't disagree . 
  may not be the only cause for people taking more and more extreme positions but i 'd say it 's hard to argue that it 's not a major contributor to it . 
   it acted more like a trigger for irrational resentments that slept for a while . 
  that 's kind of what i was implying . 
  thanks militant islam , you have not only succeeded in fucking up your own countries but all of ours as well . 
  it 's not like you 're doing yourselves any favours , considering your tourism website is holland.com, 
  thats not how law works , if i say `` i am a member of isis and i plan to carry out an attack on the citizens of slovakia '' and i get arrested and then i plead not guilty , i still get to defend myself because that 's how it works in a western democracy . 
  there are different levels of certainty in law and beyond reasonable doubt is an important one as it 's how we get convictions to stick . 
  `` everyone knows it '' or even common sense is not a high enough standard in a fair legal system . 
  because that standard is where the legal system gets its authority in the eyes of the general public . 
  i 'm curious , do you have any examples ? 
  if secondary level education is all that 's required , uk should be much higher . 
  i do n't think that 's what this chart shows . 
  i feel the same way about david cameron . 
  he does n't align with me at all but i feel like he was at least somewhat savvy . 
  now it looks like a slugging match between corbyn and may which makes me want to cry . 
  you realise you just said german jew 's were complicit in the nazis rise to power ? 
  if you 're talking about local mps there are way better pr systems that still allow for that . 
  even so , the idea that people vote for thier local mps in a general election is a joke , they vote tactically to ensure thier party holds a majority . 
  in a constituency like mine , there 's literally no point in me voting for my mp because i live in an safe - seat ( all opposition is crushed 5-1 ) and if you do n't get a majority , your vote is forgotten about . 
  it 's extremely disenfranchising . 
  i did n't say the decision should be ignored , you said it 's the responsibility of the filipinos for voting him in , which is not fair because a great number of them probably hate him . 
  so by your logic , i and the other 48 % who voted remain are supposed to `` take responsibility '' for the decision of 33,332,000 other people . 
  no , that 's thier responsibility and all i can do is hope that they were right in the end . 
  most people did n't vote for him . 
  just like almost 50 % of us did n't vote brexit and 63 % of us did n't vote conservative . 
  i 'm guessing they have a dumb voting system like us . 
  i 'd be careful about calling britain tiny . 
  we always punch above our weight and our weight is no laughing matter in the first place . 
  well as an englishman i find french really hard to pronounce properly , much more so than spanish . 
  i can see certain types of people getting annoyed at how badly it 's butchered . 
  i get that but it 's not like foreigners are completely incapable of surviving in japan . 
  i lived there for a while myself , i understand the implications . 
  it 's true japan ca n't invalidate an english citizenship . 
  they can invalidate the japanese one though . 
   a japanese national is assumed to have renounced their nationality upon naturalization in any foreign country . 
  [ 3 ] [ 7 ]  under the revisions made to the nationality law in 1985 , articles 14 and 15 require any person who holds multiple citizenship to make a `` declaration of choice '' between the ages of 20 and 22 , in which they choose to renounce either their japanese nationality or their foreign citizenship ( s ) . 
  failure to do so entitles the minister of justice to demand a declaration of choice at any time . 
  if the required declaration is not made within one month , their japanese nationality is automatically revoked . 
  a renunciation of foreign citizenship made before japanese officials may be considered by a foreign state as having no legal effect as is the case with , for example , united states citizenship . 
  [ 8 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_nationality_law edit : actually that last sentence is interesting . 
  does that mean you can say `` oh yeah , i 'm totally giving up my british citizenship , yep . '', 
  and then just reapply for a british passport ? 
  you 're probably right . 
  it 's not my decision to make though , might be that we move back to japan and the end up growing-up there . 
  well , that 's a start . 
  it 's japan that revokes it , they wo n't let you hold two passports . 
  i think there 's no limit to how many passports the uk will let you hold , but i know at the very least dual citizenship is no issue . 
  edit : it 's worth mentioning that most people just lie , that 's not without its risks though . 
  you can , and a lot of people do . 
  the only issue is that if you do that you have to be able to accept that if you get caught , you will lose your japanese passport . 
  particularly if you apply for any kind of benefits in japan , like my wife did to help with the cost of her hospital bills . 
  for now we are sticking with indefinite leave to remain . 
  as long as she does n't leave the country for an extended period of time she can stay and work here as long as she likes . 
  it kind of sucks not having dual citizenship for some people though . 
  my son and daughter are both half japanese and its really harsh that when they hit 20 they 'll have to choose whether they are english or japanese because in all honesty they ** are ** both . 
  or how my wife has to renounce her family ties if she wants a uk passport . 
  they have what 's known as a koseki tohon ( family register ) , if you try to apply for dual citizenship they literally remove you from your family . 
  as far as japan is concerned you are just another foreigner . 
  my favourite is how the bbc referrs to them as `` the so-called islamic state '' and in thier articles they repeat this over and over . 
  it 's such a / r/proper way of saying it . 
  especially when such attacks are convenient for the ruling ~ ~ dictator ~ ~ president . 
  call me crazy but i do n't envy those in close proximity to the nation state of china . 
  or russia for that matter . 
  but i like hawaiian pizza ... 
  you think you would fare any better asking a scottsman where in england where they 're from ? 
  moreso than i 'm comfortable with . 
  i 'm not saying we 've lost that , but we 're losing it faster than i 'd like . 
  yeah , it 's depressing how seriously my countrymen take things nowadays . 
  i miss it more than anything . 
  the terrorists changed us forever . 
  i 'm hesitant to say they won , unless their goal was throwing everyone under the bus with them . 
  i do n't know about your country but the in the uk we take pride in how harsh we are to politicians . 
  you should see the trump cartoons . 
  unfortunately people have seemed to forgotten this and we are becoming closer to america in our nationalism . 
  makes me sick and sad . 
  not real countries anyway . 
  hey that 's not cool . 
  do n't make fun of our `` special '' communities . 
  well what do you expect when they speak such a strange , archaic language ? 
  that 's your problem , not ours . 
  just think , soon we 'll be america 's bottom bitch again !, 
  well we got may at the moment so consider yourselves officially invited . 
  no it should n't . 
  i absolutely despise religion and i believe it will die within a reasonable time frame but if you care about democracy in the slightest then you should not say stuff like that . 
  thats just how things are . 
  nobody is asking you to do anything else you numpty . 
  they 're just asking you recognise that thier own retrospective opinion about how it will affect them ( because it will ) ca n't be dismissed as invalid just because from a different country than you . 
  and yet you have the gall to accuse others of narcissism . 
  you say that like it does n't affect europeans .
