  moreover , ukraine has a bit a territory that would allow them to retreat and regroup . 
  the baltic states have none of that . 
  oh i do agree that perception is a terrible way to measure corruption . 
  unfortunaly it 's pretty much the only one we have as of right now . 
  the [ last poll ] ( http://www.iri.org/sites/default/files/wysiwyg/municipal_poll_2016_-_public_release.pdf] is from march 2016 , but i ca n't seem to find the question about corruption reforms . 
  sure , but it 's not just perception . 
  for example , not a single high-level politician has been sentenced for corruption yet . 
  when was the most recent one ? 
  i saw that a few months ago . 
  granted it 's definitely not objective , but polls have shown that ukrainians tend to think corruption has actually gotten worse in the last years . 
  to be fair , ukraine is now back to growth , and quicker than expected . 
  so this may make reforms easier , and attract investors faster . 
  at the risk of being downvoted , i 'd like to point out that the atlantic council is a nato think-tank , which is nothing bad in itself but means it 's a very biased source . 
  and the author will launch a `` ukraine business journal '' in september , meaning he has every interest in saying that business in ukraine is awesome . 
  ukraine has still a very long way to go before attracting investors . 
  the two main issues voiced by foreigners - corruption and the power of local oligarchs - have not been adressed so far and , in some cases , has even gotten worse . 
  that does n't mean ukraine does n't have some amazing things for itself - its it sector or its agriculture , for example - , but i seriously doubt it will be enough to massively attract investors . 
  it 's not about the uk but about the eu as a whole though . 
  people complain that one of the main problem with the eu is its undemocratic nature . 
  now people have voted , in a legitimate process , to leave the eu . 
  this needs to happen , or every resentment that people have for the eu will grow even stronger . 
  `` i will sign the lisbon treaty '' was one of sarkozy 's presidential promises . 
  he was elected , he fullfilled his promise . 
  so it 's not like it was done in the back of the french people . 
  that 's because the article seems to largely exaggerate . 
  the `` red zone '' shown on the map was directly after ww1 , not today . 
  today , there are a few forbidden areas , but not to the extent that op implies . 
  moreover , this talk of farmers dying every year when colliding with shells seems mostly bullshit to me : i 'm french and sure , we hear very regularly of towns being evacuated because an old ww1 or ww2 bomb was found , but people actually dying from this is much rarer . 
  still interesting , of course . 
  but nothing like a french pripyat . 
  true , and i understand their feelings , and i admit it 's a big issue when you start comparing dictators with the topic `` who was the worst '' . 
  i do believe though ( like most people in the west , and unlike most people in the former soviet block ) that hitler 's racial policies and industrialized genocide make him worse . 
  and although i understand their feelings , i also think it 's very weird because , if hitler had won , most of the people in those countries ( poland , or ukraine for example ) would have been exterminated . 
  and well , you can argue that living under a brutal opressive dictatorship is still a bit better than being dead . 
   why do n't we all just stop thinking of good-bad divide and just point the facts as they are . 
  there are no good sides in any war . 
  everyone to blame . 
  yeah , though you are mostly right , i find this tendency of saying that everyone has an equal amount of responsibility annoying . 
  the su did bad things . 
  they collided with hitler , invaded poland and the baltic countries , murdered polish officers ... all that . 
  but implying they were as bad as the nazis is bollocks . 
  saying that there is no 100 % good guy or bad guy is obviously true ( though , to be honest , nazi germany is probably the closest you can get to a 100 % bad guy ) . 
  but using this obvious truth to argue that everybody was as bad as the other is a logical fallacy . 
   i agree it 's hard to imagine right now , but if you ca n't assume they wo n't do that you need to be prepared for that , and that 's what polish whining is all about . 
  yep , that 's why i said that , though i think russia invading the baltics is an unlikely scenario , i understand that baltics countries feels the need to protect themselves against such an eventuality . 
  because , as you mentionned , things can change . 
  i still think poland is vastly exagerating the threat that russia reprensents to them , and is doing so mostly because of internal politics ( kind of like russia does with nato ) . 
  i know the argument very well and it seems credible enough , but it always fail to explain the most basic thing : why would russia invade the baltics ? 
  i know they can , but why would they ? 
  this would not be like crimea . 
  they would not act on a weak central state that lacks allies , and on a population that mostly support them . 
  they would invade hostile countries . 
  even though your scenario of nato falling apart becomes real , that still does n't answer what invading the baltics would bring russia . 
  they are small , countries , devoid of resources or any strategical interest ( contrary to crimea , that was very important to russia in both those regards ) . 
  i just do n't see it . 
   a whole lot of blood was spilt in the name of tricoloure , union jack , star-spangled banner i do n't think your comparison is valid , unless you want to make the red/black insignia ukraine 's official flag . 
  i have absolutely no problem with ukraine 's current flag ( in fact , i think it 's a pretty awesome flag ) . 
  and well , at this point , those flags are accepted by everybody . 
  the ukrainian flag as well : i 've met ukrainians that were extremly strongly anti-maidan and still called themselves ukrainians . 
  they had no problem with the ukrainian flag , however they did have extremly strong negative feelings towards the uia and all its symbols ( you could say that they are just brainwashed by russian propaganda , but i 'm afraid that way too simple of an answer ) . 
   just in case , and to go back to a previous point - my late grandfather [ ... ] that 's extremly interesting . 
  and you know what ? 
  i feel like your grandfather would make a much , much better hero for today 's ukraine than a bunch of genocidal losers ( which is basically what the uia is : they accomplished nothing and implicated themselves in horrific acts while accomplishing nothing . 
  great job guys ! ) . 
  more than a million ukrainians died in the red army fighting the nazis , why should ukraine not be proud of this ? 
  would should you let russia take all the credit ? 
  and i had never heard of this rukh movement , it 's extremly interesting . 
  again , why have i never heard of this ? 
  they seemed to have played an instrumental role in helping ukraine become independant which means that they accomplished way more than the uia ever did . 
  thanks for the precisions , i 'm not entirely convinced but that 's still a pretty good start . 
  i say some polish ( including the current governement ) are being hysterical because , let 's be honest , they are safe from the russians . 
  i can perfectly understand the baltic countries being scared , but poland yelling about an upcoming russian invasion is ridiculous . 
  even the idea of russia invading the baltic countries is quite unlikely ( why would russia risk world war 3 and nuclear anhiliation for those small piece of land ? 
  ) , but at least we know russia has been fucking up with those countries recently ( kidnapping an estonian intelligence officer for example ) and those countries are directly bordering russia . 
  full invasion is unlikely , but the idea of russia applying military pressure on those countries without directly invading is n't . 
  so baltics countries are right to be worried of this and to take actions to prevent it . 
  poland is safe . 
  yes i know , there is kaliningrad , but come on . 
  i realize poland has a history that makes it prone to hate russia ( with good reasons ) , but that does n't mean they are right . 
  in that case , they are n't . 
  i see your point , and i can even understand it . 
  but as an outsider i feel like this '' \u00e9tendard sanglant '' was tainted from the start by the actions of the people who first raised it . 
  and i do n't believe you can really accept the darker parts of your country 's history if you take your symbols specifically from that past . 
  again , i realize it 's not really my business and i understand the struggle ukraine has been through in the last few years . 
  but still . 
   while no sane person denies or approves of the crimes of ww2 the guy who is in charge of ukraine 's official history says that claiming uia participated in the massacre of polish and jewish population is `` soviet propaganda '' ( see this [ great article on the guy ] ( https://foreignpolicy.com/2016/05/02/the-historian-whitewashing-ukraines-past-volodymyr-viatrovych/ ) ) . 
  so , unfortunaly , there are lot of seemingly sane people in ukraine that denies the crimes of the uia and others groups ( most often , it 's partial denial , saying stuff like `` nothing is black or white '' , saying they had no choice , that kind of things ) . 
  i think both ukraine and russia have huge problems in the way they consider their history . 
  and though it 's none of my business ( i 'm neither russian nor ukrainian ) , i do find it a problem that ukraine as a state could not find `` better '' heroes to celebrate in the country 's past , heroes that are n't as divise as the uia ( when you want a united ukraine , hailing a group like the uia that is hated in a good part of the group does n't seem like the best strategy ) and , you know , heroes that did n't participate in one of the worst genocide of human history . 
  to be fair , though it 's annoying how the st george cross ribbon has been used as a propaganda symbol in russia , it seems less bad than to honor as `` heroes '' armed groups mostly famous for murdering poles and taking part in the holocaust . 
  yeah , i would really enjoy reading something a bit `` colder '' about this . 
  because between hysteric russians ( `` nato wants to bomb us '' ) and hysteric polish ( `` putin is literally hitler '' ) , it 's hard to get decent information . 
  what i do know is that the missile defence in romania and soon in poland is not against iran . 
  nobody believes that , neither in moscow nor in washington , paris or warsaw . 
  but does that mean that this missile defence could indeed be targeting russia ? 
  i do n't know , and i 'd like to know . 
  because if the answer is yes , well then i do n't think russia is wrong to complain about this and take counter measure ( but again , i do n't know ) . 
  though after checking it 's actually the whole website that 's blocked , not just this page . 
  i 'm in russia currently , and i ca n't access the link . 
  it 's great , thank you for your work .
