petro maybe , but military ? 
  that 's just not true . 
  not yet at least , maybe in 10 years . 
  there has been absolutely no debate or discussion about this . 
  i feel ... ashamed , frankly ( yes , i 'm french ) . 
  france apologized a long time ago actually . 
  this basically shows that ukrainian administration and/or politicians have , despite the revolution , kept a very russian ( soviet ? ), 
  to be fair , not necessarily . 
  the breakdown of the ussr was followed by almost 10 years of major economic crisis and huge losses in russian 's standard of living . 
  i think that most russians who say they regret the breakdown of the ussr think mostly about this : that this breakdown lead to 10 years of unprecedented poverty . 
  ah ah it does n't work , i know a swiss would never do that . 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  yes , but the question remains : how do you remove the garlic ? 
  and why would you ? 
  ( i 'm not trying to be a dick , i just do n't get it ), 
  and you can not do anything to stop me !, 
  why would you remove the garlic ? 
  and how ( if its chopped ) ? 
  you 're mistaken : italians give two many fucks about what used to be italian food but has now been so internationlized that well , it 's not italian anymore . 
  they do n't like this . 
  speaking of that , i will now make myself a nice carbonara ... * with cr\u00eame fra\u00eeche *, 
  come on . 
  sure , mh17 was shot down either by separatists with a weapon procured by russia or even directly by russian soldiers and sure , they should be condemned for this . 
  but nobody except batshit crazy conspirationists are arguing that they did it on purpose . 
  it was a tragic mistake . 
  that does n't change the fact that russia is completely responsible and should pay for this , but seriously comparing it to an organization that murdered in cold blood hundred of european civilians is ridiculous . 
  this title is bullshit by the way . 
  rbc did not `` publish '' the panama papers , it only relayed the news once it was available , like a lot of others newspapers in russia . 
  in russia , the newspaper that was actually associated with the team that revealed the panama papers was novaya gazeta . 
  they were n't raided ( not this time , at least ) . 
  yeah i 'm not a big putin fan ( since i 'm assuming that 's who the poster is referring to ) but comparing him to stalin is dumb as fuck . 
  interesting as well !, 
  i thought it was awesome when , someday , i saw on reddit a pic of a graffiti written in some languages of the balkan , and i realized i actually understood because it was very close to russian , except written in latin alphabet . 
  oh , i 'm learning russian and never tought of the relation between dacha and the verb \u0434\u0430\u0442\u044c . 
  interesting !, 
  i never said it was n't , i actually do think saudi arabia is a horrible country and i definitely would not like being there . 
  but `` culture '' is a much broader word than just `` socio-political system '' , it encompasses much more stuff and so ( in my opinion ) , saying saudi arabian culture as a whole is crap is different . 
   how is it xenophobic to criticise a nation 's culture ? 
  ah ah ah ah oh wait , you 're serious ? 
  so yeah , hatred towards a foreign culture is definitely part of xenophobia . 
  listening to it , i 'm not sure if it 's racist but it 's definitely xenophobic . 
  it 's also hilarious . 
   it seems a fair point that french/western european culture is superior and that countries like saudi arabia have nothing to offer culturally to the rest of the world except oil . 
  yeah , you see , that 's xenophobic . 
  ( not mentionning pretty stupid ), 
  literally , you 're right . 
  but literally often fail in conveying the actual meaning of a sentence . 
  in that case , `` fuck them '' is closer to the actual sense than the literal `` let 's shit on them '' . 
  ah yes , let 's use again the `` x works for putin !, 
  do n't vote for him ! '' . 
  it worked so well with trump . 
  i 'd like to say that i know nothing of this topic but find it very interesting . 
  so i would be really interested in reading what you have to say about this ( pretty sure we can stay civil , even on r/europe ), 
  this whole debate is a bit ridiculous frankly because yeah , it all comes to habit . 
  you can get used to voice-over , to dubbing , to subtitles . 
  if you 're not used to it , it will seems weird ( or even horrible/hilarious in the case of voice-over ) . 
  wait , what 's the difference between kebab and shawarma ? 
  i thought they were synonyms . 
  well , the logic is that if uk gets a good deal , then other countries will want to leave and get the same deal , which will in the end lead to the end of the eu , which would not be good for the eu . 
  okay , i see what you mean . 
  and yeah , it 's a `` technical issue '' that 's actually extremly politicized , especially in the baltics countries . 
  why would this `` screw up '' the stats ? 
  estonia has a big population of native russian speakers , it makes sense that its reflected in the stats . 
   people have become more efficient cause prices are 1,5 - 2 x higher that 's ... an interesting way of seeing things . 
  this is not a snap exercise though , it 's announced months in advance . 
  this is why before the attacks they were almost bankrupt . 
  it 's a very , very specific kind of humour ( i do n't like it either most of the time ) , but it 's what they have always done . 
  against everyone ( including the french by the way , they made hilarious/horrible cartoons about some plane crash in which hundreds of french died ) . 
  yeah no . 
  charlie hebdo has always done this , way before they became famous because of the terrorist attack . 
  this kind of shitty humour is part of their trademark . 
  it 's not a way to get attention , it 's really just what they do . 
  eh , i 'm french and i live in paris . 
  i do enjoy some parisian-bashing ( as every non-parisian french do ) but i sincerely think paris is an absolutely beautiful city , and i 've travelled a bit so i can compare . 
  and yep , walking back to my place from a party absolutely drunk and going along the seine at night is a great thing to do . 
  maybe you experienced a counter-paris-syndrome : you expected it to be shit and were pleasantly surprised . 
  ... federal wide ? 
  because , if yes , that would mean the burqa is already banned . 
  in france and , apparently , in netherlands too , burqa has not been banned in itself , the law states that 's it 's forbidden to cover your face in the public space except for specific purposes ( like a helmet ) , which has the same effect . 
  i assume germany will go the same way . 
  if this was true , there would not be anthems and flag raising at medal ceremonies . 
  athletes do represent countries . 
  it 's made weird though by the fact that scotland , wales and england play in tons of sports as separate countries . 
  it 's puzzling to not have a unified stance on this topic . 
  you 're right that the skynews story ( and especially the `` 500 hundred dead '' part ) is quite fishy but yeah , ntv is n't just a terrible source , it 's actually been used in multiple instances by the russian governement to spread conpromising stories . 
  well to be honest i do not believe , in the current situation , russia would invade the baltic states . 
  do some provocative shit at the border like kidnapping an intelligence officer ? 
  sure . 
  definitely . 
  but full-on invasion with a real risk of ww3 and nuclear anhiliation ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  people may think putin is crazy but when you look at it , he actually shows some ( relative ) restraint : he never invaded the whole of georgia even though he definitely could have , and he did n't annexed eastern ukraine even though he definitely could have . 
  my point is : russia is a threat to the baltic states , but the threat is not one of conventional conflict . 
   they are not facing the full wrath of the bear . 
  if russia wanted to fight them , then there would be no ukraine anymore . 
  even if they did . 
  of course in a ukraine vs russia conflict , ukraine would lose . 
  but ukraine is a big country , with a big army . 
  sure it 's incredibly corrupted and not very efficient ( though it seems the conflict has made that a bit better ) , but it 's still an army that could inflict some damage .
