  i do n't trust the ability of our police to solve crimes . 
  well , it 's happened before , under william iii . 
  let us unite against the french once again ? 
  definitely not flanders . 
  i would say denmark . 
  we 're both flat , surrounded by sea , love bicycles , down to earth , we both speak languages that grate on other people 's ears ... 
  you can get the belgian channels on your cable network , sure . 
  that does n't mean they target dutch people as an audience . 
  as for the other channel you mention , i 've never heard of it . 
  short answer : no . 
  long answer : i do n't feel any connection at all with luxembourg . 
  the same for the french ( and german ) speaking part of belgium . 
  they are as foreign to me as any other country in europe . 
  then there 's the dutch speaking part of belgium . 
  obviously , there 's a connection there - but it 's a very strange one . 
  we share a language , and if pressed we can get along ( but not great ) , but that 's really all there is to it . 
  there 's not even such thing as a television channel , a newspaper or anything at all that 's aimed at both the netherlands and dutch speaking belgians . 
  that really depends on where in the netherlands you 're from . 
  for those that live in the areas where they also speak low german / low saxon dialects , i imagine that must certainly be true . 
  for people from the west of the country , not so much . 
  looking at the lyrics in written form , it does look like it 's some sort of dutch/german hybrid . 
  but i ca n't understand it in spoken form ; it does however sound exactly like someone from the eastern provinces in the netherlands speaking in their dialect which i - not being from the east - would n't understand either !, 
   we are essentially swamp germans now , now . 
  if you identify as a swamp german , that 's your prerogative . 
  just leave the rest of us out of it . 
  can confirm . 
  can understand most german ( as long as it 's not spoken in a strong local dialect ) , but would be lost if i had to actually converse in it . 
  it can trip you up though , because some similar words can mean completely different things depending what language you 're speaking . 
  afrikaans `` stappen '' means to go for a walk , while in dutch it means you 're going out for a night in the town . 
  implying dutch is based on german ... 
  careful there , buddy !, 
  if it would come to a vote , i 'd vote against it . 
  i have nothing against our king willem alexander , who seems like a nice enough bloke , but on principle i do n't think any position of power should be based on something as archaic as birthright . 
  at least it keeps the news reporters employed . 
  i would say * zwarte piet * , but we actually do share that with the belgians . 
  it 's just that we seem to get all the flak for it , while no one is complaining to them about it . 
   ( like the dutch and finland ) i hate to disappoint you , but that really is only an internet/reddit thing . 
  no one irl over here shakes their fist angrily at finland for being first in yet another list . 
  well , there goes the swiss economy ... ^ just ^ kidding ^ !, 
  i 'd like to add amersfoort . 
  the older parts of it are quite pretty , it has a pleasant small inner city that 's perfect for a sit down with a glass of cold beer on a sunny summer 's day . 
  they have yearly events , like the jazz festival . 
  and if you are into it , there 's a nice zoo to visit . 
  as another dutch person : i 'm really not that interested in the benelux . 
  for the netherlands it would make much more sense to be in some kind of central european entity that included germany , considering how dependent we are on them . 
  failing that ... that nordic union sounds cool . 
  can netherlands into nordic ? 
  pretty please ? 
  against . 
  if people do n't even have enough interest in politics to vote out of their own accord , how can you expect them to be well informed enough to vote in a reasonable way ? 
  i mean , if i look at the current political climate in the netherlands , i imagine compulsory voting would just mean more votes for someone like wilders . 
  well , actually , brabant and limburg are the two provinces in the netherlands that do n't have the guttural g ( which we call the `` hard '' g ) i 'm talking about . 
  their g is closer to the belgian way of pronouncing the g , which we call the `` soft '' g. 
  but the people in new kids do n't exactly speak standard dutch . 
  they actually speak in a heavy , exaggerated brabantian dialect . 
  i mean sure , that 's not to say you might still not like dutch much ( especially dutch as spoken in the north of the netherlands with the gutteral g sounds rather harsh to foreigners not used to these sounds ) , but to base your opinion on dutch from how they speak in new kids is a bit much ... 
  i do n't think the dutch are very salty about france . 
  lots of people here seem to have some strange obsession with it , actually . 
  as the belgians will tell you , whole motorways are jammed by dutchies with their * sleurhutten * on their way to france during the holidays . 
  french as a language is quite admired here ( a lot of dutch people pretend they speak it ) as is french culture - or at least , the distorted image people here have of french culture . 
  france is traditionally considered to be very * chic * . 
  ( although truth be told , it seems to have lost quite a bit of * cachet * during the last two decades . 
  i mean , let 's be honest here , things are not what they used to be in france , eh ? ), 
  whether you discuss it in esperanto or klingon does n't matter to me , i just thought it funny to see such an example of everything that is actually hindering european unity in a thread like this . 
  and here we have it , ladies and gentlemen , the problems of the e.u. 
  in a nutshell . 
  here we have group of people discussing , in * english * , how it 's clearly a better idea to forget about adopting english and instead force everyone to learn an obscure language barely anyone speaks because ... reasons . 
  well , * i * , for one , would be more than willing to take care of their beer , at least . 
  in the netherlands , the younger generation can get around in decent english , and the older generation can more or less make themselves understandable in cave man english . 
  most of us can understand german , and if we really have to we can hold very simple conversations in it ( i mean , even if we speak dutch real slowly germans will get the gist :p ) . 
  but to be honest , decent proficiency in a third language aside from dutch and english is actually quite rare . 
   people keep dying well , that 's a bold pred ... aaargh !, 
  - is dead -, 
  if with freedom of movement you mean what we have within the e.u. , i would not . 
  i really do n't see any advantage . 
  do n't forget our latest gift to you , the * stroopwafel * . 
  you 're welcome . 
  the word * apart * is dutch , yes . 
  * apartheid * did n't originally mean anything in dutch though . 
  the afrikaners gave it the meaning it has . 
  the baltic sea trade where we bought grain from the baltic states and poland and sold it elsewhere in europe was actually our core business for the most part of the 17th century ( called the `` moedernegotie '' in dutch , meaning `` the mother of all trade '' ) but obviously the far away travels of the voc and wic are always a bit more exciting to talk about . 
  seems that way . 
  sontikka - etymology - from russian \u0437\u043e\u0301\u043d\u0442\u0438\u043a ( z\u00f3ntik ) from dutch zonnedek ( `` cover from sun '' ) . 
  we were doing just fine , until your leopold went crying to ~ ~ daddy ~ ~ the french . 
  you mean , when the french came in and kicked us out of belgium ? 
  looking back , best thing to ever happen to us !, 
  i mean , had that not happened , we 'd be bordering on france . 
  rather than as it is now , bordering to you guys , whom we love we so much . 
  from what i understand , in those areas where swedish speaking finns live swedish * is * the dominant language . 
  they have their own political party that is almost always in the government ( apparently right now they 're not , which has n't happened since 1979 ) , their own television channels , and finns are more or less expected to learn swedish so they can communicate with their swedish speaking neighbours . 
  the swedish speaking finns actually seem to have a pretty sweet deal . 
  anyway , regarding belgium ; while the french and the dutch speaking inhabitants of belgium do argue a lot with eachother , to me as an outsider culturally a dutch speaking flemish is more akin to a french speaking walloon than to us dutchies . 
  we may speak the same language as the people of flanders , but culturally we are very different . 
  dutchies are blunt and will tell you straight to your face what they think , belgians will wait until you left the room before they really say what they think . 
  dutchies like order , belgians like the freedom to do what they want . 
  you can witness that just by looking at urban planning over here , and then crossing the border and looking at how things look in belgium . 
  the stereotype we have here of belgian urban planning is people building completely different houses next to eachother without a thought of what the whole of the neighbourhood will look like . 
  example : http://uglybelgianhouses.tumblr.com/, 
  the logical part of me says that there 's not much chance wilders would actually make it into government . 
  after all , even the vvd has already ruled out forming a government with wilders unless `` he throws his entire party program into the bin '' .
