interesting !, 
  i did not know that , thank you for the linguistics lesson !, 
  now now , do n't imply that frisian is a dialect , or the frisians might do to you what they did to the late boniface . 
  they 're quite proud of the fact that frisian is an actual language , not a dialect !, 
  it is quite difficult to understand for us as well . 
  a bit easier in the written form than in the spoken form . 
  throughout history it 's drifted closer and closer to dutch , though , and i understand there is concern now that typical frisian grammar is disappearing as young speakers are using dutch grammar even when speaking frisian . 
  not that i know of . 
  i did n't know it was a thing in belgium . 
  from what i understand , afrikaans was influenced a lot by immigrants from flanders , so that makes sense , then . 
  did you have a lot of conversations like that ? 
  i 've read somewhere that it 's actually more difficult for afrikaans speakers to understand us dutch speakers than for us to understand them . 
  did you notice that ? 
  explanation : http://mylanguages.org/afrikaans_negation.php, 
  it sounds quaint , like archaic dutch from ye olden times , but it has a certain charm . 
  i really ca n't get used to how when they signify a negative , they have to say the `` not '' twice . 
  like , i do not understand not . 
  i wonder how that ever got started ... 
  you would never use `` jarig '' like that , because jarig is not a noun but an adjective . 
  true . 
  at least here in the middle of the netherlands , we say `` ik ben jarig vandaag '' to say it 's our birthday . 
  still , at one time it must have been the same for us as we still call it `` verjaardag '' and not `` jarigdag '' . 
  at one time we must 've just stopped using `` verjaren '' as a verb for being `` jarig '' . 
  he was talking about their use in english . 
   dutch restaurants only in america !, 
  well , the netherlands was n't in a great state after ww2 , and there was a labour shortage , especially in the agrarian sector , in both canada and australia . 
  the netherlands was glad to be rid of people , while the receiving countries were happy to have them . 
  plus , it helped that the new immigrants were white . 
  yes , exactly . 
  i am talking about recent immigration . 
  the ancestors of most people of dutch descent in the u.s. came to the u.s. so long ago ( at the very least before ww2 ) that they no longer have any ties to the netherlands , while those that moved to canada and australia moved there much more recently and as such still have ties with family here . 
  of course , you will still find people who moved from the netherlands to the u.s. recently , but from what i can tell the most recent major wave of immigrants from the netherlands to the u.s. is from the early 1920 's . 
  then after that there was a small wave after the 1953 flood disaster , but that was only 15.000 people , while from what i can tell ( and you 'll have to excuse me , as i ca n't find the exact numbers ) the amount of people moving to canada and australia after ww2 is more in the range of 60.000 , 70.000 people ( for each country ) . 
  the u.s. ? 
  no , and no . 
  it 's more common for people to have family living in canada or australia . 
  lots of people were actually encouraged to go there in the 50 's , both by our own government and the canadian/australian governments meanwhile the government of the u.s. was actually trying to limit people from moving to the u.s. 
  i do n't have family in either , myself . 
  a bit soaked . 
  it 's raining cats and dogs here and i had to cycle to work though the rain . 
  it 's rather quiet , with not a lot of people calling , so now i am spending some time on reddit . 
  shht , do n't tell the boss . 
  so ... how are you , jaaval ? 
  well , in my experience most people tend to be pretty apathetic towards politics these days . 
  except for people who vote pvv , they 're rather in your face about it , and will gladly let you know how they feel about islam , left wing politicians , and marroccans & turks . 
  spoiler : they do n't like them much . 
  i personally do n't really discuss politics with strangers or colleagues much , especially not once i learn they lean towards the pvv . 
  even if you do understand german , that does n't mean you can actually converse in it yourself though . 
  i mean , i can for the most part understand german , but even with three years of german at seconday school , i can barely string a coherent sentence together . 
  and german grammar ? 
  please no , i get a headache even thinking about it . 
  then again , i live in the centre of the netherlands , so i do n't speak a low saxon dialect . 
  i imagine for those who do , it 's easier speaking with their german neighbours who also speak low saxon dialects . 
  well , pretty much everyone from that era is either dead or geriatric anyway , so you ca n't hold anything against germans in this day and age regarding ww2 . 
  now , 1974 , that 's a different matter entirely . 
  it 's a pun . 
  bril refers to the town of brielle , or in dutch den briel . 
  surely you ca n't hold that against the current generation , though ? 
   the ` boots ' theory of socioeconomic unfairness as a pratchett and a vimes fan , seeing a reference like this in an eloquently written opinion on economics warms my heart . 
  in the case of cats , yes . 
  in the case of dogs , for reasons stated above , no , not always . 
  i work at an animal shelter in the netherlands - not as an animal caretaker though , i just answer the phone - and i was actually surprised to learn that sometimes male dogs are n't castrated because of fear that it would make already existing behaviour worse . 
  usually it 's with dogs that already have a nervous or anxious disposition , if you then castrate them it might actually make them aggressive because their already fearful disposition is enhanced . 
  as for that leading to puppies ; only if you 're in the habit of leaving your non neutered male dog with a female dog in heat . 
  and really , if that happens it 's on you . 
  as for cats , those should always be castrated !, 
  if only because otherwise tomcats can spread some nasty , lethal diseases . 
  too bad that this sort of landscape is now restricted to that one day of the year when it 's actually cold enough for the snow not to immediately evaporate on the ground . 
  i imagine future generations of dutchies will look at that painting and think to themselves : `` what is all that white stuff everywhere ? '', 
  english . 
  yup , that 's exactly what it means . 
  grond does indeed means ground . 
  it 's certainly a correct usage , anyway . 
  we also have a russian themed song : drs p. dodenrit - http://www.dutchsongs.overtuin.net/translation-70-drsp-trojka.html the translation below is n't perfect , but it 's decent enough . 
  we 're riding in a troika through the never ending woods it 's freezing minus thirty , it is winter , rather cold the horse hoofs all are creaking in the fresh , just fallen snow it 's nightfall in siberia , no lion to be seen we 're riding with the children , although they are slightly young in these unending woods , i just before have sung about a shaded landscape that is very hard to oversee we all feel fortunate that there 're no lions here around we 're on our way to omsk , but the road is very long so we will while away the time with festive , cheerful songs but meanwhile in the background something starts to move around it 's dark and in large numbers , it 's unhealthy i 'm afraid they still are far behind us , but i see them nonetheless it is a really large pack and they 're running very fast and by trailing behind us , shortly they will all catch up that would be disadvantuous for a young small family these dark and dusky figures they can run extremely fast they 're running on four legs and they look evil and so mean they have big teeth and canines , it is clearly within sight they probably are wolves and they 're malicious furthermore although it is alarming , i do n't panic not the least i keep up courage thanks to folk music and singing songs we know our songbook all by heart and sing a lot of songs while all the wolves come closer , closer , in their gallop speed from this point to the town of omsk it is a hundred verst it 's pleasant that the horses were renewed this afternoon a pity though that we meanwhile are catched up by the wolves one sees the healthy appetite that 's shining in their eyes behaving unconcerned still we are singing constantly but something has to happen ` under mother 's umbrella ' and without being noticed i consider with my wife `` who has to be the chosen '' , i ask , `` come up with it now '' `` well , should it then be igor '' , `` no , he plays the violin '' `` and what about natasja '' , `` but she does so well at school '' `` sonja maybe '' , `` oh no , not her , her lovely alto voice '' so in the end the little pjotr is the final choice while singing all along i handy grab the little chap he flies right out the troika with a creepy scary cry the wolves have full attention for this so delicious snack just eighty-four more versts and ` o , today we are so glad ' we must appreciate our pjotr that he 's eatable 'cause thanks to that we 're rid of that whole pack of wolves for now we 're chasing on and on as in a awful gruesome dream ` ajo ajo ajo , the coconut tree is so high ' the howling sound comes closer and our hope is ripped once more the pack of wolves is back and that means it is sonja 's turn the poor child now goes out , she was so cheerful and so good just sixty-eight more versts and ` our earl lives in the hague ' i 'm thinking by myself and my poor wife sheds many tears and look there right behind us all those wolves are coming back so igor , it 's a pity , violinist you wo n't be just fifty-two more versts and ` once there was a girl so keen ' now igor is removed we get some rest for a short while but no , the wolves are catching up , the next portion they want natasja 's dying cry is painful cutting through our souls just thirty-six more versts and ` in a blue and chequered blouse my wife and i are left over and we sing a duet if we 'll be lucky from now on , we 'll make it just in time alas , i have to give her up to the arriving group just twenty versts to go and ` hoeperdepoep sat on the kerb ' i 'm singing much more joyful now , 'cause omsk 's within sight i 'm jumping out of happiness , but lose my balance then and while the wolves so greedy eat me , i think : `` it 's too bad yes , omsk is a lovely town , but just too far away '', 
  as a completely impartial observer , i too have to admit the joke escapes me . 
  but that 's okay ^ i ^ still ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ anyway ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ p.s. 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joke . 
  well , depending on how well you play them , that can be explained . 
  if your bagpiping sounds like a cat in heat , and i 'd have to listen to it , it 'd drive me insane too . 
   i do n't know what the rest of the country thinks , but i think the tweede kamer is not very effective anymore , because there are just so many parties that any one party can almost never get a full majority , which means there always need to be coalitions . 
  but there 's never been a party that had a full majority . 
  that 's the whole point why our system is as it is . 
  we 've always had coalition governments . 
  at best , we 've had coalition governments formed by two parties . 
  https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nederlandse_kabinetten_sinds_de_tweede_wereldoorlog the thing is that we 're now as a people so divided that our political parties have trouble even establishing a stable coalition . 
  the people with roots in indonesia in the netherlands are actually a very diverse group . 
  after the independence of indonesia , the people from indonesia that came here were mostly so called `` indo 's '' ( people of mixed descent ) and people from the moluccan islands . 
  the last group is interesting because they never actually wanted to be here . 
  the moluccans that came here were the soldiers of the knil ( dutch colonial army ) and their families . 
  they were more or less promised a state of their own as a reward for fighting on the dutch side , but instead the dutch government ordered them to ship over here , and then disbanded their units and forced them to live in former german camps . 
  not really our proudest moment , that . 
  as a result the moluccans have still kept very much to themselves , often living close together . 
  in fact they refused to leave their camps unless they would be housed close to eachother in the new situation . 
  it has even occurred that when a white family was placed in a moluccan area , the locals ( moluccans ) threw bricks through their windows . 
  they decided against living there , after that ... 
  they also have their own `` motor club '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/satudarah, 
  i 'm not sure a war that lasted almost a century really counts as an event , though ... for a single event i would nominate the combined invasion of the english , the french , and the forces of cologne and munster in 1672 . 
  they set out to destroy the dutch republic , and they almost did , but eventually they were beaten back by william iii ( who would later set sail with an invasion army to england , and dethroned james ii to become king of england and king of scotland alongside his wife mary ) . 
  i trust our police to not be corrupt .
