  matches with the greek flag at least . 
  it seems that croatia is in fashion in finland . 
  so many of my friends have went there for a holiday the past couple of years . 
  the croatia travel guides are always loaned with many reservations at my library . 
  everyone has had only positive things to say , so i guess that partly explains the popularity . 
  you know , in this case `` local '' is an economic entity of about 500 million people , with a gdp beating both us and china . 
  but in reality it most likely affects more than that . 
  it 's not really about stuff like your local supermarkets ' opening hours , like another person replied to me . 
  global markets . 
  you know ? 
  some perspective perhaps ? 
  having healthy competition , local or not , is in the end only good for the consumer . 
  so even if they were just trying to help local competition it would in a way be helping the consumer . 
  race weekend accident deaths . 
  at least mar\u00eda de villota died during testing in 2013 , also a marussia driver and the accident was eerily similar to bianchi 's ; a collision with a stationary truck . 
  according to the latest data finland has nine ( http://vrk.fi/default.aspx?docid=8843&amp;site=3&amp;id=0 ) , but anyway . 
  most in the nordics , who would 've thunk . 
  only seven ? 
  finland has more cities of 100k + population than sweden . . huh , til . 
  only a french surrendermonkey would say that . 
  god dammit you are pathetic , but the muslims will soon run over your country . 
  do n't come crying for conscription and basic knowledge of defending yourself when that happens , jean-pierre clueless . 
  what would you suggest a small country like finland did when russia attacks ? 
  surrender like the frogs ? 
  be target of ethnic clensing and whatever they would do , kill tens of thousands of civilians ? 
  would you be happy to just sit and watch a genocide because it 's so bad that the whole country defends against invaders ? 
  it 's all fine for you to arrogantly criticize conscription from your safe french environment , being us 's bitch and a nato whore . 
  now imagine a small country that has over a thousand kilometre border with russia . 
  you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  you have a skewed view on conscription . 
  it does n't mean conscripts are sent to a warzone , at least not in my country . 
  sure , there are some fatalities every year , like in many other jobs , but those serving their mandatory service still have a lower risk of death during the service than those who do n't serve . 
  the most common causes of death are traffic accidents that happen on leaves . 
  of course this is during peace time . 
  if a war begins and someone tries to invade , things get a whole lot more dangerous . 
  but it gets a whole lot more dangerous for everyone , not just the conscripts or the reserves . 
  i have never even hinted that conscripts are superior ... oh man i am starting to feel i 'm being trolled . 
  good day . 
  it is clear that you do n't know what you are talking about in the slightest , so let 's just agree to disagree . 
  i have to totally disagree with you too . 
  if you are comparing one of the baltic states and their very limited population and resources to a giant like the us , you have to get a little perspective . 
  us can afford to have a huge professional army and us focuses mostly on offensive and aggression half across the world . 
  your examples of russia , afghanistan and chechnya was a conscript army doing offence , not defence . 
  when it comes to the defence of a small and relatively poor country , the pro army model just does n't work . 
  also if the invasion is inevitable whatever kind of army you have , it 's good that most of the men are familiar with weapons , basic military tactics and the such . 
  i think they are trying to say that a small and expensive professional army is less useful in the scenario of a foreign invasion compared to a much larger conscipt army led by professionals . 
  it 's roughly the same distance as from madrid to berlin . 
  or from miami to new york . 
  it is n't that obvious when you just look at a map , but take norway out of its place and it 's striking . 
  so only technicalities in essence . 
  iceland the only one breaking the nordic straight . 
  four years later finland was the second country , and four years from that norway third . 
  did n't know that , but i 'm not surprised . 
  it has been quite common that finland sees how sweden does with its liberal new ideas ; if sweden does n't descend into chaos , we adopt the same ( similar ) law . 
  it 's worked pretty good so far . 
  edit : for people interested , here are the years when other countries outlawed corporal punishment : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporal_punishment#legal_status, 
  not viewable in finland . 
  bummer . 
  a union of baltic region states ( denmark , estonia , latvia , finland , germany , lithuania , polan , and sweden ) , minus russia of course , would be great . 
  norway could join too . 
  and we could invite the netherlands , perhaps also belgium and luxembourg if they wanted . 
  hell , there 's room for czech republic and slovakia , if they bring the beer . 
  france maybe if they bring food . 
  austria , how could i forget austria , they 're in !, 
  of course we would n't want to have austria without hungary , so she 's in . 
  croatia has nice beaches , they 're welcome . 
  romania could come out of pity and bulgaria if they drop their silly alphabet . 
  that 's about it , i 'll leave room for negotiations and extra members , just in case . 
  sounds pretty good . 
  i really want to visit greece someday , the history there ... oh man . 
  but i have no monies ( like the greek ) and i very much dislike hot weather , so if and when i get the monies and time a winter visit would be ideal for me . 
  this is so frustrating . 
  i understand some parts of what they `` sing '' , some parts sound very familiar but it probably means something else than what i think , and the majority is just noises with no meaning to me . 
  frustrating , because they surely have a profoundly deep and thought-provoking message in the lyrics . 
  i live in eastern finland , my neighbourhood has plenty of russians living here . 
  there 's very little problems between finns and them , they have relatively good employment levels since we need employees who speak russian , and overall i find it hard to believe that many of them would want to rather live in finland annexed to russia than in independent finland . 
  they have it pretty good here . 
  that does n't mean that putin would care what the small russian minority here wanted , but the nationalist hubris among ethnic russians in finland is nothing like in eastern ukraine , for example . 
  if it exists at all . 
  it must count for something . 
  actually i did some investigating , when you listen how a greek would pronounce \u0393\u03b5\u03ce\u03c1\u03b3\u03b9\u03bf\u03c2 ( ge\u00f4rgios ) , it sounds a bit like `` iyorjos '' or something . 
  with that knowledge yrj\u00f6 is n't such a big leap . 
  how do the spanish get guillermo from william ? 
  coz people are whack . 
  no , kalle is just a regular first name without any other meaning in finnish . 
  fuck you then , reddit is a serious place . 
  i hope you did n't take offence of my comment as some did , i thought it was clearly banter haha . 
  hey bulgarian borsh smelling b ( u/i ) tch , learn to alphabet correctly or get out !, 
  oh , this ai n't the ball subreddit , nevermind . 
  yeah , even british kings like george vi were translated to `` kuningas yrj\u00f6 vi '' in finland , but they recently abandoned that practice . 
  for example the duchess of cambridge , catherine , would 've been `` katariina '' some years/decades ago . 
  but now is just catherine . 
  but king carl xvi gustaf of sweden is still kaarle xvi kustaa in finnish . 
  or just kalle , among friends . 
  they are indeed . 
  not the most common ones , but not the rarest ones either . 
  and yes , lennart meri , for example , was a quite well known estonian in finland too . 
  i believe meri is used as a surname here too . 
  many names can be used as both given and surnames in finland , like kari , tapio , teppo , meri etc. 
  agreed , it 's airy because of the flow of vowels .
