  i just bought a used car , estonian import , and the manual ( omaniku k\u00e4siraamat ) is in estonian . 
  can you translate it for me ? 
  i can give you reddit silver . 
  it 's only about 300 pages . 
  you just need to pay me for the postage . 
  when finished , please send some vodka with the translated manual , and a case of saku . 
  thanks in advance . 
  usually yes , but you have to understand that when visiting , finns do n't leave the hotel . 
  brave ones might use the hotel 's swimming pool . 
  and many people move to spain and other places after they retire . 
  but again , they just do n't leave their home except for necessities ( = alcohol ) . 
  i 'm downvoted to shit because i was n't anti-muslim enough . 
  also the european bible belt is scary large , how dare someone criticize jesus & co. 
  the new normal @ r/europe to each their own , still stand by every word . 
  fundamental christianity is very bad , and it 's laughable to claim the us leaders do n't use religion to rule and are secular . 
  god bless america . 
  same shit . 
  the fundamental muslims are worse . 
  they are all bad , some are worse . 
  this subreddit sometimes make me laugh . 
  not anti-muslim enough ... rotfl . 
  you should put down the bible for a minute and take some reading comprehension classes and then read my posts again . 
  never said there were n't . 
  i did not do such a thing . 
  found the american/christian !, 
  americans , backed by christian beliefs , have turned many countries into ruins and displaced millions , killed hundreds of thousands , in just the past 15 years . 
  ironically creating the daesh you speak of . 
  i 'm not defending muslims by any means , all i say is religions are dangerous . 
  all religions . 
  not just islam . 
  it is similar in some christian societies too , it 's not a muslim only thing . 
  back in the day when / r/atheism was n't utter shite there were a lot of horror stories from ex-christians , mostly americans , who went through hell . 
  fundamentalist islam is just a step worse than fundamentalist christianity . 
  you did it !, 
  bear - mur mur mur gorilla - \u00d6\u00d6\u00d6\u00c4\u00c4\u00c4\u00d6\u00d6yy\u00d6 source for all three , very scientific : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg4py8bcteq, 
  i 'm on vacation and drinking beer while waiting for the forza beta to download . 
  what 's happening where you live ? 
  i 'm not too familiar with their policies , but i believe they want to get rid of obligatory swedish as a subject in schools and universities , which is a quite popular sentiment among many finns , not just the political party finns . 
  i googled a few statements about the sami , and it seems they are much more in favor of them , at least when it comes to the language and education . 
  the thing is , swedish finns are seen as the `` elite '' , `` b\u00e4ttre folk '' , by many people , so it 's only natural for a populist party to go after them . 
  as for swedish swedes , the finns want closer co-operation with our countries . 
  fair enough , it was an oversimplification for people to get the general idea . 
  first of all , their name directly translated would be `` common '' or `` regular '' finns . 
  they despise the so-called elite , try to communicate a black and white viewpoint on complicated matters and in general try to offer simple answers to everyone 's everyday worries . 
  some people might be worried about some new eu policies - the answer is to leave the eu . 
  some people might be worried about the increasing immigration - close the borders . 
  and that sort of thing . 
  also the party 's leader for 20 years considers himself to be populist , and the party has been his one man project . 
  when the party grew it attracted people across the political spectrum by not being behind a certain ideology ( if you do n't consider populism in itself being an ideology ) . 
  finland would support this , and probably sweden too . 
  midsummer is our biggest holiday and an extra day to recover from it would be welcomed . 
  also the church tax pays for the upkeep of all the churches . 
  most people , religious or not , want to preserve historical buildings like churches , they 're part of the landscape and culture . 
  the machines in both pics are made by a norwegian company , tomra . 
  probably the most common machines in finland too . 
  hey now , wait a minute , time out . 
  first of all , where i live , the karelian tribe rules the lands - savonians are our enemy . 
  second , i 'm not originally from here , hence i used `` people '' instead of `` we '' . 
  so i 'm practically just an outside observer originally from the more civilized south-eastern finland ( i 'm half tavastian half south-karelian ) . 
  no , i 'm from the east . 
  to be fair this confuses me too , and i 've lived almost all my life in finland . 
  never seen anything even remotely close to the situation in the pic . 
  i guess here in the eastern parts people are just weird . 
  [ green mountain from chernarus ] ( https://youtu.be/gaujwut4usm?t=1m5s ) . 
  `` there is no shame in deterrence . 
  having a weapon is very different from actually using it . '', 
  hmd global just recently released [ a new version of the classic nokia 3310 phone ] ( http://cdn2.gsmarena.com/vv/pics/nokia/nokia-3310-2017-0.jpg ) . 
  you can make vodka out of potatoes , so win win . 
  i think people were talking about cross-country skiing , not downhill skiing . 
  aioli or any kind of garlic sauce is the way to go . 
  can you explain what the joke in that is ? 
  i 'm finnish and it just says mammoth in finnish , which is `` mammutti '' . 
  edit : ah , got it , thanks everyone !, 
  maybe it 's shown through finnish and through latvian connections , for reasons i do not know . 
  finnish too has lots of germanic words other than swedish . 
  [ do you speak english ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxum-2x-2dm ), 
  pisa scores are average scores of thousands of students . 
  only a few of the best take part in that olympiad . 
  finnish , same order : asterix obelix idefix akvavitix aladobix caravellix amaryllix senilix trubadurix, 
  oops ... 
  i 'm a roman spy and i messed up . 
  they are still very popular and can be found in pretty much any library in finland , including small side branch libraries . 
  they also continue to replace old and worn albums with new editions !, 
  many times a father , less often a mother , has come to our library with their kids and while borrowing asterix albums have commented to me how they loved these books as a kid and it 's amazing that now their kids love them too . 
  i can only agree , i loved asterix too . 
  they have these for some finnish dialects too , at least savonian and karelian dialects and helsinki slang . 
  they 're awesome . 
  they were writing in dialect too , so the little help google translate would normally be is completely useless . 
  glonass has both open and locked signals , russia could as easily close the open signals as the us could do with gps . 
  edit : apparently gps does n't have seperate open and locked signals so it is n't quite the same . 
  mine was a 2 litre 113hp petrol/benzin . 
  a bit rubbish but powerful enough not to get stuck on traffic . 
  i had a '97 laguna i , so not anywhere near a high end car , but everyone that first sat down on either the front or rear seats immediately commented how comfortable the seats were . 
  it was a great car for long journeys . 
  but oh dear the reliability , especially here in finland where it 's winter for 6 months a year . 
  whether it was the windscreen wipers , or the rear window heater , or mirrors , or the central locking , or the airbag light problem because the wires under the front seats were shut , or you name it , it always had something wrong . 
  customs . 
  you ca n't bring any alcohol from russia unless you stay there for over 20 hours . 
  and even after that , you can only bring 16 litres of beer and 1 litre of spirits/2 litres of wine .
