  now that i think about it , * my\u00f6t\u00e4h\u00e4pe\u00e4 * must look very strange to foreigners . 
  so many vowels and dots . 
  it is a great word , i do n't think there is an english equivalent . 
  in finnish it 's ` my\u00f6t\u00e4h\u00e4pe\u00e4 ' , which is loosely ` together-shame ' or ` on-behalf-shame ' . 
  another one for laka - pokusaj in this thread !, 
  i have to say i 'm a bit surprised although it 's a great eurovision entry , one of my all time favourites . 
  oh yes , pokusaj was my definite favourite that year and still one of my favourites of all time . 
  but what do you mean it did n't reach the finals ? 
  it finished tenth in the finals , pretty good . 
  i think their semi final performance was a bit better though . 
  my elderly mum has been annoyed that she was n't taught english in school way back when ever since she learned computers . 
  she feels she is missing out on a lot because there 's so little stuff on the internet in finnish and so much games and sites etc. 
  in english . 
  and she is completely correct , if you do n't speak english you are missing out on a huge amount of stuff . 
  i learned that in the local dialect milano is milan . 
  anyway , the other guy was just being a nitpicky douche , i wonder why i bothered to respond to them in the first place . 
  all in all i learned something new , so win-win . 
  if they did n't give them money , they would n't still be there . 
  master of the clit . 
  i had an australian professor at uni , and he too had lost most of his accent , though you could still recognize it as aussie . 
  after a few beers , however , he had this wonderfully broad accent . 
  it was such a revelation to me and others as freshmen , 
   milan which is milano in italiano . 
  another vote to aussie accent . 
  the broader the better !, 
  ( within reason ), 
  indeed kind of reminds me of the view ( of la ) from griffith park in vampire the masquerade : bloodlines . 
  now i want to play it again . . 
  same here in finland , and because the government alcohol monopoly stores are closed too , you can only buy alcohol up to 4,7 % abv . 
  and only from 09:00 to 21:00 . 
  same thing on easter sunday . 
  almost same thing on easter monday too , except some smaller stores can stay open for 4 hours between 12:00 and 18:00 . 
  i do n't like these restrictions at all . 
  not as retarded as this one they post in wales : http://i.imgur.com/j48odkl.png ... i 'll show meself out . 
  i remember slovakia 's flag from their hockey jerseys . 
  it has kind of a cross in it , and miroslav ** satan ** is a well known and excellent player , so ... 1 +1 , i remember . 
  also post-glacial rebound . 
  for example in finland it 's ~ 5mm per year , ~ 1cm in northern parts . 
  that 's almost half a metre in just southern finland alone before 2100 , if the rate stays the same . 
  there is something that looks like an asterisk after it , maybe the explanation is on the other side ? 
  indeed . 
  water conducts heat 20 times faster from the human body than air , so it is obvious that freezing weather and wet clothes is a very very very bad idea . 
  once you 've lost much of your body heat and your clothes are freezing , it gets really dangerous and fast . 
  dunno why the downvotes , it 's all common knowledge in cold climates . 
  you are better off naked than in soaked clothes . 
  either way , find a warm place , quickly . 
  it depends . 
  there are so many different saunas . 
  but the base point of all proper saunas is that there is a stove , wooden benches and at least 70 degrees celsius . 
  families with small children or people who otherwise dislike hot saunas can have 60 + degrees . 
  a mild , 70 degree , sauna just feels like it 's really hot weather and then some . 
  but when you throw water on the hot rocks on the stove , as you are supposed to do , it releases hot steam . 
  it feels stingy , like tiny pinches all over your skin . 
  the higher up you are in the sauna , the more stingy it feels . 
  your head and shoulders get the most `` stingyness '' , your legs might just sense a slightly hotter gentle blow of air . 
  hot air/steam goes up . 
  it might feel uncomfortable to some , or people new to sauna , but it 's not exactly painful . 
  somewhere between pain and pleasure , like tickling but with hot air  the hotter the sauna , the stingier the hot steam bursts get when you throw water on the stove . 
  at a 90-100 c sauna it can and will get painful even , especially if you keep throwing water like an idiot . 
  but it 's ok , it 's just a momentary heat . 
  even a 100-120 degree sauna is perfectly fine and not painful at all , just very hot , unless you generate the steam by throwing water on the rocks . 
  you can have a very pleasant hour long sit ( with cooling breaks and beers outside ! ), 
  in a warm room and sweat a little ( or a lot actually ) , or you can have a painful inferno which is in a way enjoyable too . 
  or anything in between . 
  it really is difficult to explain . 
  i tried . 
   edit : typos , prolly some left still . 
  you probably would go if you had one in your apartment !, 
  you can make this happen , germany !, 
  but i can see it being hilarious , i actually find the single room ( or studio ) apartments with a sauna pretty funny too , and i 'm used to having saunas everywhere . 
  saunas are getting more and more common in even the tiniest apartments . 
  and if you do n't have your own sauna , there is definitely one or more in the apartment building . 
  my ~ 40m ^ 2 apartment sadly does n't have one . 
  i 'd so like to heat one up right now , looking at the -25 on my thermometer ... 
   personally i moved out when i was 19 and most of my friends did so too at the age of 19-20 right after high school and our gap year . 
  if you are living at home when you 're in the beginning of your twenties people will find it odd . 
  same here , but for ( most ) men it 's high school -  compulsory military service -  move out to study or whatever . 
  welfare , free education , student benefits & housing subsidies are generous compared to most other countries , but living only with those is very very difficult . 
  student loans are affordable though and ( partially ) backed by the government . 
  water cannons/hoses in -10 weather , that 's going to be ugly ... those that get wet get frozen , quickly , and need to get to warmth fast . 
  haha , i was just going to edit in your last sentence . 
  some cities only turn off every third streetlight . 
  it does n't make a big difference in visibility , but saves a lot of money . 
  in finland many cities turn off every other streetlight at nighttime ( which is nice because my apartment has one light post right outside the living room window and it shuts down at 23 o'clock ) . 
  not at intersections or bus stops etc though . 
  it brings an estimated 30 % savings on the energy bill of the city of lahti , for example . 
  sounds major . 
  i really liked these ones : http://i.imgur.com/3cf6qab.jpg nature and science and vivid colours . 
  someone not a war hero . 
  [ adolf erik nordenski\u00f6ld ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adolf_erik_nordenski%c3%b6ld ) . 
  a scientist and arctic explorer , he led the first complete crossing of the northeast passage . 
  i think the first guy on the left is trying to find out exactly the same thing , he 's clearly on the lookout for something . 
  the guy next to him is obviously checking out the woman 's bottom . 
  the guy on the woman 's right side has clearly noticed that the first guy is on the lookout , so has frozen to appear innocent . 
  maybe she would prefer to sit in the finnish parliament session hall . 
  five statues , four naked men with their dicks out and the lone female is facing the wall and only showing a bare arse . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/istuntosali.jpg i , though , would prefer her to stay in sweden . 
  there is lots of ferry traffic between stockholm and turku too . 
  and there are other regular ferries , from mariehamn to stockholm and vaasa to ume\u00e5 for example . 
  i used to be a goat but then i took a flaming arrow to the ... not going to finish this .
