  not to mention those that show the `` central asian '' influence . 
  average turk i 'd call mediterranean olive skin . 
  turks are so diverse in looks that this conversation is literally impossible to have . 
  dog whistle is exactly what i 've been calling it , especially the way the mosque loudspeakers were used . 
  it 's ok . 
  i 'm in old england . 
  yes . 
  a lot of people think turkey was some secularist utopia before akp . 
  of course it is . 
  but then how do all these cool people living european lifestyles live their whole lives then ? 
  turkey has many , many nice and progressive areas , cities and towns . 
  i 've lived among the people on my holidays throughout my life . 
  it 's a beautiful half of turkey . 
  so so beautiful . 
  i have no idea about brazilian politics . 
  can you give me the low down ? 
  i 'm not in turkey . 
  go for it . 
  just curious where it was to ? 
  the tourist resorts are not affected by anything that is going . 
  not that i blame anyone for not going , but people on holiday within turkey are n't suddenly not having fun and having shit holidays because of what is going on . 
  the proportion of the population that is strictly secular is higher if anything . 
  problem is that the religious people have learned how to express themselves politically and they love it . 
  yes . 
  that is my hope . 
  looking at southern europe and the iron curtain . 
  one thing that must be remembered is that turkey never went backwards with erdogan . 
  our politics have always been fucked . 
  that 's what my friend who is from izmir and studying in istanbul has been telling me for a year . 
  after recent events i will truly follow that wisdom . 
  tell that to the polish people of uk . 
  i did it . 
  like not something sophisticated that gave me skills , some bullshit degree where i was n't really conscious of my educational path . 
  i want to do a stem subject , physics interests me the most . 
  here in uk and in america it was mostly for them . 
  do you guys just see a turkish flag and start chatting shit ? 
  i 'm not even an erdogan supporter , i hate islam and what it 's done to my country . 
   it took a long time for me to become reconciled to the fact that , while i love my job and my neighbourhood , as long as i am in germany i wo n't see a `` real '' winter anymore ( thoughout most of germany there is a very warm , very short half-winter ) . 
  a germany that was just as it is , except with the `` correct '' climate is an impossible fantasy , despite its desirability . 
  i just have to accept that . 
  so in a way i think i can see your point of view . 
  i will take that winter imagery as a beautiful metaphor for my own life . 
  thank you for your time , thanks you too . 
  money wise ? 
  you have to work harder there to get the same purchasing power that we have here . 
  i mean it 's possible in theory . 
  i 'm still young , if i worked hard and become a successful entrepreneur then i 'd be more comfortable living in turkey for sure . 
   the fact that you use a turkey flag instead of a british one is very telling . 
  pretty much . 
  i cringe whenever i consider identifying myself with the english or british flag . 
  i probably feel more identity with the american flag than british/english flags . 
  because we are business owners here and make a decent living ? 
  it 's a simple as that probably . 
  why does it matter ? 
  not like our justice system follows it anyway ... 
  i used to , but that 's because i kept hoping the politics will improve . 
  this year there have been several terrorist bombings and after what happened last week with the coup i have realised that the uncivilised country is not for me . 
  one reactionary thought i have immediately is that it 's difficult to compare migration from places like canada , america etc. 
  ( non-ethnic based nation-states ) to turkey . 
  i do n't feel racist jerks keep me from integrating , not at all . 
  in fact i often get annoyed as friends of south asian ancestry who say bad things about britain . 
  it 's just kind of like a situation of `` i am so made that i am turkish '' . 
  i dreamed since my teen years that i would live in turkey one day , i have a great and deep fascination for the country that goes beyond ethnic identity . 
   if the latter , do you recognize that it is a bit of a contradiction to enjoy the good parts ( e.g. 
  economic opportunity , freedom ) of a society , but refuse to live up to the social demands of that society ( e.g. 
  language and cultural integration ) ? 
  of course . 
  because this is exactly how the nationalistic kurds in turkey are . 
  no doubt . 
  looking at what islam is turkey i hope europe sees it as a warning for what can happen when an islamist polity expresses its `` democratic will '' . 
  my parents ' social circles are exclusively turkish . 
  that has a lot to do with it . 
  let me clarify that our turkish social circle is n't religious . 
  but it still has strong feelings towards turkey . 
  it 's difficult to bridge this kind of gap . 
  the only way for a western white person to understand is if their own ethnic group had similar migration patterns . 
   anyway , this rant is not directed to you personally , but this is a pattern that is a lot of times leads to radicalization of muslims . 
  glorifying their homeland , having parallel societies , feel no connection with the locals , and do n't seeing what the issue is with this - this is worrying . 
  well in my case i 'm from the kemalist turkish demographic so the chance of greater integration with a global western identity is strong . 
  it 's more complicated than `` they cheered for the birth of a religious dictatorship '' . 
  i 'm a kemalist turkish atheist , anti-islam , anti-islamism , anti-akp . 
  but a lot of the rhetoric after this coup is sensationalist . 
  average akp voter is just a poorly educated descendant of turkish villagers . 
  they are religious but not in a sharia law now !, 
  kind of religious . 
  i did n't . 
  raised by turkish born parents , turkish relatives , turkish family friends , eating turkish food , watching turkish tv , visiting turkey every year and keeping the connection to the motherland strong etc. 
  and in my teenage/adult life with rise of the internet obviously it 's even easier to keep in touch with turkey , people in turkey , watch turkish music and videos on youtube , read up on turkish news and politics , twitter , follow turkish football etc. 
  hell even here on reddit i spend most of my time on r/turkey . 
  what i meant is , the nationalist turks are n't only the pro-akp ones . 
  i find a lot of western commentators on turkish politics make this mistake where they assume the anti-erdogan turks are not nationalists . 
  kemalists are a very significant and strong polity in turkey . 
  25 % of the population based on those that voted for chp last election . 
  so let 's just say approx . 
  20 million turks at least are kemalist minded . 
  then if you take some votes from mhp ultra-nationalist party as well it can be 25-30 million . 
   how do you see turkey coming around to a secular state again ? 
  through the ballot box . 
  none of this coup shit . 
   so who orchestrated the coup ?
