  would france be categorised in the same way ? 
   basically you say it 's a murder and the turk says it 's man slaughter nobody denies that the guy being dead . 
  best explanation of the issue that i 've ever read . 
  marketing . 
  slap greek on all turkish foods and the anglosphere will love it . 
  til all my favourite turkish foods made from trash parts of the animals are enjoyed by balkans peoples too . 
  a lot of people think it 's like india-pakistan . 
  it 's nothing like that . 
  in fact a lot of this `` turks greeks hate each other '' is said more by outsiders than by the actual people . 
  it 's just one of those things in conservative cultures . 
  i know the same survey in turkey would produce the same result . 
   muslim here do n't dress islamic . 
  one of my school mates ( female ) is muslim and she never ever wore a scarf . 
  i never even knew she was muslim untill i saw her fb photos . 
  if it were possible to do a definitive survey of muslims in europe that are visible vs non-visible , the vast majority will be non-visible and people will not even be realising they are muslim ( except as you say , by name ) . 
  what 's the surprise ? 
  polish ethnicity is taditionally catholic and greek ethnic group is traditionally orthodox . 
  a czech fan gave me a free beer before our match in lens . 
  true . 
  but a lot of modern people in west do n't have that old context to hate turks . 
  any modern hate towards turks is a part of the post 9-11 muslim hate brigade . 
   my impression is that , despite remove kebab being based on the genocide of our people , the hate for bosniaks is mostly just an extension of hate for muslims ; that monolithic , borg-like , 1,6 billion people strong entity committed to fucking up the world . 
  this is the same thing i feel about haters of turks . 
  you know damn well that when people are being discriminatory towards muslims on the internet they are n't picturing european-looking non-religious people from muslim majority backgrounds such as balkans and turkey . 
  they 're picturing brown skin , ultra-religious , death to the west etc. 
  the image of muslims they have in their heads is a construct . 
   it 's like how in armenian genocide threads turkish redditors come in and mention some crime armenians committed against turks in 1750 . 
  us turks do this for a deeper reason though . 
  we feel that no one will ever commemorate our massacres in the same way that armenian massacres are commemorated . 
  we feel like the armenian massacre has a special place in the western ( and therefore world ) hearts because it involved christian victims of muslim oppression , especially since it happened at a time when christian rhetoric was still well rooted and popular in the western consciousness . 
   making nato into a political player within its member states is a surefire way to cultivate dissent inside the alliance . 
  how many member states would contribute troops to fight erdogan 's little civil war against the various kurdish factions ? 
  because it 's kinda-sorta obvious that this is what he has in mind . 
  fta : `` as we have seen from the terrorist attacks first in istanbul and then in iraq and saudi arabia , international security is becoming more fragile , '' he said . 
  `` the concept of a security threat is undergoing a serious change . 
  in this process , nato needs to be more active and has to update itself against the new security threats , '' he said . 
  clearly about islamist militants . 
  turkish republic of northern cyprus and azerbaijan . 
  because reasons . 
   if i could n't find something greek , turkish was the closest to home i could find i live in uk and though we have access to all the turkish goods we want , we sometimes buy greek yogurt and bulgarian cheese . 
  so i know what you mean , 
  how does this count dual-nationality ? 
  since nearly all diaspora born turks have turkish citizenship . 
  i can understand , but at the same time i ca n't . 
  stories where the ethnic origin of the rapists are not from the ethnic majority do fuel racism . 
  but then how can you tackle a problem if you do n't investigate the patterns ? 
  she herself is from turkish ethnicity , so her story could have been used to tackle racist attitudes and say `` look , muslims and muslim immigrant descendants can be victims of this too '' . 
  it is for me . 
  in an ideal world would they ? 
  video ? 
  i need to see this . 
  with the reconciliation with russia and israel , and now this , i 'm hoping he 's damaged some of his support . 
  especially with the rise of meral aksener . 
  wow that 's a shame . 
  in turkey it 's actually become very affordable for average person to travel domestically by air and airports now exist in even provincial areas one would never imagine to have an airport . 
  traditionally coach/bus was the only way but now it almost feels like the default is to go by plane . 
  is there not much competition in your sector perhaps ? 
  we have several domestic airlines so i imagine the competition is what keeps the prices affordable . 
  tl ; dr : turks also go on holiday to turkish holiday resorts . 
  i 'm not muslim . 
   and no , this reason is not because of islam . 
  this reason is the same why relatively speaking very few people really care about millions of germans forced to flee their homes in eastern europe after ww2 . 
  it is because of islam . 
  turkish prescence in balkans was n't artifical like germans in the lebenstraum . 
  just get over it . 
  turkish race is stronker than yours . 
   many of them now still have or had parents and grandparents who lived there and were either killed off or deplaced . 
  it 's much easier for you to deal with your loss then them with theirs . 
  exactly same with turks . 
  it 's not any easier to deal with the loss . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  i 'm over the loss of turkish communities in former ottoman lands . 
  greeks and all that should do the same . 
  and then we move together forwards to a beautiful peaceful future . 
  i 've been trolled by my own subconscious !, 
  we ourselves are descended from assimilated peoples . 
  how come when it 's us it 's stolen , but when it 's european peoples it 's not stolen . 
  well if it 's written on a vehicle i feel like i * have * to believe it . 
  you guys voted for facist back in the day . 
  give us some time . 
  early form of eu free trade and free movement . 
  fwiw they were n't ethnic turks/turkish speaking ottomans . 
  mostly north africans . 
   that in the case of europe , celebrations of this kind , from spain to bulgaria , it is normally a celebration of liberation . 
  while in the case of turkey , it is a celebration of conquest . 
  we had an independence war too ... 
  magyars are our bros. 
  why ca n't the ottoman empire just be seen as an empire dominating people like the christian empire 's of the day ? 
  that 's all it was , another empire that happened to have a different religion . 
  the narrative that it was worse to be under ottoman rule than other european empires , is simply christian propaganda seeming into modern day discourse . 
   we also celebrate the `` removement of kebab '' here i 've got to say while at first i was laughing along to this meme , recently i 've come to the realisation that it 's quite racist and demeaning and because people can easily say `` it 's just a joke meme '' it does n't get called out on that as much as it should . 
  the fact the term has origins in a comment about the breakup of yugoslavia makes it even worse , what with srebrenica and all . 
  not to mention it is quite offensive to turks with ancestry from former ottoman lands . 
  there is no mainstream internet circlejerk on the turkophone internet with the equivalent of `` removal of greeks/armenians/kurds '' , and if there is it 's simply a reaction to the `` remove kebab '' stuff . 
  so it 's quite rude for `` civilised europe '' to keep this kind of offensiveness up . 
  founding . 
  because istanbul is a totally different thing to what constantinople was . 
  it 's not like a conquest and continue . 
  it 's complicated . 
  europeans need to get over it .
