  my parents both have black hair and brown eyes too , but their skin is white . 
  my sister is white skin , green eyes and light brown hair . 
  she looks more like a stereotypical gocmen girl . 
  my grandparents are where it gets interesting , my dede and babanne are white , green eyes and were blonde in their youth . 
  my buyukbaba is like me and my annanne is brown skin ( darker than me ) . 
  we are such a diverse ethnic group , it fascinates me so much . 
  yes sir . 
  i think it 's a psychological issue . 
  going on the internet and being racist helps me with my self-esteem and insecurities . 
  cool , i have cousins and friends with bulgarian , greece and macedonian ancestry . 
  is it true that most balkan gocmen have whiter features than average turk , or are there esmer gocmen people as well ? 
  yes . 
  i only know from the internet . 
  i am . 
  self pity , victim complex and marginalisation is their number 1 hobbies . 
  depends on the koy i guess . 
  and yes we are all from villages . 
  the majority of turkish people are only 1-3 generations away from village ancestors . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i do n't give a shit about islam , many of us turks do n't . 
  well i know that is chanted at football matches of national team or club teams vs national teams . 
  so i do n't know . 
  seems more like a `` let 's go to battle lads !, 
  they probably shouted la allah bismillah allah hu ekber , yes that gets chanted at football matches . 
  i did n't hear it on the video tbh . 
  thanks  yes now that i think about it , of our neighbours on the internet , i see the least aggression towards us from you guys . 
  plus i have cousins and friends with bulgar turkish ancestry . 
  oh you 're christian . 
  i thought you were atheist . 
  carry on . 
   1683 - battle of vienna ( thanks to which turkish is not an official language in the eu ) you are mean . 
  why would that have been a bad thing . 
  perhaps if we 'd have been that deep in europe we would have reaped the benefits of the intellectual revolutions that europe went through and we 'd be on your level ? 
  anyway turkish will be an official language of the eu in our lifetime . 
  why did n't you let us stay . 
  we could have been friends . 
  i ca n't choose between that , 1453 , galipolli or ataturk 's birth . 
  that 's mean . 
  if you let us stay we could have been friends . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  turks are booing uefa for not doing minute silence for major turkish terror attacks that happened around that time , which had higher death toll than france 2 . 
  they are chanting `` martyrs will never die , the nation will never be divided '' which is what turks chant to protest against terror 3 . 
  we ca n't measure how many fans did n't observe it, 
  well we 're all inbred a few generations up since we were all from villages . 
  i 'm sure it 's the same for your people too . 
  it 's not up to us proles to change the world . 
  that 's on the rich cunts . 
  lol . 
  we have the unluck kf being bordering the middle east . 
  eurotrash motherfuckers fuel islamist militancy since iraq war days . 
  then it 's our fault . 
  i 'm hoping at least \u00d6zil and can do something . 
  they will know that airport well , all turks who travel to and from turkey regularly will know it from when they are babies . 
  well the whole reason we lost our `` stronk empire '' was european imperialism using the religion card to stoke religious division . 
  to be honest it was n't reported on that much in uk . 
  too busy with brexit i suppose . 
  why do n't they come and say that then . 
  lol a serb talking about ultra-nationalist brigades . 
  i do n't disagree no . 
  i just do n't think turkish government ( and west btw , it 's not turkey acting alone ) aided the hardcore isis salafists . 
  they aided other groups . 
   britain has its first taste of life ** unmoored ** from europe racist, 
  thanks man , nice to confirm our suspicions of what our neighbours think of us . 
  yes exactly . 
  can you blame us ? 
  more people have heard of your massacres than our massacres . 
  i agree . 
  currently turkey has no chance of fulfilling the criteria . 
  what i mean is , that turks do n't have a victim complex nor are we marginalized . 
  we are like you europeans , we have a superiority complex and it 's our minorities that are marginalized . 
  in fact of all the non-european peoples in the world , turks probably suffer the least racism since they are n't at a historical hegemonical disadvantage . 
  will brits riot now . 
  that sounds more like kurd and armenian talk . 
   also i find your enthusiasm for europe beautiful , but realistically for a foreseeable future you have no chance in joining the eu - and not only because every member can veto it . 
  in fact , you 're whole country is a process of estrangement from us , with your current leadership the political distance grows year for year . 
  if it happened now , they will veto . 
  but by the time it got to a veto stage , then turkey will have fulfilled all the criteria and will be a country in a much , much better shape and ready to join the eu . 
  so by that stage there probably would less chance of veto , since by then turkey would have a much better image . 
  being in the eu does n't make us progressive . 
  i 'm not saying turkey is perfect but it 's much more westernised than your words give it credit for . 
  how can you say that for sure when we are part of countless european organisations and institutions ? 
  the eu considers us a european nation that has equal chance of membership as any other . 
  eu is the european organisation . 
  `` rest of europe '' is n't dickheads on the internet . 
  become ? 
  it already is . 
  their attacks are not on this magnitude . 
  by the time it would get to that stage , turkey will be a country that is worth admitting . 
  eu considers turkey a country that can join , which means the eu considers it a european country . 
  it 's officially a candidate . 
  if the turkish government all of a sudden worked really hard towards fulfilling the criteria and obligations then it would be in the eu . 
  unfortunately the current government does n't give a shit about that . 
  in lebanon , iraq and pakistan yes it 's `` like rain in great britain '' . 
  in turkey it 's as shocking as when it happens in the west . 
  the star and crescent moon is not an islamic symbol . 
  in turkey it is a symbol of the turkish ethnic group . 
  it has become associated with islam in the west , because the turks historically were the `` face of islam '' so because western people had flags with crosses , it was naturally assumed the crescent moon was the islamic equivalent . 
  many non-turkic muslim majority countries adopted it for that reason and also organisation red crescent . 
  that 's a conspiracy theory on the level of 9/11 was an inside job . 
  eu says it is .
