  yes probably , i just want us to the best :(, 
   and off course islamic retoric and jihad was very useful for getting support form the muslim population to defend their country yep , even ataturk used it . 
  fair enough . 
  perhaps i am making an error and judging the bigger sample size in turkey vs smaller sample size in europe . 
  could also be about being a tourist , the `` white '' turks are less likely to be working the touristic industry jobs . 
  who knows . 
  shitty politicians and stupid people being manipulated to vote for them . 
  turkey is still chock full of `` tolerant , liberal , secular '' people and we are n't going anywhere . 
   culturally though , the turks are largely similar : they 're all muslims . 
  not really . 
  nearly all turks identify as muslim ( even some atheist turks as `` cultural muslims '' ) . 
  but actual practice varies , and i 'd say majority of country is not practicing islam and it 's just `` what they are : like how most europeans are `` christian '' . 
   it has a `` genetically '' and culturally european population , but it 's not in europe . 
  what is genetically european ? 
  bit controversial thing to bring up . 
  what do you see as culturally european ? 
  there are native turkish women that are naturally blonde . 
  true ataturk inspired nationalism is n't like that though . 
  after all he admired europe , was literate in french and do n't forget our national motto `` peace at home , peace in the world '' . 
  it 's weird but i feel like a lot of turks in western europe are browner on average than turks back home . 
  probably because of parts of turkey most of the immigration is coming from . 
  you 'd be shocked at how white looking many turkish people in the big western cities and towns of turkey are . 
  it 's almost like a different ethnic group from the image of `` turks '' you probably have . 
  not to mention the `` not giving a shit about religion '' thing that seems more popular among turks in turkey . 
  we 're a very diverse people indeed . 
  the discussion is n't about what they feel . 
  it 's about how they integrate . 
  it 's possible to feel turkish and be integrated . 
  in my experience in the uk , turks are much more `` british '' than other muslim majority peoples like pakistanis . 
  i think skin colour and racial look helps since turks are n't as dramatically different looking compared to a pakistani . 
  so it helps to bridge the gap . 
  we 're also less strict about alcohol and how our women dress , which is huge . 
  it was more due to rise of nationalism than religion though . 
  you are making it a religious rhetoric , but the events that caused the biggest drop in christian demographics of anatolia happened in early 20th century , at a time when nationalism started replacing religion as peoples main identifier . 
  europe did n't turn a blind eye . 
  for one thing there was no conception of `` europe '' . 
  it was just a bunch of empires/states/kingdoms doing their own things . 
  it was just how things went in those days . 
  empire a takes over empire b and assimilation occurs . 
  it 's the reason england is not celtic and english is major language of all celtic nations . 
  it 's the reason latin descended languages reign in southern europe . 
  it 's the reason slavs are where they are and hungarians too . 
  all these groups displaced , assimilated and took over former groups in their territories , many of which are now extinct . 
  it happened muslim on muslim and christian on christian as well ( and christian on muslim ) , not only muslim on christian . 
  so i 'm not saying these things did n't happen in anatolia . 
  but ... oh the american flag threw me off . 
  i see i 'm going to be arguing against a brick wall . 
   they do n't treat their women like animals and that 's a huge thing in a muslim country . 
  please enlighten me further about how women are treated in my ethnic group ? 
  yes , he was using it as first world = richest and best countries , second world = formerly poor countries that are now rich and developing towards level of best countries and third world = poorest and worst countries . 
  i would call turkey a 1.5 world country right now . 
  the .5 is thanks to islamism and pkk . 
  i hope so . 
  many turks do n't want it though ( even kemalists ) . 
  undemocratic and all that ... 
   it 's similar but not the same as big tribes massively converting . 
  good point . 
  due to our geography , turkic tribes were more likely to be bitten by the islam bug . 
   except the armenian border . 
  they have that one locked down solid . 
  the largest number of economic migrants to turkey are from armenia . 
  some turkic tribes that reached the balkans separately from the branch that settled in anatolia ( they went from via russia/ukraine ) became absorbed in balkan christian groups . 
  bulgarians are the best example since their ethnic group name is from a turkic tribe . 
  other than that i 'm not sure , but there are few turkic ethnic groups in russia ( near caucasus ) that are christian . 
  but that 's probably a later thing with expanding russian empire . 
  it 's the other way round in fact . 
  erdogan 's early days were very pro-eu and promising , better than anything before . 
  but then erdogan just ended up becoming a dick . 
  or rather he hid the fact he was a dick and let it all out afterwards . 
  the ancient anatolian is the main substrate that became hellenised , armenised , assyrised and eventually turkified . 
  sorry but that 's a very weird and inaccurate view of anatolian history . 
  anatolia was largely full of greek speaking christian peasantry at the time the turks arrived . 
  it happened with all major ethnic groups everywhere . 
  well the alternate history would be turkish tribes becoming christian in some way ( contact with byzantines ? ), 
  and then would still have pushed on and built a turkish speaking empire that overtook byzantium . 
   i could see a similar development to russia . 
  ah yes good point . 
  christian and european but still on the fringes . 
   because if you had n't invaded it it probably would be an asian part of an european country , greece , like france has land in southamerica just like anatolia ? 
  i guess we should pack our bags and go back to central asia lads ( even though we probably have more ancient anatolian genetic ancestry than greeks ) . 
  i think we naturally would have developed better that way since the intellectual revolutions europe went through would have networked their way into our higher culture earlier than they did . 
  turkey could n't join before nor now because of need for reform . 
  there are a lot more people in turkey who are n't muslims than is widely believed as well . 
  we are in european council , 
  kind of thing i expect in turkey , not here ... 
   yes , these attacks severely damaged turkey 's image , but they did n't target turkish turks . 
  so what are you trying to say ? 
  turkish turks are not a target to isis ? 
  why would n't we be ? 
  we 're infidels to them . 
  i wonder the same thing . 
  an own goal if i ever saw one . 
  the polls where he gets a plurality and not a majority ? 
  even me , an ethnic turk from britain , gets washed up in the media even though i avoid it as much as possible . 
  i get scared that turkey is a fucked up place and then i end up going there on holiday and thinking `` this place is quite normal , the western media sure do sensationalise '' . 
  oh god . 
  such bad times . 
  our football team breaks our heart too much . 
  we 've become so pro at genocide , we can do it without doing it . 
   open genocide of kurds where the fuck do you get this bullshit from .
