is there not an english translation ? 
  and also `` turk '' was used a catch all for all muslims from the ottoman empire , including arabs/north africans . 
  i sometimes wonder if that is why people stereotype turks as bring part of the same racial milieu as middle easterners/north africans . 
  yes that 's exactly what i 've said . 
  you must have misunderstood my post . 
  technically , if a genetic test was done , i am sure the majority of descendants of the pre-1453 constantinople citizens , will be ethnic turks , due to turkification over time . 
  oh shit , i did n't even know toronto/vancouver were n't your capital !, 
  so it 's like istanbul for us ? 
  not defending islam . 
  just being logical . 
  akp are not as fundamentalist as what you can get in pakistan . 
  the lines are blurry in the mediterranean . 
  when i say the lines are blurry i do n't mean vs black or brazilian , with them there is a clear distinction . 
  but for example the lines between mediterranean olive people and turkish and middle eastern olive people are blurred . 
  let me put it another way . 
  if a group of olive skinned iberians , italians or greeks went to germany , they 'd be stereotyped as being turks . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm thinking right now of jose mourinho . 
  let 's say when he was young and not famous , he definitely would n't be seen as a typical white european in countries of northern/central europe ( in fact he still would n't be ) . 
  in fact i remember seeing pics of him and his football team-mates , they very much looked like my people to me !, 
  while this is an interesting point , it 's not as if there are n't native white portuguese people who are dark and exotic enough to be racially abused in northern/central europe . 
  my cousin from antalya went on a school trip to poland in her high school years . 
  most of her schoolmates were olive skinned/darker phenotyped . 
  she was white skinned with blonde hair . 
  her friends played the running joke on her that the locals thought she was polish . 
  of course this was 10 years ago before this modern day refugee hysteria . 
  portuguese are white , the way my people are white and the way most of mediterranean europe is white . 
  that is to say , there is a diversity of skin colour and looks among them , which is interpreted as white or not depending on the person doing the judging and depending on the individual person being racially analysed . 
  you could get a group of turks with white skin light features and a group of portuguese with olive skin dark features , and ask people in europe to guess who are the turks ? 
  90 % + would say the dark portuguese . 
  non-religious turks and religious turks are united when it comes to nationalism . 
  no chance of your dreams . 
  no it was n't . 
  the whole `` iran was like turkey '' thing is exaggerated . 
  it 's not comparable to turkey at all . 
  i think , while what this moron is saying is scary and dumb and purposefully meant to enrage the opposition , we must always remember that `` turkish islam '' of the akp is on average , not the same beast as what you get from islamists in the middle east or south asia . 
  so when this moron parliament speaker says `` religious constitution should n't be neglected '' i imagine , giving him the benefit of the doubt , he interprets religious constitution similar to the republicans who want the 10 commandments to be hung up in courtrooms or w/e . 
  i really doubt he means making alcohol illegal and morality laws . 
  one thing is for sure . 
  there are enough secular minded and progressive minded people in turkey that the country will never be fully gone so to speak . 
  remember , those that support the opposition parties still have a majority and not every akp voter is a typical sheeple . 
  turkey is going through a bad political time , but sweeping statements about `` leaving the country '' are dumb and melodramatic imo . 
  i 've never lived there and yet strangely i can relate to how you feel about the motherland . 
  sure , but it 's not as simplistic as you make it . 
  turks disbanded the ottoman caliphate afterall ... we too freed ourselves from the ottoman yolk . 
  i do n't agree . 
  the privileged class of ottoman turks were seperate and not overlapped with the village commoner turks . 
   and muslims with different nationality . 
  this never happened . 
  non-turkish muslims ( except arabs and kurds ) were assimilated to the turkish ethnic group . 
  ironically the initial fights between the turkish state and kurds happened because the kurdish tribal leaders were upset that the caliphate had been disbanded . 
  under that definition , then turks were definitely victims of genocide by armenians as well . 
  ( turks used to live in what is now armenia in significant numbers ) . 
  using the word `` seized '' is very provocative . 
  all religious areas of worship are state property by default in turkey . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's disgusting how yellow the journalism on turkey can be . 
  i just want turkey to be the best country . 
  we won . 
  anatolia is ours . 
  ca n't it just end there ? 
  why the constant whining ? 
  turkey lost balkans and caucasus and we 're over it . 
  much of the current russian territory was turkic territory 500-1000 years ago . 
  in fact they were turkic before anatolia was . 
  well in that case shall we turks start claiming half of asia as ancient t\u00fcrkistan ? 
  come on russia , china and mongolia . 
  gib back our rightful clay . 
  absolutely . 
  because you guys are the ones bringing up other genocides , but it 's always the ones where christians were the victims . 
  the ottoman government were the hegemonical power that made life difficult for lower class turks and christians alike . 
  the turkish villagers were looked down upon . 
  `` t\u00fcrk '' was used as an insult by the ottoman upper classes . 
  there was . 
  turks and related muslims used to live in significant numbers in the balkans and caucasus . 
  when christian nation-states were formed in these lands , the turks were massacred and many fled to the remaining turkish lands ( modern turkey ) . 
  some do still live on in reduced numbers in balkans and caucasus , but not at the kind of ratio they made up before the wars of late 19th and early 20th century . 
  how come people like you bring up armenians , assyrians and eastern greeks being removed from anatolia , but never the turks removed from the balkans and caucasus ? 
  when the genocide of turks from areas of the former ottoman empire does n't get the same recognition as armenian genocide ( in fact it gets barely any recognition , most people probably do n't even know turks used to live in significant numbers outside of modern turkey ) pardon us for being a little stubborn when this subject comes up in discussion . 
  and turks . 
  do n't bulgarians have the problem that recognising the armenian genocide would mean having to recognise the genocide of ethnic turks from bulgaria ? 
  the fact that there are diverse political opinions among turks seems very shocking to europeans . 
  the bird 's named after both countries , 
  the first part yes . 
  the 2nd part no . 
  yes true , i tried to stretch it there with the hindu part . 
  i guess it 's better to say they wo n't know much about hinduism beyond `` it 's the thing indians believe '' . 
  interestingly most turks think all indians are hindu , they do n't even realise there are more indian muslims than there are turks !, 
   never met a dodgy sikh . 
  there are sikh gangs involved in the illegal drug trade in uk and canada ... 
  is that statement qualified with evidence ? 
  i would n't say turkish muslims are less successful than sikhs across the western world . 
  pakistani muslims probably are though . 
   is n't aware of the general sunni islam perspective regarding sihks and hindus . 
  tbh , it 's exclusively the pakistani/south asian sunni islam perspective . 
  most muslims in the world do n't know what a hindu or sikh is . 
  for example if i told a turkish person there is a religion in india called sikhism , they would cry tears of laughter ( sik means fuck/dick in turkish ) . 
  same if you tell them there 's a religion called hinduism ( hindi means turkey bird in turkish ) . 
  well our wall with the syrian border is half done . 
  actually the whole idea of europe `` being scared of big bad turkish empire '' was n't really a thing in europe .
