  if caucasus muslims and crimean tatars count as well , then them too of course . 
  of course . 
  turks are muslims . 
  isis are muslims . 
  they both hate assad . 
  this makes them the best of friends . 
  that `` they promote '' and which gullible people swallow as fact . 
  there are people who think kurds are more progressive than turks . 
  it 's so hillariously ignorant . 
  western values are most evident amongst turks than any other ethnic group in the region . 
  kurds in turkey are the most religious and taditional demographic . 
  the total switcheroo in the western media is like a comedy . 
  what 's your proof ? 
  `` erod\u011fan is an islamist '' ? 
  haha . 
  tbf even most pro-akp religious maniacs are aware of our connection to azerbaijan . 
  their language is n't as mutually intelligible . 
  turkish and azerbaijan are basically dialects of the same language . 
  for those do n't know . 
  azerbaijanis are essentially turks . 
  their language is 90 % mutually intelligible with turkish and historically they called themselves turks and their language turkish . 
  as the saying goes . 
  2 countries 1 nation . 
  please shut up . 
  you 're so boring with your constant mischaracterisation of turkey as a sunni extremist state . 
  you know nothing about gulen . 
  but i feel the turk in my blood . 
  ca n't i have 2 countries ? 
  100 % all turks from every political party is saying it . 
  i think a devolved solution would be good . 
  is turkey some sort of hell ? 
  i mean you guys talk like there 's no secular social life there at all . 
   there are many turks who would give their first born to be in your situation . 
  indeed , they remind me every summer lol . 
   poverty is a huge issue . 
  it 's not a nice country and will continue to fall . 
  but at least if you move there you 'll stop being a hypocrite . 
  this ai n't happening . 
  relative poverty is huge , but actual africa poverty is not . 
  it is a nice country and will continue to rise . 
  akp government has extended free travel on public transport to sunday in order to accommodate the chp rally . 
  also several akp mps are going to attend the chp rally . 
  not with west european people , but certainly with mediterranean and balkan european people . 
  mass immigration is a disaster with unenlightened people . 
  secular turks are pro-european and will not cause social problems . 
  it 's not a shithole . 
  i just do n't have the confidence . 
  if i had a stronger degree from a stronger university i 'd have more confidence though . 
  no problem , it is very interesting observation of german turkish community and problems of integration . 
  thanks for your advice , it will be a big psychological change but i will endeavour . 
  ok i 'll work on it . 
   i feel your pain . 
  but please do n't go . 
  if you are in istanbul or close buy . 
  come to the chp meeting on sunday 18.00 in taksim . 
  remember : i wo n't be there , but i ca n't wait to see it . 
  i know the evil western media wo n't report on it . 
  i love my country like a man loves a woman . 
  i like the uk like a friend . 
  i am like ataturk . 
  i am grateful , where did i say i 'm not grateful . 
  i just love turkey like a man loves a woman . 
  my feelings towards uk are like a friendship . 
  it 's ok . 
  the secularist demographic is still strong . 
  they are going to do a protest against the coup in taksim on sunday and the akp government of istanbul has made the public transport free on that day . 
  trash article . 
  propaganda , make them look nicey nice so the west supports them . 
  that 's just a face to look innocent to the west . 
   did you want to coup to succeed ? 
  no the coup was by a group of islamists even worse than erdogan . 
  i 'm not saying that ... but a lot of western people are acting like this is all a big ruse to get rid of all opposition to erdogan or some b/s like that without understanding the threat of the gulenists . 
  getting rid of the gulen virus . 
  spot on analysis of what has gone on . 
  i am british born and have always lived here . 
  i 'm ethnic turk though . 
  both my countries are fucked :(, 
  this better get upvoted so people understand what the `` purge '' is all about . 
  of course but i 'm still in love with turkey and think about it more than the uk :p, 
  do n't worry we 're the fattest in europe already !, 
  we 're coming for you . 
  of course . 
  i do n't know i guess i 've never seen myself as `` those immigrants '' because i have a secular pro-western outlook . 
  thanks . 
  for me it is n't really a `` outside turk '' vs `` inside turk '' thing . 
  even within turkey the reverence for ataturk 's turkey is quite strong . 
  this guy 's total rejection of turkey is rare indeed . 
  they are largely not from the secularist demographic . 
  there are a lot of turks who say `` hang 'em '' when talking about pkk . 
  i was referring to the facist dictatorships . 
  secularist turk asylum seekers look like europeana though ... it 's a bit different than scruffy brown people . 
  so i am jealous of erdo\u011fan ? 
  he took my country from me ? 
  secularist turks are like `` white people '' though . 
  they are n't like the stereotypical image of middle eastern immigrant . 
  interesting opinion , a rare one amongst turks . 
  how do you feel about atat\u00fcrk ? 
  it 's a difficult discussion to have because it 's purely anecdotal . 
  but anyone that takes some time on google images and social media will be able to see a good range of turkish looks . 
  which of course range from `` white '' to `` middle eastern '' and everything in between .
