  i would n't call everyone that votes for akp as anti-secular . 
  it 's a mess . 
  aegean federation ? 
  yes please . 
  in my personal experience i find secularist turks to consistently be nationalists . 
  not as cringey as akp nationalists , but nationalists nonetheless . 
  especially compared to the `` left wing '' of europe . 
  it was n't the religious demographic of turkey that started our nationalistic feelings after all . 
  it was ataturk . 
  all major countries are mixed cultures , but for some reason we get called out on it more :( and by `` for some reason '' i mean racists :(, 
   we must have spent at least 30 minutes in the store with the owner offering us tea and talking to us . 
  yep that 's my culture . 
  or saying goodbye to guests at the front door , and then speaking with them for another 30 minutes . 
  while it 's not looking good , there is still a staunchly ataturkist and secularist outlook on the western and southern coasts , in thrace and in certain parts of istanbul and ankara . 
  population wise it still constitutes nearly half of the country . 
  so hope is indeed not lost and these parts of the country will still exist and live their lifestyles , but the political system will be fucked . 
  this is one thing that is weird about our tourism industry . 
  it promotes a lot of `` oriental mystery land '' imagery , that is not representative of the real turkey at all . 
  camels are a part of that , and the clothing that the maras dondurma people wear . 
   but they became germans soon afterwards and you wo n't see them hanging croatia , serbian , bosnian , turkish flags around . 
  that sounds like a weird assessment . 
  just because they do n't wave the flags makes them `` become germans '' ? 
   however they do not represent the nationalism level of metropolitan areas of turkey i dunno , can you be sure ? 
  look at the 2007 republican protests in izmir . 
  you do n't see that kind of mass flag waving in the west , even in america . 
  you guys have coastal areas that are secular and a large middle part filled with religious nutjobs . 
  bffs ? 
  one thing that must be added to comments on turkish nationalism is that it is n't exclusive to akp supporters . 
  secular turks can be pretty nationalist , in fact if anything more so than akp turks . 
  of course you wo n't believe it . 
  america is your lord and saviour . 
  that 's what they 'd like to think . 
   sharia + islamic republic of turkey would be my worst case guess . 
  you guys are fucking stupid . 
  i 'm a kemalist atheist turk and i think it is plausible . 
  i did n't believe it before , but the gulen claws run deep . 
  rightfully so . 
  america had a hand in this via gulen . 
  thank you . 
  we need it at this time . 
  better than the pro-coup morons . 
   they already criminalised an entire group of politicians ( hdp ) no they did n't . 
  they 're still in the parliament . 
  i despise erdogan but hdp have problems of their own with pkk supporters . 
  chp all the way . 
  it 'll mess it up , but to be honest being under a full military dictatorship will have fucked the economy well and truly . 
  and i say that as someone who was hesitantly excited when the coup news first broke . 
  posturing ? 
  kashmir says different . 
  india is a shithole compared to turkey . 
  did n't see that coming . 
  you win . 
  yes istanbul atat\u00fcrk has a special place in my heart as a diaspora born turk . 
  the first time i ever entered turkey as a baby was though that airport , the excitement of arriving `` home '' is in that airport and the sadness of going back to the uk is in that airport . 
  as you say the international is full of a strange diversity , it is the silk road of air travel !, 
  the domestic terminal is interesting too , since it shows a microcosm of turkish society as a whole as well . 
  you are spot on mate . 
  whenever i get into a conservation with people and they say `` oh i went to turkey '' or w/e i never actually see it as a point of conversation because the turkey in my head and the turkey in their head mighy as well be 2 different countries . 
  holiday companies block people off from the real country . 
  it 's kind of sad . 
  then what 's worse there are people whose image of the country as a whole is bases on what they saw in their narrow holiday/tourist resort part of turkey and sometimes that gives a really bland and shit view of a country . 
  sounds a lot like turkey . 
  yes . 
  istanbul and izmir are closer to balkan capitals than they are to the south-east region of turkey and the syrian border . 
  how come i 'm not afraid to travel to turkey ? 
  turkey is n't an islamic state . 
  no , but it 's just an interesting observation . 
  turkey automatically gets a scarier image if a terror attack happens there than in france , would n't you agree ? 
  even though the frequency of major attacks is similar . 
  well they were idealistic . 
  they thought they could get rid of assad and install a civilian government . 
  they were wrong , mistakes were made . 
  just like saddam and iraq . 
  well in that case you should be shouting at your own government . 
  west is in the rebel game together . 
  i do n't support akp . 
  but they did n't support isis fighters . 
  they support western backed rebels . 
  well i guess , but the danger levels of south-eastern turkey vs rest of turkey is like the danger levels between europe vs iraq/syria . 
  and the main heartbeat , population etc. 
  everything that defines the country is n't in south-eastern turkey . 
  south-eastern turkey is fundamentally different to the rest of the turkey though . 
  it 's like if algeria was still part of france and you did n't separate attacks that happened in algeria with attacks that happen in mainland france . 
  that 's not a fair comparison . 
  south-eastern turkey is like if algeria was still a part of france and there was a lot of dumb shit going on there . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:terrorist_incidents_in_turkey_in_2016 this lists like 16 attacks this year alone . 
  hardly same as europe . 
  if you discount south-eastern turkey which is basically a `` wild west '' kind of place , then it is more comparable to europe/france . 
   turkey on the other hand has a lot of terror attacks reported to us and the same amount not reported . 
  since they are so often , nobody wants to go there . 
  i 'd disagree with this if we consider south-eastern turkey it 's own bubble . 
  then turkey has a similar frequency of attacks to france ( perhaps even less ) . 
   though western countries is n't your biggest income , as far as i know it is like 80 % russian ? 
  yep and we 've got them back on board now since erdogan and putin made friends . 
  elaborate ? 
  yes you are right , doner kebab is a traditional turkish food . 
  it is as native to the balkans as it is to turkey via the ottoman influence . 
  the `` invented in berlin '' myth is half true . 
  it was n't the doner kebab itself that was invented , but the form that we know it as in western takeaways . 
  a lot of western people now appear to view turkey as an unsafe tourist destination due to our recent terror attacks .
