  you must have non-lithuanian ancestry . 
  the land of lithuania was n't always lithuanian , so presumably ancestral lithuanian tribes migrated in and lithuanised the locals . 
  i do n't think it makes progressive but it makes it pretty clear we do n't give a shit about islam . 
  most of us reddit turks do n't vote for erdo\u011fan . 
  good luck with your dreams when you sleep . 
  you know nothing of the secular demographic of turkey do you ? 
  we drink alcohol ffs . 
  how religious can we get after that . 
  yes ( turkified to be precise , islam naturally comes with that ) a portion of our ancestry is , but are n't all ethnic groups in the world partly xified ys . 
  they do n't anymore . 
  not since they started watching our melodramas . 
  well that 's the whole image problem we turks have . 
  we 've fixed it in countries where we export our tv dramas ( balkans ) but it still exists in place that have n't imported our shows ( rest of europe ) . 
  tbf america is very different on this subject . 
  if he controls the country how come i still enjoy alcohol and frolicking with opposite sex in public when i 'm in turkey ? 
  gosh you guys sure know a lot about a country you 've never been to or read about in depth . 
  what 's the mentality behind this ? 
  are syrians automatically compatible with bosnians/albanians/turks just because they are muslim ? 
  i do n't know about bosnians/albanians ( though i imagine it 's the same ) but the rhetoric i hear from turks about syrian refugees is very similar to the rhetoric i hear from europeans , same kind of racism and fear mongering . 
  the fact syrians share religion with turks/balkan muslims means nothing . 
  turkey is more than erdogan . 
  did you just ignore the last sentence of his comment ? 
  ** `` the majority of the turks who will visit europe are upper-middle class , educated , secular western turks . 
  '' ** the guest workers were mostly from poor rural turkish backgrounds from half a decade ago . 
  it 's two totally different demographics and time periods in turkish history . 
  do you understand what it means to be from one ethnicity , a vibrant and culturally strong one like turkish , and be born and grow up in a foreign country ? 
  it 's easy from the outside to shout about how people should identify and behave , but as a british born turk i know what it feels like . 
  it 's not as easy as the words you say . 
  i 've lived my whole life in uk but i 'm turkish . 
  no two ways about it . 
  oh come on man . 
  neither your , nor my countries are truly catholic or muslim . 
  people say they are , identify with it , it 's tied to culture . 
  but it 's not like , proper proper . 
  like for example relationships before marriage . 
  very common in turkey , dating and boyfriend/girlfriend stuff . 
  i 'm sure its common in poland as well . 
  but really , in both of our religions , it 's probably frowned upon i imagine . 
  so obviously our countries are n't that influenced by the religions . 
  it 's all just talk and conservative identity politics . 
  yes fair enough . 
  many of my compatriots at r/turkey are the same . 
  still i think you guys get it better than us . 
  we , being muslim majority/next to middle east , get dragged into the `` middle eastern shithole '' image . 
  oh gosh , i just need to relax , watch some tv and have a snack . 
  have a good evening and good luck to your team in the football !, 
  why do you guys always assume the worst ? 
  i guarantee you now , the majority of turks that would take advantage of visa free , will be middle class to upper class , university educated , secular minded turks who just want to visit on holiday and see the glorious european heaven that is so idolised in turkish popular culture . 
  in other words , `` white turks '' ( a demographic , not racial , term ) the type of turks that would be mistaken for being from a european ethnicity before being mistaken for being turkish . 
  so even if they wanted to stay , they would n't create ghettos and would just integrate and blend in . 
  i always see my country being misrepresented on the internet and i can also hear the general ignorance towards turkey in real life as well . 
  it 's tiring , but i love going in and correcting the image . 
  i 'm not an erdogan supporter . 
  i hate islam , probably even more than you . 
  yet it grinds my gears that turkey is always made to look like a sharia dysoptian state by europeans/americans who base their opinion on a country on yellow journalistic/sensationalist news headlines . 
  culture ? 
  what is so fundamentally different about average turk lifestyle compared to european ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  do n't tell me islam , because only a very small minority of turks take islam proper seriously ( probably a higher percentage of muslims in europe that take islam seriously , than in turkey ) . 
  most turks are just culturally muslim and at most will go to friday prayers . 
   we can cripple your economy and make turkey a shithole whenever we feel like it . 
  do it . 
   if turkey gets free visa travel then europe and especially germany and other states will get over the following years millions of poor kurd emmigrants from eastern turkey . 
  i doubt that turks themselves will move out of turkey en mass , turkey is a great place to live with rising economy . 
  omg a european that actually gets it ? 
  sorry to comment so condescendingly but you 've made proud good sir . 
  i will keep an extra eye on latvia 's football matches in the future :'), 
  just let their fear-mongering continue . 
  it 's fun for them to consider that every turk is desperately waiting to run away from turkey at the first opportunity . 
  it 's fun for me to laugh at that ignorance lol . 
   all brown people ( turks brown cuz muslim ) i 'll never understand how this brown stereotype of us still exists in this day and age . 
  are people blind ? 
  why ? 
  a random turk from that 79 million is more likely to be attuned to european values than a random syrian picked from that 3 million . 
  in turkey matches we chant against pkk . 
  hahaha the downvotes prove your point . 
  that 's exactly what we say about the armenians . 
  `` they allied with the russians '' . 
  well obviously . 
  most if not all atheist turks have family or friends that are religious muslims . 
  indeed looking at our politucs is sometimes amusing , b/c there are loads of families and friends across this divide . 
  sounds like an anime waiting to happen . 
  thank you for this comment . 
  those kurds rebelled for religious reasons , not ethnic . 
  me too . 
  i 'm jealous of friends and cousins from turkey that grew up in those kind of places . 
  they definitely had way cooler childhoods and teenage years than i did in the uk . 
  they 'd all laugh at me for saying that , since uk/europe is the dreamland of course . 
  i do n't think there are very many turks that equate pkk with kurds . 
  on the internet at least many turks endeavour to point out that northern iraqi kurds are friendky with turkey and that most kurds in turkey are integrated in turkish society . 
  i 'm at a loss for point 1 . 
  what rights do kurds not have ? 
  if it was like apartheid south africa i 'd agree with you , but it 's not and kurds can be found all over the country and you would n't be able to distinguish some kurds based on looks . 
  point 2 i do n't get ? 
  this bombing is pkk , and any isis/islamist bombings in turkey have been home grown isis sympathisers , but not carried out by isis directly . 
  i agree with points 3 and 4 . 
  well that 's pkk for you . 
  they fuck up the economy in kurdish majority areas , so of course they 'll spread the same to other parts of the country . 
  so what is the solution to all this bloodshed in turkey ? 
  a very stupid thought process you have there .
