  i 'm over the fact that altai mountains are part of russia . 
  erdogan 's zealot army might be , but 1453 resonates with secular turks as well . 
  for me there is no problem with all the peoples getting their independence and living in their own ethnic majority nation-states . 
  i only have a huge problem with the way it all turned out though via the european meddling in our affairs which resulted in a lot of bloodshed and people having to flee their homes ( turks fleeing from balkans and caucasus to anatolia , greeks fleeing from anatolia to balkans etc. ) . 
  i know i 'm going into idealistic alternatehistory territory , but i would have wished independence to have happened organically over time and for the fallout not to have been so bloody . 
  of course it 's easy for me to say that , and then we look at turkey today with some kurds wanting independence . 
  would we be living in a turkey today with greek and bulgarian militants if the alternatehistory happened ? 
  you europeans seem to get really , really wound up by erdogan . 
  us turks on reddit do n't like him either , but you guys seem to take it to another unnecessary level . 
  i used the wrong terminology . 
  i just meant `` christians living in the ottoman empire '' , accidentally wrote it as minorities . 
  do n't you also think it 's a `` looks '' thing ? 
  a person with racial features that overlap with the white british majority are going to find it easier to integrate by default . 
  it says `` converted to islam '' . 
  but it sounds more like `` converted to militant islamism '' via wahhabi , salafi or pseudo-wahhabi-salafi groups . 
   can you imagine if americans , australians or canadians made the same gesture about their conquests ? 
  but they do ? 
  christopher columbus , james cook ? 
  fatih sultan mehmet is our equivalent . 
  i personally partly agree with that teaching of history . 
  the nationalist feelings of christian minorities were spread by the european powers in order to destroy the ottoman power . 
  it worked and their final aim was to remove turks of their own sovereignty . 
  i do n't see the problem in celebrating our main city 's founding . 
  yes it certainly was . 
  they won 2-1 in the 2nd half !, 
  i did n't realise we were this poor . 
  my retort to your argument would be that the intentions of the european union are to create as strong of a bloc of countries as possible . 
  fact is that turkey has that land in thrace ( which incidentally is as much land as some of the eu countries have in total ) . 
  so why not just forget this nonsense history argument and get on with it ? 
   and who did the tatars cleanse from crimea before ? 
  was crimea unpopulated land ? 
  crimea was n't cleansed of any presence that was there when the tatars arrived . 
  indeed turkic presence in crimea goes as far back as slavic presence in europe and longer than latin presence in romania . 
  what 's this trying to say ? 
  there are isis supporters that hold gatherings in london as well . 
  not to mention there 's no proof . 
  also just because people have the wahhabi/salafist look does n't automatically make them isis . 
  europe 's core modern values are not based on christianity and turkey 's modern values are not based on islam . 
  in fact , it 's difficult to say if european and turkish cultures were even based on their respective religions in medieval times , considering that dogmatic religious values were instilled from top-down via totalitarian monarchies and were n't naturally inherent to the way people brought up their children ( especially considering the religious texts were read in liturgical languages that the common folk could n't even read or understand ) . 
  i disagree entirely with you . 
  `` core values '' . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  what does it represent ? 
  what `` core values '' are different in turkish and european culture ? 
  the answer is none . 
  the state structure of the european union members and turkey are certainly different , this core value currently is not in sync . 
  that 's where i can draw an agreement . 
  you know who do have similarities between both european and turkish culture ? 
  the right wing religious fundamentalist segments of each sphere . 
  europe thankfully has long got rid of right wing religious fundamentalism and it is very marginal in the european union ( from christians ) . 
  turkey kind of did get rid of it , then it had a rebirth . 
  make no mistake , the kind of right wing nationalistic religious rhetoric used by erdogan , akp and their voter base is n't exclusively islamic in any way . 
  you could replace all the religious trappings in turkey with christianity and the whole thing would still work . 
  anyway this `` culture difference '' thing comes up regularly in this debate . 
  i 'll have to make a self thread about it . 
  elaborate on the culture differences . 
  most turks do not live their lives by islamist rules for one and turkey is a free market capitalist economy . 
   also , cyprus is undeniably of greek heritage . 
  what makes greek heritage worthy of eu and turkish heritage not worthy of eu , considering that the traditional ethnic cultures of both ethnic groups are very similar ? 
  is it feasible for us to reach the level of civilisation we desire without being a part of the eu ? 
  i feel like it will improve turkey as a country . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i am nationalist but i feel like eu would help us so much . 
  the english remainers have got to me . 
  lucky . 
  we had more people than that in 2013 for some trees . 
  we got beaten up by the cops and government got stronger . 
   second , while all other invaders in europe ended up blending in the conquered territories , the turks made the huge mistake to not do so . 
  in the conquered countries , they lived as aristocrates . 
  above the population . 
   which let to the genocides we are talking here . 
  the only way turkey was to survive , or as it seams itself at the time , was to homogenize its population hence slaughtering anybody not turk in anatolia . 
  you are talking shit . 
  most turkish ancestry is from anatolians that became turkified . 
  no it 's not about that . 
  european union are n't discriminatory . 
  it 's an organisation that promotes better values than that . 
  do you reckon if we sorted ourselves out and joined eu it would help your economy ? 
  what do you mean `` darker toned people '' ? 
  turks are approximately similar in tone to the balkan peoples . 
  what racism was there in the ottoman empire ? 
  actually not meeting all the conditions of the accession criteria is the reason we wo n't be allowed to join . 
  ever since brexit i 've become convinced turkey should do all it can to meet the eu entry criteria . 
  come on akp . 
  come on . 
  stop being mean . 
  i hope turkey meets the criteria in my lifetime . 
  eu is a beautiful project of civilisation . 
  most cypriots voted for the reunification party . 
  i do n't think islamists/erdogan supporters would do that . 
  look at the latest cyprus election results and you 'll find you are wrong . 
  yes , but it 's a bit rude is n't it . 
  most ethnicities are descended from assimilated peoples of neighbouring or extinct ethnic groups . 
  turks get unfairly picked on with this point . 
  how do you know they are islamist ? 
  my mind is blown , i 've always known it as a `` mediterranean country '' . 
  yes in some strange way the formation of our nation is slightly similar to how israel was formed by elites migrating from europe . 
   the most hardcore of all turkish nationalists were from the balkans i think is just simply because of proximity to nationalism in europe . 
   a lot of the residents of northern ireland want to be british a lot of the residents of northern cyprus want to be turkish ? 
  i just want my country to the best it can be .
