  or you know , europe has a better relationship with turkey than with russia . 
  could be that ? 
  which surprised me i must admit . 
  also we have a scary terrorist looking flag . 
  just look at that menacing moon !, 
  turkey is a part of the council of europe , uefa and countless other european political organisations though . 
   is n't istanbul technically european even if the rest of turkey is n't ? 
  technically , according to the traditional definition of the continent , yes . 
  even in turkey there are signs at each side of the bosphorus bridge that say welcome to europe or welcome to asia . 
  however in real terms . 
  turkey is a part of many european organisations and institutions . 
  so the rest of the country can technically be called european on this basis , and it is an official candidate country to join the eu , so the eu itself has said `` yes , you guys are european as long as you fulfill the entry criteria '' . 
  even if we want to go with the narrow definition , that part of turkey has a population of around 15 million people . 
  it 's like a country in and of itself , and indeed most of the power and influence in turkey is in that european part of istanbul . 
  it 's the real capital , even if ankara is the unofficial capital . 
  in turkey they are n't a daily occurrence though . 
  they 've become more common in the last 12 months . 
  for a turk , seeing these kind of attacks is just as shocking as it is to westerners when it happens in a western country . 
  even though we border iraq and syria , it 's still far away . 
  remember bulk of turkish population lives on the western part of the country , and are geographically closer to several european capitals than they are to iraq or syria . 
  social media is huge in turkey and nearly everyone has smartphones . 
  it 's as much a part and parcel of life as it is in the west . 
  so this will spread very fast . 
  i 'm still not over it . 
  but i could n't find it in my heart to not back you guys against spain . 
  in fact , of the `` big '' teams , i want you to win . 
  yes even above the belgian circlejerk . 
   6-continue to flood europe with thousands of poorly vetted economic parasites , many of whom share the ideologies of the suicide bombers . 
  proof ? 
  i 'm a dual national british born turk . 
  i was making jokes that if uk gets really bad after brexit i 'll move to turkey ( ironic ) . 
  or maybe in future if turkey ever gets in eu all us uk based turks will then have eu citizenship through our turkish citizenship and ironically make an eu migration back home lol now i 'm doubly sad , with no country to turn to :(, 
  this is what makes me laugh about `` erdogan is bringing sharia '' morons . 
  to the actual `` sharia supporters '' turkey is still very much a western devil state . 
  what `` nice try '' ? 
  it 's not like pkk-tak wo n't be celebrating . 
  let 's see how his supporter base reacts to this and the israel warming . 
  it would n't have been erdo\u011fan supporters . 
  most turks on reddit do n't like erdo\u011fan , but are nationalist and would have been emotional at that time . 
  if turkey meets all the criteria , that means all the negative points of turkey today will be gone and done . 
  if the criteria is met that means turkey has made its standard to the same level as eu countries . 
  turkey is an official candidate country . 
  this means the eu has essentially said `` yes you cn become an eu member , as long as you follow these criteria '' . 
  there 's no debate to be had . 
  of course it should n't . 
  not until it follows all the guidelines . 
  turkey is an official candidate country and will get in as long as it follows all the guidelines . 
  so no , do n't write it ? 
  plurality . 
   also that turkey isnt neutral at all in the conflict in syria , using it to make money out of daesh 's oil and fighting kurds . 
  oh this bullshit again, 
  and it 's all a show to get votes . 
  there are blondes in anatolia too . 
  who knows our country and people better ? 
  us or you ? 
  fwiw turkish immigrants to europe are predominantly from parta of turkey with higher proportion of black hair and non-white skin . 
  most do n't of course . 
  but many are aware of the `` slanted eyed '' nature of central asians and can put 2 and 2 together . 
  a minority from you and a minority from us . 
  meanwhile the majority hug and make friends at euro football matches . 
  theocratic would suggest that islamic law is turkish law . 
  but it 's not . 
  turkey is the still the most `` head screwed on '' major muslim majority country by a long long shot . 
  define the european race . 
   when people are getting beaten bloody in turkey because they bought a beer , or women get constant comments on being supposedly `` inferior '' or some stuff like it ; this is n't ok ( i 'm talking about that recent incident where people where beaten for buying beer during the muslim ramadan and the cops just stood by ) . 
  2 of those things have a bit more nuance than you 've given them . 
  the beer thing was an ambush , cops were n't present and 3 of the attackers were arrested ( hopefully charged , but not sure ) . 
  erdogan condemned the attacks . 
  women do n't get constant comments on being inferior . 
  one or two dumb politicians say stupid things about `` traditional gender roles '' . 
  happens in america and europe too with conservatives . 
  does n't change the actual law or general societal attitudes . 
  violence on journalists yes that is bad and no confusion there . 
   humanitarian values are based on christian roots of europe . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  christianity was retooled to be more humanitarian than its roots . 
  people have been saying this for 10 years . 
  it 's so silly . 
  it will not become an islamic dictatorship . 
  that would cause the country to go into civil war . 
  it 'll probably become a normal dictatorship though with islamic rhetoric used to rile the masses . 
  there still will be a chance . 
  erdogan will die and he will serve his term limit . 
  that 's unfair though . 
  how many of those turks know what religious law is , or is it made up in their head `` religion must be good moral stuff '' . 
   your median salary is extremely low remove the south-east kurdish majority region from that and i bet it shoots up . 
  of course not that in negates your point whether it 's hordes of turks or kurds that come . 
  that 's why context and subjectivity comes to it . 
  what is called `` white '' in southern europe will include more turks than what is called `` white '' in northern europe . 
  turks do not fit the `` muslim '' image that people are scared of though . 
  that 's as stupid as turks who think turkey is full of 100 % central asian descended people . 
  turkey 's political rhetoric was less religious then , but it still was n't good enough for eu standards . 
  thanks . 
  that is very kind . 
  i have been having a bad few days . 
  nice mentality . 
  then turkish people can retaliate by promoting support for islamist terror attacks in europe/america . 
  absolutely quality line of thinking you 've got going on . 
  izmir of all places . 
   semih parmaksiz , the 62-year-old whose house was struck , said he was playing computer games with his headphones on when the incident took place .
