  and i believe joining the eu would complete ataturk 's mission . 
  is that too much to ask ? 
   turkey militarily invaded a third state , installed an unrecognized puppet government and occupies an eu memberstate to this day , ca n't say that about the others . 
  but then could n't i call uk 's government in northern ireland `` a puppet government and occupies an eu member state to this day '' ? 
  yes i feel that of all our neighbours you are the ones we have the least ill feelings with . 
  also i like that video of those georgian girls singing folk music in the rural area , that became popular on reddit a few years ago . 
  it reminded me of my grandparents black sea village quite a lot . 
   my sisters ex was from lazistan . 
  he was 100 % turk but visiting georgia made him incredibly happy . 
  as he used to say ancient gens were waking up inside him . 
  i 'm a british born turk . 
  i can relate to that guy , that 's the feeling i get when i 'm in the black sea region . 
  they will eventually , once we solve our political problems . 
  both their economies have so much to gain from us being a member . 
  imagine if inter-marriages started happening . 
  what an age we 'd live in . 
  i know . 
  i just wish the dumb fucks in our country will learn . 
  i 'm just really hoping it 's a generational thing and with each generation the akp supporting lineage will become anti-akp . 
  much more reasonable . 
  on a different subject there are of course many turks with ancestry from georgia , some having turkish speaking ancestors , some having georgian speaking ancestors . 
  most have intermixed with the ethnic turkish majority . 
  i have a friend and a grandparent or great grandparent of hers is from georgia . 
  erdogan may or may not have such ancestry as well . 
  interesting stuff !, 
  i know of course , i was just being sarcastic and bringing to light the hidden racist/bigoted quality of the `` remove kebab '' meme . 
   all the turks i 've met and had a chance to talk to about the genocide , have not tried to deny or trivialise it . 
  all the azeris i 've talked to have though !, 
  understandable . 
  azerbaijan have a modern conflict with armenia , whereas our conflict with armenia is like your conflict with germany . 
  sounds like italians in late 19th/early 20th century america . 
  that 's because cyprus is being mean . 
  that sounds like kurdish and armenian talk . 
  things have moved on a lot since then in the turkish political discourse of this subject . 
  thanks , i will watch . 
  i guess if the annan plan was more amicable for the greeks then this mess would have been solved . 
  do n't worry , it 's a very turkish thing as well . 
  there are those that just want some ethnic turkish majority lands that border turkey . 
  then there are those that want the ottoman empire restored to its zenith . 
  or the turanists that want all the turkic speaking majority areas to unite ( i actually would n't mind something like an eu between turkic speaking states ) . 
  then you get the crazies of the crazies who want hungarians , japanese , mongolians , finland and koreans merged with the turkic unity . 
  or the kings of the crazies that want all of the above and the muslim world as well . 
  you invaded america to kill native americans . 
   they did n't speak or feel turk or arab . 
  why are you conflating turks and arabs in this ? 
  what does feeling arab have to do with any of this ? 
  anyway you are wrong . 
  many turks living in turkey today have balkan ancestors that were turkish speaking as well as slavic , greek and albanian speaking . 
  `` remove kebab '' was n't a genocide , it 's just a meme . 
  i 'll pay in thanks , not in your dirty infidel money !, 
  i was thinking of elaborating , but i thought my point was implied . 
  the world accepts british sovereignty over northern ireland . 
  the world does not accept turkish sovereignty over northern cyprus . 
  but that might just show how high the population of turks would have been today if a portion did n't have to flee to turkey . 
  i do n't know if a proper census on the subject has ever been done in turkey , but it 's certainly common to meet turkish people who have a grandparent or great grandparent from the balkans . 
  it 's probably as high as the number of english people who have a welsh , scottish or irish recent ancestor . 
  man i wish it would be that soon . 
  i personally do n't see it happening until 20-30 years . 
   if the turkish government makes denial of the genocide a law and this is the amazing irony . 
  in turkey it is not illlegal to say the genocide happened . 
  it 's common to hear discourse on political tv shows and stuff where there are people who say it happened . 
  i ca n't give an example of a central government ordering it , but looking at the late 19th and early 20th century demographic shifts in the region , turkish ethnic presence dwindled in balkans just as much as ethnic greek/armenian presence dwindled in anatolia . 
  what makes our pain less ? 
  that we are not christian ? 
  dear fuck face , the eu opened a new chapter for accession a few days ago thanks to turkish progress in the area ( finance chapter ) . 
  if turkey complies with all chapters , it will join the eu . 
  the eu has basically said `` yes you can join '' and the ball is now in turkey 's court . 
  kind regards someone who knows how the eu accession process works . 
  the exchanged turkish population from greece to turkey was n't the only example of turks and turcophile non-turkish muslims being removed from the balkans . 
   they were no turkish genocide in the balkans for the simple reason that turkish did n't live in the balkans . 
  oh my fucking god . 
  looks like i need to call up some of my relatives and friends and teach them their history . 
  their ancestors were in fact mistaken and not actually from villages in bulgaria , greece and macedonia . 
  it would help if we were a part of the hegemony in global politics . 
  but alas , we are not , and history is written by those who are . 
  turks in the balkans were local people . 
  they were n't a part of the ottoman hegemony . 
  so `` kicking them out '' makes no sense . 
   so your ancestors invade the balkans , enslave the people , take the women , refuse them the right to practice christianity . 
  your own ancestors did that to whoever preceded slav presence in the balkans . 
  you were only like a few hundred years ahead of us to the balkan game . 
  i thought europe was all about free speech ? 
  make no mistake . 
  none of this genocide confirming that france or germany have done is genuine concern for what armenians went through . 
  it 's a political tool used against turkey . 
  a kind group of czech fans gave me a can of czech beer outside the stadium in lens last week . 
  exactly the same thing in turkey . 
  in fact it 's true in the whole world . 
  i suppose it 's a distinction of foreign policy vs pop culture . 
  indeed . 
  in a true republic there can be no dictatorship from the majority . 
  that 's a very britocentric view . 
  i doubt austrians give that much of a shit about brexit . 
  just like germany at the time . 
  sorry good sir . 
  koylu descended child over and out . 
  turkey is to blame for letting them in of course . 
  why are you guys not in it ? 
  i 'm bronze skin , curly black hair , brown eyes . 
  if i let my hair grow big people think i 'm middle eastern : / lol .
