  it 's a fantasy made up by christian religious rhetoric . 
  turkey was very much just one of the many empires of europe , and made allies and enemies with other european powers just like everyone else did . 
  theres ' no point dragging erdogan into it . 
  even the average pro-erdogan religious type of turk is pro-monogamous marriage at a reasonable adult age . 
  why would turkey lie ? 
  they 're not a rogue state looking to destroy europe , though that appears to be fear of many a european . 
  first paris and now this , both involving people that turkey deported . 
   let 's remember that turkey is one step away from a dictatorship . 
  cut the hyperbole . 
  the irony considering how much criticism turkey has got for `` not doing enough to stop european isis terrorists '' . 
  of course , but even in today 's turkish , if you want to sound posher/more eloquent then the words you use will be arabic/persian origin ( and to a lesser extent french ) . 
  kind of like latin/french/greek words in english . 
  there 's more to it than that . 
  it 's specific organisations and ideologies . 
  it 's pretty much always salafist/wahhabist inspired groups . 
  more often than not it 's arabs compared to other muslim majority ethnic groups . 
  why 's that ? 
  because muslim + muslim = terrorist ? 
  unfortunately yes . 
  the 20th century was a torrid time for relations between us . 
  the cyprus government was overthrown by a militant greek cypriot nationalist organisation that wanted to annex cyprus to greece . 
  naturally domestic policy towards the turkish minority was influenced by this idealogy . 
  turkey saw this , and at that time the wounds of the collapse of the ottoman empire were within living memory ( turks being forced to migrate to remaining lands of turkey , death etc. ) . 
  the reaction was to invade cyprus and protect the turkish minority . 
  this was actually legal according to the london agreement , where turkey , greece or uk could interfere in cyprus if there was any trouble and restore civility . 
  the illegal part was staying there and creating a new country . 
  not to mention i would imagine legit visa-free travellers would be easier to track ? 
  the demographic of immigrant you are talking about will migrate with our without schengen . 
  with schengen in place , that makes it easier for more prestigious demographic of turks ; professionals , white collar workers , degree educated etc. 
  type of turks to easily travel to and from europe . 
  that 's what i 'm looking forward to ; more integration opportunities for educated , western-oriented and especially young educated turks with europe . 
  that already happens in large numbers now lol . 
  unity is never going to truly work though , it 's only going to be a 2 countries 1 state kind of solution . 
  the only way it would work is if there had developed a true national cypriot identity , independent of the ethnic identities . 
  perhaps if english language had become more widespread as the de facto , it may have created this neutral cypriot identity . 
  i 'm not absolving us of all blame for our cyprus policy , but the average european opinion on the division of cyprus is so uninformed and biased against us . 
  our army did n't invade `` for the lulz '' which is what the average european thinks . 
  it almost brought us to brink of war with greece for goodness sake , it was n't a decision taken lightly . 
  if those are recent immigrants then they are kurdish or turks from the south-east or poorer areas of anatolia . 
  the vast vast majority of turks in europe or their ancestors emigrated decades ago when turkey 's economy was far shitter and emigration to europe was even encouraged by europe themselves who needed people to do the labour intensive jobs . 
  these days ethnic turks should be categorised alongside europeans when it comes to whether they would emigrate out of their country or not . 
  our country is bubbling economically and despite these recent troubles , the majority of cities and regions in turkey are on european/first world levels of development . 
  even back in the days when many turks emigrated , the majority were from central anatolia/south-east . 
  the city turks and west coast turks were n't immigrating in the same level of numbers , if at all . 
  and this divide between the different demographics of turkey also explains why a european and a turk can have 2 very different opinions about their country and people . 
  a turk from izmir is likely to resemble a white european and get frustrated at turcophobic sentiments in europe , whereas a turk/kurd from south-east is likely to look middle eastern and this is the kind of image a european has of a typical turkish immigrant . 
  i would call him a turkish conservative , which entails some light sprinkling of islamic rhetoric , but nothing too different from christian politicians in america . 
  damn , beat me to it . 
  it 's rather amazing how the symbolism of layla and majnun has such a large spread of countries and cultures . 
  there are turkish love songs , literature , tv shows etc. 
  that allude to it and likewise in all the countries you 've listed . 
  in addition to that story , we also have farhad and shirin , a staple of persian culture . 
  and though it is n't well known , there is the ottoman work husn u ask and the koran story of yusuf and zuleikha . 
  are there any pure turkic love stories ? 
  i agree . 
  i 'm a chp supporter but all western opinion on our affairs is white noise to me . 
  as bad as erdogan is i do n't think the west would give as much of a shit if `` islam '' was n't a part of the equation as well . 
  erdogan 's `` islamism '' plays into the modern narrative of west vs islam quite perfectly . 
  in turkish we call all the other turkic languages as the same word we use for turkish ; t\u00fcrk\u00e7e , kazak t\u00fcrk\u00e7esi , azerbeycan t\u00fcrk\u00e7esi etc. 
  so the respect level is high . 
  the central asian dialects are seen as being closer the language our steppe ancestors spoke . 
  azerbaijani is basically considered the same language . 
   i do n't know what it will take to realize that turkey with its current islamist government is not a reliable partner . 
  even if this situation was happening with a secular turkish government , the situation would be the same . 
  turkish governments look out for turkey 's interests , not for europe 's . 
  it 's not him that is filing the cases . 
  it 's his fanboys . 
  absolutely . 
  our `` left '' , the chp bloc , are on average a little bit more nationalistic/racist than europeans would expect from liberal/left wing . 
  in fact if anything the chp side are more racist than akp people , being akp people let off some of their steam through religious supremacy . 
  sounds like my country . 
  it seems that the hotter the women , the hotter the weather , the colder the chance of sex . 
  * sigh . 
   i get a really funny image in my head from this . 
  like you are rallying the common people as a revolutionary against the oppressive nationalist school officials and then the two factions fight a battle in the schoolyard and everyone goes back inside after to eat lunch . 
  sounds like turkey during the 70s/80s . 
   what happened is a lot more fucked up than that : it 's not the first time we hear a story like this , it just shows there is a whole state apparatus , tens of thousands of people that grovel at the feet of the leadership and zealously defend against and supress even the slightest perceived dissent . 
  and this is exactly where all the youtube bans and bullshit free speech violations things that happen in turkey have come from . 
  it 's people ( usually politicised lawyers or something ) who have a grievance and take people to court . 
  i hate all of europe for hating on turkey . 
  just do n't hate . 
  the whole `` turks '' as an insult thing is funny though , as if turks are totally racially aliento what balkan peoples look like . 
   3 million albanian comunity in turkey and there is n't one albanian school for them allowed . 
  ans list goes on ... 3 million turks with albanian ancestry , most pf those are mixed into the wider population . 
  it 's a huge stretch to think they give a shit about learning albanian . 
  about as much as german descended americans want to learn german . 
  `` not allowed '' lol . 
  this is something that a lot of europeans do n't realise . 
  a significant number of `` turks '' in western europe are ethnic kurds , some of whom are pro-turkey , some of whom are n't etc. 
  but because obviously the country of origin is turkey everyone is categorised as turk and most turkish kurds will say they are `` turkish '' with no qualms . 
  i 'm just saying we 're not brown and we 're not similar to iran , syria and iraq . 
  we 're our own thing , but if you tried to force us into a category it would be with balkans and caucasus moreso than middle east . 
  yes exactly . 
  you are misled by wrong atereotypes . 
  i always feel like we get hit with stereotypes that paint us as brown skinned religious zealots from a poor underdeveloped country , when the average turk is light or olive skinned and nominally religious at best . 
  economy is strong , all first world amenities are available etc. 
  tldr ; average stereotype of turkey is like a middle eastern country . 
  turkey should be stereotyped like a mediterranean european country . 
  now all of this comes with a big asterisk on the kurdish region . 
  lol what is with us and bridges in the balkans .
