  would the coup have been good for turkey if it succeeded ? 
  gulenists , an islamist organisation that is rival to erdogan and akp . 
  no , the coup would have absolutely fucked turkey and turned it into iran . 
  that 's pretty much what we turks say about pro-pkk kurds . 
  i ca n't disagree with you . 
   they cheer for the birth of a religious dictatorship proof ? 
  hey i ca n't blame him . 
  ottomans were dicks to turks as well . 
  you 'll only understand if it you were born and grew up outside of hungary and still went on holiday to hungary at least once a year from birth , still spoke hungarian at home and still had a clique of hungarian family friends while growing up and hungarian satellite tv . 
  in the globalised internet world it 's easier to be like this than ever . 
  i can easily follow turkish national football team , listen to turkish music on youtube , follow turkish politics on twitter etc. 
  that 's true . 
  even among secular westernised turks `` the big bad west '' meme runs deep . 
  you sound like an erdogan supporter when anti-erdogan people make a protest . 
  not an insult at all , i know i 'm not integrated . 
  i ca n't change that part of me . 
  but having said that i 'm not exactly immaculately turkish either since there is a lot of british influence on me , as my turkish friends from turkey tell me . 
  i 'm a `` 3rd country kid '' . 
  depends on your definition of stir up trouble . 
  i 'm personally not politically active nor have the energy to go out and protest on the streets . 
  but a keyboard warrior i certainly am . 
  so arrest the ones that do bad things ? 
  like any other protest . 
  i 'm a british born turk . 
  i behave as a brit ( in turkey people are confused why i 'm so reserved ) and speak as a local ( literally , people think i 'm a white british on the phone ) . 
  considering myself a local is the tough part , although with the shit direction turkey has gone in i 've ironically become more comfortable with my british identity . 
  i 'm an ethnic turk and turkey is my true homeland even though i was n't born there . 
  that 's not something that you can change about me . 
  that 's something that 'll maybe die down with each generation of my descendants . 
  it 's easy to say `` integration should be like this or that '' but emotional connections are tough to break . 
  it 's not just with turks or other muslim groups or non-european groups . 
  this is true for intra-european migrants as well . 
  ethnic identity is n't something that can artificially be eroded . 
  thanks for a reasonable post . 
  not surprised you 're a romanian , it 's usually you guys who have the most level headed replies with regards to turks and turkey on this sub . 
  so what 's your definition of integration ? 
  full assimilation , goodbye connection to turkey and turkish culture ? 
  i was making a comment on the `` patriotic upsurge '' . 
  would 've thought these guys already had flags at home . 
   it 's kind of a sad reflection of the lack of any integration when you have second and third generation turkish nationalists demonstrating in the country of their birth . 
  the strength of akp with turkish ex pats is disturbing and worrying considering that many of these islamists grew up in the free and open west . 
  remember that secular turks in the diaspora are generally nationalist as well ( as are seculars in turkey ) . 
  so mixing up the nationalism with pro-akp islamism and integration issues is n't fair imo . 
  when the anti-erdogan gezi park protests happened in 2013 there were many turks in the west who came out with turkish flags and ataturk flags in support of the protesters . 
  does that make them non-integrated as well ? 
  the reason most german turks are pro-akp is because most of their ancestors are from the same parts of turkey than akp draw most of their votes from , which is central , eastern anatolia and black sea . 
  in istanbul for example the akp voters are mostly descended from these places . 
  that stupidness explains the existence of most businesses in the world though :p, 
  it sucks to be a 25 year old that did n't realise their educational passion until too late and has wasted all student finance years on a shit degree from shit uni . 
  when i first got into uni doing a course i was n't passionate about , it was # 3000 a year . 
  if only i knew what i wanted to do back then ... 
  i know , i know . 
  i agree . 
  but you ca n't deny people what they say they are . 
  but most turks i know still identify as muslim even though their lives are as free of islam as mine . 
  just one of those things . 
  coup = extremely bad erdogan = very bad kemalists = excellent, 
  that 's islamists for you . 
  cultural muslim, 
  they openly write articles criticising erdo\u011fan and akp . 
  even now in this time . 
  honestly i think having a split country might just be for the best . 
  if it were possible . 
  kemalist turkey . 
  islamist turkey . 
  kurds . 
  everyone gets their own thing . 
  and then war in the future of course . 
  in ottoman times turks , greeks and armenians lived side by side and in other parts of empire it was georgians and slavs too . 
  removing language and religion differences there 's probably a lot similar between us all . 
  more than that . 
  a lot of prominent kemalist writers believe it too . 
  the `` it was made up '' is only prominent in western media . 
  exactly . 
  he let out the crazy as time went on but some people were suspicious of him even in his mayor days . 
  no \u00c7 , dotless i or \u011e though, 
  tte id thing was already the case . 
  perhaps now it will be even stricter . 
  you show evidence that erdo\u011fan made the coup then . 
  otherwise fuck off . 
  come on man . 
  kemalists army surely have enough links to kemalist citizens that you would have seen a very different reaction from kemalist demographic on the coup . 
  i 've read that most of the top brass is still kemalist . 
  i do n't see kemalists performing a coup unless erdo\u011fan starts a kemalist witch hunt . 
  kemalists want democracy . 
  it would unify a divided turkish polity . 
  i do n't agree with the heavy handed measures erdo\u011fan has taken that 's for sure . 
  exactly . 
  one of my favourite ever games ( mgs3 is my all time favourite video game ) . 
  ca n't believe i first played mgs2 when i was 11 years old . 
  never understood the deep implications of the story back then . 
  it 's information warfare at its finest . 
  have you ever played metal gear solid 2 ? 
  the storyline of that game touches on very similar themes of disinformation . 
  i do n't blame people for not believing considering how g\u00fclenwashed the western media is on turkey . 
  no one believes us . 
  the g\u00fclenists influence in western media runs deep . 
  and what idealogy do those people he tricked subscribe to ? 
  what 's g\u00fclen doing in us then ? 
  just chilling ?
