  turkey will never become like iraq or syria . 
  it 's too far like a typical first world western capitalist country , even in the kurdish majority region . 
  syria and iraq were already a bit shit . 
  there 's no persecution complex . 
  the average turk and turkey as a country have an image problem on the english speaking internet . 
  oh god . 
  do n't tell me it was the ottomans that built this one too . 
  51st state can only be stronk if the federal government get involved !, 
  edit : i noticed your sly change from kazim to enver :p, 
  [ fener fans would have replied with this . 
  they are our bros !, 
  most people in the mongol army were turkic . 
  technical knockout !, 
  star tv is saying that a media blackout has been declared on reporting about the ankara bombings . 
  wtf ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was pkk/ypg etc. 
  we 've been hitting them recently , this is their reaction . 
  lolcakes russia would get wrecked by us and we 'll free the caucasus and crimean tatars from their oppression . 
  i know , but i just want my country to be nice and safe , and there 's a lot of fuckeries next door . 
  whoever it was , i 've had enough . 
  we needed to go into syria years ago . 
  we 're all going to do it . 
  might as well admit it lol, 
  i 'm just bloody curious to see if i 'm on it . 
  indeed . 
  we 're strange that way . 
  a lot of diverse ancestry yet we 're very strong with the ethnic turk identity . 
  no one in turkey thinks gays should be flogged . 
  people would be condemned for saying something like that . 
  ok mate believe what you want, 
  what do you mean ? 
  turkey 's population is 80 million . 
  greece 's is 11 million . 
  if we consider turks and greeks to be similar in looks , then there are more people in turkey who have the `` greco-turkish '' look than there are in greece . 
  it 's quite logical . 
  i agree . 
  as a turk i actually feel we fit the white category moreso than non-white . 
  i know many turks will cringe at me saying this and many europeans will be outraged , but considering our `` dominant '' history and the `` whiteness '' of many of our peoples phenotypes , we ca n't claim to be disadvantaged as other groups . 
  in germany the situation may be different . 
  but in the uk , where bahar mustafa is from , where i 'm from , turks are pretty much in the same category as european minorities . 
  in fact officially we are counted as white other on census forms . 
  disageee with first comment , agree with second . 
  well i dunno what greeks look like as a whole , but many times when i see them in photos or in documentaries they remind me of turks in their facial shapes . 
  the aegean region has like 12 % of the population . 
  that 's nearly the whole population of greece !, 
  secondly . 
  turks that overlap in looks with greeks can be found all over anatolia . 
  in fact there are probably more turks who can pass as greeks than there are actual greeks lol . 
  you are bosniak , i thought you 'd be more knowledgeable on us and less ignorant . 
  you 're one of those who thinks the typical turk is a swarthy middle easterner ? 
  your people look like just my people . 
  it always warms my heart to see how similar our phenotypes are . 
  outside of the kurdish south-east i do n't believe turkish islam is like the islam of the middle east . 
  a key thing to keep in mind is the majority of erdogan 's support is from nationalist conservatives who identify strongly with their islamic identity , but are not necessarily religious . 
  kind of like right-wingers in america . 
  i guess it 's a difference of opinion . 
  i 'm a secular chp turk but i do n't mind a bit of neo-ottomanism . 
  as long as it does n't involve religion . 
  i 'm not a fan of his and i hate islam . 
  but , i do n't like to mis-represent . 
  it is conversative . 
  it is stupid . 
  but it is n't the kind of islam that the average european is scared of . 
  it 's not full hardcore sharia or anything . 
  in fact i 'd go as far as to say it 's the turkish muslim equivalent of what conservative christianity is in southern europe and balkans . 
  i always compare it to the right wing christians of the usa . 
  are they incompatible with europe ? 
  congrats on the kebab removal . 
  i sometimes wonder if the ottoman government had modernised quickly enough and offered proper civil rights to all the ethnic communities , could the ottoman state have naturally evolved into a modern democratic entity ( most probably with a constitutional monarchy like uk and such ) . 
  because obviously the reason all the ethnic communities ( even us turks ! ), 
  wanted to breakaway is because the ottoman government were oppressive dicks . 
  that 's for r/alternatehistory to mull over i suppose . 
  do you consider turkey as in the former category or the latter category ? 
  surely turkey are n't ? 
  turkey would be funding the turkish state 's mandated version of islam which is very soft and `` church of england '' style version of islam . 
  the same is true for most turks as well ... 
  you 're going to have to elaborate . 
  what 's the difference between how bosniaks are muslim and how turks are muslim ? 
  both countries are full of people who are not religious but still identify as muslim . 
  turkey is a typical first world industrialised capitalist diverse economy state , just like nearly all of europe . 
  as you say we 've got way more in common with europe and more political/economic ties . 
  people get hung up on islam as if turks are super fundamentalists . 
  even erdogan 's mob are not the kind of muslims that europeans are afraid of . 
  you talk as if turkey is super alien compared to european countries . 
  i 'm sure turkey has more in common with greece and balkans than it does with middle eastern countries . 
  people just get hung up on islam islam islam all the time , but anyone that knows turkey thoroughly knows that we fit with european countries more than middle eastern ones , our islam is different to middle eastern islam . 
  but i feel like we 're more compatible with europe than asia . 
  every moron that groups all kurds as one single political block needs to see this . 
  we have the same problem with a lot of the `` turks '' that are causing crimes in europe . 
  exactly the same . 
  persian was to the northern muslim world , what french and latin were to europe . 
  although it must be stated that most arabic words in turkish entered by way of persian . 
  i mean , depending on your definition , we are . 
  we 're highly integrated with european political institutions and have many economical/business links . 
  not to mention we 're a part of the western alliance when it comes to foreign policy in the middle east . 
  i thought kurds were peaceful western liberal left wing pro-women pro-gay angels ? 
  sounds like a load of bollocks to me . 
   but i think we can add bosnia and herzegovina too . 
  that 's true . 
  i 'd add albania and kosovo to that too .
