  i hate the extremists but they want me to hate them and use my hatred to spread fear by claiming i hate all muslims not just them . 
  so it 's best to keep it on the low and use the law to stamp down on them . 
  the idea of spreading people out , while harder in the beginning is n't a bad idea . 
  i think you 're correct they will integrate more and in the long run benefit much more . 
  as long as the host community embraces them as well . 
  you do not have me correctly . 
  the islam hate ( while understandable ) is just reactionary and is not productive . 
  it does n't help people on the fringes of islam ( ex-muslim , lbgt muslims for example ) who need and deserve support and protection . 
  in fact we are obliged to help these people as a community by our laws . 
  furthermore it does n't create an environment where anyone who wants to reform islam has space to reform . 
  the extreme elements within islam will point to the extreme elements outside of islam and say `` see they will never accept us '' locking their community in to another cycle of abuse . 
  we need to tease out a `` european '' islam in the way secular turkey created a version of islam that suited their country ( ours would need to go a lot further though and we do n't have the luxury of an atat\u00fcrk figure with a revolutionary zeal ) . 
  now do n't think of me as some left winger who believes in multicultural europe because i do not . 
  i am a strong-athiest and multiculturalism , to my mind , is a way to banish the immigrant to a life on the fringes ghettoised by their genetic heritage . 
  i am however a democrat and want to see a reformed , benign islam that is tolerant . 
  this is good for me and good for muslims . 
  i agree , everyone deserves protection , regardless of the larger picture . 
  i would say that the outcome of leaving islam does indicate the health of the relationship between islam and the secular world though . 
  i guess that about half the muslims i know are , in reality , atheists but none of them would break their link with religion as the costs are too high and the gains too low . 
  in a healthy situation people would be able to leave islam and still maintain links with their family and friends . 
  apostates show us we have a long way to go toward the goal of a tolerant , open and confident islam in our tolerant , open and confident society . 
  most of the chatter or / r/europe is about how bad muslims are but if we do n't help these people , if we ca n't protect apostates , we are offering no space for islam to grow . 
  if we allow apostate hatred then we deny space for islam 2.0 to evolve . 
  people talk about the benign influence of christianity on europe but that is a hard won position and good people need to stand up now and defend reason . 
  you have to steal condoms when you 're a dental technician ? 
  surely they are cheap enough that you can just buy them ? 
  either way , poor girl . 
   getting wood saucy devil . 
  well his friends have been going on holiday and creating more disabled ukrainians so he does deserve some credit i guess . 
   not the `` ar prodesant cultur '' types in the north who express their feelings by burning tricolours and attacking schoolchildren ? 
  they also need to move on . 
   you need to move on , the british empire is dead , your country is irrelevant , your union is splitting apart i 'm irish/english so yeah , not sure what to say to that . 
  ireland is of course doing very well at the moment and that 's something we 're all happy about surely ? 
   and you ca n't even keep your kids from being raped in your own cities . 
  get off my island . 
  well that 's rude , and you might want to look at your clergy before throwing stones . 
  ffs you should like my old irish relatives from 30 years ago . 
  you 've grown up in peace yet you still hang on to the old anger . 
  good luck champ . 
  you need to see a support group dude , the world has moved on around you . 
  but it was the normans that started it , we just want mercia back !, 
  do n't take it out on us !, 
  that 's what you sound like dude . 
  live in the present , not the past . 
  please , just do n't do this polish people . 
  these headlines are horrible and as a englishman i am sorry . 
  you are welcome here and the vast vast majority of us love having you around . 
  be assured that we have a very well respected police force and judicial system and we will get to the bottom of this and prosecute these idiots . 
  it 's the english and dare i say european way of handling things . 
  we do n't form vigilante groups anymore . 
  you 're at least as safe in the uk as you are in any other part of europe if not safer . 
  i guess it 's 13billion now but apple closes it 's offices and all those `` tech '' jobs go . 
  you 'll also see other tech companies bugger off as well . 
  i can see how it 's tedious but if they are not quotes from the quran it 's easy to rebut . 
  if they are poor translations then refute it . 
  while these sentiments are not in your islam they are in some peoples and it 's not useful to deploy the no true scotsman argument . 
  at least we can all agree that the imam in the article is a prick and he should n't be an imam so that 's a start , right ? 
  the link is to wikipedia , the most respected online source i could find . 
  you are trying to tell me that it 's wrong ? 
  so the billion + muslims and thousands of scholars ca n't get an edit through wikipedia ? 
  maybe it is wrong but i 'll take a respected source over some random comment on the internet any day . 
  for the record i do not spend my limited time looking for shitty quotes about islam online . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_views_on_slavery looks like it does . 
  honestly when i talk to my friends from northern ireland i expect the walls will be backup 10 years after ( or they 'll never complete removing them ) . 
  they still use words like `` dirty '' to describe people from the `` other side '' . 
  it 's completely bat shit . 
  i do however , as an anglo irish cross , hope that it 's all good and my friends are just massive pricks . 
  there is so much to gain if people can push through a few moments of difficulty . 
  but is n't the fact that we have a place to talk and agreed common rules a huge step forward . 
  while it does n't remove the risk of war completely it is surely better than the series of ` i 've got your back ' pacts that unfolded across europe that started ww1 . 
  lets not forget that there has been genocide in europe within our lifetimes and neither europe , nato nor trade stopped that . 
  the european union is no nirvana but if you ask a non russian ukrainian they 'd rather seek it 's awkward embrace than other political unions . 
  the levels of sarcasm and self deprecation left me , and englishman , feeling more european than ever . 
  thank you sweden . 
  as a londoner i can tell you it is packed but literally everyone from every country is here and it 's fucking insane ( some exaggeration may have just occurred ) . 
  i am compelled to tell you all to fuck off but it 's why london so great , it belongs to the world now , come and visit  also 1/3 of london is green ( most of it gardens ) and has some amazing parks . 
  it 's one of the greenest cities on earth . 
  . . but nations and regions are also made up . 
  it 's all fake . 
  it just depends on where you draw the arbitrary line . 
  it 's as stupid to say your the same as the person across the street as it is to say you 're the same as the person on the other side of the continent . 
  it 's a largely continuous lump of rock floating on a sea of magma . 
  pretty concrete concept really . 
  it 's an area that , for most of us at least , for 50,000 years most of our genes have been living , loving and fighting on . 
  feels like home to me as a tall white blonde blue eyed humanoid . 
  europe \u2260 eu . 
  this might be funny for you lot but the millions of us that voted to stay are getting kicked in the balls by brexiteers everyday and it 's quite hurtful for europhiles to do it as well . 
  it 's the same but as always with the uk in a mild mannered fashion . 
  here we want the government to provide full healthcare but we want to be able to tell the government to go away . 
  so we want breast cancer screening , but we want to be able to not go because we are lazy . 
  however we do n't want the government to say if you are too lazy to go and get breast cancer then you 're on your own or have to pay . 
  we basically resist anything the government can do that mildly inconveniences us but we 'll accept total intrusion if we can easily ignore it . 
  haha , you got me !, 
  noose , i meant noose !, 
  surely it 's forbidden to touch a king 's nose !, 
  did you misread my post ? 
  i said unwritten . 
  you 're correct though , many people see the magna carta as the source for the uk 's ` constitution ' although it 's actual affect of britain is , naturally , disputed since it only really refers to the barons that held the nose around the kings neck as he signed it . 
  you have to understand our relationship with the state is totally different than that of the mainland continent . 
  it 's contradictory but stems from our unwritten constitution and a thousand years of muddling through and using precedent to solve current problems rather than taking a philosophical position of how society should be constructed .
