  just like if the swede 's follow [ unleashed ] ( http://www.metal-archives.com/bands/unleashed/359 ) words and invade england and do what vikings do that would also be bad . 
  if you listen to some of the death metal that comes from sweden ( or anywhere else tbh ) you 'll hear similarly themed stuff . 
  it does n't mean anyone is going to do it !, 
  afaik sinn fein members of parliament do n't collect their westminster salary . 
  seems like a more principled stand to me . 
  the robin is territorial and aggressive , so i think it suits the uk . 
  while this is sad he lived such an amazing life i do n't think he had any regrets . 
  you 're on a roll with the `` dad jokes '' today , good work , 
  it would be fairly easy for whatsapp or any comms tech to flip a switch for a specific user and tell connecting clients to use no or an easily hackable encryption without the users knowing . 
  they could then store future conversations . 
  if this came with judicial oversight then i would n't really mind . 
  i 'm not saying they do this . 
  yep , they 're currently vetted to see if they have a criminal record ( crb check ) . 
  it 's not illegal ( currently ) to be an extremist . 
  if you act on your extreme views and commit a crime then it 's already covered . 
  they 're just using kids to sway people toward not complaining about the invasion of privacy of the entire planets communications . 
   schools , nurseries and other organisations working with children will also be able to check whether an individual is an extremist to ensure they can not work with children . 
  and here is the most insidious portion . 
  it 's not that there is no judicial oversight , it 's not that actual terrorists will move to other comms methods , it 's not that they already store peta bytes of information on everyone on the globe it 's that they will use people fears to snoop on the innocent even more . 
  note how organisations will be able to vet people who have committed no crime at all , have not seen a judge and will likely never be able to see the information that condemns them . 
  to all those that thought the liberal democrats did nothing while in coalition , here is the reality . 
  well it 's a light hearted comment but if i were to walk in to a uk voting station and see that i would assume someone was dead because that would be the only reason for people to not be queuing properly . 
  good to hear you queued but it 's better to hear you voted , 
  ha ha , we love to queue and will also take any chance to transform anything in to a queue , 
  as an englishman , this looks like chaos !, 
  you wont be surprised to hear that we all form an orderly queue . 
  i would n't be able to cope with that level of standing around near me voting . 
  oh i 'm far from an expert , i 've just spent 40 years reading english political cartoons . 
  i have read that the two cultures that use cartoons as political weapons are the english and french . 
  the english style comes from the `` coffee house '' political scene of the 18th century . 
  it tends to use mockery for mockeries sake ( see punch magazine ) . 
  more vitriol and nastiness . 
  the french cartoons tend to be more about mocking ideas than the person . 
  after all if the french do n't like the political figure they chop their head off , the english just laugh at them until they ca n't take it any more . 
  afraid i do n't know about the german scene . 
  maybe it 's telling that is cartoonist is swiss but broadly draws for uk newspapers ? 
  i love the detail in this , it 's beautiful : firstly lets looks at the two signs : both written is `` local scripts '' implying that the exits are of each countries making . 
  now cameron . 
  dressed casually ( for him ) looks in to the blinding light of a bright future outside `` club europe '' but looks back with a worried look on his face , is it really any better ? 
  his mug of coffee with union jack on it implying he 's being lead by nationalism ( in reality this should be a cup of tea but that was probably too small to draw ) . 
  he casts a long shadow across club europe , what would it mean for the club were he to exit ? 
  and tsipras : in contrast to cameron , is dressed formally ( he ` never ' wears a tie ) . 
  he has a flag pin but that 's just to let you know he 's the leader . 
  tsipras is doing the best dance he can but it does n't matter how much he dances he ca n't leave the trap ( door ) he finds himself on . 
  he 's sweating , how long can he keep this up . 
  his sign points down , there be dragons !, 
  merkel has her hand near the lever that forces the grexit but you can see she 's waving her arm . 
  she is forcing tsipras to dance for his life . 
  merkel looks mildly amused ( that 's as amused as merkel gets tbh ) . 
  is merkel 's arm wavering due to indecision or is she doing it on purpose to make tsipras dance ? 
  is it all a game ? 
  club europe is an unremarkable room , a dark box with a shabby flag . 
  surely this is n't what europe is like , no it 's what it 's like when you 're on the periphery and considering leaving . 
  it 's a scary lonely place . 
  lovely piece of work in a classic ` english ' political cartoon style . 
  so you do n't agree with democracy ? 
  edit : ask an honest question and get down voted ? 
  thanks !, 
  if the snp get nothing from westminster : `` scotland is better off outside of the uk , they do n't care about us '' if the snp get lots from westminster : `` see how good we are , we 'd get much more from europe , lets leave the uk '' the real skill of the snp is that the other parties ca n't seem to play the game and have allowed the snp to gain a win-win position . 
  it 's important to remember that productivity is n't just about the amount of effort a worker puts in to their work . 
  it 's affected by how efficient the economy is ( roads , trains , internet ) and their employers investment in technology to speed up the worker ( machinery , computers , robots and training ) . 
  certainly in the uk we have poor roads ( over crowded ) and our investment in tech to boost worker output is very poor . 
  on the other hand america is very good at this . 
  to be fair it does take a lot of muscle to move that much bulk around ( speaking as an obese person myself ) . 
  candidate for the most futile poster campaign ever ? 
  it costs about # 60 to get a dog dna test done but it takes longer than eight days to get the results . 
  seems a little harsh . 
  we have similar rules in the uk but the ` banned ' dog can be registered and as long as the owner follows the rules : * muzzled in public * no access to children * no off lead in public * neutered/spade * regular vet checks * inspectors have access to dogs at all times with no notice * no transfer of ownership of the dog without the authorities being notified it can live out it 's life doing no harm just like most `` banned '' dogs . 
  the effect of this law in real terms is that good owners register their dogs and bad owners cross their banned dog with non-banned dogs and cause an administrative nightmare . 
  a pitbull x poodle will kill you if it 's trained to . 
  i 've been to an `` industrial scale '' slaughter house in the uk and it is far , far from the arena of entertainment that a bull ring is . 
  the animal was dispatched cleanly and no one was cheering or dressed like an idiot . 
  granted there are slaughter houses that abuse animals but the key point is that they are breaking the law and , one would hope , will be prosecuted ( eventually ) . 
  the abuse in the bill ring is sanctioned and encouraged no one is breaking any laws . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  in the uk you ca n't strike if you 're in the police or armed forces ( for ` security ' reasons ) . 
  the deal is that the police get better pay/pensions and an independent arbitration board to decide pay as opposed to face to face negotiations ( the armed forces generally get shat on ) . 
  how does germany manage it 's non-strike-enabled workers ? 
  in general the uk population is pretty unimpressed with all sides when there is a strike so there is a lot of pressure on people to not strike . 
  alas this is true . 
  this is true but there is a reasonable chance this will change when the next charter renewal happens . 
  ... and by `` enjoy '' you mean be corralled/fooled/taxed in to building . 
  not that we do n't all benefit from these sites now . 
  yeah , not that hairy , but i 'll wager the average italian man is hairier than the average scandinavian , or maybe it 's the darker/thicker hair that stands out more ? 
  yeah old english git here and i do n't know anyone that shaves their armpits . 
  maybe the younger metro-sexual classes do though . 
  northern europeans are hardly hairy like the italians/turks though , maybe that 's a factor ? 
  i 've got some news for you , orangutangs are from indonesia and malaysia , so you 're either going there or to a zoo in africa . 
  keep on shaving dude !, 
  edit : to remove rogue apostrophe . 
  zionists placed bombs and made bomb threats while attempting to force britain 's hand and ` help ' create israel . 
  [ so not always peaceful ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zionist_political_violence ) . 
  but largely peaceful . 
  i 've never visited a cc but i will at some point . 
  i 'm sure it 's a very powerful experience . 
  getting a surly , rebellious teenager to stand in a hall and `` hear it all again '' is not . 
  actually just watching bronowski at auschwitz is enough to inform my daughter : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqbhn2zl3e4, 
  in the school my daughter goes to every child is forced to go to the holocaust memorial every year . 
  every year they are forced to sing songs and listen to a survivor . 
  the net result is that my daughter does n't care about it .
