poverty , poor diet , smoking , alcohol and no exercise . 
  the left red blob has glasgow and inverclyde in it , the two worst places for male le in the uk . 
  the right hand blob has dundee in the bottom 5 http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/apr/16/commonwealth-games-2014-glasgow-lowest-life-expectancy-uk things are getting better though : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-26681098, 
  every homeschooler in the uk i know takes their child to classes for specialist subjects ( art , gymnastics etc ) that require equipment or experience outside the parents bounds . 
  this is where the kid gets their interaction . 
  well as a uk person that is bemused by our relationship with the eu it was nice to read with bemusement about another countries relationship with the eu . 
  i 'm glad i clicked ... but i get your point . 
  used to watch knightrider dubbed in to german . 
  i 'm english and i do n't really speak german beyond the basics but deutscheh\u00f6ff was so cool . 
  they just hook up using grindr . 
  that 's really good news . 
  norway needs innovation , it ca n't sit on it 's oil forever  admittedly i mostly know swedes who came to the uk to start work as it 's just a lot easier . 
  there may be misinformation on both sides though . 
  sorry , i was ambiguous . 
  the uk clearly has a better ( higher ) standard of living but the east of europe has a lot to offer . 
  more space , cheaper startup costs , untapped pool of talent , high level of education etc. 
  most londoners are familiar with polish , estonian , czech , slovakian etc culture as there are so many people from those cultures living and working in london . 
  if the uk stays in europe i ca n't see why people from the uk would n't start to tap that talent within it 's home borders . 
  it seems incongruous but the easter block countries have great levels of education and there really are some great programmers out there . 
  the tax , wages and benefits are lower than the west so it 's becoming increasingly attractive for western tech companies to move east ( urn europe ) . 
  look at estonia , talin is an amazing place for tech . 
  combine that with a low cost of living , cheap rent and housing ( compared to london ) and great culture and it 's not surprising that people are tempted to move . 
  eastern europe is n't there yet but do n't be surprised if in 20 years they are beating the west . 
  they are hungry for a slice of the pie and a lot of the west of complacent . 
  i 've worked with many europeans making video games : the french come for opportunities ( france is hard to make a start in and slow to progress in ) the germans because it 's more fun in the uk , although they 've always hated the poor management we have ) . 
  italians and spanish come because if you want to get anything done you leave italy or spain . 
  swedes & danes come because you keep more of your money in the uk ( less tax ) . 
  it 's also easier and cheaper to start a company in the uk than in most of europe . 
  this will probably change over the next 20 years as more and more tech jobs move to the old communist block countries . 
  they have everything the uk has but a much better standard of living . 
  another subtle thing : if you learn programming you pretty much need to know english . 
  all the canonical texts are in english and certainly cheaper to buy in english as opposed to a local language . 
  turns out i 'm an estonian at heart ( born in uk ) and i can confirm that when i went to estonia i had a fucking great time . 
  just the use of blue to blood red was enough to make me think that the author could have an agenda . 
  plus you can carry rubella and infect a pregnant mother and harm the baby ( potentially ) giving them an incurable form of rubella while in the womb . 
  if you do n't vaccinate you are a selfish person and should be given a stern telling off and then shipped to an island somewhere so we 're all safe . 
  why is the leader of the uk the unelected queen ? 
  then again i do n't want to see cameron 's plastic face . 
  i think the dutch should start reclaiming all the way around the british isles . 
  do it while we 're not looking . 
  fuck the shitty tunnel to france , i want to cycle across doggerland all the way to amsterdam have my bicycle stolen and walk back , maybe get some chips in belgium , see how it goes . 
  no promises though . 
  thanks , that 's an interesting article . 
  it 's a shame that the source data link to ehcr is broken . 
  from the article it looks like ~ 75 % is appeals to the court to stop deportation under human rights law are rejected allowing the uk to deport the individual ( s ) . 
  it does n't make any reference to the radicalness of the deportees . 
  can i have a source for the 900 blocks please ? 
  history says different i am afraid . 
  the reformation is in 1517ce but in 1216ce pope gregory ix tries to clean up the inquisition processes ( which had been basically mod rule ) but heretics or apostates are still burned at the stake . 
  although it 's handed over to the ` secular ' authorities to perform the burning . 
  at this point the church controlled but the religious and secular laws . 
  what really stopped the rot was the enlightenment ( 1620ce-1780ce ) . 
  that was when europe started to become civilised by modern standards . 
  of course we still are n't totally civilised but we are making steady progress i think . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medieval_inquisition https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protestant_reformation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_enlightenment, 
  i know the comment about bin laden was that it was a crime because bin laden should have been taken to a court and tried , not killed . 
  i have some sympathy with this point of view . 
  the rest , who cares , the conservatives are taking a cheap shot . 
  btw i am not a corbyn fan , i think he 's a dinosaur . 
  he probably deserves some ridicule . 
  ... and of course none of these quotes would ever be taken out of context !, 
  what is the evidence that the miti made the difference ? 
  the japanese excelled at cutting costs by investing in automation and electronics fabrication plants . 
  they won in markets where europe and the us were complacent and did n't invest ( or were hampered by poor industrial relations ) namely cars and electronics . 
  why would an average user know or care the kernel that their computer runs ? 
  except that you can be imprisoned for owning a guide on how to make a bomb even though there is no evidence that you had equipment to make a bomb or a motive for the use of the bomb . 
  that 's basically a thought crime , you 're being punished for wanting to learn how to make a bomb , a purely intellectual exercise . 
  in the south of england i see one or two a year at most . 
  i the uk privacy is a tricky thing . 
  on the one hand we have a very aggressive press that act with impunity but uncovers corruption at all levels of society . 
  because we have an unwritten constitution and the country is largely run by graduates from two universities this is pretty important . 
  historically this elite got away with ( literal and metaphorical ) murder . 
  without a very free aggressive press there is no effective mechanism for control over them . 
  on the other hand when bored , the press turns it 's teeth on the innocent . 
  for example they exposed a transgender person to relentless ridicule and threatened to out them leading to them committing suicide . 
  from this side of the channel i find it weird that your press does n't destroy your politicians more . 
  their affairs and shady business dealings are largely left untouched and maybe their privacy is taken too seriously . 
  it 's always a balance and it 's difficult to get it correct . 
  in the uk if you go public with the lottery company you get an advisor and press officer to support you ( for free ) . 
  if you decline to go public you are on your own and the uk press will find you and they will fuck you over . 
  so i think a lot of people are reluctant to public but feel safer if they are protected somewhat . 
  the uk tabloid are at best out of control over `` trivial '' stuff like this . 
  as far as they are concerned , if you wanted to be anonymous there must be something to hide . 
  if they ca n't find anything they 'll just make it up anyway . 
  edit : you 're also correct , in general , people in the uk like their moment of fame . 
  it 's embarrassing really . 
  thanks , i thought it was gon na be some sort of prank . 
  hope it gets resolved . 
  / u/brichals spill the beans !, 
  30 years ago i was a kid in ireland , visiting relatives . 
  coming from london and standing in wexford , a rural and very backward place i thought ireland was the arsehole of nowhere . 
  even visiting dublin did n't offer much . 
  now 30 years later ireland is transformed . 
  it 's been an amazing transformation . 
  all my cousins run businesses , they have aspirations for their children and crucially they are open to change . 
  you really are a beacon of hope and i hope the other `` arseholes of europe '' are learning from your example . 
  there is a ( recently released , soon to be a movie ) book called the martian where a stranded earthling tries to grow food on mars after a fuck up . 
  it 's pretty accurate and some people from nasa helped keep the author on track . 
  great read . 
  in the uk we have problem irish gypsies ( or ` travellers ' ) and romanian gypsies .
