  she knows it 's bad and she feels sad for the individuals but she rejects the `` enforced guilt '' that s put up on her for not being a jew , for not doing more at the age of -52 to stop it . 
  basically who ever organises this event forgets that most people have moved on from 1945 and the world is n't the same as the 1930 's . 
  there is a thread of middle class britain that ca n't come to terms with how the jews were left to rot in camps not because we did n't care but because there was nothing we could do at the time . 
  a lot of people , of all types , died because there was nothing we could do and a lot of people died because we did something when we should have done nothing . 
  countries would be better off teaching philosophy and politics to children from 6 and up . 
  that would do more to open peoples minds and create a environment of equals within which everyone could see the horrors of gaza and the death camps through a common lens of understanding . 
  if it 's done well enough it would create a herd immunity to the evils of nationalism , theism and `` history revisionism '' as well . 
  quiet : http://biblehub.com/1_corinthians/14-34.htm kill the non-believer : http://skepticsannotatedbible.com/says_about/nonchristians.html, 
  friend of mine is a research scientist in this field . 
  they had a huge conference in berlin a few years ago and the consensus is that all sexually transmitted bacteria 's are going to become untreatable in 10-50 years . 
  there is too little funding , too much unprotected sex and too many people not finishing antibiotic courses properly . 
  her sad conclusion was that we 've basically fucked up sex for a generation or two . 
  there is an element of foreign travel involved but it 's less about migrants and more about people travelling to the far east and to a lesser extent africa on sex holidays . 
  if you catch an sti from those destinations it 's more likely that it will have been poorly treated with antibiotics and thus have evolved immunity . 
  exactly , you break the low hanging ( no one is surprised that the saudi king is a dick , he 's a king after all ) and toss in a curve ball ( icelandic dude , are n't they the good guys with jails full of bankers ) . 
  this whets the appetite of the mainstream press . 
  then you slowly move up the ranks ending of the most pious backstabbing leaches that society props up ( religious , western politicians , heads of charities and the like ) . 
  at that point we all newsgasm over reddit , pause for ten minutes and then we all go back to watching rigged sports and singing competitions on the tv . 
  also our woods are mixed woods so there is no dominant species . 
  in our climate this is considered more reliable although we do have strategic wood reserves ( thetford in east anglia for example ) which are more or less mono cultures . 
  this graph shows the decline of uk wooded areas : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forestry_in_the_united_kingdom#/media/file:woodland_as_a_percentage_of_land_area_in_england.png, 
  i have to agree . 
  we have some real areas of poverty in the uk and they have been directly affected by cheaper labour coming in and displacing what little work they had . 
  these are fragile , fractious communities that were only just coping and feel very isolated . 
  drop migrants in to the mix and it 's been bad for all sides . 
  successive governments from the 1960 's have failed to grasp how difficult it is for poor people to adapt and have ignored problems while using immigrants as scapegoats in policy and electioneering . 
  as is often the case in the uk this underclass have not seen the fruits of the economic growth or cultural diversity . 
  they have been further marginalised and left as rejects for the extreme left and extreme right wing groups to mop up and use to further their aims . 
  i say all of this as a working class lad `` done good '' with centre-ground politics . 
  i do n't know where you 're from but in the uk asian almost always means from the pakistan , india or sri lanka . 
  sometimes it includes the `` south east asian '' part of the world but normally only when people have absorbed too much americana . 
  usually we insult all of south east asia by calling them chinese . 
  he has ambitions to become the leader of the tory party and prime minister . 
  he recently took up a seat in the house of commons representing uxbridge ( west london suburb ) so he can start making his move . 
  thanks for saying that . 
  i know we 're a real pita at times but as a british pro-european it 's good to hear someone who does n't want to just kick us out . 
  to be fair though i think the uk will lose more legitimacy than europe will . 
  yeah , seems a bit weird to not have two sets of ceremonial flags behind them . 
  that does seem to be the diplomatic norm . 
  either someone fucked up or the turks are being cheaky fuckers . 
  well it should . 
  `` thinking of leaving in the next two years '' \u2260 `` plan to quit in the next two years '', 
  is iceland where they tell children there are elves living behind or under rocks and they need to give the elves notice that they are going to move the rock ? 
  everyone knows it 's a joke but they keep it alive for the kids ? 
  i think i saw a documentary about building a road and they had a man devoted to managing the moving of elves and their rocks . 
  it was batshit crazy but i kind of admired them for not giving up on the joke . 
  in the 90 's lecturers were required to give n hours of lectures a term otherwise the faculty lost some funding from the government . 
  so for many of them , when a lecturer got to n , he sent in his phd students to fill the vacuum . 
  i hope this has been changed . 
  i agree though , many of my lecturers was great teachers and it was inspiring to learn and work with them . 
   the main purpose of universities is to teach undergraduates i do n't think this is true . 
  if you go to a russell group you will be taught very little and most of the people who work there concentrate on their research . 
  you will learn a lot though and you will have access to the bleeding edge in your field . 
  there used to be a distinction of polytechnic , where you were taught and university where you are expected to learn through guidance but that has disappeared now . 
  caveat : i went to imperial 20 years ago . 
  as always it 's vague : a pedestrian should n't step on to the zebra crossing until all the traffic has stopped , however a car must stop when a pedestrian is waiting . 
  of course the driver is the only one licensed/insured so all the responsibility is with the driver . 
  rule 18 - https://www.gov.uk/rules-pedestrians-1-to-35/crossings-18-to-30 rule 195 - https://www.gov.uk/using-the-road-159-to-203/pedestrian-crossings-191-to-199 i wish pedestrians followed the rules though . 
  you 've made very valid points . 
  for me , they reinforce my position that multiculturalism does n't work . 
  not because people need to forget their heritage but because when not pushed or enticed all ( most ) people naturally ghettoise themselves leading to more problems . 
  i suspect that the host population in the uk is happier to let muslims live in ghettoes than to confront them over issues such as rights for women and lgbt . 
  multiculturalism becomes a front for political correctness and laziness . 
  it insults the immigrants by assuming they dont want to change and integrate , that they did n't come here for a better life and it allows racists on both sides to manipulate the situation . 
  ultimately this leads to a vicious cycle where second , third and fourth generation immigrants do n't feel like they belong and are easy fodder for troublemakers on all sides . 
  it 's very telling that the caribbean and chinese communities in the uk , despite looking as different from the aboriginal brits and facing similar issues of racism and xenophobia are far less ghettoised ( physically and mentally ) . 
  the church regularly receives money from the government for maintenance of it 's cathedrals and churches . 
  the church is a charity and exempt from many taxes , the church is untaxed on all the land it owns . 
  all of this while the church is one of the biggest institutional investors with around # 5 billion invested . 
  while there is no direct stipend from the uk government to the uk church as with much of the uk constitution it 's full of vague rules and back handers . 
  i 'm sure the church of scotland gets the same benefits . 
   is it just the socializing time falls after they are married ? 
  for the women ( one of whom was my girlfriend during school/uni ) it became impossible for them to hang out with a white guy like me without getting in to trouble . 
  i guess i stopped seeing them once they started going through the process of marriage ( meeting lots of prospective men and their families , you know the drill ) . 
  it 's like there are spies everywhere and it always got back to their parents , `` ahmed 's father 's cousin 's friend saw you in the high street with that boy again ! '' . 
  their parents told them it was n't proper for a young women to hang out with a man . 
  it was quite sad , i miss them . 
  the amount of pressure muslim parents can put on their kids is orders of magnitude more than mine ever could . 
  it 's quite scary . 
  for the guys it was like they stopped drinking , smoking and fucking and decided they did n't want to know their old friends again . 
  they were n't impolite or anything . 
  they just said they could n't hang out anymore because they had family things to do but i know their parents told them they needed to settle down . 
  they went from dressing like me to dressing like their fathers . 
  they changed so they could fit in and their parents would forgive them for their past misdemeanours . 
  it makes me sad because i know at least half of them were atheists but it 's too hard to leave the group-think . 
  the pressure is so immense . 
  i 'm sure you know what i mean . 
  in my mind the women were forced to leave their old friends and the men were too lazy to fight their parents . 
  it 's not just a muslim thing either , nearly all my hindu friends evaporated after uni as well ... hang on maybe i am the problem  anyway , whatever you decide , know there are friends out there so you 'll never really be alone on your journey . 
  if you can get to london , there is a large network of apostates that can help . 
  i 'm sure you know of the ex muslim group http://ex-muslim.org.uk . 
  many of my muslim friends never left for the reasons you state so i know how hard it is to give everything up . 
  the sad thing is that i do n't see them anymore as they all got married and disappeared in to the community . 
  well 800 years ago the church of england administered all laws , ran schools and collected tithes from all parish members ( it was not possible to not be a parish member ) . 
  they did this with the authority of the king and were effectively the local government . 
  now they run 1/4 of all schools , have a guaranteed position in government regarding education and sit unelected in the house of lords ( upper revising chamber ) but at least they do n't directly tax parish members but they do get massive state subsidies ... so we 're nearly there in the uk . 
  all religions change over time , it 's people that form them and it 's people that can change them . 
  i guess at the core of my argument is that i believe there are muslims who want a pluralistic , secular society and would like to reform islam and integrate it in to society . 
  we just need to help them to do it by offering protection and stamping down on people who seek to intimidate them . 
  i could be wrong but certainly in the uk most muslims are more relaxed than the media would have you believe .
