  for some reason we do n't tar the whole irish population with the same brush anymore but we still do seem to think all romanians are dodgy . 
  sorry , you 're just new to us islanders , we 'll get better i promise  the few romanians i 've met in london have been lovely warm people . 
  maybe too lovely and warm for a londoner to cope with !, 
  1 . boats are slow 2 . 
  it 's difficult to get off of a boat , even in a small swell , on to a ladder to get in to the facility . 
  if there is an accident it can take hours to get injured off by boat and if it 's bad weather then forget it . 
  helicopters are affected by bad weather but not as much as boats are . 
  so that 's why i think it 's probably unmanned a lot of the time . 
  of course i 'm sitting here 100km from the sea having taken less than 10 boat trips in my entire life and zero helicopter trips , 
  my first thought . 
  it makes me think it 's largely an unmanned facility . 
   it is bizarre , people are voting completely against their own interests . 
  this line says it all about parties on the left . 
  when people vote for left wing parties the party goes off and does what ever it wants for the `` good of the people '' but ignoring the people . 
  when people vote for right wing parties the left says people are n't voting `` in their interests '' but what they really mean is the interests of the left . 
  the left needs to stop treating people like idiots that do n't know what 's good for them . 
  if you do n't trust individuals you do n't trust democracy . 
  the left needs to understand that people weighed up all the left had to offer and did n't vote for it because the negatives outweighed the positives . 
  people are not idiots , sheep or political illiterates . 
  i would probably append ' ( sic ) ' to the title . 
  personally this episode has shown france to be weak and germany to be strong ( er ) . 
  that 's a europe i can feel happy to be in . 
  i want a pragmatic europe , one that moves forward when common sense dictates not on the philosophical whim of a leader . 
  europe is n't an emotional project for me , it 's a tool for spreading democracy , wealth and freedom . 
  has germany covered itself in glory ? 
  of course not . 
  has it been a completely perfect example of harmony and compromise , nope . 
  are the greeks evil , feckless fools ? 
  hell no . 
  europe is a long term process , not a quick fix and if it can learn to take hard decision 's and actually follow it 's laws it 's the kind of place the uk can actually enhance and help grow ( in a pragmatic way ) . 
  i was an `` in '' and i 'm still an `` in '' . 
  i know this is n't the point of this post but it 's pretty shocking how many people didnt answer `` do n't know '' . 
  i follow politics in the europe and markets pretty closely and i have no fucking real idea how eurozone/greece got itself in to such a pickle . 
  after hours of watching tv and reading i feel all i know is the propaganda for both sides . 
  `` all i know is that i know nothing '' - some idiot . 
  sorry i 'm using war in the more general sense where two parties are arguing with one another . 
  the crucial difference is that the church owned the definition of christianity . 
  if you called them unchristian it made no sense , they killed you . 
  the powers that exist now , if they are undemocratic , are being compared to an concept that ** they ** ca n't change . 
  if enough people are unhappy they can elect new people . 
  it 's far from perfect but a lot closer than a theocracy . 
  if the dutch and french are unhappy about changes they can also take the powers to court , before secularisation , the courts were the church or the king . 
  do n't like the court decision go and visit your local paper and start a campaign , before secularisation the only power was the church and the bible . 
  these separations are hard won and when you look at other countries we in europe are lucky to have the problems we have and not the problems of theocracies . 
  i tend to agree , the rise of christianity just replaced one hierarchy with another . 
  you can argue that christianity was more ` evil ' than paganism or that it brought many good things like the ` rule of law ' and libraries ( even though there was common law before and of course no one could read so who cared about libraries ) . 
  but the secularisation of europe took the powers that the church had accumulated over time and brought them under democratic influence allowing the masses to slowly build a society that they collectively wanted to live in . 
  this stopped the perpetual war between protestant and catholics . 
  allowed people of no faith to ` come out ' and all faiths to practice their ancient myths . 
  the law will no doubt be broad enough to cover `` manual '' encryption making it totally impractical , like banning rhyming slang or polari https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polari https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhyming_slang, 
  jokes on you !, 
  we 've probably only got one ship to send !, 
  thank you , the article said it was called air products so i assumed it was some sort of compressor factory . 
  my logical brain first thought why attack a factory ? 
  maybe they make something unislamic like pork harry potter wands ? 
  but of course the whole point of terrorism is to spread terror and there is nothing the comfortable fear more than randomness . 
  another sad day . 
  if you look here : http://www.libdemvoice.org/tag/drugs-policy you 'll see many articles going back to while they were in power where they called for reform and legalisation of drugs . 
  the earliest is 2012 but the lib dems have been debating this internally for 15 years or so . 
  hey you got a chunk of our ireland as well / s, 
  yep , sounds like every gang turf war ever , where ever . 
  the more turf , the more extortion you can perform and the more stable your income is . 
  the more stable your area the easier it is to bribe and then things start to calm down . 
  is n't this the sort of thing that wallander can stamp out !, 
  denmarkian election denmarktopian election scandywegian election at least they did n't day dutch !, 
  is this really a surprise . 
  the propaganda against germans that ww1 children faced in the uk and the subsequent ww2 lead to years of popular hatred for germans and all things german . 
  even the royal family distanced themselves from their german roots . 
  people do n't even realise our xmas is basically a german xmas a day late !, 
  now of course the germans did some shit and the jews did n't really do anything but come on !, 
  we could n't even call german shepherds , the dog , german shepherds , 40 years after the war !, 
  it 's pretty fucking stupid . 
  it 's been wiped from our minds that we 're as closely linked to the germans as we are the french and danes coz all you mother fuckers kept coming over here and raping our mothers !, 
  thanks for making me a 185cm tall and blonde you fuckers !, 
  but seriously , propaganda works . 
  this is n't news . 
  the real news is that the germans i know now laugh about the war and take the piss and go all basel fawlty about it and that shows wounds have healed and we 're all normal again . 
  actually , germany , please come and take your royal family back , we 've got to move on from all that crap and it would really help us out , cheers . 
  the libdems passed a motion to legalise brothels and go a little further in 2014 : http://www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/sto/news/politics/article1467419.ece however i do n't think it was even mentioned in their manifesto . 
  as you say , it 's not a vote winner and it 's easy to attack from the right . 
  the libdems have always debated and pushed for more liberalisation on the ground of protecting women . 
  when they get back in to power in one hundred years things will change !, 
  yeah , varg and his band mate in burzum were basically idiots which is a shame because their basic premise that they want their culture back ( ancient nordic/germanic stuff ) is fine and possibly reasonable but killing each other and burning churches is just a bit stupid !, 
  in metal you get similar scenes to punk where some people just take it all too far or mix it with naziism , racism and homophobia . 
  it 's a pretty small subculture in an already small pretty small subculture . 
  like in punk no one tours or plays with those bands and most promotors wo n't touch them . 
  i suspect this rapper dude will receive the same treatment , i hope so anyway . 
  i do n't know anything about this rap artist or his audience so i do n't know about their religiosity . 
  as an atheist i would agree , we 're all so much more level headed  but as a liberal i just think the person should be able to sing what ( s ) he wants . 
  i 've got a feeling that 's not popular though when it comes to black men and stabbing women 's cunts !, 
  well if you take a derivative of death metal , black metal , then it 's highly political . 
  you could also argue that any band that sings about their pagan culture being replaced by christianity is also political ( common theme is swedish dm ) . 
  also not all rap is political but i know what you mean , there is an over representation of `` ghetto lyrics '' in rap . 
  i do n't think many death metal bands just `` stick lyrics over the top '' they are often quite lyrical and thought provoking . 
  they are very different of course , but if you want freedom of expression then you 're gon na hear music like this and that . 
  it 's just the way it goes . 
  it 's no different from [ marduk ] ( http://www.metal-archives.com/bands/marduk/386 ) singing about killing all the christians . 
  no it 's ok because it 's art and freedom of expression . 
  if you want to stop this then you 'll have to stop one of sweden 's top exports : lovely swedish death metal . 
  now if someone does go about raping and killing , that 's different .
