  they are socially constructed , * socially * being the key word . 
  they ware made by many people over a long period of time , and those who made them did n't know they were doing it . 
   religion does n't have to be forced on kids and it should n't be . 
  i had no religion forced on me by my parents and i like that . 
  because i 've seen the ugly side , kids literally shamed and made fun of me for saying i do n't believe in god . 
  i was asked , i responded truthfully and ever since then it became a hilarious thing to them , they 'd be like `` see , ask him if he believes in god , it 's hilarious !, 
  ha , you 're going to hell !!!, 
  hahaha '' i did n't mind that much because i was used to being a laughingstock but fuck if i would n't want a bit more peace and to be laughed at less . 
  so you did n't have a religion forced on you and you became an atheist ( the same happened to me btw ) . 
  that 's kind of my point . 
  you did n't make a choice , the choice ( no religion ) was made for you by your parents . 
   is that your `` person 's identity '' ? 
  brainwash kids to believe in an imaginary daddy but do n't even think about teaching them to respect others ? 
  priorities i guess i do n't see why it should be one or the other . 
  both are foundations for different kinds of personal identities . 
  some people are religious , some are n't ; some are respectful , some are not . 
  either way , they did n't really choose what they are . 
  no , that is not what they wanted . 
  how can people even believe this ? 
  they want to conquer us , nothing more ; and since they ca n't , they settle for hurting us . 
  there is no long-term master plan to subvert western society , or anything like that . 
  for the same reason s/he has a culture by default . 
  those are core elements of a person 's identity , the idea that one can choose them is absurd . 
  they totally are . 
  not for long . 
  what is real without being physically manifest ? 
  how would we even know it 's real ? 
  good , human rights are an incredibly stupid idea , and the sooner we get rid of them , the better . 
  human rights are a social construct , nothing more . 
  laws and constitutions can be changed . 
  it 's illegal to jail someone for that now , it does n't need to be illegal in the future . 
  traitors are worse than enemies . 
  you will only get decapitated . 
  right , that 's what astounding , the racism on a subreddit , definitely not islamic terrorism irl . 
  man , self-hatred is awfull . 
  london spirit : when you 're so used to terrorism it does n't even faze you anymore . 
  this needs to become an idiom , like stockholm syndrome . 
  people die all over he world , and they 're all humans like us . 
  do we have a responsibility to save everyone , no matter the cost ? 
   we just ca n't let people die in the ocean you can say that we * should n't * , but clearly we * can * . 
  who would stop us ? 
  europe 's classical liberalism and the us social liberalism are somewhat different , but both are inherently individualistic , and this is what prevents them from understanding and accepting the incompatibility between western culture and muslims . 
  this implies that countries are passive receivers of immigrants , who on the other hand are the sole deciders of their destination . 
  this is not true though , even the most attractive country can still refuse to accept migrants . 
  the ss did have awesome uniforms . 
  makes sense . 
  thx for the clarification . 
  sure , but how does that make him ( the first gentleman ) succesful ? 
   marry a guy  successful ok, 
  i can see the difference , here she looks his mom , not his grandma . 
  the comparison between melania and brigitte ... ouch . 
  they 're not forced , they can go back . 
  they just have no right to live anywere else in europe . 
  because people are not stupid and can recognice a pattern , or its absence . 
  they wo n't accept our cultural norms unless we force them to , and this requires being intolerant . 
   what we did to them 1000 years ago was very bad . 
  and i 'm ashamed of that . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  all legal force is backed by the threat of physical force , it 's inevitable . 
  what happens when someone breaks the law ? 
  if the child never start going to school no teacher can inform the authorities , if he 's not registred at birth the authorities do n't even know he exists , and if the family lives in nomad camps , without having a legal residence , good luck finding them . 
  either they ca n't control their own waters and coasts , in which case they 're not sovereigns , or they do n't want to . 
  either way , we 're legitimate into taking direct action in order to defend our borders . 
  and if they oppose it , we send the military navy to escort the coast guard and threat war . 
  tribalism is what allows a society to exist . 
  we should just make sure that the `` tribe '' is the country , and people are loyal to it . 
  it sounds like they were obviously not your friends , nor you were theirs . 
  the coast guard should take them on board , sink their boat , feed them , reach the nearest coastal city of the county * they 're coming from , and leave them there . 
  no need to shoot or let anyone drawn or starve . 
  edit : i mean the country the migrants are coming from, 
   as an immigrant working for a decade , i would never call myself a citizen of the country i 'm currently working with , despite being here for 10 years . 
  no passport , residence permit or whatever other beuracratic nonsense will change who i am , where i have come from , the values , the culture of my people , our religion , the very history that runs through my blood . 
  i 'm sorry to say that the western european countries will have to finally understand that for the vast majority of people in this world , their sense of self is intrinsically tied to their birth : their country , their culture , their religion , etc. 
  and not just a passport or how much time they spent living in the country . 
  identity is n't traded as easily as you think . 
  i think the reason a lot of people in the west have a hard time understanding this , is our conception of man as an * individual * . 
  this entails the idea that there is a fundamental individual core to each person , and that things like culture , religion and community are incidental facts , that can be changed more or less at will , like clothes ; in reality though , this is not true , those things define us , they are our very essence and we bring them to the grave . 
  constitutions can be changed . 
   to en ** force ** harsh integration policies that would be `` force '' . 
  because those values are self-contradictory . 
  it really does n't . 
  we evolved a desire for retribution because it works , it actually reduces conflict in the long run . 
  why should n't we * react * if * progress * caused a problem ? 
  `` the vaccination compulsion was absolutely not abolished . 
  we just created a different burocratic process for the schools , who can no longer refuse to enroll those children who lack a vaccination certificate '' . 
  this is what the minister of health rosy bindi said during the show `` prima pagina '' , hosted this week by journalist roberta tatafiore . 
  `` from an administrative point of view - bindi went on - the schools will still have to aquire the vaccination certificates for the asl ( health ministry local departments ) , and this will smooth out the process '' . 
  `` the schools - she added - will have to tell the asl who failed to produce a vaccination certificate , precisely because we must monitor the number of those who do not wish to get vaccinated , since once this number reaches between 2 % and 5 % , we will have to intervene in order to make the compulsion absolutely strict for everyone '' . 
  regarding the choice , increasingly popular in our society , of using alternative medicine , the minister claimed to be willing to create a commission to study this sector `` we we must find out a balanced path in order to , on one hand , strengthen evidence-and-science-based medicine ... and on the other hand ( to strenghten ) the rispect for this sensibility which is different , alternative , and which is a feature of our society '' . 
  firstly , there obviously are cultural differences between countries . 
  frankly , i 'm not even sure how this can be denied . 
  secondly , the lines on the map are not arbitrary , they 're the result of a historical process that ca n't be ignored , because it has actual real life consequences ( for example , the fact that different people developed different cultures , and would n't agree much on anything ) . 
  thirdly , dividing ourselves along aritrary lines is part of our deepest nature , we do it all the times . 
  just think about fans of different sport teams . 
  it 's just not something we can do away with . 
  ] ( http://www1.adnkronos.com/archivio/adnsalute/1998/09/30/sanita/vaccinazioni-bindi-non-abolito-obbligo-ma-procedura-diversa_134300.php ) we must respect diversity , that 's why, 
  there are people who ca n't get vaccinated , like very young children and immunosuppressed people , and their only defense is everyone else being vaccinated . 
  there is no group without exclusion , no country without borders . 
  and of course , there is no civilization without a country . 
  exactly , some people are just more intelligent .
