   ... and you seemed to agree with it , at least with the general principle that unjustified is equivalent to arbitrary . 
  i agree on principle , but honestly i do n't think there can be any morally arbitrary reason at all , as all situations are somewhat different . 
   now you are attempting to find some middle ground . 
  there is none . 
  it 's a true dichotomy . 
  if appeal to nature or tradition is not a valid argument then it must be an arbitrary reason . 
   you also contradict yourself . 
  if you really believe that observing a tradition is a moral duty , then ** clearly you must believe that appeal to tradition is perfectly valid moral argument ** . 
  so it really begs the question : why do you shy from it and are satisfied with just having `` non-arbitrary reasons '' or `` common causes '' ? 
  i do believe those are valid arguments , i wrote it : * appeal to tradition and nature are ** not ** actual fallacies . 
  *  legislators are technically not obligated to listen to their voters in representative democracy , but they most likely will , because its in their interest . 
  the real moral question here is whether voters ought to vote out of spite . 
  i say that if it 's wrong to act out of spite as an individual , then it must be wrong even when crowd does it . 
  why do you assume it would be out of spite ? 
  a lot of people honestly believe homosexuality to be immoral ; probably more people believe this than the opposite . 
  and a lot of people think that public morality is a common good . 
   that 's a just pompous way of saying that you do not know . 
  fair enough , but we also do n't know that there 's not going to be negative consequences , and the lack of knowledge should suggest caution . 
  hume was a moral intuitionist , he believed morality could not be known through reason , that people know what 's wrong and right through their passions ( emotions ) . 
   * morals excite passions , and produce or prevent actions . 
  reason of itself is utterly impotent in this particular . 
  the rules of morality , therefore , are not conclusions of our reason . 
  *  david hume - a treatise of human nature, 
   now i 'm convinced youre a troll , because you 're the one that used the phrase `` self-evidently immoral '' in the first place . 
  i 'm sorry , i was n't clear . 
  what does n't make sens is asking shy it 's self-evident . 
  if it was possible to anwer this question , it would n't be self-evident . 
   and to answer your second question , because it 's harming to another individual . 
  did n't realize i 'd have to explain why that 's the case . 
  why is it wrong to harm another individual ? 
  and is it wrong to harm a criminal , either to stop his crime or to punish him after due process ? 
   why is it self-evidently immoral ? 
  this question does n't make sense , but i can use it too . 
   obviously anything that harms another individual is immoral why is it obviously immoral ? 
  was hume a troll too ? 
   you 're the one questioning the morality of incest . 
  i 'm not , it 's self-evidently immoral . 
  there is no question . 
   i do n't need a `` giustification '' for my stance , because my stance is `` let people whatever the fuck they want '' whereas your stance is obviously `` you can only abide by my set of morals '' . 
  would you let people murder , rape or steal ? 
  of course not , because those actions are immoral . 
  so your stance is `` you can only abide by my set of morals '' just as much as it 's mine ( as morality is just that , prescription ) . 
  the only difference is that your set of morals is deficient , it lacks a lot of prescriptions . 
  oh yes , it 's clearly impossible for him to enact his program without changing the constitution , for which he 'd probably need an absolute majority . 
  i was just commenting on the sheer illiberal disposition of so many people , willing to just do away with such an old principle as freedom of religion . 
  this is clearly a violation of both freedom of religion and formal equality . 
  and 15 % to 20 % of dutch agree with it ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  libertarians are a subset of liberals . 
  and to my knowelege liberalism is the only moral system that would even question the morality of incest , and demand a rational giustification for any moral claim . 
  maybe you think it 's a reasonable demand , but it 's not ; most people throught history just assumed their morality was dictated by some gods ( so it was unquestionable ) or it was the natural order of things . 
  there are no arguments for morality . 
  you could n't even argue convincingly that genocide is wrong . 
  either you feel something is wrong , or you do n't . 
  and while to some extenct morality is socially constructed and varies between cultures , at the same time it 's clearly partially innate and universal . 
  and if there is one universal moral rule , it 's that incest is wrong . 
   your first point breaks down into appeal to nature or tradition . 
  it does n't , as i did n't say that nature and tradition make the discrimination right , just that they make it non-arbitrary . 
  and anyway , appeal to tradition and nature are not actual fallacies . 
   just because something is common does not make it morally right and vice versa . 
  no , but it shows it 's not arbitrary . 
  why would many different cultures reach the same conclusion , if there was an underlying common couse ? 
   but more importantly neither tradition nor nature is remotely relevant when we are talking about personal choices . 
  choice of a partner is deeply personal matter . 
  we were n't talking about personal choices , we were talking about law and policy . 
  and i strongly disagree : i believe following your tradition is actually a moral duty . 
   the set age is not a generalisation it 's a compromise , based on what people demand . 
  there clearly is a demand for same sex marriage , so legislators ought to respond . 
  to have institution set in stone would be undemocratic . 
  if the majority oppose it , does the legislator ought to ban it ? 
   you have not demonstrated such thing have any value . 
  norms are necessary for our wellbeing . 
   actually you said in the beginning that it 's uncertain what effect will same sex marriage have , which means you do n't know . 
  that is true , mine is an hypotesis . 
   you have n't but people who lived or live with children in same sex partnerships can have problems with legal vacuum . 
  obviously unequal rights damage people who are being wronged . 
  the problem there is that people in same sex relationship have children at all . 
  it 's self-evidently wrong , and this is a cultural universal . 
  and your failure to see it on your own is just proof that liberalism is a mental disorder . 
   old , demented conservatives all the hubris and moral bankrupcy of progressivism , in just three words . 
  there 's already people saying incest is ok if it 's between consenting adults . 
   communism is a political ideology , no clue how you can compare it to equality of all people in front of the law . 
  equality is an ideology . 
  maybe to you it seems self-evidently right and apolitical , but such is the nature of all ideologies , and marx himself did n't see communism as an ideology . 
   a ) end of fascism as a political movement in germany  b ) social changes are negative i never claimed all social changes are negative , so this is a strawman . 
  i just clained they can be , and since our society is pretty decent right now , it 's foolish to take a huge risk for a small potential reward . 
   i 'm done here though , it 's obvious that you are a racist simpleton . 
  there is no use in discussing with extremists . 
   go on , hate and oppress peoples ' rights who do you no harm and justify it with blatant racism . 
  racistracistracistracist . 
  do you feel better now ? 
  but really , when did i justify the prohibition of same-sex marriage with racistm ? 
  i do n't think i did , but i 'm pretty interested in this argument , i may use it in the future . 
   may a lightning strike you while shitting . 
  unfortunatley , we killed god , so there is no reason to expect justice in the world . 
   saying that changes in society are dangerous eventhough societies are in a constant change since its existence shows that . 
  so , social changes are n't dangerous . 
  ok . a ) communism was not a social change b ) communism was positive what is it ? 
   problem is that your justification is arbitrary . 
  not at all .
