   you just highlighted the point yourself . 
  it 's as dumb as saying lazy italians make the whole of italy incompatable with modern capitalism . 
  hell italians and polish and irish have all experienced the same treatment in america as immigrants of being `` evil and out to get us all '' yadda yaddah . 
  during wwii japanese-americans , gernam-americans and italian-americans were interned . 
  i agree with that decision . 
  to me , national security is more important than personal liberties . 
  also , we brought the mafia in america , so the kida had a point about us being evil ...  so pick a position , do you believe in pre-crime based on someones religion/ethnic origins or do you believe in western values of not punishing people before they commit a crime ? 
  western values are liberals . 
  i 'm not a liberal . 
  so i 'm really against them . 
  ironically enough , i like islam better . 
  everything you said can be criticized , but not on the ground of it being nazism . 
  except it did n't start with trump . 
  [ bush was compared to hitler . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzcp-tbqfks ) [ so was mccain ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/celebritynews/2624044/madonna-angers-john-mccain-with-adolf-hitler-jibe.html ) [ so was romney ] ( http://ntmynews.com/2016/mitt-romney-hitler/ ) now they * may * ( not saying it 's true ) have an actual wolf , but * for some reason * people wo n't believe them . 
  arbitrary is something done on a whim , a choice based * only * on subjective feelings and * not at all * on objective facts . 
  it is a fact that some people are muslim , and it is a fact that some muslims engaged in terrorism , so it 's not arbitrary to target muslims . 
  as for foreigners , does romania allow * some * of them to vote ? 
  what it actually is , is a collective policy not based individual differences . 
  and while this is definitely illiberal ( as liberalism is individualistic by nature ) , it 's not a new thing . 
  for example , it 's not arbitrary to deny the vote to children , as they 're objectively different from adult ; yet , the age of majority is standard for everyone , regardless of individual development , which does vary ; is it arbitrary ? 
  i doubt anybody actually believe all muslim want to kill us . 
  what a lot of people believe , is that the few who are terrorist are evidence of islam and western culture being incompatible . 
  which does n't seem far fetched . 
  also , generalization and stereotypes are not specifically nazi things , everyone do it and everyone has ever done it , because it 's impossible to think about millions of people as individuals . 
  and imo policies need to be somewhat based on it . 
  refugees , migrants and muslims are n't * arbitrary * scapegoats at all . 
  the first two are foreigners , which is a meaningful legal and moral distinction ( so much so that all countries discriminate against them ) ; and muslims were involved in a number of actual terrorists attacks . 
  black hitler is actually a guy named gazi kodzo . 
  it will happen , it 's just a matter of time . 
  that the right is more authoritarian than the left is not a secret . 
  and i say it as a right wing authoritarian . 
  how can people disagree with me ?!, 
  but seriously , those who are against gay marriage are way more than the 1 % in any country . 
  it looks like the pendulum is swinging back . 
  it was about fucking time !, 
  and that 's bad m ` kay, 
  i 'm not so optimistic , i do n't really believe it 's possible to reduce tribalism . 
  there 's only so many people an individual can meaningful interact with , and even in a single nation we still manage to divide ourselves : over geography , class , religion , race , sport team , whatever . 
  that was beautiful . 
  it 's not just size either . 
  usually , different countries speak different languages , while different regions inside a country do n't ; the regions tend to also have more similar cultures overall . 
  this makes labor mobility easier and cheaper inside a country than between two . 
   an europe of nations will inevitably lead to war . 
  and a unified europe will have civil wars . 
  simply put , war is not caused by social constructs like nations , it 's cause by human nature ( tribalistic , not universalistic ) . 
  it does n't work quite like that . 
  people change their stances as they get older , becoming less liberal and more conservative . 
  thankfully , there will always be a block of older , wiser people who push back against the dumb ideas the youth always have . 
  liberal-progressives think everyone who is not one of them is a monster , they call this `` tolerance '' . 
  would you let your child be tortured in order to save 100 strangers , in a different continent , from the same fate ? 
  psychologist jonathan haidt wrote a nice book precisely on this subject , [ the righteous mind ] ( https://www.amazon.it/righteous-mind-divided-politics-religion/dp/0307455777 ) . 
  it 's a pretty good read , you should give it a try . 
  my answer is going to be based on what i got from reading it . 
   why ? 
  consider happiness and lack of pain of people as the moral compass . 
  we do n't just choose our moral compass , we 're born with it . 
  it 's a biological tool for social life which evolved through millions of years , and it 's ** not ** just about pain and happiness : ask a million people whether there is something wrong with incest between a couple of adult , consenting , simblings who use perfect birth controll and are never discovered ; 90 % + is gon na tell you it 's wrong , even if it does n't cause pain and does cause happiness , even if they do n't know why they find it wrong . 
  see [ this ] ( http://www.moralfoundations.org/ ) for a better approximation of our moral compass . 
   now tell me which choice would be wrong following this simple rule ... at the individual level , it would cause [ anomie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anomie ) . 
  that 's just too simple a rule , and the human mind needs to be constrained by a social enviroment ; too much liberty is unhealty . 
  then people start thinking they 're cats ... at the social level , it would create a society of individualists who only ever follow the rules if they 're afraid of being punished , without internalizing them ; they would definitely not make self-sacrifices for the common good , since they 'd have no concept of a common good ( the common does n't feel pain or happiness ) ; and since they 'd expect the same from others , they would n't trust each other very much . 
  expect mass tax evasion ( sounds familiar ? 
  ) , little charity , low level of [ social capital ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_capital ) , a lot of social conflict . 
  such a society would be very fragile and weak , and in the long run it would lose out against stronger societies . 
  a nice reminder that reddit is not representative of society . 
  humans evolved to live in small , isolated , group . 
  we 're , at heart , tribalistic ; universal equality is neither intuitive nor common , it actually requires quite the brainwashing to be accepted . 
  in truth , you do n't understand the vast majority of our species . 
  that 's a recipe for social suicide . 
  it 's good to see that the east resists against the degeneracy , i 'm so envious . 
  it was sarcasm , i forgot the obligatory * / s * . 
  the best thing about change , is that it 's reversible . 
  of course , no true european would ever be against the eu . 
  there is no opposition , just russian trolls . 
  man , i know it 's unlikely , but if she does win the meltdown in this sub is going to be glorious . 
  thankfully it 's not legal in italy either . 
  but i know quite a few liberals who wish to legalize it , since `` it does n't hurt anyone '' . 
  why would they care what a bunch or heretics do ? 
  if anything , it will further convince them they 're right . 
  a small step , but a really good one . 
  especially because of the principle behind it , that it 's ok to limit personal freedom and self-expression in the name of the common good . 
  i * hope * it 's a slippery slope . 
  the history of antisemitism kinda points in the other direction , though ... 
   unfortunately not at all . 
   conservative as fuck and neoliberal lap doggy . 
  what kind of conservative and neoliberal policies would he push for ? 
  that 's a lot easier said than done , and the cost is only worth it for those who value their liberty more then anything else . 
  it may appear as a no brainer to a western liberal , but people around the world have different values . 
  more than 80 % of amish remain in their community , and they 'd have a lot more to gain from leaving , then just the ability to date from a larger pool . 
  exept you do need them , for both material and emotional support ; and it 's not just your parents , it 's your entire family , your friends and many of your acquaintances . 
  social control is nothing new , and if it did n't work the amish would n't exist anymore . 
  the state can ( maybe ) protect them from violence , not from ostracism by their community . 
  also , the idea of youth rebellion is mostly a western phenomenon . 
   really ? 
  you can choose a culture and a religion . 
  you can make your own ones too !, 
  you can not believe a lie of your own making . 
   how do you think these ones even started ? 
  someone must have created them .
