  proving what you claim is difficult legally or rationally speaking , proving what i wrote is a click away and there are documented cases with innocence clearly proven of people who had their lives taken - or nearly taken - away . 
  not to mention male sexual assault which is dismissed entirely . 
  where i come from , `` piece of shit '' and `` motherfucker '' or calling you a `` deadbeat '' or `` loser '' counts as an insult or ad hominem . 
  what i wrote above is just how i read what you wrote . 
  now buzz off . 
  thanks , i 'm thinking the same . 
  what would help most is if people would shut up and deal with life responsibly . 
  hard to do in the age of the internet and frivolous lawsuits i imagine . 
   we need legal action to counterbalance the social inequality that has build upon the centuries biggest lie that somehow people got suckered into buying . 
  what right does anyone have to counterbalance social issues with legal measures and how come that only happens when it 's convenient to the agenda proposed by democrats ? 
  how about going into the issues of the people you keep depending and making laws based on it to enforce their behaviour ? 
  no , people do not function this way and it is the primary reason the legal framework provided does not help the issue itself . 
  you need more than just a bunch of laws to correct social misbehavior . 
  you need a framework around that law , you need awareness and education as well as true egalitarian mindset . 
   what is the divorced woman supposed to do if she has n't worked ( in a job , that is ) in years , and now she has to live on her own , supporting children ? 
  what is a man supposed to do ? 
  oh that 's right , he does n't get the kids unless the wife is a junkie or very similarly harsh circumstances . 
  as a default if no such extreme cases exist , the woman is entitled to receiving the children and the father has limited rights . 
   you seem su unhappy i would n't make this about me , if i were you . 
  my parents were n't the best or happiest couple but they stuck through 35 years of marriage that any couple in the us would 've broken off a long time ago . 
  then again , my country did n't have the social or legal framework to encourage quitters and family breakup . 
  as fucked up as even communism was for romania , the for better or * for worse * stuck through and hard people made good of hard times . 
   you say that as though that thing happens all the time and is common practice . 
  never said it happens all the time . . but when and if it does happen - and i 've read plenty of articles on it , despite not being a us citizen - your life is ruined . 
   ironically , i 'm pretty sure the number of sexual assault complaints ruled out as fake by the police is much higher than the number of fake complaints ruled as true . 
  so anecdotal bullshit is ok as long as you 're providing it ? 
  please . 
  there 's a reason i used the syntax `` boyars '' instead of boyars . 
  as for my hyperbole , your comment would imply those systems are static or that all states during the feudal age had the exact same make-up . 
  i would n't be so anal about words if i were you , people do n't need a fully completed checklist to compare things which feature large similarities . 
  just fyi to anyone reading this : the text of that `` emergency degree '' they wish to pass is publicly available at , among other places , [ this link ] ( http://media.hotnews.ro/media_server1/document-2017-01-18-21540059-0-proiect-oug-pentru-gratierea-unor-pedepse.pdf ) so it 's not like people do n't already know or can find out exactly what it does . 
  near-everyone from the judicial branch of the government has already reviewed the document , exposed its fatal flaws and declared it to be `` dedicated '' in nature to certain `` predetermined '' individuals . 
  there are several `` tells '' inside like the mention of 200k euros as the landmark sum under which people can be eligible of amnesty - without going into things like said corrupt person can just split his sum by 199.999 euros and perform separate acts . 
  it 's a very flawed and very clearly intended act meant to break corrupt individuals free - as well as render the political class a higher legal status than ordinary citizens . 
  the mastermind behind it , whose chief administrator drafted the document itself , named l. dragnea was already serving a suspended sentence and another conviction - in a case he has coming up this month 's end - would land him in jail . 
  hey , other guy in the thread made an `` argument '' that having male leaders makes men unoppressed so naturally the equal `` argument '' would state that having female leaders means women are n't oppressed . 
  / armchairlogic, 
   the top earners are male therefore the average man is not oppressed in any way . 
  that 's the argument you 're making . 
  not exactly solid from any word in the sentence . 
  you 're a guy so if you divorce for an ambiguous reason , you do not receive [ equal ] custody of your child - at least in the us . 
  if you get married and for any reason you fuck up and your wife feels like screwing you over , good luck coming up with means to pay her the same amount you 've made during your best years for the rest of 18 years - at least in the us . 
  if you go out with a girl and everything seems great , if she calls you a rapist the next day and files a complaint against you with the police good luck getting a job , staying in the same community or having a life anymore - at least in the us . 
  man gets raped by a woman or in prison ? 
  the most hillarious thing ever , am i right ? 
  / s life is tough for both genders but let 's not pretend there are n't mechanisms in place which keep men in chains - sometimes they 're the right thing as they should provide responsibility for their actions . . but they 're also abused and do ruin a person 's life . 
  if you believe that 's an illusion , better hope you steer clear of the justice system and women with bad intentions . 
   the us higher than spain or france and still they voted for trump ? 
  maybe the fact they voted for trump has nothing to do with their views on equal rights . 
  there 's also the definition of equal rights which is n't provided with the map . 
  relevant :  there 's no hope on the battlefield . 
  it has nothing but unspeakable despair . 
  just a crime we call victory , paid for by the pain of the defeated . 
  yet humanity has never recognized this truth . 
  and the reason for that is , in every era , a dazzling hero has blinded people with their legends and prevented them from seeing the evil of bloodshed . 
  the true nature of humanity has not advanced a step beyond the stone age !, 
  \\ - emiya kiritsugu , fate/zero, 
  hah , nice excuse to shift all responsibility from your actions but that 's not how it works . 
  people make a conscious decision to turn away whether they understand what they 're running away from or not . 
  i 'm saying this as someone who does n't hold much love for the bible or the churches . 
  everyone is 100 % responsible for their own beliefs and nothing they can say can put the blame on anyone who 's offering a system . 
  simple : because it 's not a protest against the government as an entity but their * current behaviour * , which is : attempting to pass an emergency degree which grants corrupt individuals amnesty from prosecution , conviction and current sentence . 
  ** the president is the chosen representative of the people and the guarantor of the constitution and rule of law . 
  ** if he thinks anything threatens said things ( people , law ) then it 's his fucking job to protest , raise awareness and do everything within his power to safeguard our country . 
  he does n't have powers as vast as the president of the united states so among the few things he can provide is physical presence and express support toward the sentiment of the populous . 
  it 's well within his right to be at * any * place of interest at any time he is able . 
  as a final note : a government is * not * a single entity and the branches are part the checks and balances which has to make sure abuse does n't occur from any one part . 
  in romania the president of the country is a directly chosen representative of the people while the pm and his cabinet ( we call this `` guvern '' = government here btw , i know in english government means the entire apparatus along with the legislative etc. 
  so i get why it would confuse foreigners ) are chosen by the party with the majority of votes . 
  this effectively means the president is a distinct part of the executive branch so it can happen that he needs to provide the `` checks and balances '' toward the minister cabinet misbehaving . 
  the pm and the justice minister are the ones which want to pass the emergency decree so in effect the `` government '' is just them . 
  okay let me put you up to speed : just because you remove a title does n't mean what it defines disappears as long as it holds the same properties . 
  it 's just a rebranding . 
  during the communist years there were still a few well placed individuals who effectively ran their place as the boyars would . 
  their private army was the local branch of the secret police along with the `` militie '' aka police which took care of physicalities . 
  they lorded over the city they were in because they had the most influence , the closest political ties to the ruling party and made sure to destroy anyone who disobeyed by sending them to siberia or the danube canal to work to death . 
  today as well , their presence persists as elected officials . 
  do n't be fooled by the `` elected '' part however , they use the same mob strategy to get ahead , remove any better-suited-for-the-job opponents and pass on deals to extort from the national budget throughout their office . 
  they call themselves `` businessmen '' yet most of their deals are with the state , most of their concerns are of influence and connections and they groom their offspring to succeed the business just as you would any feudal lord . 
  the law people are protesting against would effectively seal our country as a feudalist state as it would negate the effect of laws on the rich and corrupt while leaving the ordinary person accountable . 
  at this point it would n't surprise me if in 20 years time they 'll come up with prima noctes if this systemic corruption is n't halted . 
  he 's a good man but the people failed to provide him with adequate government personnel during the parliamentary election so there 's only so much he can do against the cancer who hold the greater power . 
  so much time has passed but our country 's still under the `` boyars '' rule because we failed to have an adequate revolution like the french or english to remove the people pulling the strings and holding our country back . 
  between religious indoctrination , mass media brainwashing and the option to emigrate , it feels like we 'll never get the chance without going overboard like some countries are doing nowadays in part due to russian and us meddling . 
   iohannis , has just started a coup against the legitimate government of this country !, 
  the funny thing is : if he had actually done that , the people would be with him all the way . 
  more than twice the amount of voters got him elected than our current very corrupt government . 
  they 're as legitimate as hitler as far as i 'm concerned and them dropping dead would be a great blessing for our country . 
  the bill they 're trying to pass essentially voids the rule of law so it would prompt lawlessness to bring the country back to normality if it should ever come to pass . 
   implying we have n't nice try , putin . 
  stop posting . 
  we already have a higher gdp per capita than you . 
  you do n't hear because you were n't there . 
  it 's worse than that : only those who steal under a certain arbitrary value may go to jail . 
  i wish i was joking but that 's what the leak of the proposed bill says . 
  pornhub link when, 
   why are you so concerned about foreign press ? 
  because in romania what foreigners are saying matters a lot . 
  the majority of support from the eu and foreigners is the entire reason our country got western values and even tries to make things better . 
  in the absence of foreign dialogue , we 'd still be communist as fuck .
