  i am fully aware of the negative sentiment surrounding the union related to the debt crisis ' management as well as the recent immigration policy business - the primary cause in both cases being us ventures . 
  those are just the newest problems in a long line of issues since the birth of the metal trade agreement between france and germany . 
   ca n't discredit otherwise  better call him crazy  better shove in a free https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argumentum_ad_populum while i 'm at it , never being specific okay thanks , vladimir . 
  http://lanesplitter.jalopnik.com/the-akira-motorcycle-is-real-and-we-rode-it-1628305844 quick googling result [ potential place to buy it ] ( https://www.cycletrader.com/new-or-used-honda-nm4-motorcycle-for-sale---cycletrader.com----cycletrader.com/search-results?modelkeyword=1&amp;sort=featured%3aasc&amp;radius=150&amp;layoutview=listview&amp;make=honda%7c2316874&amp;model=nm4%7c764955169&amp; ), 
  eu having problems is zero reasons to question its existence . 
  everything has problems . 
  in the current international context if you choose to focus solely on the eu 's issues and call for it to be disbanded , you are very clearly taking the same position as russia and in anonymity can be considered as actually being funded by russia - because a lot of people were very clearly proven to be . 
  to reiterate my previous point to which you only felt compelled to reply after the votes were n't in your favor : - the eu * must * survive current attempts at discrediting it by foreign powers - the eu * must * hold strong on the sanctions imposed by russia because of the annexation of crimeea , preferably with the us doing them as well to further add to this : - brexit becoming reality was the product of lies - just as any other attempt at the european union 's integrity is also 100 % a product of lies . 
  the eu is a great thing for everyone in it and the closer we are as people , policy and nations the better we will be within it . 
  we 've been doing that since the `` revolution '' of 1989 . 
  nowadays there are memes resembling our plight with the exodus from the bible so that we 'd need 40 years to achieve a complete `` getting rid of the commies '' process . 
   even blair could n't sell the euro to the brits cause your pound was more valuable . 
   the uk would never join the euro voluntarily oh yeah ? 
  what if your economy starts to tank harder as more poor decisions are made over the years . 
  once the gbp is worth half the euro 's value i think you 'll come around . 
  eu is awesome . 
  i believe it to be in part due to the sheer effort and goodwill of learning from the past and working hard never to repeat its mistakes . 
  if we 'd have half a brain we 'd let them lead the pack until they get our countries in ship-shape like their own . 
  other things aside , they * clearly * ** nailed-it ** on the education facet of reshaping a country to world-class status . 
  wish we start emulating you guys asap !, 
   but again the timing of this idea is interesting . 
  i think it has to do with canada already signing papers enabling romania and bulgaria to travel there visa-free starting december 1st 2017 . 
  they 're trying to bring us up to speed . 
  not like they would n't benefit from the traffic , i know plenty who 'd love to check out the grand canyon but consider the immigration process a * drag * . 
   as long as the eu ignores the voices that oppose it there are always voices that oppose it , especially when fueled out of putin 's pocket-money . 
  it 's no coincidence that the closer russia 's default on sovereign funds gets , the voices within the eu against it grow louder . 
  the eu must survive however . 
  a new cycle of replacing old administrators with the new must take place and they can not support russia 's actions in crimeea no matter what . 
   people ask for immigration controls but the eu bureaucrats say `` that 's trump rhetoric '' and dismiss it so basically it comes down to merkel being to blame ? 
   2020  potential nuclear war  tokyo olympics  akira well , the internet did postulate trump would make anime real . 
  is n't it always ? 
   the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . 
  that is easy . 
  all you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger . 
  it works the same way in any country . 
  source : https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/hermann_g%c3%b6ring this in effect is saying * exactly * that : if you want people to get violent , paint them as oppressed . 
  the more i learn about history in my adult years the more i see all violence from various people painted as `` justified '' and very rarely were any conquerors outwardly admitted they were just in it for the glory/ego as time went on . 
  it still works today as well : the us invasion of the middle east was carried out under the banner of `` self-defense '' . 
  all the military ministries of modern governments are labelled as `` defense '' when in fact they 're the ministry of `` violence '' . 
  putin 's annexation of bits of ukraine is carried out under the banner of defending the russian-affective nationals . 
  you and hideo kojima . 
  can a nuke really go off without a satellite or two or a hundred spotting it ? 
  it 's almost like it 's in the national interest of a country to keep its citizens employed and not firstly cater to outsiders . 
  who 'd have thought ? 
   poor areas with mostly ethnic swedes can have higher then average crime also  is unproven and likely not true . 
  it can be logical as well : someone who knows the ins and outs of where they came from would know who the valuable people the country needs are and how to focus on them while keeping the rest out . 
  many first world countries have a points-based immigration process for screening the most valuable candidates . 
   edgemaster here dismissing the psd 's headmaster for the very crime he wrote in bold next you 're gon na cry that iliescu is n't officially a member or that he wo n't be covered by this bill as well or that he 's innocent , right ? 
  since psd has not been made illegal or their leaders sent to jail for crimes against humanity , not enough ... yet . 
  what you need to know about romania : partidul comunist roman ( pcr ) = fsn = psdr = psd - they 're the ones who passed the executive order everyone is mad about . 
  - they 're the ones with the most corrupt politicians which want to evade the law - they 're the ones that got ceausescu shot as well as kept him in the dark of all the troubles of the people = it was a coup , not a revolution - they 're the ones holding this country back for decades and they use every trick in the commie book to stomp their opponents or the people, 
   this is something that no one would 've ever thought of . 
  not really , friend . 
  here 's [ one video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj_yqtviusi ) ( in romanian , sorry eubros ) with our president back when he was a mayor saying the former psd government lead would do exactly that . 
  it was incredibly foolish of the populace to neglect the parliamentary election and we 'll pay dearly for this mistake unless * something * miraculous or terrible occurs . 
  the psd electorate voted for them because business as usual . . but the ones most at fault were the ones who failed to show up to vote as well as a law passed in 2015 - whose point was to prevent travel-voting - that removed special voting booths for out-of-district voters . 
  less than half the number people who voted our president got psd into power and screwed us all . 
  all because the silent majority failed to show up . 
  they 're awakening now . . but it may be too late . 
  throw axes at politicians and break their skulls . 
  understood . 
  source : middle earth . 
   but they can surely explain how this is in the best interest of romania , they are corrupt politicians after all , not simple thieves . 
  they do n't want to . 
  they 're lying through their teeth or ignoring the problem . 
  rationally speaking they can not invent any lie that would make what they did sound right . 
  everyone knows they did it to get away with robbery and escape convictions - as well as destroy the country : what is the point of working when you can just steal 199.999 ron ( 44k euros ) and not go to jail ? 
  of course , that value is just for show , you can just steal repeatedly 44k x 999 to get rich and never face prison or consequences . 
  our law enforcement agencies wo n't even be able to recover the money in any way . 
  it 's a treasonous act which [ deserves the highest penalty possible . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcjbspxuumu ) ( spoilers : high treason gets life in jail in ro , no desu ), 
  tl ; dr : traitorous piece of shit deserves the noose . 
  acts like a dumbass because of course he would . 
  give us the sauce , please europa !, 
   but one thing i 'm certain , they are unable to lead a government , they are a purely '' anti-system '' / '' anti-corruption '' party , they have left wingers , right wing conservatives , they 'll never have a governing platform . 
  this is a dumb reason not to vote for them . 
  governing a country is like handling a business : there are no `` proven correct '' ways of doing it but if you strive to do your best you can get the wheels rolling . 
  you do n't need a platform to run a country either , some countries went for a year + without even having a government . 
  so long as the institutions created for the state to function do their job properly , it 's a non-issue . 
  we would do better to have 600 sheep in parliament and a couple of dozen in the government than these assholes . 
   its a tough choice but i think i 'd go with dissolved parliament . 
  me too , in acid . 
  we burger now . 
  murica !, 
  you mean like [ this ] ( http://bestofmeanwhilein.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/meanwhile-in-romania-father-of-mad-max.jpg ) ? 
  here be vampires . 
  1 entrance = 100ml donation . 
  thank you . 
  exactly one us president 's worth !, 
   i do n't give half a shit about democrats or republicans . 
  i do n't know what that was about . 
  literally everything i wrote in the original comment was addressed to how the situation is in the us . 
  i repeated that to be extra clear and you ignored it . 
  apologise . 
   if you refuse to acknowledge milleniums of male superiority in all aspects of life , there is little discussion to be made . 
  that 's as shit an argument as greece wanting all its debt forgiven because they 've given the world democracy . 
  you may as well claim that matriarchal society was a thing milleniums ago and it last for millenia as well . 
  acknowledging male superiority does n't mean passing laws to revert to an equilibrium will cause said equilibrium . 
  it 'll only serve to foster social strife and injustice , as it is the actual case . 
  you can dismiss it as anecdotal all you want , it 's the reality .
