  i still like you , britbros . 
  take care of those sharia lunatics while you 're gone , ey ? 
   edit : i did n't mention portugal . 
  we love you too . 
  i do n't know why . 
  because of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-portuguese_alliance ) . 
  rare pepes, 
  for what it 's worth , i do n't want to kick you out . 
  future 2.5 : hilaryca proposes the uk to hold a referendum to become the 51st state : historical boogaloo . 
   maybe !, 
  \\ - rising ocean levels and global warming calamity, 
  do you even want your northern piece back ? 
   the new prime minister will have to decide if it 's better to respect what the people have decided , or to choose the safer route and keep the status quo . 
  if he would disregard the will of the people i wonder if that would make him a martyred hero or a villain . 
  is n't the ball in westminster 's court ? 
  i do n't think the eu need to do anything , really . 
  ( other than reform to keep the rest of the skeptics from leaving ), 
   are n't we 27 equal members of the european union anyway ? 
  is this even realistically possible , hunbro ? 
  just put in a great song and we 'll probably vote for you , after moldova . 
  if you believe in the leadership training i went to ( which is probably similar to any of its kind in the world ) you raise opinion and give positive feedback at least 4 times as much as any criticism posted . 
  the human psyche is 3x more likely to remember negative things than the good ones so you need much more positive information disseminated to the laymen . 
  [ legend of the galactic heroes ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/820/ginga_eiyuu_densetsu ), 
  short term ? 
  the pound is tanking , the countries part of uk are sending signals they want out and all kind of political agendas will be flipped for several months to compensate for the butthurt . 
  long term ? 
  probably not a lot will change . 
  uk will still have trade deals with eu which will tie-in the eu 's rules same as always , including travel & stuff . 
  more paperwork now to get from uk to eu than ro to anyplace in eu . 
   made by shindol \\* salivates profusely ... *, 
  nooo , come back scotbros !, 
  we need your haggis !, 
  doujins when . 
  i 'm not playing the blame game but i am personally wondering what the hell the french security forces were doing in light of the terrorist threats surrounding the euro champ . 
  they mobilized the army in paris to prevent guys with real deadly weapons , surely they should handle some hooligans easily ? 
  do n't worry , historically our * closest * has been france but we 're good friends with serbs , poles , murica , germany for various reasons . 
  what if swe decides to put a turban over their ball ? 
  it 's simple , really . 
  they are the same thing in concept but differ in execution . 
  both regime types are capable of and have displayed plenty of times their ruthlessness and greed . 
  the key difference is that because of multiple actors vying to hold the same chunk of power , it gets divided so they never quite go all the way except for when interests align . 
  for the sake of what you responded toward : you can put an equal sign between western democratic behaviour of aligned interests and ghadaffi 's rule . 
  what i said from the start is just that : they are fully capable of displaying dictatorship-style abuse and have done it plenty of times . 
  what you responded toward was a concrete equal sign between the two , disregarding my nuance . 
  i 'm fully aware of the difference between the two but my point was to highlight that we 're not living under heaven here and tone down the generally demonizing circlejerk discussion as it so often happens when talking about oh those evil dictatorships and our pure valiant regimes . 
   but truth is you could be jailed and tortured for being a political opponent because that never happened to us citizens . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_blair_mountain https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kent_state_shootings, 
  no , i was n't arguing that exact thing you just wrote . 
   tortured people he didnt like , rewarded those who did his bidding ... he was literally a archatypcal dictator i 'm sure western democracies never do anything of the sort , right ? 
  what is this crap that dictators are ruthless and evil and democratically elected governments can do no harm at all for the sake of power ? 
  all you 're declaring is you prefer a mob to rule over you than one figurehead . 
  you know very well what he meant : a population which fights back is one that still has the desire to live and affirm its existence . 
  right now , it does n't seem to be the case . 
  technically nobody wants bloodshed but if the political measures being pushed for will come to pass , it will be all but inevitable as the social cohesion that binds the nations of europe collapses under the strain of foreign usurpation . 
  nobody can argue or change the fact that the vast majority of immigrants have violent , uneducated mentalities and do n't care for any kind of european integration . 
   who will decide what is stupid or misleading ? 
  who cares ? 
  just gather signatures . 
  is n't that what democracies do to even trigger a referendum if enough people feel like having one ? 
   every time someone famous will disagree with results , we will make new referendum ? 
  if they manage to gather enough support , should n't you ? 
   making new referendum now , would only create precedent , where you should make new referendum every single day because someone might vote without full understanding of consequences . 
  do you honestly believe that is a * realistic * supposition of events ? 
  come now , you know humans better than that : they will hold referendums when pressing and urgent national defining matters are being discussed and more than once or twice in a few years they wo n't bother with it . 
  if anything the biggest `` worry '' is that you 'll have an informed and engaged population and the rich and powerful surely would n't want that . 
   then again , who will dedice , that next referendum is the final referendum and nobody else can question it ? 
  the eventual apathy of the population . 
  this is exactly how laws keep changing - albeit with more participation . 
  you can not have a permanent decision behind the way you take care of your country . 
  if status quo changes , the country must adapt . 
   when you signing some contract about xxx , do you read the paper or you just sign it without reading it ( just because someone told you xxx its a great deal ) if you do happen to get suckered in by said contract - let 's say even a marriage proposal - and it turns sour , should n't you have the option to bail out in a way that does n't ruin your life ? 
  that 's why divorce , bankrupcy , abortion and other methods exist because to live is to adapt and change while stagnation and immobility breeds in weakness and death . 
  my argument is one i 'm fully prepared to support so please if you do try again to attack it come with much , much better arguments than that . 
   you cant make new just because people are stupid and believe in everything . 
  why not ? 
  no , really . 
  you never made any decision in your life that did differently in the end because it turned out to be stupid/misleading ? 
  why should an entire population not afford to ? 
  more dodging and avoiding the point . 
  here 's your reply . 
   what has that to do with what i said ? 
  because it attacks the core of your `` okay to start an offensive war '' argument by highlighting there is no such thing as `` okay '' in the first place . 
  rest of your reply is you dodging that very fact and pretending it did n't occur or was n't relevant when it was basically everything you argued for . 
   the premise that it 's okay to start an offensive war to make a country conform to our ethical standards because financial gains is a ok .  why would we take offense on north korea doing the same , or , for that matter , the state of is doing the same to other states ? 
  because geopolitical interests trigger wars , not `` offense '' . 
  can you honestly claim any war in the past 50 years had any kind of legitimacy/no one should be offended by them ? 
  do you honestly believe the `` ethical standards '' of helping the people subjugated to fascism was n't the key component to dragging countries like the us into world war 2 ? 
  do you really think the us was only involved in ww2 after pearl harbour ? 
  war in real life is more than just the declaration and conquest . 
  oh no doubt israel has capable leadership . 
   azerbaijan has no antisemitism , contrary to armenia you can see how recognizing their suffering would greatly alleviate that problem . 
   even if it is moraly right , in the end it would hurt x more than anything . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of ( neo ) nazis who felt ( feel ) the same way . 
  i was just highlighting the irony because i felt it deserved to be . 
   why do governments insist on apologizing for extremism and allowing it to run rampant . 
  if this was a neo-nazi organization it would rightfully be shut down in its infancy but because it 's a religion it gets carte blanche to preach hate ? 
  hubris , essentially . 
  saudi arabia is the dog the western countries use to conduct shady arms deals , money laundering and oil prices . 
  they also use them in a mutual exchange of power to ensure both the spread of wahabist islamic ideology and the slow restriction of freedoms in the western world . 
  if the status quo were not as imperative to the leaders , they would well be on their way to ridding themselves of them in favor of more malleable leaders .
