  absolutely disgusting person . 
  it took me 3 seconds to look them all up . 
  https://ec.europa.eu/commission/2014-2019_en it is 100 % due to your own ignorance . 
  because the progress of a society is n't necessarily correlated with its constituents ' races but by their education , well being and state of mind . 
  i do n't think that matters anymore since their incentive and scope is far different now . 
  they 're not aiming to have the same volume or strength as the whole of eu and probably want the same perks they had before joining . 
   a bad position are they ? 
  they are desired globally , nobody wants to cut them out of any deals and it 's not like they 're bound to say yes to any shitty deals either . 
  if all their potential partners would collaborate in bullying the uk ( not likely ) i could see it but otherwise i do n't think they 'll come out very different ( negatively ) from before . 
  a compromise will eventually be reached - or world war 3 for all i know ? 
  :d - since the uk is a major player on the world scene as is the eu . 
  i referenced norway because it 's a good example of an in-between situation . 
  obviously the uk is much bigger and more complex but whatever deal they iron out with the eu it 'll need to happen and both the uk gov. 
  and the eu gov. 
  knows it . 
  let 's be real : nobody wants to lose/antagonize the uk as a potential trading partner . 
  the best outcome is shake hands , call it a second norway ( if they want to , of course ) and be on our merry ways . 
  my comment alluded more to the uk not screwing things up any more than they have to since their response to the brexit vote was an embarassing bumbling . 
  iceland kicking their butts 2-1 might be a clue . 
  they 'll be fine if they read the fine print and put their best men forward , which does n't include the leave campaign 's primary voices . 
  [ for you ] ( http://shamenun.com/ ), 
  he 's going for the ol' `` uk is special and you need to give us special treatment '' strategy . 
  let 's see how that works out for him . 
  honestly , i thought david washed his hands on the whole eu business . 
  do n't mind him , he 's just a moody bastard . 
  to be fair if the leave campaign mps would be more forward about article 50 and engaging in the things they promised , none of this would occur . 
  as things stand , they can do nothing but eat the `` leftist propaganda '' because of their own incompetence . 
  lem me guess : is it because he killed hitler ? 
  or they could simply be playing good cop/bad cop and wait to see how uk reacts . 
  ah , yes , the monty python system of government . 
  quite remarkable . 
  \\ # 1 thing = there are other things , but that 's the most important . 
   and why did they do this ? 
  to remove a dictator who killed his own people i gave you the actual reason . 
  what you claimed was a lie in the sense of primary reason for the invasion since he 'd been killing his own people for decades without sparking any intervention . 
  it 's not . 
  the # 1 thing which triggers us military to the maximum is financial dissent . 
  the interests of us economy incentivies every aspect of their foreign policy . 
  he killed far less people than everything that unfolded during and after his demise and possession of wmds was the primary reason invoked to do the invasion in the first place , which you of course already know . 
  huh ? 
  it is an alliance and it is a trade block between states . 
  it * wants * to be a federalized democratic superstate but it can not achieve this at the push of a button . 
  if it was n't for all the current drama and member states not being part of every treaty the process would begin but obviously this means that the current form needs restructuring so that the idea can take ground . 
  all democracies have people in charge who are appointed by the people who are elected . 
  in this sense , the eu was n't masquerading either but i wo n't pretend it 's perfect . 
  it can get there with some goodwill and reworking , not with xexiters and infighting . 
   a large part of european citizens has no idea about who is governing them and creating their laws , and that is never a good idea . 
  if you go around the uk asking people who is governing them , you 'd hear the names most said in the media ( cameron etc. ), 
  and that 's it . 
  they can all look them up online and contact them if necessary , which is the point , and it 's the same in the eu as well . 
   the billions from saudi arabia that are funding the terror groups you mean one of the us 's `` closest '' ally ? 
  the country who proudly declared itself at war with terrorism ? 
  got ta love international relations , ca n't hope for any better drama . 
  source for any of your claims ? 
  source for those wmds saddam was deposed for ? 
  you can google `` wmd lies saddam '' for a ton of sources including the donor pockets / u/zedvaint mentioned because the name halliburton will keep popping up . 
  keep feigning ignorance but nobody 's buying it . 
   and why did they do this ? 
  to remove a dictator who killed his own people and committed genocide . 
  you mean like they deposed of kim jong il who was the # 1 harshest dictator with the # 1 most oppressed people on the planet who actually declared and went full speed into researching nuclear missiles ? 
  you know well that the uk and us were n't in the charity business when it comes to the middle east and libya . 
  they did it because they would have switched from the petrodollar to the euro . 
  they knew the consequences all too well and you can find hundreds of news stories where us officials declared that toppling saddam and other dictators would only bring chaos to the region . 
  nice propaganda though , it almost seems rational . 
  thanks ~ ~ obama ~ ~ merkel !, 
   ranging from healthcare to education thank fuck for that . 
  getting us-anything in there is bad for the general population . 
   eu sacrifices ireland eh ? 
  why and how would they do that ? 
  eu being a bully to its own members would undermine the point of the organization . 
  because it gives every member state an equal vote and makes their voice heard . 
  political alliances between states are a different matter from democracies because they need fair representation . 
  had europe become federalized , it would 've come closer to the model you are thinking of where votes are distributed by proportion of population because states would n't have solitary budgets or divided interests as they 'd have homogenized . 
  '' - but what exactly is the eu ? 
  '' , brexiters asked google , dumbfounded at the recent upheaval . 
  france has the euro championship , the world 's eyes is on their country almost every day until the 10th . 
  nobody realistically expected it to happen . 
  tsundere diplomacy, 
  you make it sound as if those people working at the eu get there randomly assigned by the local mob , not everyone 's governments . 
   as many members on the commission as malta . 
  that 's so you wo n't bully little malta . 
  it is n't but it has a symbolic role rather than being influential . 
  most brits know this . 
  yes , romania is more corrupt than the rest of the eu because of nearly 70 years of communist rule and systematic suppression of every form of enlightenment and development our country has gained from nearly 200 years of alliances and influence from france , poland , germany and hungary due to the soviet influence and direct military support . 
  we know all too well what it 's like to have an unrepresentative government but that 's just us , not england who has been at the forefront of parliamentary rule for centuries and kept themselves mostly whole throughout its history . 
  unlike them , we 've been a punching bag for three empires for a millenium and the starting point for all migratory invaders . 
  it 's a miracle we 're still here . 
  you make it sound as if it 's a point in your favour but the truth is the eu has been nothing but a great benefit to our country and we got to join solely because of the great support from the us . 
  oh man , i love [ russel crowe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsqjfij5lls ), 
   the exact two reason why they voted out . 
  it 's okay . 
  there was no rational purpose behind voting out , the entire campaign was based on lies and scaremongering . 
  they can norway things out . 
   vanish take a significant bump but carry on . 
  tunnel filled with angry welshmen . 
  send sheep !, 
  not when there 's drinkin to do !, 
  was this the choice of steins ; gate !?!?!, 
  ironically , that 's what would 've saved boris in the longrun : working hard to perform the gargantuan task in record time would translate into smooth sailing . 
  pussyfooting the issue will be their undoing .
