  why would a military alliance allow one of its countries to look away from arms dealings that fosters a place of conflict on its borders ? 
  [ money . 
  die slowly enough to confess your sins and be absolved by your asailant who quips `` requiescat in pace '' at your final moments . 
  it is known . 
  yooooooooo , we even had [ a mayor voted in while he * was in jail * with 70 % of the votes ] ( http://www.evz.ro/fabulos-cine-este-primarul-din-puscarie-care-a-obtinut-70-din-voturi.html ) . 
  just what the navy needs at shore leave . 
  do you want another napoleon ? 
  because that 's how you get napoleon 'd, 
  https://www.theguardian.com/theguardian/2011/jan/26/genghis-khan-eco-warrior https://www.quora.com/who-was-the-greatest-conqueror-in-the-world-alexander-the-great-genghis-khan-or-chandragupta-maurya mr. khan was also lauded for enabling free trade and lead to an unprecedented exchange between civilizations which was previously hampered by robbers and pirates who now did not dare to cross him . 
  alexander the great and caesar were also ruthless and vicious leaders . . and they are * praised * for their accomplishments and their ramifications . 
  every time you tell a kid ghenghis khan conquered the largest land empire in the history of the world you wo n't hear `` how horrible '' but `` how fucking badass '' . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjgpsl_xyqi ), 
  goes around in cycles : once you 're corrupt enough things start to seem honest . 
   manifest destiny is about territorial expansion into areas that had previously been owned by european governments . 
   so was anschluss  implying it was n't or adding to what i directly wrote . 
  now you 're just trolling . 
   no manifest destiny is about territorial expansion into areas that had previously been owned by european governments . 
   extermination was never the goal of any united states policy to the natives . 
  from the very founding of our country a great effort was made to integrate our societies . 
  forced integration and removal of peoples from the land in which they could live is basically just the same . 
  if a foreign power would come to your house right now and told you to go live in the desert because you refuse to marry their sons and integrate into their system which you find completely alien and in many ways immoral , you 'd feel the same . 
   and you could n't be more wrong on hitlers opinion of the indians it was n't the indians themselves he had a strong positive opinion of but the process of which they were removed . 
  yeah because the technological and civilization divide was gigantic and they stood literally no chance . 
  the settlers from an organizational perspective had every reason to be casual about their situation while the indians were probably witnessing armageddon . 
  `` sporadic '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manifest_destiny https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_removal_act who are you kidding , mate ? 
  there is no doubt internationally what the european settlers did was exactly what made hitler 's panties drop . 
  he even admired the us greatly because of the kind of policies the country had since it was founded . 
  sure the indians fought back but they were completely justified in doing so , as much as any oppressed peoples . 
  the us even issued several apology acts over the years , latest of which was signed by obama concerning hawaii 's occupation - since that state did not join through a popular referendum . 
  bill clinton signed a couple too for the continent 's native indian peoples as did other modern presidents . 
  well , you guys did come from britain and genocided the natives after all . 
  if morroccans slaughtered every dutch person in the netherlands , claim it for themselves , fight against morrocco and win independence then you 'd find yourself in a similar situation to their plight . 
  otherwise , you 're way off-track, 
  nice try , han solo shooting editor guy !, 
  i wonder who else could they put as the pm puppet so they can say they saved face and avoid the president from declining the pm proposal ( which he can do at least once ) . 
   all pnl had to do after that was to reform and get rid of their corrupt members and they would have benefited from the same high turnout rate and support . 
  the reason this happened was because none of these political parties are in a vacuum and all of the mainstay parties have either corruption or people who are corruptible as their members . 
  when dirt ca n't be found , sometimes they manufacture it and use it to foster further corruption within the system . 
  almost no party can get in charge without one of the old crew pulling their strings to throw dirt and have their way . 
  if real stuff does n't work , the media and lies which are also in their pocket can do the job for 'em . 
  i agree . 
  it sucks that the turnout rate were so poor though , especially since we had superb weather in much of the country this election day and the election process mostly went smoothly . 
  it seems it 'll take another club fire to light up people 's desire to want major change in the country . 
  most of the young people could n't be bothered and spent the day in leisure neglecting what amounted to essentially 2 minutes of `` effort '' . 
  usr did superbly for their run and met all realistic expectations . 
  they now have the funding and will gain the experience they 'll need to upgrade their future goals - as an organization they were literally living off grassroots donations so far . 
  let 's just hope psd wo n't be * too bad * for the next four years . 
  after all , they 're not alone in there and who knows what the future brings . 
  it was an editorial the author was most likely paid to write by psd . 
  coming from over 20 years of these guys hogging the parlament seats , it 's not so much that our country will regress significantly so much as slow down its progress . 
  if anything , our previous tehnocratic government was * too good * for us . 
  for even the small amount of time our pm was around , he showed that you can be a professional even when holding the reigns to power . 
  hopefully this will inspire others to work hard as well as the other politicians who are less corrupt to work for the benefit of the country at least as much as their own . 
  usr for example was a party that was created just two months ago . 
  it got traction based on donations and grass roots media via internet sites like facebook . 
  now that they have seats in parlament , they will receive 15 mil $ ( is a figure i read once ) funding from the state budget and this will enable them to put up a better fight next time as well as participate and gain experience in state matters . 
  no country can be salvaged over night so i remain optimistic , despite the `` back to the ol' drawing board '' result . 
  it 's bad but we 've already had these pricks in power and they did n't go full edrogan so as strange as their methods and thinking is , perhaps even the slightest they do care for the country - like the abuser who knows better than to murder its victim . 
  they 're memes , jack !, 
  i call them malignant . 
  they are n't uninformed and most people know well enough what they 're voting for . 
  they just do n't care and want anything that 's good for them * right now * . 
  go around romania and talk to people who voted for psd and you 'll find some of the most shamelessly greedy , selfish and not-interested-about-general-affairs people in the country - completely putting their intelligence aside . 
  this reflects in their chosen party 's behaviour as whenever they win office , their chief concern is always themselves and how they can benefit from their position to extort public funds . 
  we had a streek of 8 years where our president was named basescu and he was a very shrewd statesman . 
  right before he first came to office , the anticorruption agency was founded and during his time is was consolidated with funds , legal prerogatives and employees - oddly enough , it received the most significant boost during the time of a justice ministry lead by someone who had a minor legal case of corruption at one point , also basescu has been making inflamatory remarks since he is n't a president anymore against the agency ; who knows what powerplay he 's making so i do n't take his words literally . 
  around 2015 the dna had a face in laura kovesi who relentlessly instrumented the agency to crack down on corruption cases , working their asses off to obtain proof and send the guilty to justice . 
  this was helped by : - the head of the office can only be replaced by the president - which was why none of the corrupt politicians voted for office could touch kovesi and do something to lessen their resolve - the agency got international limelight after exposing and convicting high-profile cases - usa and eu pushed staunchly for the agency to exist and perform better as a means to better integrate ourselves into the organizations we 're part of , spur the economy and make the country better / more presentable for foreign investment those same factors still exist and while the people as well as foreigners are keenly aware of the agency 's importance , the chance that laws will be passed to strip it of it 's claws are slim . 
  as ever , the main guarantors for the fight against corruption are the people and if they desire a better future for themselves and their children , they will stand up for it . 
   on december 25 we celebrate shooting ceausescu and his wife . 
  the ones who did the shooting were psd 's precursors so let 's not bring it up as something to be scared of . 
  i 'd rather dragnea not go full edrogan . 
  psd/dragnea : coming right up !, 
  romania 's historic regions were taken over by foreigners at some point in the past . 
  in transylvania ( north-west chunk ) romanians and hungarians ( and other , less numerous groups ) coexisted for centuries and as such many families right now are made of blends of both people or have parents who speak both languages as did their parents etc. 
  this means that ethnicity is n't as black and white as places like northern italy but the ones in power use this wrong notion to promote infighting for the sole purpose of acquiring control over the region . 
  for example : there has been a lot of nationalist propaganda concerning the `` national heroes '' avram iancu and kossuth lajos over the years but the truth is they were both out for blood and murdered civilians perceived as enemies - when in fact they were victims who lived together best they could . 
  what 's that mean for the political turnout ? 
  that if a person who is known to be a fine administrator runs for office in these regions , it does n't matter what language their mother taught them first and you will often find romanians voting for `` hungarian '' candidates in those areas . 
  i 've done so myself for satu mare county 's local council several times and each time they were more capable administrators than the psd ( r ) party 's candidates which are known for several shady deals during their administration . 
  the other region 's inhabitants , falling for the nationalist propaganda have very bad stereotypes because of this which is all but evaporated once they visit or live in transylvania and see how peaceful and normal everyone lives here . 
  to even call it `` cohabitation '' would imply we are separate , when the fact is we were a collective whole for centuries . 
  that 's exactly how it is here but wait , there 's more : they cater to ` veterans ' who never participated in any wars and sign themselves up for military positions so as to benefit from huge pensions ( 200-5000x larger than the poorest pensioner who worked his whole life ) when they ` retire ' from all that stealing . 
  so they not only hide theft through various avenues but also collectively pass laws which enshrine their rights to further suck public funds . 
  none of that will change by voting a corrupt political organization which essentially carries forward the legacy of the communist regime , complete with publically known and convicted individuals at its center - which has ` lead ' the country throughout most of its post-revolution years , and always caused problems which the other governments voted in had to fix . 
  of course , the uneducated masses which voted them probably do n't think so but it 's the case . 
  having had a taste of a well functioning and proper government rule for the past few months was n't enough to see the true extent to which our country 's problems , that you 've listed , could be addressed given time and more development - which a continuation of those policies would foster . 
  so yes , they are the idiots : voting for perceived short term benefits - which let 's be real , are not going to solve anything you wrote - instead of relatively selfless professionals who could realistically tackle our problems and strengthen our advantages . 
  you did nazi that coming ? 
  make him play a vr horror game forever . 
  completely disregard the will of the ( lied to ) british people ? 
  yes , he can !, 
  ironically it was n't populism this time that convinced the voter , it was simply a good hard look at the worst option and choosing that . 
  a kind of reverse-psychology idiocracy meant to rouse the ruling class from their slumber . 
  which of the two do you think required a better and more in-depth understanding of history : the drive to repeat the ways of old or the reasoning to attempt something new ? 
  throughout life most decisions you take are based on your own personal experience , your own history . 
  i 'd say forgetting or ignoring mistakes is more likely to cause you to repeat them than if you 'd meditate and remember your follies . 
  the `` myth '' has more to do with human nature and our biases than any trove of solutions and it 's meant to humble us when we grow too audacious . 
  no , the eu is `` a bunch of countries who got together to be more badass at trade and get rid of tarriffs '' which then got more complicated . 
  it all started purely out of economic incentive .
