  it may not matter to you because the uk always enjoyed a privileged geographical position which is easy to defend and you had many leaders who cared for the country . 
  the history of romania is plagued by foreign empires ' influences , a shitload of treason because of them and very few instances where someone put the country and its people on first place . 
  i could contextualize with the modern context more . . but that 's the gist of it . 
  our countries are fundamentally different . 
  i 'd recommend you check out the movie `` thank you for smoking '' for a basic rundown as to how things work . 
  countries maybe not but [ financial centers , definitely . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tulsa_race_riot ) the us has been [ brutal enough ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ludlow_massacre ) in [ any kind of movements ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kent_state_shootings ) in the past that there were n't enough people willing to get out of line and no coalition of countries willing to intervene on the victim 's behalfs . 
  no one dared touch the us and human rights - the one it constantly loves parading when affecting others - did n't mean shit to its leaders when push came to shove . 
  point being : if * the man * was n't so brutal and if the us would n't have the largest military power in the world , it would 've broken apart sooner . 
  you ca n't ignore it because it 's used as ammunition in public discourse and is effective at shifting perception away from corrupted individuals . 
  it 's another wall of explanations you have to break to reach another person of an already very intoxicated populace which overwhelmingly stayed home instead of voting due to apathy . 
  yeah that already happened . 
   i am also of the option that belarus must be destroyed . 
  explain, 
  do n't worry . 
  austrian-backed loggers are hard at work destroying our natural landscape so we should drop out of the top10 pretty quickly , especially given our current parliament & government . 
  those are all conditioned by self-defense . 
  you have added nothing or contradicted in any way what i said . 
  your first statement almost sounds rhetorical but the answer is even more so : the us never really denied their interventions for the sake of corporate and national interests . 
  go read wikipedia pages on the subject , all of them . 
  they 're often discuss subjects on r/askhistorians and occasionally show up in r/bestof links . 
  why do you think the us invaded certain countries but never others , despite them having the same or worse leadership or treatment of their people ? 
  it 's not just invasions though , often times it 's just covert cia ops . 
   addressed the decrepit state of their military . 
  you do realize europe was always more than capable of mustering its forces , ussr influence having gone , right ? 
  the only reason this has n't happened was because the last time it did , a large portion of the world had to suffer for it ; so naturally everyone was more than happy to chill and leave it to the us to carry the big guns . 
  it 's just like outsourcing , happens all the time and it 's normal . 
  so is ridding yourself of it . 
  a couple of nukes ? 
   what 's there to lose ? 
  all life on earth via thermonuclear winter apocalypse, 
   250,000 at most . 
  direct casualties , yes . 
  warfare does more than just pull the trigger on people however . 
   wars have been perfectly legal do n't kid yourself . 
  i have no love for russia but the wars us had waged during the past 50 years were driven largely by money and nothing else . 
  the only `` legal '' wars are waged in self-defense . 
  everything else is greed . 
   european immigrants see the ease with which economic immigrants pass themselves off as refugees while they had to go through much more rigorous procedures and obstacles when telling the truth ( that they want to work ) and being from countries that are european . 
  holy shit , this right here !, 
  the west made a huge fuss over polish , romanian , bulgarian and tons of other nationalities getting visa-free access to the western world over years in which they were denied and worked hard to set themselves at the same table to earn those rights . 
  now some freeloaders from countries that have nothing to do with the conflict in syria march in droves toward the eu we toiled over to join and find themselves getting a free pass and the leaders of the biggest decision-making countries allow them in . 
  that 's equal to spitting in the face of every legal , decent and respectable immigrant who worked to earn his place and live integrated and peaceful lives as well as endangering them and their home country . 
   consider for example treating a person based on his merit rather than his pedigree . 
  this is an extremely novel concept in human history that has been brought in by liberals something between a hundred and two hundred years ago . 
  false and quite the hubris from you to even claim such a thing . 
  ghenghis khan did it and was a core reason for his growth and success . 
  it goes even further back to the revered teachers of ancient china and alexander the great . 
   same thing applies to homosexuality you mean the thing that literally nobody gave two shits about until christianity went full berserk on it ? 
  because the ancient world is full of casual acts of sexuality of every kind without so much as a stone being thrown , if you discount the jews that is . 
  no doubt the rest of your comment is interesting but your take on history is incorrect . 
  i do n't know , it just seems more public than anything . 
  the shit you can read nowadays on what was previously secret , behind closed doors knowledge of your past presidents is quite astonishing along with the fact they got voted in office . 
  we live in interesting times and the next four years will be quite something . 
  \\* hand in popcorn bowl *, 
  how much for 13375p3ak and meme mastery ? 
  that 's what he said . 
  he * thinks * he knows it . 
  he never said he did actually know it . 
  it 's a matter of perception and familiarity . 
  they always did . 
  you just got your different brand of inmates now . 
  sounds like lady justice took a whiff . 
  - vegans eat some things omnivores do . 
  - the dutch eat drop . 
  i rest my case . 
   vegans worse : [ the dutch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qj882qyzr-m ), 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uex5g-gos1k ), 
  the dna of the soul !, 
  i think japanese banks already stated in case this happens they will gtfo of london . 
  being an ally does n't mean you have to invade anyplace your allies do . 
  alliances are usually defensive . 
  to be fair , that 's exactly the propagandistic platform and justification method upon which all western abominable deeds are carried out too . 
  the west is `` different '' , `` the light '' , `` democratic '' ( implying it 's good ) etc. 
  not only that but it 's basically a propaganda vs propaganda fight here . 
  the only way to solve this conflict - and stop the bullets - is for both sides to stop the rhetoric and fearmongering . 
   yet makes you feel like somehow you should feel sympathy for russia i 've seen a documentary on putin 's rise to power and it went through the recent ukraine business thoroughly . 
  it 's not so much the above poster is * wrong * in his information as it is in his intent . 
  sympathy probably is n't his goal as much as `` well if the us are allowed to fuck up countries then so can we '' . 
  i forgot what this behavior is called but you can see it in children all the time . 
  the condescending look too . 
  #waffles , goddamn it , give them to me !, 
  eli5 : why do they want to do this ? 
  did n't get your fill of pedophilia apologistics for the day ? 
  they could just do their damn job and be very specific about who were the perps . 
  muslim is just one attribute out of a potential dozen . 
  happy new year +2 friends, 
   face suspension so ? 
  if you think he did n't know and choose this intentionally then you 're naive . 
  he wanted downvotes . 
   you spent two decades murdering your aristocrats , killing europeans , and losing territory to us due to the cost of doing so . 
  last one was pretty bad , first two were so . 
  so good for the entire world , eventually . 
  assassin 's creed ii popularized these wonderful idioms to the general gaming . 
  bafanculo !, 
    ** that fosters a place of conflict on its borders ? 
  **  pressure might happen if it were a concern for another country , with the amount of media syria 's getting internationally , you 'd think that 's a no brainer . 
  yet the main nato arms dealer - usa - does n't care because 1 . they 're far away from any consequences like refugees 2 . they 're trying to be more isolationistic . 
  it underestimated social dynamics , foregoing how people behave and think in an idealistic manner in favor of focusing solely on economic aspects . 
  this resulted in many polish workers flocking to western countries for the capital they lacked due to internal pillaging .
