  this malice is also what keeps north korea from being liberated for so long . 
  every argument against nk 's liberation is a fallacy that is highlighted when you bring up the world 's attitude toward the holocaust . 
   because of this it is outstanding how delicately israel manages this situation , where a big muslim ( and under erdogan even islamist ) country like turkey is involved yeah , [ the jewish nation sure loves its turkey and self-victimization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide_denial#comparison_with_holocaust_and_israeli_stance ), 
  itt : comparisons of people who caused genocide i 'd say he is correct in saying x is not * better * than y where x and y belong to the * genocide * category . 
  * as much blood as * is where the author seems to want to play the * which genocidal maniac is more evil * game . 
  does it matter ? 
  1 , 1.000 , 1.000.000 , 1.000.000.000 , 1.000.000.000.000 deaths . 
  at what point do you begin to blur the line between degrees and just call evil for what it is . 
  if the [ milgram experiment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milgram_experiment ) has taught us anything it 's that no * one man * is responsible for all the evil caused by a group and we 're all capable of committing atrocity with a very thin veil of courage sparing us from it - granted to us by conditions likely beyond our control . 
  well . . fug :d :d :d :d :d :d : dd :d :d :d :d :d :d, 
  this is why i mentioned  an apparatus that when activated can mobilize , train and influence member countries on how to perform better before . 
  we sometimes vote for a party which does do some good things but 4 years is n't enough time to implement massive reform and improve our society . 
  if these elected officials could call upon an army of people from every corner of the eu to help train and modernize our structure and improve our country alongside the ones we elected , it could provide the necessary boost to do-away with maligned election cycles . 
  i could write a huge list of examples where this aid could be useful but right now romania desperately needs 3.5 years to pass without too much damage being done by the commies in power and we * need * another man like ciolos ( or exactly him ) after that to manage things . 
   i must say that wherever i go in europe , i feel at home yeah , it 's that cultural heritage , common ancestry and shared values thing . 
  it 's not exactly home but very akin to it . 
  i 'd still rather permanently live in ro and see it freed from the yoke of commies and feudal lords ... without replacing it with corporate lords . 
  we did have nice chats between our pm and trudeau to come to terms . 
  was n't so much warning as constructive dialogue . 
  let me put it another way then : if a federation would be one of the long-term goals of the eu that countries would have to adhere to in time as they are with the euro and other mechanisms - without crossing the national integrity of the currently defined countries - i 'd be for it . 
  i 've seen ideas of a federation circulating which would split the current map into equal-sized areas and i 'm not for that kind of union , i think . 
  maybe i 'm too stuck in the old world mentality to see how it could work without it dilluting the power of nations and the people . 
   easier and more effective to pass legislation or take decisions that has its ups and its downs . 
  there needs to be direct and ongoing control from the people to their representatives for this to be a fair mechanism - otherwise it will never be accepted or it will be akin to tyranny . 
  thanks for the dialogue as well !, 
  i call things as i see them . 
  it is true that someone could very well just be ill informed and partake in political discourse in a manner which would resemble a paid russian interest supporter . 
  from the pov of someone arguing with such a person , until they prove themselves otherwise , is there any logical difference ? 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it as many times as necessary : problems always exist , those calling for the eu 's breakup based on said problems - which are not critical enough to warrant such an action - when backed by anonymity can and should be treated as outside agents which seek to profit from the eu 's destruction . 
  their presence is known , their involvement is proven and they should get called out and weeded from any discussion concerning the eu 's future . 
  brexit is one event which caused a fracture in the eu 's membership and it was n't out of the expressed opinion of free and informed individuals as much as lies , deceit and manipulation . 
  this is why the discourse surrounding the eu must take a degree of clarity and be formulated as far away from foreign interests as possible . 
  romania has `` rich '' exposure to russian means of operation so i 'm well aware of the necessity for clarity and distancing yourself from manipulation . 
  from a fiscal responsibility pov yes , from other political points of view not really . 
  it 's hard , everyone 's flawed . 
  we do our best , hopefully . 
  not romania right now tho , damn neo-commies are in power again . 
   what would you think about an european federation ? 
  i love the eu but i 'm skeptical of the idea of a federation being applied . 
  i see it as a hard means of obtaining the cooperation which should take place between already defined nations . 
  i 'm also against homogenizing the countries into a blanket full of little pieces to be run akin to the usa . 
  thinking about the countries as people with personalities and differences makes sense considering the vast differences between them . 
  the eu is a party they joined willingly to become stronger in a shared whole . 
  federalization is akin to brainwashing them to let go of their individual strengths and weaknesses in favor of a middle ground that is more maleable and easily predictable . 
  i feel this middle ground should come through diplomacy and communication . 
  change should come from within out of necessity rather than outside by force . 
  countries should be allowed to go against the flow and given respect if they have valid reasons for doing so . 
  instead of federalization the eu could opt to have reformist agreements that could give the whole group additional options to manage problems . 
  there also needs to be agreements which would impose countries to meet certain criteria to evolve their standing . 
  there need to be criteria toward the entire group to measure its progress . 
  these criteria need involve abstract notions instead of financial , military or otherwise . 
  there needs to be more than just `` let 's be united and manage ourselves better '' , there needs to be additional goals both inward and outward and a measured progress toward them . 
  you could have an apparatus that when activated can mobilize , train and influence member countries on how to perform better , instead of expecting the country to do what it can to reach levels demanded . 
  nevermind i clearly demonstrated your shilling by pointing out the hyperbolic statement above directly and unquestioningly . 
   all i stated was that the idea of russia being a main actor i do n't care about an idea i never wrote . 
  i wrote the following :  actions taken to pursue a break-up of the eu by funding far-right groups with the primary objective of leaving the union are funded by russia and there 's plenty of exposure to this issue . 
  this does n't say whether russia is the primary or secondary actor and it is irrelevant . 
  to say that russia is just a shadow-donor and someone else is the voice and figurehead of the movement in the far-right parties that desire to leave the eu is still clearly pointing out that the dialogue is corrupted by foreign interests which can not be trusted . 
  ukraine is in its current state because of exactly this problem - as well as every country in which russia or the us had intervened to support either political actor . 
  the second you 're taking their money or operational help your opinion is irrelevant because you do not speak on the interest of the citizens . 
  whether there are citizens whose grievances are aligned with the foreign interests it is irrelevant . 
   you yourself spoke of anti-eu sentiment throughout europe . 
  these views must be being expressed by some group for them to exist . 
  the fact that you dismiss any actual opposition to the eu as fictional nonsense is frankly snobbish there are plenty of local groups who have the means - and the right - to express them as well as be elected to represent the people and look-out for their interests . 
  groups funded by russian or american finances are not among those who should have those rights . 
   half the voting population of britain voted to leave the eu !, 
  based on a ton of lies . 
  russia also gets credited for interfering with brexit . 
  are you saying russia should be allowed to be the one to express the views of the people who have anti-eu sentiments ? 
  might as well shout to the world you 're a russian shill at this point , you already clearly did . 
  spotted another shill . 
   to panic about russia an opportunity to remind of russia 's actions pursuing the break-up of the eu treated as `` panic '' . 
   russia did n't do anything when it had complete eastern europe under control to you ? 
  because as merely an `` eastern european '' - as you `` spotted '' - as if the flag next to the username was n't obvious '' - we know far better what pseudo-russia * did * for 50 years . 
  if you 're questioning the reason why russia is pursuing the break-up of the eu , it 's fairly obvious : cause of their finances going in the toilet . 
  for50 years it traded fairly freely with selected countries around the now-eu area . 
   it can do squat now . 
  right , let 's pretend that putin did n't siphon enough money out of the russian economy to fund every far-right party in the entire europe easily and for extended periods of time . 
  the discussion surrounding his wealth are in other threads that were posted just this week . 
  aside from this there 's the matter of the russian national funds available to his expense as he pleases - which are estimated to last until the end of this year on the country 's current trajectory . 
   if russia is a threat to eu , then eu is no good anyhow . 
  how not : it is n't . 
  well , if there 's anything that would prove you 're a shill it 's that abysmal command of the english language along with the false rhetoric it attempted to describe . 
  pitiful . 
  everything you just wrote is incorrect . 
   blame obama for anything it 's [ a meme ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/thanks-obama ) . 
  check 1 : you have no understanding of the basic cultural norm surrounding the most popular figure in the western world . 
   the idea though that russia is largely or solely to blame i only wrote that they * are * to blame and there is evidence supporting this theory which has circulated the press for months now . 
  the part where you say `` solely '' is your fabrication which you inserted to feed into :  it assumes that russia is this all knowing , all powerful boogieman which is check 2 : your way of using hyperbole to dismiss russia as a corrupting actor for not only brexit but the italian , german and french elections and the funding of their far-right parties that russia has been connected with . 
   whilst ignoring the many legitimate grievances people have against the union ah yes , the vague and obscure grievances of these vague and obscure `` people '' supposedly have with the eu that you absolutely do not define in any way . 
  my five year old niece behaves this way when she has a thought that she can not support with any factual basis but insists is real - a childish lie . 
  you can join / u/eoinmoney in the russian shills category because you have the exact same modus operandi . 
  right , but merkel stated very clearly on record that she invites them in . 
  turkey is n't responsible for the eu 's actions . 
  they are profiting from our weakness , sure , but that 's their prerogative of `` looking out for the country 's best interest '' against a union which they are not currently part of . 
  i 'm not fond of edrogan but i can understand his play on this . 
  germany 's main `` fault '' in this debacle are the wounds of its history causing it to behave like someone bereft with guilt who tries to make up for its condition by taking absurd measures to prove itself `` worthy '' and `` redeemed '' . 
  i am indifferent to sentiment . 
  you can blame the eu as quickly as you blame obama for your troubles . 
  actions taken to pursue a break-up of the eu by funding far-right groups with the primary objective of leaving the union are funded by russia and there 's plenty of exposure to this issue .
