am i allowed to be outraged by this ? 
  yeah . 
  this is bullshit and everyone knows merkel sparked it . 
  it 's literally the pc police . 
   what would the world be like if the ottomans , huns , ummayyads , persians or even mongols had prevailed ? 
  the mongols and ottomans have prevailed considering the span of their conquests throughout the length of time . 
  mongols were brutal punishers but under their reign there was relative peace , safety and prosperity throughout their conquered territories . 
  ottomans were quite messy but were successful enough to last about 500 years and knock on europe 's doors several times before getting `` kicked out '' . 
  the only reason we can talk at leisure about these people and what they 've done is that it 's a separate generation . 
  the people alive today have had nothing to do with empires and what their forefathers have done and have no direct responsability toward those actions , despite the occasional shaming being done . 
  thank you for charlie brooker . 
  sounds like spain wants a new revolution . 
  i 've seen rt repports which did state facts alongside its opinions ( especially shit that western media outright censored like some of the immigrant troubles in europe but generally events which are n't pc ) , just as western newscasters do . 
  the facts i can appreciate , the `` implications '' and `` motivations '' suppositions my ears go numb to . 
  they 're all liars my friend and they all want you to feel or think or do something . 
  this is twenty years of exposure to media in general , ten of which with internet . 
   russia today over western media they 're both liars so might as well ask me if i prefer a kick to the face or a punch in the nuts . 
  conventional force ? 
  probably not even those by themselves . 
  scandinavia 's countries while having very well trained men could n't handle a russian onslaught due to the sheer different in manpower . 
  the finland winning the winter war is just a meme as had it gone on it would 've ended in their country 's takeover and even that fight was mostly decided by the harsh winter rather than miraculous tactics . 
  that said , if russia crossed the border into romania for example for any reason there 'd be little in the way of full scale nuclear engagement and quite possibly the end of modern `` civilization '' . 
  once nukes are on the table , there 's no reason not to use them else the whole mad thing is a bluff . 
  on the other hand , if the us under trump decides to become more isolationist and the eu gets serious about having military capabilities , we may just see a fortress europe in our lifetime and it would n't take long for eu to surpass any other country 's military . 
  it 's just a pandora 's box many would rather stay closed . 
  nice try , gandhi !, 
  and savage, 
  the issue was never that europe could n't defend itself but whether that 's a good idea in the longrun . 
  a more united europe is necessary before it takes on roles which may involve using armed forces . 
  individually , the countries the eu is made of had probably more wars than the rest of the world combined so our potential to project force is probably up to par with anything the future may demand . 
   that 's sure gon na help them when the butcher turns on them . 
  or sells them out to the chinese who will totally not screw them over . 
  or when somebody falsely accuses you of being a drug dealer because you are in the way of him fucking your wife . 
  when the alternative is that your wife is fucked and murdered by drug dealers or you 're both hooked on drugs and others slave you around for scraps , you put your faith in the butcher . 
   either one believes in democracy or not . 
  that black & white nonsense is what you can tell children . 
  the real world does n't work like that and no country 's `` democracy '' is ideal . 
   but can you make the same insurance of his son/daughter , or the generals who fight over his post after him ? 
  dictatorships present the advantage that the power being concentrated in few hands , they are easy to dispose of if desperate enough . 
  when shit hits the fan , people desire change . 
  the harder the shit the more drastic the change . 
  it 's part of our biological instinct to adapt . 
  well sure , i 've seen his maneuvers as well but i do n't know * why * edrogan is doing any of this . 
  what made him want to in the first place and what does he want to obtain which he could n't in the position he was in previously ? 
  you asked the other fellow why he thinks things would change . 
  well , realistically it 's because : 1 . the public awareness of the full impact of brexit has been made clear * after * the vote 2 . public opinion may shift toward considering brexit a huge mistake 3 . in such a climate , a decision to disregard the referendum ( since it was consultative anyway ) may not be met with public dissapproval 4 . hardliners will no doubt push the `` will of the people rhetoric '' but those in power disregarding a bad and ill informed decision will likely not suffer backlash of public perception for steering the country away from consequences it does not want that 's the narrative as best i can piece it together from the whole post-brexit affair . 
  blindly marching toward the unknown away from eu is the status quo , for now . 
   we ca n't seem to agree on a common line on most things we 've managed on * some * so far . 
  communication takes wisdom , time and compromise . 
   politicians have said you underestimate how things can change over time and how intent does n't always translate to corresponding action - especially with something as lengthy and controversial as brexit . 
   edrogan i honestly do n't know enough about turkey to justify the steps he took to consolidate his power into a totalitarian-kind . 
  if someone can fill me in on why he even needed to do all that fake-coup bs that 'd be great . 
  was that gulen character from the us really that big a threat ? 
   phillippine guys from what i read the country itself was in great peril of being overtaken by drugs and the people behind them . 
  you ca n't blame their president for being `` bad for democracy '' when democracy itself was nearing metastatic cancer . 
  they asked the butcher to conduct an emergency surgery before there was no more phillipines , just a country of addicts and their enablers . 
  most totalitarian leaders across the centuries were put in power by circumstances which demanded their rule . 
  if there is someone who got there `` by accident '' in a country with just splendid rule of law , i do n't recall such a person at this time . 
  the ones regarded as the greatest rulers in the history of humanity were all extremely cruel briefly and decisively . 
  too many people use democracy as a buzzword for `` something good '' and demonize anything contrary when the fact is states are volatile in nature . 
  uk parlament has all the power and it 's in their hands . 
  if some uk politicians decide to fall on their sword and renounce brexit it might damage their career ( not a certain thing ) but it would spare their country . 
  funny and incisive as usual . 
  fidesz and jobbik sound so much more funny than the drab psd and pnl-tier 3-letter nonsense we have here . 
  odds of orban going to a farm life and leaving politics forever ? 
  as opposed to messi messi messi messi messi ... ? 
  said every citizen of any country , ever . 
  was marathoning black mirror recently and one episode had some troll saying `` facts are overrated '' . 
  charlie brooker knew very well where he got his lines from , goddamn . 
  how can these imbeciles even remain in the public eye , nevermind employment ? 
  almost sounds like sex and it involves pulling out ? 
  sounds right-up the alley for assassination being the optimal solution in that scenario . 
  as are you and everyone else , kiddo . 
  here 's your reply, 
  i never claimed to be a nice man . 
  you claimed i 'm a `` tinfoil hat neckbeard '' . 
  not exactly equivalent nor does it contradict what i just wrote . 
  ad hominem says more about you than others . 
  oh hillary is absolutely in the gulf state pockets just like bush family was/is and just like trump is funded by putin . 
  this is not news and proof has been making the rounds in international media for a long time ... as was the billionaire bit on trump being `` proof '' that he does n't need putin 's money : - where 's his tax returns then ? 
  - why was his campaign collecting `` donations '' then which btw : http://www.ibtimes.com/donald-trump-campaign-money-update-heres-why-sophisticated-donors-are-staying-away-2385044 http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/22/us/politics/donald-trump-self-funding-payments.html?_r=0 are processed as loans to himself . 
  like i said , if you want to know something about the world : follow the money . 
  you randomly claiming `` trump is a billionaire so he 's ok with money cause of that '' is ignorant and childish . 
  any more info you 'd have to pay me to procure . 
  good luck learning more about the world you live in , child . 
  other dude in this same thread 's saying same thing and has links for it as well . 
  i wo n't bother * working for you * and look for shit i already read in past - unless you pay me . 
  google it or look up other threads for news with documents . 
  marie le pen in france is facing huge scandal and scrutiny and nobody gives a shit about what she is saying exactly because she 's under russian money . 
  it 's not like they were careful about hiding it . 
  that only shows your ignorance on the matter . 
  you seem to consider `` russia doing anything '' only means military intervention . 
  the precursor of all conflicts is always fueled by money , and putin puts his in plenty of liberal and extremist european parties ' pockets - not to mention trump 's . 
  when in doubt : always follow the money . 
  that 's where you can find the rot of our world . 
   go to war . 
  can he really afford doing another `` ukraine '' - style deal without the nato bloc unanimously considering it war and bypassing the un ( where russia has veto ) to declare war in return ? 
   i do n't think that our sanction-rain on russia is working depends what you mean by `` working and `` better relationship '' . 
  it 's very easy to turn the other cheek and placate russia by giving up on what upset the eu in the first place but that would only encourage further similar acts . 
  how much do you actually * know * of the consequences of the current boycott ?
