  politicians peddle the extremes to gain sturdy support as well as acknowledgement through negative or positive media . 
  as every broken clock is right twice a day , a lot of broken clocks which form the governments of the world tend to tell the right time , separately . 
  it 's the hour of orban and no one is laughing cause his ordinarily broken view now aligns with europe 's needs . 
  this does n't mean he 's reliable for any other circumstances . 
  lol , yeah that was a bit out of my league . 
  thanks for the explanation [ haha ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dmn4waa.png ), 
  20k sounds like a reasonable number of people to process , monitor and detain if need-be . 
  j edgar hoover 's fbi dealt with far more commies wanting to turn the us into a red state and while his methods were controversial , they worked . 
  i 'm sure there are people who are better paid to think of things like this who have much sharper teeth toward the problem , being held back by politicians with clouds in their heads . 
  http://uk.businessinsider.com/viktor-orban-interview-refugee-migrant-hungary-2016-2 http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2016/03/hungary-border-war-refugees-160329102030588.html he did n't exactly * solve * anything but he did have the right idea of * actually resisting the entitled shits making their way across our continent * and setting up posts to process the ones actually requiring asylum . 
  i do n't believe we should dismiss pages out of anyone 's book . 
  nobody is a saint and all national policies are refined from past rulers who were just as bloodthirsty if not more-so . 
  just make sure to grab the right pages , an easy test is if they abide by the [ golden rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_rule ) . 
   especially on coastal borders . 
  sharks , breed sharks and ban fishing them in the mediterranean . 
  were n't most of those terrorists people who were arrested or/and monitored ? 
  the police simply let them go after a little while being detained . 
  does that sound like reasonable policy toward your own nationals being treasonous ? 
   your brother is n't turkey at war with some of the peeps in syria & general daesh area ? 
   catch them all put pokemon on every refugee ? 
  :d but seriously , if this was 100 years ago you 'd have a standing army corralling the people into a designated area with a non-nonsense policy toward all their entitlements . 
  as sad as it is to say this : hitler actually would 've handled the migrant problem infinitely better . 
  if only he had n't been so pro-death , xenophobia and genocide . 
  last i checked hungary 's orban got a lot of bonus points back home on his `` no bullshit , protect the eu border '' policy toward migrants , even though he was initially scolded in the media . 
  it 's strange living in a world where leaders are polarized into blank thinking categories instead of common sense and flexible approaches . 
  if edrogan would n't order executions and treat his enemies humanely , he might actually be beneficial for turkey as far as i know ( which is not a lot but i 'm at least skeptical of the general message of `` he 's hitler # 2 '' ) . 
  it 's a pretty nice flag . 
  i 've read that opinion quite a lot lately but i see no honesty or realism in it . 
  even if turkey would be an eu member i fail to see how the middle east would possibly be stabilized because of this . 
  judging by most of the dialogue on the issue of refugees , i consider most would like the eu border to be in turkey so that we 'd have a firm ground barrier through which desperate people could n't just flood in like they did with the mediterranean , which sort-of makes sense but is far from the idea of providing any genuine help to the middle east . 
  eu also looks pussyfooted imo due to their previous mismanagement of migrants and lack of dialogue + consensus on concerted efforts to contain the population instead of dispersing it , which they 're doing on their own . 
  having non-residents walking free ( no supervision and processing ) across eu territory is an unacceptable show of weakness . 
  i would n't call eu sickly , more like `` pussyfooted '' . 
  and it 's british !, 
  who 'd have thought . . 
  you 're right . 
  we should just arm european nations ' militaries again . 
  except this time the western powers learned their lesson from history and will have proper means of response . 
  r-right guys . . guys ? 
  it would look as justinian had made it , original . 
  nice try , skynet . 
  but that 's exactly what happened in europe before the renaissance , / u/spiderfnjerusalem, 
   a false flag operation there 's no doubt of that at this point . 
   constantinople too long . 
  renamed to byzantium and given greece and macedonia for keeps !, 
  he was n't * that * bad , he did kill hitler after all . 
  nobody did stalin that favor . 
  yey us and eu . 
  here 's to not destroying this universe anytime soon !, 
   if you want to take a look at how that could play out , look at saddam hussein as much as saddam did some crazy shit , he held back the torrent of nutjobs now running amok in the middle east . 
  maybe that 's just the proper way of dealing with the muslim populace until they achieve enlightenment ? 
  united states of capital punishment, 
   shittertown in the highlands where you have just sheep and no internet and have an opinion about great britain . 
  goddamn right , lad !, 
  where do you think brexit voters hail from ? 
  the more educated they are , the more like they do this . 
  everyone else though ... 
  ah , the reddit method . 
  well played . 
  then there 's the spread of lies like the nhs getting removed . 
  british people are * very * protective of the health system made after ww2 and for good reason . 
   as if allah feeds and houses them . 
  brilliant !, 
  let 's make this the default policy : give them nothing from infidel resources and have allah keep them . 
  they were very unlucky as well , many balls just strolling past or thumbling around . 
  just was n't their day . 
  i do n't know what standards spanish it guys have but for ro 220000 $ is a shitton of money . 
  define : low . 
  why do n't they just train them ? 
  obviously the smaller companies possibly do n't have the means of doing this but the medium-large ones could promote an in-house internship/training program to make batches of new and most likely loyal employees . 
  aye , thanks brittish lads for all this popcorn material . 
  way to sock it to the man !, 
   when you walk around with a fucking israel tag . 
  maybe it 's bait ? 
  honestly , i get the sentiment as just affirming identity of self and i can see why they would want it so i do n't exactly mind you guys not being in the gang . 
  it 's a shame it just was n't expressed in the best way but i suppose that would n't have gotten enough steam for the polls or butthurt for the news . 
  ca n't stop the power of love !, 
  step 7 . 
  [ blame the jews !, 
  so your argument is they 're not popular enough ? 
  that has hardly to do with being `` complicated and bloated '' as was your initial assessment . 
  to put it simply : my country has a ton of well known officials because of all the corruption and scandals surrounding them . 
  to be well known is the mark of a corrupt man and the ones who are doing their jobs perfectly are usually the most obiquitous . 
  you 're not supposed to give a shit about the people who work for you from high up in governments , you should care about the decisions they make and how easy they are to reach . 
  at least , that 's my take on it . 
  romania unfortunately has a lot of experience with untrustworthy and shitty officials . 
  obviously , according to the op link , not as much as finland . 
   i support parliamentary democracies when they are supported by the people ** of england . 
  ** ftfy . 
  everyone 's just one google search away from looking up exactly what makes the eu a bunch of representative institutions where elected officials appoint additional staff to make concerted decisions yet they can only parrot what the brexit movie told them : that the commissioners are gods and they 're accountable to no one and have no oversight or mandate . 
  you not only * can * but that 's usually what happens when * acting * on stupidity . 
  literally everything i can think of from wildlife circumstances to any human affair , acting by stupidity comes at a cost - which is punishment when paid toward another party . 
  it 's a logical and natural part of correcting behaviour . 
  it does n't mean there 's necessarily ill will behind it and it should always be a proportional response . 
  yeah , it is simply the most immediate implication one can derive from their desires faced with this demand and recent actions . 
   on the other hand have nothing against indians/pakistani/bangladesh people maybe they do but they have another level of guilt which impedes them from speaking their minds , namely the former colony status . 
   this is great and yet , it 's * little * . 
  i think it 's cause they did n't hit a deadline yet and nobody 's made any hard decisions so they can afford to clown around in their house and make-up some form of response eventually . 
  you wo n't see any fireworks until that happens . 
  if you go into a random pub and yell the kind of rubbish farage is talking toward that pub 's clientelle , you 're likely to be hoisted out .
