  a political party ca n't just say that what they did twenty years ago is irrelevant . 
  especially not when they do n't even change their politics accordingly . 
  i honestly could n't care less about your arguments about the economy ( i 'm not an economist and neither are you ) , but your insistence on claiming that the sweden democrats are n't nazis is deeply disturbing . 
  these people do n't want democracy . 
  they use democracy as a tool to gain power . 
  if they ever gain power over the government , they will never release that power . 
  they are evil . 
  their goal is white supremacy . 
  they know that people wo n't vote for them if they admit that openly , so they do n't . 
  if history has taught us anything , it 's that nazis will do anything to weasel their way into positions of power . 
  ** sweden ** if you want a great young-adult story that is modern and easy to read , i would say [ _ the _ _ engelsfors _ _ trilogy _ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/engelsfors ) . 
  if you want a true classic , then i would recommend [ the emigrants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_emigrants_%28novels%29 ) by vilhelm moberg . 
  it is a story about swedish peasants who get fed up with their poverty and powerlessness and chose to migrate to america . 
  if you are not convinced yet , the scene in star wars where luke cuts open that animal on the ice planet is copied directly from the movie adaptation ( which was nominated for an oscar ) of this book series . 
  the sweden democrats were openly heiling until 1995 , the same year that their current party leader joined the party . 
  several people in their party top have recently had to resign because they threatened foreigners with iron pipes in their hands . 
  they are nazis . 
  that is not debatable . 
  as for the rest of your complaints : i agree with you when it comes to housing ( i mean roads , train tracks , bus stations , etc. 
  when i think of infrastructure , but you are right , housing counts too ) . 
  but the economy _ is _ doing well . 
  we _ have _ avoided the eurozone crisis . 
  and unemployment is at 8 % in sweden while it is at almost 27 % in greece , 25 % in spain , 15 % in portugal , 14 % in slovakia , 12 % in ireland , 11 % in lithuania , etc. 
  as i stated before , unemployment _ is _ too high , but not as high as in many other places in the eu . 
  the low school results are a result of allowing the profit motive to enter the schools . 
  it has nothing to do with the health of the economy . 
  over all i think people are optimistic here in sweden . 
  the economy is doing well . 
  the unemployment is too high , but not as high as in many other places in the eu . 
  no problems with infrastructure . 
  we have avoided the eurozone crisis almost entirely . 
  the only real downer is that we have a few nazis ( calling themselves _ sweden _ _ democrats _ ) in parliament . 
  the people who vote for them are mostly people who consider the immigration rate to be too high ( which , in all fairness , has some truth to it ) , rather than people who genuinely hate minorities , so at least the amount of nazis in sweden is not as high as voting figures may suggest . 
  give one example on something you ca n't joke about . 
  the holocaust ? 
  racism ? 
  you can make jokes , and very funny ones at that , about all of those subjects . 
  the best jokes are the ones that are controversial . 
  if we do not confront all of the horrors of the world with some distance , we can not properly cope with them . 
  the whole point of humour is to make it possible for people to cheer up , especially at times when everything is grim and terrible . 
  no , we exported most of the religious extremists a couple of centuries ago . 
  i wonder where they all went ... 
  seriously though , i believe that the view that many european cultists in the 1800s had of america as the literal promised land made europe a more secular place . 
  i do not know anything about britains historical relationship with northern ireland , but i do know that whataboutism only points fingers , rather than giving answers about why a situation should be considered acceptable . 
  the annexation of crimea was an unacceptable act of war against ukraine , regardless of how britain handled northern ireland . 
  i am not saying that britain did the right thing back then , only that russia is doing the wrong thing now . 
  if you ca n't joke about everything , you ca n't joke about anything . 
  sadly , i think you 're right . 
  oh , well at least it 's still about pissing on people . 
  `` i 'm campaigning for a serious europe , a europe that does n't dream ... '' - jean-claude juncker , 2014 ( he ended the sentence with '' ... but get things done '' , but it was still a really funny moment ), 
  probably the complete opposite since the pp ( heh ) is against back-room deals . 
  my interpretation is that the eu politicians ca n't piss on the people if their votes and decisions are recorded and published . 
  i will vote either for a party in the s&p group or for a party in the green group , but i agree that guy verhofstadt did well in the debate . 
  as long as jean-claude juncker does n't become president of the commission , i 'll be happy . 
  the social democrats are not eurosceptics . 
  since they make up the largest part of the left , i think it is incorrect to say that the left is eurosceptic . 
  the left party and the environment party are eurosceptics . 
  i 'm in an evil spot right now , but it 's okay . 
  i can take the b line to the garden of eden . 
  turkey is just too big and most of it is n't even _ in _ europe . 
  if turkey became an eu member-state , the nature of the entire eu would shift ( 77 million new people with a culture which is very different from the cultures of the current member-states ) . 
  the fact that turkey is n't very democratic at the moment does n't help either . 
  its connections with the us can be seen as both a good and a bad thing . 
  but most importantly , i think the eu is big enough as it is . 
  the bigger it gets , the less united it becomes . 
  the eu and turkey should cooperate more , but turkey should not be a part of the eu . 
   i think a center-right eu is best right now though , since it helps keep eurosceptics movements at bay and lets people like the tories at least somewhat build the case for continued eu membership . 
  in the uk , yes , people are more comfortable with a center-right government . 
  in the rest of europe , i do not think that is the case . 
  also , the eu already treats the uk too kindly ( special deals all around ) , so i 'm not buying that argument . 
   none of your concerns pose an existential threat to the eu , but if the uk , france , the netherlands , etc. 
  were to leave it would collapse . 
  i do n't think there is a chance in hell that any existing member-state leaves the eu in the near future . 
  the euroscepticism is largest in the uk , and the eurosceptics do n't have even near a majority there . 
  the latest poll i saw ( today ) said that ukip will get around 30 % of the votes . 
  but even if the uk left , the eu would not collapse . 
  i like the uk , but it is not _ that _ important . 
   the things you 're concerned with should probably remain within each member state 's own political systems -- imposing that on everyone is highly risky . 
  yes , they should , but the politics of the eu effects national legislation quite a lot . 
  if the eu continues being center-right after many years of already being center-right , the member-states will inevitably keep moving in that direction as well . 
  i think it has gone far enough . 
  it is time for the tide to turn . 
  i consider myself to be in the center or the center-left of the political spectrum . 
  i feel that the eu is a bit too much to the right at the moment , so my hope is for schulz to become president of the commission . 
  i believe in free markets and the abolishment of all monopolies , but i also believe in a lot of the ideas of social democracy , like having strong unions and using high taxes to pay for education , health care and a social safety net . 
  i have been there . 
  it is . 
  the uk being a part of the eu is beneficial for both the uk and the rest of europe , _ if _ the uk stops half-assing it . 
  the reason why the eu politicians are keen to give the uk too much special treatment is because the primary concern of most politicians is increased power , rather than justice . 
  now , i do n't want to sound like i 'm just bashing on the uk . 
  i think there are many good things to say about the uk and many bad things to say about the rest of europe . 
  my own country , sweden , is also sort of half-assing our eu integration . 
  i was just thinking the same thing . 
  he probably pulled those numbers out of his ass , but if romania has more than 70 different taxes that are n't considered vital , then you probably have too many taxes . 
  i 'm not saying that taxes should be low ( i am actually in favour of high taxes ) . 
  i am however saying that the _ amount _ of taxes should be low ( income , sales , profit and property tax are the most vital ones , so what were all the others for ? 
  `` countries have to accept that the uk will never participate in the euro [ currency ] . 
  nor will it become member of schengen [ passport-free area ] . 
  and it will stay outside of certain eu institutions , such as the european public prosecutor 's office , '' he said . 
  so , people have to accept that the uk is n't really an eu country and does n't ever want to become one , but still wants to use the parts of the eu they directly benefit from ?
