  that 's all for me though . 
  i feel like i have nothing more to add to this discussion . 
  commercials are very informative on how the real world works . 
  / s disciplining your child ( grounding , yelling , etc ) is not child abuse . 
  spanking your child * is * . 
  you are the one burying your head in the sand , refusing to see the * real * problems with our school ( privatized profits of public money , beaurocracy , etc ) , and just blaming it on spoiled kids . 
  child abuse is illegal for a reason . 
  parents are definitely allowed to yell at their children , ground them , or punish them in any other non-violent ways . 
  they are just not allowed to physically harm them . 
  you are using a strawman argument . 
  kids do not bully their parents . 
  the problems with our schools is that a ) public schools are inspired by new public management , b ) private schools get to make profits on tax money and c ) the teachers have to dedicate a lot of time to beaurocracy . 
  if the public schools stopped trying to control everything the teachers do in minute detail , the private schools had to invest all their profits in the schools instead of giving it to share holders and the beaurocracy was simplified , the school system would be in much better shape . 
  as someone else said , the poor education of most immigrants is also a factor , but i would n't put that under school problems as much as under immigration problems . 
  most servers and mobile devices run linux ( even playstation is linux based ) . 
  the only reason you write that it is irrelevant is because you want to make people who use it/like it upset . 
  and by the way , you did comment on it . 
  eurozone and non-eurozone . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  do you have any unbiased source on that . 
  i believe you , but i just find it so strange that we would be # 1 in the whole world . 
  trust , but verify . 
  first-past-the-post is literally the worst voting system in the world . 
  could n't they at least have proposed some kind of instant-runoff voting system ? 
  nationalism is logical . 
  if the people of a nation does not stand up for their own interests , no-one else will . 
  yes , we should have solidarity between member-states ( i suppose you could call it eu-nationalism ) , but not at the expense of our own interests . 
  much in the same way , we need to stand up for our local communities , our families , our friends , etc. 
  in theory the answer is no , but in practice the answer is yes . 
  the immigrants come to the nations that have the most leanient immigration policies ( since this is a relative scale , there will always be a nation which is the most leanient ) . 
  what are we supposed to do once they are here ? 
  spend lots of money on sending them away , only to find that they are back again a few months later ( which is exactly what is happening with the romani beggars from romania ) ? 
  send them to detention camps ? 
  send them back to their home countries , which in practice would be a death sentence ? 
  what is your answer ? 
  i disagree with the current immigration policy in sweden , but that does n't change the fact that the other eu member-states are avoiding their responsibility and shoving the problem towards us . 
  this is extremely needed . 
  those member-states who do n't do their part are indirectly forcing us ( sweden , italy , germany , etc ) to take on an overwhelming amount of immigrants . 
  if you do n't want to handle the downsides of the eu , you do n't deserve the good parts of it . 
  first of all , that argument has nothing to do with my point . 
  secondly , no , we do n't . 
  sweden is not a member of nato . 
  we do not need help from the us . 
  we need help from the rest of the eu . 
  it is a pity that people think that because nato exists , we should let ourselves be the us 's bitch . 
  i never claimed that sweden , or any other eu member-state , should stand alone . 
  our armies should cooperate with each other , but they should still be _ our _ armies , not the armies of the eu . 
  the national armies are what prevents the eu from becoming like the us . 
  the eu is , and should continue to be , a hybrid between an international cooperation of sovereign states , and a federal state . 
  there is nothing wrong with having the ability to unite the national armies under common leadership in times of war , but the armies themselves should always remain national . 
  it 's a bit cold in sweden all times of year . 
  history is not an opinion . 
  when i say that sd was founded by people from the neo-nazi-movement , i * am * objectively correct . 
  s+mp+v+sd would also form a majority . 
  or s+m+fp+c+kd . 
  or v+mp+sd+m+fp+c . 
  or why not just invite every party in parliament ? 
  there are many configurations that would result in a majority . 
  but because of ideological differences , that wo n't happen . 
  alliansen does n't * want * to cooperate with sd . 
  the left block is the largest block in parliament , because no larger block is possible under the current ideological differences between the various parties . 
  the swedish right is n't `` supporting '' the left-wing government . 
  they simply chose to * not * support a party they do n't even like . 
   that 's so moronic i ca n't believe even the most ignorant leftist would make a statement like that . 
  by your logic , 96 % of voters `` said no to kd being in the parliament '' . 
  that 's not how voting works , you imbecile . 
  being hyperbolic does n't make you less wrong . 
  none of the other parties want to form a government with sd . 
  they have the right to choose how to run their own parties . 
  you can yell all you want about how unfair it is that sd does n't get everything they want , but they are still just an angry vocal minority in parliament . 
  they represent 13 percent of the people . 
  no more , no less . 
   how is a minority rule the most representative alternative ? 
  the most representative would be a right-left coalition , or a right-wing coalition that would actually represent a majority . 
  because a right-left coalition is not currently on the table . 
  if it was , then of course it would be more representative , but the right-wing parties do n't want to cooperate with the social democrats , and v\u00e4nsterpartiet ( and to a certain extent milj\u00f6partiet ) do n't want to cooperate with the right-wing parties . 
   what do you think december\u00f6verenskommelsen was about ? 
  a compromise between the two largest blocks in parliament , since neither have an absolute majority . 
  the left block is still objectively the largest block in parliament . 
  sd is not a part of alliansen , no matter what sd wants . 
  87 percent of parliament said no to them being in the government . 
  however you possibly twist it , the current government is the most democratic and representative alternative . 
   at least spend 2 minutes learning about the current political situation in sweden before you start discussing it . 
  i have lived my entire life in sweden and i am very educated about the current political situation in sweden . 
  that 's why i think it 's so important to provide a counter-argument to mindless sd-bots like you . 
   idiot . 
  how sofisticated of you to use the argument of a three-year-old . 
  i 'm being downvoted too , but the truth is still the truth , astroturfers be damned . 
  retarded ignorance aside . 
  the left is in power because they have a larger support in parliament than alliansen does . 
  that 's how multi-party democracy works . 
   i 'm no rasist , and no one else i know who votes on sd are racists . 
   the * party * * leadership * is a bunch of racists . 
  see the difference . 
   also , if you think that the party has n't changed since it was first started , you are just as disgusting for voting s ( f\u00f6r rasbiologiska institutet ) or v ( communism ) . 
  parties do change , but the 90 's are n't that long ago . 
  change takes time , especially if the party leaders have been with the party from the start . 
  i would never vote for v\u00e4nsterpartiet , for the same reason . 
  socialdemokraterna , on the other hand , has come a long way since the 30 's . 
   most swedes do want less immigration .
