  that is called _ being _ _ a _ _ parasite _ . 
  true , but it could have been like this ( completely real ) ad for [ macedonia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cqhdvza.png ) . 
  so by comparison , poland seems nice ( or at least has a better funded tourist agency ) . 
  huh . 
  i guess disco is n't dead after all . 
  it just moved to georgia . 
  murray rothbard was a libertarian economist , not a philosopher . 
  the rest of the video was obviously just a bunch of bullshit as well , but that specific statement annoyed me more than the rest for some reason . 
  is it edible ? 
  well , now i feel stupid . 
  this survey was a bit too uk-centric and some of the questions were leading . 
  i got the results i expected , so it was at least accurate in portraying my opinions . 
  sweden is a democratic society . 
  the only reason russia has for planning an invasion is because russia wants to rule the world . 
  there is no defense of russias actions . 
  sweden is not nazi germany or the ussr !, 
  agreed !, 
  i have a friend who is very keen on being politically correct . 
  he has a girlfriend , whom he does not call a girlfriend , because she prefers to be called `` hen '' . 
  when he told me that , i said that i was not going to call her `` hen '' . 
  he got upset and told me that i was being disrespectful . 
  when i countered by saying that she was being disrespectful to me for expecting me to adapt my language to her demands he said that he will from now on call me `` her '' . 
  i do n't care how you view your own gender or sexuality , but i am not going to change my vocabulary to newspeak ( especially for people who just pretend to have insecurities about their own gender in order to get more attention ) . 
  it is not doubleplusgood !, 
  it looks like the map they used for their research split asia in half . 
  there is no such thing as `` gay propaganda '' . 
  what you call `` gay propaganda '' , the rest of the world calls freedom of speech . 
  and , as usual with russians , you use whataboutism . 
  saudi arabia is irrelevant to the discussion . 
  russia oppresses gay people , no matter how much more oppressed the people may be in saudi arabia . 
  secular is not the same as republican . 
  those are two completely separate concepts . 
  a secular state is a state that does n't take an official stance on religion . 
  most european nations are secular , and a big part of the population in most of those countries are also agnostic . 
  yes , south-east europe tends to be quite religious , but even most of those countries have secular governments . 
  europe has a secular identity . 
  that 's what makes europe great . 
  christianity in sub-saharan africa is just as violent and disgusting as islam in the middle east . 
  fundamentalism is the problem , and secularism is the cure . 
  donald tusk seems to be a good man . 
  tsipras seems to be a massive douchebag . 
  i do n't like cameron . 
  merkel is the mitt romney of germany ( populist to the extreme ) . 
  juncker seems like a good person , but a bad politician . 
  renzi seems alright . 
  i hope putin dies as soon and as painfully as possible . 
  erdogan and orban are bad for their countries , for similar reasons ( anti-secularization , blind patriotism , power-grab , etc ) . 
  yup . 
  i can agree with a lot of their official views on the issues ( i strongly dislike sweden 's current immigration policies ) , but i would never , ever in a million years vote for them . 
  they are wolves in sheep 's clothing . 
  der untergang ( downfall ) is my favorite movie , period . 
  i also like the orphanage ( spain ) , stalingrad ( germany ) and dead snow ( norway ) . 
  see username 3 . 
  family and friends, 
  i 'm not representative of swedes in general , but i tend to like the eastern european countries ( that are in the eu , fuck russia ) . 
  i have much more respect for countries like romania and poland than for countries like greece and italy . 
  i know it 's a personal bias , but that 's the way i feel about it . 
  i wanted the italian song to win . 
  instead , my country 's song won . 
  i do n't know how to feel about that . 
  that 's true , but that is not a problem with basic income itself . 
  i can see how the social democrats would be against this particular plan to implement basic income , but i just think it is wrong of them to be against basic income on principle . 
  and even if targeted aid programs were cut down in size , that would not necessarily be bad if basic income made up for it in the long run . 
  i do n't think slashing pensions would be fair , though , since pensions are based on how much you have worked/saved , and should n't really be in the hands of the government to begin with . 
  i think that sometimes you need to shake up the old order in order to achieve progress . 
  i am however a proponent of * gradually * phasing in basic income , and consequently * gradually * cutting targeted aid programs ( but obviously not removing them , since they will still be needed , but just not as much as before ) . 
  good point . 
  political parties do after all look after their own , even when it is detrimental to the progress of the country . 
   social democrats , who have opposed it for ideological reasons , believing that all social benefits should be work-based . 
  i would have expected this from the right-wingers , but how on earth can the social democrats be this dumb ? 
  their entire ideology is based on the idea that all people should have the same opportunities available to them , no matter where they were born or how they were raised . 
  basic income is so much more equal and fair than a social safety net based on arbitrary rules . 
  that would be so awesome !, 
  i did n't vote in the 2010 swedish election , with the same reasoning ( everyone sucks ) , and i regret it . 
  yes , politicians suck , but some politicians suck less than others . 
  if you 're looking for a * great * party , then you wo n't find it . 
  even if you 're looking for a * good * party , you will have a hard time finding it . 
  voting ( at least in my view ) is about making sure that the really crappy alternatives stays out of power . 
  after all , it 's better to have a mediocre government than to have a completely awful government . 
  nope , there are several european countries without a constitution . 
  my own country ( sweden ) does n't have one . 
  instead , we have four different `` basic laws '' that are * sort * * of * like a constitution . 
  as an atheist , i do n't really care if they are moderate muslims or extremists . 
  i do n't want my country to import religion . 
  religious freedom is important , but that does n't mean that we should just let the gates open to a culture entirely different to our own . 
  like every good citizen in a democracy , i * tolerate * muslims , but that does n't mean that i like them . 
  i hate religion and everything it stands for . 
  i see religion as a threat to democracy , science and justice . 
  moderate religion is * less * dangerous to those values , but it * is * still a danger . 
  actually , it would n't be ( if done right ) : http://www.ted.com/talks/david_bismark_e_voting_without_fraud, 
  and i appreciate your appreciation !, 
  while it is good to be able to be respectful throughout a conversation , it is even better to be able to go from being upset/angry to being calm and respectable . 
  good . 
  i can agree that us swedes avoid conflicts too much . 
  i just do n't think it 's right to blame our ban on child abuse for it and i do n't think that kids are bullying their parents . 
  venting your frustration is necessary sometimes . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
   you misunderstood me about the commercials , though . 
  i do n't think commercials should need to tell parents how to be parents . 
  on the contrary , my point was that commercials do n't reflect reality , so commercials that show parents as cowards does n't prove anything .
