  the other parties want more . 
  most swedes also want other things than just immigration policy , and vote for the party that they agree with the most . 
   they are only in power because they have the media and the status quo on their side . 
  retarded conspiracy therories aside , the left is in power because the people voted for them . 
  the sweden democrats are not in power , because only 13 percent voted for them . 
  take your bullshit propaganda somewhere else . 
  they are a party created by actual neo-nazis . 
  they hate people of certain ethnicities , even though they do their best to hide it . 
  the fact that they currently happen to stand on the side of reason is more of a coincidence ( a result of what * other * * parties * are doing wrong ) , than that they were `` right all along '' . 
  the party leadership is a bunch of racists . 
  they are most definitely anti-immigration , and anti-immigrant . 
  i totally agree that georgia and armenia practically have nothing in common with the rest of europe . 
  i 'm just saying that * technically * armenia and georgia are european . 
  the reason why you have seen maps that include all of turkey is because a part of turkey is in europe . 
  thus , when showing statistics about all european countries , turkey is included . 
  it would be stupid to only show statistics about a small part of the country . 
  in situations like that , either a country is considered to be in europe or considered to not be in europe . 
  it 's the top picture of the wikipedia page about europe . 
  those are the official borders of europe . 
  it 's not really up to debate . 
   what makes armenia and georgia european ? 
  their geographical location . 
  they have been trying ( and succeeding ) to get out of those places for a long time . 
  in fact , that 's why there are loads of refugees in turkey , jordan , etc. 
  but those countries filled up quickly and the refugees who came there realized that they had to travel further . 
  the movement of a single person can go fast . 
  the movement of masses of people goes a lot slower . 
  no , they 're not . 
  they are trying to get * out * of syria , iraq , somalia , afghanistan , etc. 
  they were heading for europe no matter what . 
  they chose sweden and germany because those were the best alternatives . 
  that does n't mean that they would n't come to europe if sweden and germany were n't the best alternatives . 
  milj\u00f6partiet got six or seven percent of the votes ( i 'm too lazy to look up the exact figure ) . 
  they have two party leaders , usually one right-wing leaning and one left-wing leaning . 
  she essentially only represents a * part * of her party , and her party only represents a few percent of the population . 
  the reason why she has such a high position within the government is because the social democrats do n't have the mandates necessary to rule alone . 
  they still do n't have a majority , but have just enough votes ( with the help of v\u00e4nsterpartiet ) to be larger than the alternatives ( the right-wing alliansen and the sweden democrats ) . 
  basically , the only reason she is there is because there is a lot of political instability . 
  i think most swedes view her as the incompetent moron she actually is . 
   sweden and germany are the prime causes for this crisis why does such an obvious lie get upvoted so much on this forum ? 
  it 's just pathetic . 
  in my opinion , she genuinely * did * start crying over this . 
  because she 's a totally incompetent hippy . 
  milj\u00f6partiet * is * a hippy party , but at least gustav fridolin ( the other of milj\u00f6partiets two party leaders . 
  yes , they have two party leaders . 
  as i mentioned , they 're hippies ) is a competent politician . 
   use force against the people to keep them in line . 
  * that 's * literally fascism . 
  and it has no resemblance to the eu , which is built on the principles of democracy . 
  there is only one real definition of socialism ( though most people misuse the word so often that the definition has been severely weakened ) . 
  socialism is the democratic ownership of the means of production . 
  planned economy is what failed , not socialism . 
  market-based socialism works . 
  technically , the planned economy was what failed , not socialism . 
  the fall of the soviet union showed clearly that the production of goods and services must be based on supply and demand . 
  it did not show that public/democratic ownership of the means of production in itself was a bad thing . 
  as long as it wo n't be first-past-the-post , i 'm all for it . 
  if it * will * be fptp , then an unelected commission president is preferrable ( watch cgpgrey on youtube if you do n't know why fptp is a shit system ) . 
  if the other eu countries actually did what they promised to do , we would not have such a heavy burden to bear . 
  yes , we could have broken our international agreements and say `` fuck you ! '', 
  to the eu and the un but instead , we chose to be cooperative and do what we are supposed to be doing . 
  i 'm not saying that the current immigration policy is working , but i * am * saying that the other eu countries are partially to blame . 
  ummm what '' country of usa '' existed ? 
  it was a british colony . 
  well , palestinians lived there for centuries , then the brittish took their land by force , then israel was created as a safe haven for the jews of europe . 
  israel has a right to exist , but so does palestine . 
  their roots in the actual neo-nazi movement is also a source for that claim . 
  and how they constantly have to force party members to leave because they accidentally said their honest opinions about muslims . 
  and when the person who is currently 3rd speaker of parliament threatened immigrants with a steel pipe in his hand . 
  but sure , it 's just a `` label '' . 
  `` city '' is not a political subdivision in sweden . 
  we have municipalities , regions ( landsting ) and the state . 
  the municipalities are the ones that you pay property tax to ( before 2008 property taxes were paid to the state ) , so i do n't think the municipalities need to care about that . 
  why is sweden not on the list ? 
  we take in way more immigrants per capita than germany . 
  yeah , i mean , if they were israelis they would live in israel . 
  and also , ethnicity is not the same as ideology . 
  about the amount of money people make : is the measurement based on average or median income ? 
  if it 's average income , then it 's inaccurate , since the us has a much larger class divide . 
  now , i do want to see tighter regulations on how many refugees we take in ( we are currently * very * * far * above the average in europe ) , but if you even for a second believe that more than 90 % of the population would vote `` no '' to more refugees , you are delusional . 
  i do n't even think a * majority * of the swedish people wants to decrease the level of immigration . 
  well , i would n't go that far . 
  some people ca n't be rehabilitated , but others can be . 
  my point was rather that they do n't have the moral high ground and it is wrong to pretend that they do , and also that people should never give up their rights for the sake of being politically correct or uncontroversial . 
  that 's not how a free society is supposed to work . 
  you have the right to say `` i 'm not a muslim '' and if there are people who will try to kill you for that , they should be placed either in prison or in an insane asylum . 
  fascism must not be tolerated under any circumstances . 
  i have been thinking about the fact that the european parliament still does n't have a standardized method for seat allocation between its member-states . 
  that is a big problem that needs to be solved . 
  i thought it would be fun ( yes , i _ am _ a boring person ) to try and solve it . 
  this is what i came up with : http://i.imgur.com/wo9jmmn.png a few explanations are needed : 1 . 
  the main modifier is the most important number . 
  if that number is zero , then all member-states get the same number of seats . 
  if that number is infinite , then all member-states get a number of seats based entirely on population . 
  i put it at 2.6 , because that resulted in the least amount of total absolute change in seats ( 46 seats change member-states ) . 
  the balanced weight of a member-state is calculated with the formula ( balanced weight ) = ( ( population of member-state ) * ( main modifier ) ) + ( average population of a member-state ) 3 . 
  the seat division number is calculated with the formula ( seat div . 
  = ( total number of seats in parliament ) / ( total balanced weights of all member-states ) 4 . 
  the unfloored new number of seats is calculated with the formula ( unfloored new seats ) = ( balanced weight of member-state ) * ( seat div . 
  since this allocation method leaves 14 seats empty , these seats are filled by the 14 member-states with the highest remainder ( in the `` unfloored new seats '' value ) .
