  yes , the right to make loads of money by limiting the free flow of information makes much more sense than any alleged right to not be censored . 
  monopoly is great ( as long as the big corporations are the ones who benefit ) . 
  profit is a basic human right . 
  information is a privilege that only the rich should get to enjoy . 
  as you can see in the chart , they have n't paid anything to the eu yet , but they have received a little bit of money . 
  it does n't really say much about croatia , so i agree that including them in the chart was kind of pointless . 
  edit : i just saw that it says ( 2012 ) in the title . 
  if that is n't a typo , i have no idea . 
  poland and the baltic countries have only been in the eu since 2004 , so unless you are ten years old , that 's not true . 
   europe does n't have much jurisdiction on american corporations that 's sort of why this is needed . 
  multinational corporations can basically do whatever they want . 
  if one country does n't like a particular part of the way they do things , they move that part of their organization to another country . 
  google has too much power , and if the us does n't do anything about that , then someone else needs to step in . 
  it is so unlike italians to use extortion to get what they want . 
  / s edit : i may have been a bit racist . 
  i was angry and i projected my previous experiences of italy to apply to all italians . 
  all italians are obviously not bad guys . 
  the people with power are , but to be honest , that is true in all countries . 
  tl ; dr : russians : if you are the lesser of two evils , why does n't everyone love and praise you ? 
  the rest of the world : what ? 
  next time you enter a mostly empty bus , try sitting next to a stranger and starting a conversation . 
  in most other countries , that would be considered normal or at least mundane . 
  in sweden , it 's a deadly sin . 
  a stereotype which is actually _ not _ true about sweden is [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1eqzi4ggma ) . 
  there are a lot of black people in sweden . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  delusional people will get upset , but i 'd say [ this one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/flag_of_the_soviet_union.svg ) . 
  i voted for france . 
  twice . 
  i did n't expect it to win , but it did not deserve last place . 
  the live version is not nearly as good as the studio version , so i 'm guessing that 's why they came last ( i came home slightly too late last night to get to hear the live version , but i had already heard the studio version on youtube ) . 
  music video ( good ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwjffnhnowi live ( less good ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjkqciwp034&amp;list=plmwyedtnogujeiwcqr2vd45tssfltnrjo, 
  we use basically the [ same system in sweden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_in_sweden#voting ) . 
  the main difference is that we can tick a box for a specific person _ within _ the party we vote for . 
  this is fantastic !, 
  it seems as though the extremes ( especially the member-states with the lowest population ) have a disadvantage over the member-states in the upper-middle . 
  but upon closer inspection , malta still has over 4 times as many representatives per citizen as germany . 
  this is essentially the system i was trying to create , but lacked the mathematical skills for . 
  i have to thank you again for making sense of my fuzzy ideas and creating a much better alternative . 
  yup , but the smaller member-states would never accept it if it was based entirely on population . 
  germany would dominate even more then , than it does now . 
  i took the numbers from wikipedia . 
  i do n't remember which exact page it was , but it is fully possible that the numbers where a bit old . 
  but even with that change in mind , romania would still be overrepresented ( though perhaps not as much ) . 
  woah !, 
  i did not expect to get such a well thought out and professional reply . 
  i really appreciate it . 
  as for your first concern : it took me a while to understand the alabama paradox , but i think i get it now . 
  the remainder thing was the part i put in last , in order to ensure that the total amount of seats would always be exactly 751 . 
  you are most likely right in assuming that there are better ways of doing it . 
  as for your second concern , yes , you could make the whole system simpler . 
  i used the `` main modifier '' to make it easy for me to test various scenarios . 
  after finding that 2.6 was the best value ( results closest to the current `` system '' ) , i should have changed the formula accordingly . 
  the reason why i used this system to begin with was because the eu is neither a cooperation between member-states , not a federation . 
  so i thought it would be fitting if the seat allocation was somewhere between the extremes of giving every member-state the same amount of seats and giving each member-state a number of seats based on population . 
  i want to point out that i am not an expert . 
  i do n't think that i have found a magical solution to the problem , but i think it is important that the problem is discussed , because as long as there is n't _ any _ system in place , the back-room deals will continue . 
  thank you for your time , and especially for your insights !, 
  the european parliament currently uses no system at all . 
  they just negotiate behind closed doors . 
  that is why i think this is an important subject to explore . 
  here you go : http://i.imgur.com/yxs90su.png i would like to upload the . ods spreadsheet file , but imgur is only for pictures . 
  edit : found a file hosting site after a quick google search : http://www.filedropper.com/balancedallocationeu edit 2 : that was the old , crazy coloured file . 
  here is the new one : http://www.filedropper.com/europeanparliamentseatallocation i really need to slow down and think for a second before i post things . 
   in 2000 , its government deemed internet access a basic human right and free wi-fi became the norm throughout the land . 
  our government deemed internet access profitable for isps instead . 
   _ odd _ licensing structures any licensing structure for seeds is odd . 
  genes are not supposed to be privatized !, 
  i 'm against all intellectual monopolies , but even more so when it comes to the privatization of the gene pool . 
  it is fully possible that the monsanto style of thinking has already infiltrated europe , but it originated in the us and there are still ways of fighting it . 
  no , people object to the fact that the us does n't really give a shit about health and safety when it comes to food production ( or any production for that matter ) . 
  they have the fda , but it does n't do its job properly . 
  then there is also the gmos , which in theory is a good thing , but in practice is a way for monsanto to gain a monopoly by banning farmers from planting what monsanto consider to be `` their '' seeds unless the farmers pay extortion fees . 
  free trade is a good thing , but only as long as all involved parties regulate their markets properly . 
  the us is terrible at regulating their markets . 
  we do n't want to lower ourselves to their standards . 
  only swedes will know why that is funny . 
  after a quick look at daft punk 's wikipedia page , i can confirm that you are correct . 
  early dubstep is less physically upsetting than the dubstep of today , but it still makes me feel slightly uncomfortable . 
  i can ( almost ) understand why some people would want to listen to that kind of dubstep . 
  i understand that . 
  i personally like several songs made by daft punk , which i have heard should be categorized as dubstep , but i used the word dubstep in lack of a better word . 
  when i say dubstep , i do n't mean daft punk . 
  i mean wub-wub-wub-crash-screech-dunk-flubba-flubba-flubba . 
  is n't ukip the party that votes _ no _ on everything in the european parliament on principle ? 
  i get that they are probably in favour of deeper ties with the us , but would n't a _ yes _ vote go against their _ crush _ _ everything _ _ the _ _ eu _ _ does _ philosophy ? 
  it 's a weird song , but i thought it was a good song ... until the dubstep started . 
  why does dubstep exist ? 
  does anyone genuinely like those random , vomit-inducing noices ? 
  i am not exaggerating when i say that i literally feel physically ill when i listen to dubstep . 
  i do n't want to sound like a culture snob , but seriously , i 've been wondering this for several years . 
   you should take off your tin foil hat . 
  that 's it !, 
  that is why i have a problem with your definition of the sd . 
  your ignorance about what a huge threat to democracy they truly are is staggering . 
  you do n't have a problem with defining them as fascists , but you think that they are not white supremacists and that they have changed their ways since the nineties . 
  you are a moron . 
  the only thing they have changed is their appearance . 
  i wo n't even touch the fact that you chose a muslim organization to represent something worse than the sd . 
  the left party ( v\u00e4nstern ) is by my definition definitely a communist party .
