if you did n't want to hear other people 's views , you should n't have made a reddit account !, 
  if you seriously think that this kind of plan would ever work , you have a pretty childish view of the powers of government . 
  that does n't make sense to me . 
  if the government legalises the institution of the `` sharia police '' and actively promotes it to people , they ca n't deport or prosecute people for joining it . 
  are you making some kind of vague joke that i 'm not getting ? 
  they are not police . 
  they have no legal standing . 
  if i were to form a group to walk around and give out to people for peeling bananas the wrong way , we would be `` police '' as much as these guys are . 
  they seem to be a nuisance to the city 's people more than any kind of threat , since they are peaceful in their protest . 
  these kind of groups are only dangerous in countries where sharia has legal standing . 
  them claiming to be `` police '' and as such assuming they have some kind of standing above other people needs to be stopped however . 
  i 'm not suggesting that sharia has any place whatsoever in western society ( it does n't and it should never have ) . 
  simply that these people are doing nothing wrong other than wearing uniforms claiming to be police and being annoying . 
  they do n't pose any actual threat to anyone else or the european judicial system . 
  if they legalise it , on what grounds exactly are they going to deport them later ? 
  this is r/europe . 
  most of the people who comment on these threads are just looking to cause arguments with their poorly founded political ideas . 
  the stuff you see on here , particularly when the words `` islam '' or `` muslim '' are in the title , do not represent the actual views of most people in europe . 
  question : can you even name every majority islamic country ? 
  ( i ca n't , but since you seem to know so much about islamic countries , i would expect you can ) if you do even a tiny bit of research , you 'll learn that quite a lot of the islamic majority states are not radicalised in the slightest . 
  there are some that are indeed radical , yes . 
  but to give such a generalising statement as `` islamic countries are indeed extremely radicalized '' shows that you have formed an all-encompassing opinion with little to no research , at best based only on what you have seen on the news . 
  the west shunning iran and saudi arabia is never going to happen . 
  it seems the preferred method of dealing with extremism is to demonise the brainwashed footmen carrying out the attacks , rather than shunning the government that 's facilitating it , and even encouraging it . 
  how do you propose radical imams be dealt with ? 
  simply expressing sympathy or admiration for extremism is not enough to have someone imprisoned currently . 
  if laws were to be passed banning all extremist rhetoric , chances are the anti-islam right wing 's campaigning would also be illegal . 
  i think in a country like canada where nearly everyone is a descendant of an immigrant , it is much harder for a person to actively oppose migration or marginalise immigrants to the extent as is done in europe . 
  in ireland , christianity has caused far more problems than islam ever has . 
  and catholicism is still an integral part of the education system , despite this . 
  removing it 's influence from public education completely is necessary . 
  if you give any religious organisation the right to influence domestic affairs , shit is gon na get fucked up . 
  archaic views and barbaric enforcement tactics are not an exclusively islamic thing . 
  is n't ` unconditional ' support for any country a terrible idea though ? 
  would that not mean that no matter what a country 's government decides to do , no matter how bad , they will still be supported ? 
  government interdependence needs to be extremely conditional in my view . 
  after all , its better for society that a woman be forced to live with an abusive man who fathered her child , than it is for the government to give her child and herself the opportunity to live a safer life . 
  all because the government could put the money into something else . 
  left wing extremist checking in : i have no issue with people who want to live according to their culture 's traditions . 
  ( provided they are not hurting others in the process ) what i have a serious issue with though , are political organisations promoting the traditional lifestyle as the ` correct ' or ` morally right ' way to live . 
  i have no problem for example , with a person who feels personally that marriage is a union between a man and a woman exclusively . 
  however , if this person decides that they should take action to try and deny the right of marriage to those who do n't fit * their * idea of who marriage should be available to , i will likely lose a bit of respect for that person . 
  insulting a total stranger out of the blue , with no actual reason to , falls within the boundaries of a verbal attack . 
  not a violent attack , obviously . 
  and i do n't go outside anyway . 
  why do you think i 'm on reddit ? 
  it absolutely does . 
  i dislike the right-wing and nationalism as much as the next guy . 
  well , given that this is r/europe , its probably more like as much as every tenth person . 
  being insulted could easily be considered a verbal attack . 
  and having a prejudice that makes you think that all middle-easterners must automatically be `` up to no good '' once again , does n't make what the verbal attackers did okay . 
  not worthy of a sentence , sure , but still not defendable in my eyes . 
  looks like it 'll be the other way round this time ... 
  i think the rise of nationalism has just given these scumbags the ability to justify their actions . 
  before the refugee crisis , these people were hooligans and petty criminals , and racists , now they are sometimes even considered `` protestors '' taking action for a better europe by social media commentators . 
  mistaking someone for middle eastern does not justify an attack , verbal or otherwise . 
  black , white , asian etc. 
  are all just points on a spectrum of physical appearance . 
  look at tuaregs , ethiopians , kazakhs , or certain uralic peoples from central russia . 
  these people can best be described as sitting on a boundary between what once were considered `` races '' . 
   spaniards , portuguese , southern italians and greeks are n't considered white or european anymore from what i 've learned * sigh * a lot of people from those countries have white skin . 
  some do have darker skin , but they are still the same ethnicitity and nationality . 
  all of those countries are undeniably in europe . 
  even if some amoeba has decided that due to history or whatever , they 're somehow no longer european , what does it matter . 
  not liking someones skin colour/ethnicity is not a justification for attacking them , no matter how angry and `` suppressed '' one feels about immigrants . 
  it would just be retarded . 
  i do n't think anyone will side with turkey here . 
  i do n't think the point of the comment was about immigration . 
  the point was that people denounce and demonised the muslims who cheered when terror attacks occurred , yet will accept the europeans who cheered when migrants died . 
  those who are sick and depraved enough to celebrate the death of innocent human beings on a boat in the mediterranean are just as sick and depraved as those who will celebrate the death of innocnet human beings in a terrorist attack . 
  they are not similar in their actions . 
  they are however , somewhat similar in their motives ( driven by maintenance of identity and unwillingness to adapt and understand others ) . 
  why not compare them ? 
  comparing does not mean equating . 
  the issue is that there is no actual evidence of it happening . 
  people can give us their word that these things happened , but until they have good evidence , their claims mean nothing . 
  and the right-wingers nearly always have the defense of their nationality and `` good old-fashioned values '' in the face of a changing world as the basis for their party 's existence . 
  more or less the same motives the islamic state have . 
  in my view , oversexualisation of the media and objectification of women in the name of selling products and boosting viewing figures is what 's at the core of the unique new sexism that can be seen in modern-day western society , and one that needs to be gotten rid of , quick . 
  whether or not it was a factor in the cologne attacks is another matter . 
  not really in my view . 
  one can dislike the attitudes of those at the extreme end of a spectrum without disliking the entire school of thought . 
  i 'm not a big fan of islam ( or any organised religion for that matter ) but i feel the amount of blame being put on the entire school of though for the situation regarding terrorism is unreasonable . 
  the country 's history of governement mught have influenced the religiousness of its population alright . 
  i think its also the most complex modern romance language from a grammatical and inflectional standpoint . 
  its definitely the only one which still inflects for case . 
  and what 's so ` vegetarian ' about not eating meat ? 
  bigotry by definition is intolerance of those who have opinions different from those of oneself . 
  being ` openly against ' a group of peoples ' religious opinions is bigotry . 
  plain and simple . 
  being anti-islamic and being against religious extremism or fundamentalism are very different things . 
  and the argument that `` there 's no such thing as non-fundamentalist islam '' is codswallop . 
  just look at albania/azerbaijan/turkey ( not erdogan , but the populace in general ) . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's * terror * ism . 
  it 's designed to create fear . 
  by not being afraid , we 're not allowing them to win . 
  history repeats itself . 
  we westerners like to think of ourselves as liberal , free thinking , moderate people . 
  as soon as we get emotional , we go back to our savage warlike roots .
