  a secularist disliking it because of religious connotations is , if anything , validating the garment 's religious background . 
  in that case maybe you should petition irish and british historical authorities to start using a more gruesome term . 
  i 'm sure it will work much better than verbally attacking people for using the accepted term to refer to that period . 
  i did n't even know that this was a thing . 
  `` the troubles '' is the * only * term i 've ever heard used to refer to that period , including by people who have lost friends and family members in attacks . 
  reprimanding people for using the term is like reprimanding people for referring to homosexual men as `` gay '' . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , `` the emergency '' was a term devalera encouraged the use of , as he did not want to acknowledge that there was a war going on outside of ireland . 
  i may be mistaken , however . 
  it 's the accepted term for that period of history and is used by pretty much everyone , irish and british , to refer to the atrocities committed by terrorists on both sides during that period . 
  it 's akin to the use of `` 9/11 '' to refer to the events in 2001 , and the use of the term says nothing about perspective . 
   regarding your example , i would be happy to support any government which would remove you from our country . 
  even in the case of a joke ? 
  sure that was a pretty poor example of humour , but come on , when you 're so terrified of terrorism that you 're willing to deport someone who was just making a sick joke it goes beyond paranoia . 
  there needs to be a trial in these situations . 
  deporting people willy-nilly , based only on poorly founded evidence , has a huge potential for abuse . 
  how exactly could one prove that someone supported terror attacks ? 
  short of extensive mass surveillance , there is no way to keep track of everything someone says , and reported speech is not enough to go on here . 
  unless of course you mean `` support '' as in helping to facilitate attacks . 
  i guess they recognised their own irresponsibility in jumping on the car , and tried to make better by fixing the damage they caused . 
  i 'd imagine many muslim kids who go to public schools likely received much worse bullying following the paris and brussels attacks ... 
  in fact i 'd even say plenty of non-muslim kids with brown skin received bullying over the attacks . 
  in primary school ( in ireland ) we were basically given classes on preparing for our communion and confirmation sacraments . 
  i 'm sure it was possible to sit these classes out , although my entire class came from families that could all somehow be considered catholic ( plenty were non-practicing non-believing parents i 'm sure , who simply pretended to believe so as to let their child get the sacraments and keep the grandparents happy ) . 
  i would definitely say that having the sacraments essentially a part of the school curriculum is indoctrination , however . 
  it puts pressure on kids and parents to participate in religion , and i 'm sure if sacraments were strictly an outside-of-school thing , there would be a many less kids getting them . 
  religion and education do not belong together . 
  it 's the state 's duty to ensure this , by not allowing the catholic church to fund public schools . 
  edit : btw i 'm 20 yrs old . 
  i definitely did n't go to primary school when the church was at the height of its tyranny . 
   all of his books have religion themes in it . 
  seriously ? 
  i went to a catholic funded school in ireland , and the only books with religious themes were the ones for religion class , the frequency of which varied from school to school . 
  i 'm completely against the catholic church or any religious organisations having any influence whatsoever in education , but either you sent your son to a quack hardline school or you 're exaggerating . 
  the catholic influence in education in ireland ( the republic anyway ) is really nothing beyond a class period on religion nowadays , at least in every case i 've heard . 
  there are also older suburbs , which look like [ this ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/@53.3933441,-6.3098823,3a,75y,339.91h,79.36t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1svzq_nhimwuwk--37nuqiyw!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo3.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3dvzq_nhimwuwk--37nuqiyw%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d22.06324%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  or more likely due to the fact that iberian and irish people have similar dna . 
  nationality is a cultural rather than a biological concept . 
  the english language came from the anglo-saxons , and was shaped extensively by the normans . 
  language is usually the most important factor in the existence of a nationality . 
  if your nationality was that of the original inhabitants of great britain , you 'd likely be speaking something similar to welsh . 
  only for the self important . 
  demographics change with time . 
  it 's been happening for thousands of years , and it will continue to happen . 
  accept it . 
  there would n't even be an english cultural identity had the migration of the saxons to great britain never occurred . 
  if you go further back , the existence of saxon cultural identity would n't have been , if it were n't for the indo-european migration to europe . 
  when you say anti-white , what do you mean ? 
  is it white people being often dislike by native hawaiians ? 
  or by asian heritage people also ? 
  aboroginal australians look very different to other ethnicities because of the fact that for thousands of years they were completely uncontacted . 
  my point was that you can not compare the `` races '' of humans with subspecies of animals , as pretty much everyone is a `` crossbreed '' , if you will . 
  maybe at one point , far far back in time , you could make that comparison ( i do n't know , i 'm not a biologist ) . 
  but nowadays it is invalid . 
  i am not talking about mestizo south americans here , or half black half white americans ( i.e. 
  people whose ancestry can be traced and can account for their mixed race ) . 
  i 'm talking about native ethnicities who have bred largely within their own ethnicities throughout history , whose characteristic look sits somewhere between multiple of what would once have been considered concrete races . 
   women raised by single mothers enter puberty one year earlier than those with 2 parents and have a tendency for promiscuity . 
  once again , sounds like complete tripe . 
  theres no way that the age a girl enters puberty can be reliably predicted by her parental situation , much less so with the accuracy you 've suggested . 
  completely seperate subspecies ? 
  no , they would n't . 
  human race nowadays is a spectrum . 
  there are a huge number of ethnicities that display features that sit between the typical features of traditionally different races . 
  for example ethiopians or kazakhs . 
  it is . 
  i feel the anti-intellectualism sentiment also has something to do with it . 
  that sounds to me like utter bullshit . 
  r/k selection differences occur only between different species , not between ethnicities . 
  ( also concrete `` race '' as a biological concept has gone out the window , as has r/k selection for that matter ) i 'd imagine the reason african people may seem more `` r-selected '' to you is due to poor availability of contraception , and lack of education on its use . 
  ignorance is contagious . 
  many people do not think rationally or critically , but follow their chosen media blindly . 
  if more media denies climate change , more people will believe it . 
  particularly if the media is politically charged , tells people that they 've been `` lied to '' all along , and theres an echo chamber culture around the media . 
  economically valid ? 
  also yes, 
  yes , homosexuals and transsexuals do get a lot of attention in the media ( mainly because worldwide media has only recently come to be totally at peace with their existence ) , but no one is * promoting * homosexuality . 
  no one ( or at least very few outlets , if any ) is suggesting that they are superior to others , or that more people should be gay ( i feel stupid even writing that , it 's like talking about someone saying more people should be afraid of heights ) . 
   we 're against the propagation of homo - and transsexualism in class ... our children must not become the puppets of a loud sexual minority . 
  i find it hard to take anyone who honestly believes that there is some kind of a promotion of homosexuality in modern media seriously , let alone trust them to run a country . 
  i find afd 's views regarding homosexuality and transgender to be pretty disturbing . 
  not a million miles away from the views the conservative muslims they dislike have on the issue , either . 
  i 'd urge germans to think seriously about their support for afd . 
  just because they are critical of islam does not mean they are in any way compatible with modern western society 's views . 
  the definition of `` incitement to violence '' must be very explicit though , and apply to * anyone * , regardless of religious standing , that is promoting organised violence . 
  if someone is anti-democratic i do n't see why they should n't be allowed in , provided they are peaceful . 
  plenty of citizens are anti-democratic in their views . 
  if anyone , religious or not , is openly and explicitly advocating organised violence against anyone , they absolutely should be denied a visa . 
  i feel they will need to be extremely careful , if this law is passed , that they use only the advocation of violence as grounds to deny a visa , and disregard religion or irreligion . 
  so you would rather the catholic church instate religious sectarianism or what ? 
  i do n't think looking to the past is ever a good way of planning your steps forward . 
  maybe not anymore , but in the past , yes . 
  lets not forget the crusades . 
  also , the voyages of the conquistadors had fairly significant religious aspects as well , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  whether this was dictated by the religious doctrine explicitly , or simply by the religious authorities of the time , i do not know . 
  someone 's mere physical appearance `` grossing you out '' is a little dehumanising in my view . 
  you can simplify being overweight as a lack of control if you like , but theres a lot more to it than that . 
  it can be due to a gradually acquired lifestyle , as well as things like metabolism , health conditions etc. 
  sure this is not always the case , but it is so more often than you might think . 
  bottom line : it is extremely easy for a person of healthy weight to sweepingly judge overweight people as being lazy , out of control , gross , whatever . 
  view fat people as you will , but there are a million ways you can end up fat , and it is a lot easier to slip into an unhealthy lifestyle than you might think .
