  quite a lot of people on r/europe seem to be stupid enough to believe that hatred and intolerance is the way to deal with hatred and intolerance . 
  isis would be the least of our worries if some of these idiotic political/nationalist ideals were ever put into practice . 
  i sincerely hope thats a joke or sarcasm . 
  i think you really should n't be surprised that europeans were not crying their eyes out on 9/11 . 
  unless they happened to have family or friends in new york , it really did n't have any effect on them . 
  at least when i was in school , moments of silence basically never happened for attacks/disasters in other countries . 
  only moment of silence i remember was in secondary school , when a classmate had died . 
  and of course , a political party being the majority makes them more credible . 
  wow you must be clairvoyant . 
  nice fact you pulled out of your ass there . 
  if you honestly think that the european left wing have any kind of vendetta against jews you 've clearly heard of no major european left parties . 
  the fact that albanian muslims are albanian ? 
  come on this is basic stuff . 
  and criticising the israeli government counts as islamism . 
  welcome to r/europe . 
  keep your prejudices to yourself . 
  it will . 
  the idea that immigrants will ever displace the native populations of europe is completely ridiculous . 
  and even if they do , we can all just move to syria . 
  some people here in ireland have this ridiculous view as well . 
  thankfully no one in any kind of political influence though . 
  what they consider `` stealing '' of a job is usually due to : - working harder to find a job than many irish people . 
  - being better qualified/experienced than them . 
  - being willing to work in jobs that a lot of irish people consider `` below '' them ( generally due to head-up-own-arse syndrome . 
  i was n't focusing on the whole issue of integration , mainly language learning . 
  obviously finns are culturally pretty close to swedes ( norwegians are likely closer ) , and this obviously would give better drive to integrate , with language learning included . 
  i was mainly pointing out that successfully linguistiy integrated finns are not a great example of ease of integration in sweden , as they are culturally close . 
  but already being even a bit familiar with a language before moving does help significantly in becoming fluent after you have moved . 
  thats a perspective issue . 
  people dislike scientologists or creationists because they often see them get the upper hand , or see the negative effects these views can have on other people . 
  the situation with islam is that the muslims in europe are the underdog , rather than the ones fucking the underdog over . 
  it seems that radical islam is much like drug rings , in that they rope in normal , lower income individuals through coercion . 
  most young people drafted in are not radical before , but are radicalised through the rhetoric of the groups . 
  swedish is , as far as i know , compulsory up until high school . 
  since languages are better retained the earlier they are learned , this would provide a good base for learning swedish intensively after moving to sweden . 
  the fact that its an official language in finland would also have an effect , due to swedish being displayed on signs etc. 
  this sounds a little like the situation of irish in ireland : its not widely spoken , most people rarely use the language day to day , but it is written everywhere , and compulsory in schools . 
  this means that most people will know the words for commonplace things in irish , and at least be able to string a sentence together in the language . 
  nothing near fluency , but a decent base in the language . 
  often its the early stages of language learning that are the most difficult , and that many people do not get past . 
  the fact that most finns would alreay at least have this in swedish , would likely give them a significant head start in attaining proficiency in swedish , and thus properly integrating into swedish society . 
  i have no first hand information regarding the situation , but it seems to me that finland would be perhaps the easiest country from which to move to sweden . 
  certainly easier than an arab country , which might explain the language retention . 
  in a secular society , the religion of citizens is irrelevant , since religious ideals should not be involved in government whatsoever . 
  edit : religious ideals, 
  swedish is also an official and national language in finland . 
  to the best of my knowledge , finnish students must learn swedish in school as part of the curriculum . 
  this would probably be one of the big reasons finnish imigrants find it easier to adapt in sweden . 
  yes , that may be what * you * are arguing . 
  however there are portions of the right wing that have the view that islam in all forms is a source of violence . 
  any doctrine whatsoever can be interpreted in such a way as to justify crime and violence . 
  islam , christianity , communism , what have you . 
  true , muslims do seem to be more susceptible to fundamentalism * at this point in time * , however there is an extremely strong arguement that this is due mainly to lower social standing and undereducation . 
  `` sheltering '' radical muslims is a step too far . 
  no one is arguing that extremists should n't be imprisoned , or indeed that refugees should be given free reign yo do whatever they want with no consequence . 
  the right wing has become extremely hateful . 
  they have classified all muslims as dangerous . 
  they really want to spread the idea that the current situation is entirely the islamic faith 's fault . 
  many europeans are sitting on the fence regarding their view of immigration . 
  if a media which constantly denounces all muslims is allowed to exist , many people could be converted to following right wing extremism . 
  it worries me that this islamophobic right wing , should its influence continue , could very quickly gain too much power . 
  the shutting down of european everyday life , for fear of attack , is exactly what isis want . 
  the moment we stop organising large scale events because of potential unconfirmed attacks , is the moment isis have won their first battle against , well , everyone . 
  effective security : yes fear : no, 
  the link between emissions and global warming is about as debatable as the link between smoking and cancer/heart disease . 
  the un bill of rights of children states that children have a right to shelter , nutrition and an adequate living standard . 
  it does not say anything about a mother and a father . 
  after all , being politically is a terrible thing . 
  how dare someone choose not to offend people when they have a golden oportunity to cause a stir and ignite some anger . 
  seriously , the fucking anti-political correctness right wingers need to get a grip . 
  and of course , making assumptions is not taking ignorance to the absurd . 
  immigrants are generally over-represented in crime , as they are often of lower social standing . 
  generally , there is a negative correlation between social standing and reported crime levels , for a huge number of reasons . 
  by saying `` peaceful '' it came across as you suggesting that the majority of muslims in europe were involved in terrorism/religious warfare . 
  this is not true , even a very controversial tabloid article in britain stated that the figure of muslims who supported is was 1 in 5 . 
  although it must be noted that this figure was severely misconstrued , as it actually involved a survey which asked muslims if they supported those who went to fight in syria , and did not specify for whom . 
  naturally this would include those who go to syria to fight * against * da'esh . 
  it is shameful indeed , i did n't say it is n't . 
  it does sadden me though , that people have descended to a level of stupidity to essentially praise people like the guy who tweeted this . 
  people attacking members of a particular nationality/religion for things carried out by other members of said nationality/religion though , is just intolerant and petty . 
  it does absolutely nothing to solve the problem at hand , if anything it adds to it in this case , by creating further division . 
  i think if `` a lot '' of muslims in europe were not peaceful , terror attacks would be much more frequent than they are . 
  there may be a lot of non-assimilating muslims living in europe , but refusing to assimilate and being violent are completely different concepts . 
  i also feel its very hypocritical of you to denounce arabs living in europe for refusing to conform to western customs , but completely accept a westerner living in saudi arabia not even bothering to learn a language . 
  i think that if a muslim in my country does not want to assimilate , that is fine . 
  one should not be expected to respect the values of a country that they are living in , provided that this lack of respect does not lead to violence . 
  it 's okay to hate islamists for sure . 
  thing is , the `` explain brussels '' guy did not confront an islamist , he confronted a muslim . 
  there is a difference . 
  sure its okay to hate anyone , even for no reason , but do n't expect people to not challenge irrational hatred . 
  people like this guys are n't heroes . 
  they 're idiots . 
  very few major nationalities/cultural identities are free of blame . 
  as an irish person , it would be plain rude for me to go up to a british person asking them to `` explain the penal laws/all that land you stole from us in the plantations/all that food you exported during the famine in the 1840s/the bloody sunday shootings '' . 
  similarly , it is just intolerant to approach an american asking them to `` explain the drone shootings '' . 
  people are becoming brainwashed into thinking that simply identifying with the muslim faith , the second-largest religion in the world , equates to sympathy for terrorism . 
  it does n't . 
  i do n't consider a mere tweet to be worthy of prosecution , but i do not admire this kind of smug , self-important behaviour . 
  i have to say , if i was in the position you described , i do n't think i would give half a shit . 
  times change , places change , people move .
