  i heard this before , but it centered around german and english politicians arguing about whose language would be a better choice for official language of the eu . 
  it is agreed that english is chosen , but that it must undergo spelling reforms . 
  the joke pans out the same , but it ends with `` by now , we 're all speaking german anyway '', 
  ehhh maybe because that person is a human being as well . 
  seriously , losing weight is not as easy as reddit would like to believe . 
  i 've been there . 
  now i 'm not saying that people should n't try their best to lose weight , i managed to do so ( with work ) . 
  but the anti-fat sentiment on the internet does not give overweight people the kick in the ass to motivate them that people might think it does . 
  it just makes the reality of being fat a whole lot more depressing , makes the struggle of losing weight much more humiliating , and makes many vulnerable overweight people seek more instant solace , for example in binge eating . 
  why do you find it offensive exactly ? 
  this seems to completely go against ukip 's immigration policy regarding ireland , if i 'm not mistaken ? 
  unfortunately , not everyone thinks rationally . 
  i get the impression that european governments will cling to whatever straws they can to keep cannabis and other drugs illegal for as long as possible . 
  probably has more to do with a lot of americans having irish ancestry and irish culture being very prevalent in the us . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  he may not be as ignorant in real life as he appears on the screen and in his columns , but his reported behaviour off set certainly suggests he 's as arrogant . 
  or the grim reaper, 
  just cause christianity does it too does n't make it okay . 
  by `` underdeveloped '' do you mean simply not as urbanised , or actually with more poverty than the rest of the country ? 
  cause i 've never heard cornwall associated with poverty . 
  we got our first five guys in ireland recently . 
  it 's ridiculously overpriced . 
  i 'm guessing their prices are higher here than in the usa though . 
  yeah , i was really surprised that jamaican politicians spoke like that too . 
  what does this mean ? 
  is it like , if something bad happens to you , seeing the same thing or worse to someone else makes one feel better ? 
   we 're very nice to tourists as well , just not nice to eachother i think this is how a lot of europeans view people from their own country . 
  people always tell me about how nice irish people allegedly are , and i just think `` what the fuck ? 
  we 're all unfriendly , insincere pricks '' . 
  i guess when you 're used to your country 's people , you take the unique virtues of them for granted . 
  ethiopian food is nothing like middle eastern food ( at least what is sold as such in europe ) . 
  i thought we were the only ones ... 
  i do n't mind the fact that the religious aspect of christmas is being obscured . 
  the idea of an end of year/start of year holiday has been around for longer than christianity , after all . 
  but the gift-giving has gotten out of hand . 
  people spend thousands of euros on gifts nowadays , and they 're conditioned to feel that they have to . 
  it 's actually disgusting . 
  part of the middle eastern resemblance may be because in irish the verb comes first in the sentence , the same as in hebrew and arabic , but different to other non-celtic languages in europe . 
  this could give the language a similar stress pattern , i guess . 
  nah , the black box is the best . 
  they say if you drink too much of it you 'll go blind !, 
  my guess would be `` womzha '' . 
  also is that where the beer is from ? 
  caoimhe is the feminine form of caoimh\u00edn , which is transliterated to english as kevin . 
  could be latvia either . 
  actually potatoes are popular in pretty much all of europe . 
  back to square one !, 
   i think that latin is designed better than cyrillic . 
  the ioticised vowels and the soft/hard signs seem pretty handy though . 
  these would work really well in irish , which like russian has a palatalisation distinction . 
  palatalisation really gets clunky with the latin alphabet . 
  the irish equivalent of `` cheers '' is `` sl\u00e1inte '' . 
  it means the same thing !, 
  no it does n't . 
  and the correct answer is the northern midlands . 
  `` alba '' is also a girls name . 
  the word `` alba '' means scotland in scottish gaelic , although i 'm not sure that that 's where the name comes from . 
  may i introduce you to my children : jack , tyre iron and ratchet . 
  does italian not use the grave and acute accents ? 
  they 're not considered extra letters , but they are used afaik . 
  thats the point , its a stupid thing to get offended over imo . 
  i think people assume that the person saying it thinks ireland is still part of britain politically if they get offended . 
  irish people get offended over the term `` british isles '' . 
  its just a term used for convenience , but some people act as if you 've just said you have a shrine to oliver cromwell in your living room when you use it . 
  and the apathy of people , in particular among older people with regards to certain institutions . 
  `` yeah the church is terrible , but what can we do about it really ? 
  time to go to mass '' . 
  thats just the dative form of `` who '' . 
  it has nothing to do with formality , you use that when enquiring about the indirect object of a preposition . 
  english used to have `` thou '' as its informal `` you '' and `` you '' as the formal one , but they merged . 
  is this not the case on all public transport in europe ? 
  but you 're talking about greece , not rome ? 
  european : portuguese , polish , finnish ( not indo-european , i know ) . 
  non-european : arabic , berber languages ( mainly because of tinariwen ) , japanese . 
  totally , i 'm really proud to be irish when i look at how far we 've come , but i feel ashamed sometimes when i look at how bad we were , and how much further we have to go . 
  the push for the legalisation of abortion is an uphill battle . 
  so i guess that makes ireland the saudi arabia of europe ? 
  no , they should n't be harrassed at all , and unfortunately a lot of the anti-fat acceptance people seem to be doing this . 
  i do think its important , however , that people are made aware of the health risks of being overweight , and of how they can change it , through the media and in a way that is supportive rather than marginalising . 
  i have to say ireland does a pretty good job of this , at least in my opinion . 
  ca n't speak for other european countries though . 
  well , people who are short ca n't change their situation , and people who stutter are n't at a greater risk of numerous health issues due to their stutter ... 
  this is why i 'm glad i 'm an atheist . 
  i do n't think i could ever live under a god who ate that stuff . 
  and in the evenings i just like a cup of tea . 
  interesting . 
  i had always wondered did they use cyrillic characters for algebra in russia . 
  i consider myself gmo-skeptic for economic reasons . 
  simple fact is , gmo produce being mass-marketed is going to change the agricultural industry in some way , and i think we need to be gradual in our introduction of them to the market rather than going head-first at the risk of causing damage to our economies or allowing monopolies to form . 
  from a food safety standpoint , as long as there is rigorous testing and good standards , i think gmos are safe . 
   until then , i 'm erring on the side of caution by not getting any vaccinations and not vaccinating my kids . 
  i do n't think you 're erring on the side of caution here at all , since you 're putting them at a greater risk of contracting serious and preventable diseases . 
  same in irish . 
  `` aimsir '' means both weather and time . 
  i would spell it `` comftorble '' . 
  last time i checked , couscous was north african ? 
  i think the laverbread makes the welsh breakfast the winner here . 
  that stuff is delicious fried in an oatmeal cake !, 
  cockles are good too . 
  exactly , and tradition has no place in politics .
