  people need to accept that . 
  is it ? 
  i know it has odd pronunciation and a difficult phonetics , but i find it hard to imagine it has more incidental exceptions to rules or redundancies than english . 
  any danish people with experience in both want to compare ? 
  they 're grrrrrrreat ? 
  depends what part of europe your talking about . 
  terrorism was rampant in ireland at that point . 
  i think a lot of this is down to what nationality means in ireland , and the fact that it is n't very important to most irish people . 
  if you ask most irish people what the word ` nationality ' means to them , they 'll likely say it means what country you 're from , rather than what you identify as culturally . 
  it seems like a lot of european countries have a set of cultural values that define their nationality , while ireland does not . 
  also , nationality is n't a big deal in ireland . 
  most irish people under the age of fifty , at least in my experience , do n't even think about their own national identity , let alone that of others who live in the country . 
   climate change is the least of my concerns whenever real or not so i do n't really have much to say about it . 
  it 's real , that is that as far as science is concerned . 
  i wo n't say you should be concerned about it , but it is by far the biggest threat to your existence and quality of life that currently exists . 
   i think this does affect us quite allot first about `` gay rights '' in my opinion giving those people rights does n't help any nation in any way if there is one thing that gays should have a right is a cure . 
  do n't know if you 're a troll or not here . 
  why do gay people need a cure ? 
  how are they a detriment to a nation ? 
  what is your issue with them ? 
  please , explain to me how gay people practicing their lifestyle affects you or anyone else in the slightest . 
   low iq third world savages since when does the place you are born influence your iq ? 
  if views as outrightly dehumanising and misinformed as yours become mainstream , how can we ever expect to integrate people into society ? 
   i also find it funny that you call those `` extreme politics '' so what do you plan to do with the millions of people that hold those views and would gladly vote for a party that represents them ? 
  right now in my country , views like this are not at all mainstream , and no parties in the previous election represented them . 
  so to be honest i do n't know what i 'd do if ever an extremist party got into power . 
  maybe emigrated , maybe lock myself in my drinks cabinet . 
  i have no issue with people with views such as yours existing and voting , but i will be very worried if such short-sightedness ever becomes a common theme in politics . 
   nobody denies `` climate change '' they deny man made climate change this is just as bad . 
  this means that the party will likely make no effort to reduce co2 emissions . 
  not exactly a good environmental policy . 
  muslim terrorists * might * affect your life negatively , the effects of unchecked emissions and pollution * will most definitely * affect your life . 
  you think the increased levels of flooding throughout europe are a random occurrence ? 
   not everyone sees `` social progress '' as any kind of progress . 
  yeah , maybe not everyone does . 
  why do those who do n't like social progress care so much about it though ? 
  it 's not their lives that are affected by archaic laws ( e.g. 
  gay rights , abortion ) , and the lack of laws against such things does n't affect them either . 
  unless of course they 're convinced that their way of thinking is the only correct way to think , in which case they 're extremists and have no place influencing politics . 
  voting for afd on the basis of liking one aspect of their policy is idiocy . 
  this party denies climate change , for one thing . 
  they 're about as politically compatible with western europe as well , a radical muslim party . 
  by voting for these kind of populists , europe risks undoing decades of social progress . 
  so you believe iq is determined at birth ? 
  or do you mean because educational opportunities are different depending on where one is born ? 
  my mouth 's beside my ass , i get them confused sometimes . 
  anyway . 
  iq tests are extremely flawed and one sided . 
  ask yourself why you 've never been asked for your iq in a job interview . 
  or you know , why no one actually gives a shit about it . 
  you do realise that iq is pretty much worthless as a statistic ? 
  much more so when it comes to practical intellect/fitness for jobs . 
   the difference is europe has established indentuty cultures unlike america i 'm sorry to have to break it to you , but the usa has a culture , and it has an identity . 
  it may not be viewed in as high regard as those of europe , but it 's a culture nonetheless . 
  you mught use the argument that significant aspects of us culture has origins elsewhere , but that does not invalidate it , as the individual cultures of european countries are every bit as intertwined and influenced by neighbours and conquerers as the us culture is by early immigrants . 
  american culture has been exported en masse , and this is the biggest threat to european cultures at this moment , because a lot of europeans are embracing it and forgetting their native culture . 
  whether it 's a positive or a negative thing is a different matter , but it is happening . 
   this really is n't different from the burqa ban it is . 
  the burqa covers the face , and inhibits idetification . 
  that puts it in the same class as a balaclava in my view . 
  you can not wear a balaclava in an airport ( i think ) or a bank , the burqa should not be treated any differently . 
  i have no issue with this being taken further and being implemented in all public places , as identification of people by face is essential . 
  the burqini does not cover the face . 
   the french have no reason to adapt their society and culture to these people not should they . 
  no one is expecting the french to adapt to muslim values . 
  restaurants are n't expected to exclusively serve halal meat , islamic banking is not practiced on a wide scale , the call to prayer is not expected to be played , french people are not expected to not eat outdoors during ramadan to support muslims . 
  the french can continue living as they always have . 
  the only thing they have to do is have women wearing certain garments come into their line of sight from time to time . 
  i do n't see how this is such an issue . 
  once again , if you 're an anti-pc reddit warrior , the type who hates generation snowflake 's hyper-sensitivity , who is honestly offended by a piece of cloth , then i 'm afraid you too have hyper-sensitivity issues . 
  i do n't think that any religion , in and of itself , is incompatible with any society . 
  even fundamentalism when pursued personally . 
  ( i.e. 
  in such a way as to not infringe on others ) what * is * incompatible is evangelicalism and the idea of religious supremacy . 
  it 's the promotion of these ideas that cause issues and lead to violence . 
  whether it be in islam , christianity , etc. 
  yeah , because people with different opinions to you are automatically idiots after all . 
  let 's remember , we 're talking about a fucking swimsuit here . 
  a ban on particular garments is not going to stop the formation of parallel societies . 
  putting an end to willy-nilly immigration might , but that 's not what we 're talking about . 
  i was talking about the usa when i mentioned chinatowns and little italies btw . 
  i did not suggest that they are harmful to us society , merely that they too are parallel societies . 
   because it infringes on french values you dumb fuck . 
  how ? 
  parallel societies are caused by large numbers of immigrants from similar backgrounds , and they happen everywhere . 
  that 's why you get chinatowns and little italies . 
  it happens that muslim values are vastly different from french ones , and many are recent immigrants , which contributes to the emergence of these parallel societies . 
  plus , would n't muslims mixing only in parallel societies allow these sacred french values to continue to exist in french society , as it would insulate french society from muslim influence ? 
  also , easy on the personal attacks . 
  they do nothing for your credibility in debate , and only serve to make you look desperate to prove a point which you have n't got enough logic to back up . 
  you might think you 're being edgy and cutting by calling me a dumb fuck , but really it suggests you have n't got enough to fall back on in your argument . 
   we 've had years of tolerating these backward customs and french citizens have had enough and do n't want their culture under assualt . 
  that 's completely legitimate as is their response why does anyone care what customs muslims choose to follow personally ? 
  are you such a sensitive little flower that a piece of cloth on a woman 's head or similar offends you ? 
  globalisation has damaged the individual cultures of europe much more than muslim immigrants have . 
  it 's possible to preserve a culture without mandating it in law . 
   enforcing french values and way of life i do n't believe forcing cultural values on people is a good policy for a country . 
  it 's ridiculous that saudi arabia forces all women , including foreigners and visitors , to wear the abaya ( traditional modesty robes ) . 
  it 's equally ridiculous that france will not allow people to wear a garment . 
  to a non-muslim , its an ugly swimsuit .
