point is that these air ports on most cases benefit the investors , d'oh . 
  hence they do n't need to redact these investments . 
  and yes , do n't bother linking http://www.economist.com/blogs/gulliver/2014/12/funding-european-airports  the auditors examined 20 airports in estonia , greece , spain , italy and poland that received a combined $ 666m ( $ 817m ) in eu funding . 
  seven of those airports are still not profitable . 
  i think 13 is a big enough number to say that these investments are mostly worth it . 
  sure , local region gains a lot but so do those foreign companies that have their stuff shipped through it etc. 
  and by them the goverments of these countries . 
  benefit as in benefit economically from their investment . 
  these investments wo n't magically stop making money due to refugee crisis , hence they ( investors ) still benefit from it . 
  also : immigrants or refugees ? 
  which one is it then ? 
  financial support and funding has nothing to do with multiculturalism . 
  stop pushing your agenda into it . 
  you do realize that airports take a ton of money to properly run and maintain them ? 
  i like how you say they were n't made as kindness and then follow it up with saying that they still basically were . 
  investor directly benefits from this , you realize as much , right ? 
  about time . 
  godspeed , fellow finno-ugrians , you 're the hero europe needs . 
  i think it depends . 
  there 's been quite a few more public ones too . 
  as for the pr - getting your own guys back probably makes up for letting the `` bad guys '' go . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illegals_program#prisoner_exchange would probbly be the best example . 
  your comment has nothing to do with this discussion ? 
  and yeah , nuclear war is n't a likely scenario anyhow . 
   and , btw , our own official standing says that kohver is actually not a spy but dealt with cross-border crime and smuggling . 
  yeah no shit . 
  it 's not like they 're gon na release an official statement saying : `` oh yeah he was doing illegal spy shit there , woops ! '', 
  not saying that he was doing something other than investigating the crossborder crime thing but just pointing it out . 
  and you seem to be forgetting that we 're part of nato . 
  kapo does n't have anyone that important , russia could n't care less about dressen & simm , as they were just useful pawns for the time being . 
  they were n't even agents , just information sources . 
  allies could probably bail us out though . 
  spyswap is far more likely and profitable for russia . 
  that is if allies can provide someone for the swap . 
  miscommunication on my end then , sorry . 
  i dunno what 's your point on this as i already stated that there in fact are other roles besides front line infantry that females will be useful in . 
  while i agree and that 's what i said earlier - there 's no need for a massive amounts of support and logistics personal ( no need to have 5 logistics guys and girls for a single infantry man , if you get my point ) only , hence women 's conscription should n't be a thing until we 've made the male one as efficient as possible . 
  sure but women does n't serve in combat roles for the most part and they should n't . 
  nothing against them serving in other roles . 
  yeah because average female is as physically capable as the average male . 
  carrying 50 kilos of gear constantly etc. 
  among other reasons , see the following link for example . 
   i feel like conscription in estonia should be extended to women as well nope , we only draft around 30 % of the suitable men every year so what we need to do is increase that percentage before we make female conscription mandatory . 
  in finland that percentage is about 80 % . 
  also not to be sexist or anything but females in front line infantry does n't really help much . 
  yes i 'm aware that there 's plenty of other roles too . 
  godspeed to lithuanian goverment in not letting some crying hipsters influence them into making strategically idiotic decisions again ( since they disbanded the conscription once already ) . 
  seems unlikely that it 's a temporary measure if you take into account how much the infrastructure , bureaucracy etc. 
  to re-establish conscriptions costs and takes time . 
  just a guess though . 
   if they have chosen a professional army , they should concentrate on that . 
  they 've had it for about 7-8 years already and there 's next to no positive sides for their defence capability that has come from this . 
  sure , they do n't have to `` dump '' as much money into defence anymore but looking at their actual defence capability - it has decreased , not increased . 
   many lithuanian men need to suddenly , however , stop their lives and go serve due to politicians ' swift decisions ( who themselves will not be doing anything , of course ) . 
  that does not create trust or a feeling of stability . 
  sure , i agree on that . 
  but better to fix a bad decision ( disbanding conscription ) right now , causing some whining etc. , than when it 's too late . 
  current generation is just unfortunate in that way . 
  professional army model for baltic countries is useless . 
  we ca n't afford to host one that 's big enough on manpower to be able to hold out 'till nato arrives , since we do n't have enough people . 
  not to mention that professional army model costs times more both in general and `` internally '' aswell , internally meaning that most of the defence budget will go to paychecks rather than buying new equipment or doing military research etc. 
  it works for big and rich countries , sure . 
  although the latter issue with `` internal '' cost is also a problem in many western european armies . 
   are you suggesting that a professional standing army is useless ? 
  as in , professional soldiers are less capable than conscripts ? 
  and yeah if you compare the militaries of three baltic states , there 's little real debate about whose is the most capable ( and that 's not sayng much since even we have a lot of internal problems in our armed forces ) . 
  we combine both professional soldiers and conscripts here , btw . 
  oh and i should point out that this is n't about nationalistic dickwaving or patriotism or whatever . 
  it 's pretty much hardfacts and pretty much anyone who has a deeper knowledge in the subject would agree . 
   our professional soldiers , although there are not that many of them , are very well trained . 
  sure , no argument . 
  although as there 's so few of them , it makes little difference since defending your country 'till nato help arrives with one infantry brigade ( with a biiig minus , since it 's barely even a brigade , and has no armour with it ) is pretty much impossible . 
  not talking out of my ass here , just relaying what military experts here have written . 
   in the case of any war here between latvia and russia or nato and russia , the results would be ruinous . 
  so i do n't blame latvian politicians for focusing on trying to improve everyday life in the form of education , social welfare , pensions and so on , and not throwing money at the military . 
  i 'm not that happy , of course , but we 're all fucked if the russians decide to start a major war . 
  by that logic investing money into education or social welfare is as pointless as they 're going to be ruined anyway when a war hits . 
  therefore it makes no sense to invest money there but almost completely gut the military budget ( that 's meant to preserve your state as independent ) . 
  yeah , because of the useless professional army model in which most of the money goes to paychecks , ofcourse you ca n't really afford to advance new capabilities ( armour , artillery , mid range air defence etc. ), 
  there is money , it 's just being wasted . 
  good , hopefully local goverments go through with this . 
  i mean idiots with `` hurr hurr warmongering and provocations ! '', 
  will always whine but that does n't mean you have to listen to them . 
  not to say that weakness is the real provocation for russia , not strength . 
  1939 proves that well for us . 
  oh and latvia and lithuania ( latvia specially ) should really step their shit up not just live by the `` oh we 're in nato , so we do n't have to do anything '' creedo . 
  latvian army is a huge joke , thanks to that our forces have a real risk of being cut off and attacked from three fronts rather than two . 
  atleast lithuania re-instated conscription , i only hope that they have the backbone to keep it . 
  not to mention neither of those countries invest 2 % . 
  and yes ofcourse , our military has a lot error aswell , although atleast we never disbanded conscription which is good . 
  finally an action that justifies the e-state title we like to sport . 
  positive contrast to the at times really cringeworthy opinions on the topic ( e-state ) from leading figures , good example being : `` 4g is an actual alternative to fast fiber optic connections , therefore we should n't waste money building out the cable networks around the country '' . 
  hopefully it 'll spread around the country and wo n't be exclusive to tallinn . 
  sadly most people wo n't care about it . 
   he never said that sure but it 's pretty clearly implied . 
  4 days, 
  i would n't mind buying 'em but there 's no option to buy them for a non-outrageous price ( 490 euros per picture , 462x490 = $ 226380 ) and i 'm interested in digital versions , not prints . 
  ah , damn it . 
  i always forget about the source thingy . 
  thanks fam .
