  oh that 's pretty neat , nice addition to my collection of historic photographs !, 
  * 462 photos that have to be saved & named manually instead of being able to download a zip archive that includes them all reee * ca n't even be saved with right click , have to result to screencapping them rrreeeeeeeeee, 
  oops , having flux on while looking at tiny flags is n't the best idea . 
  my bad . 
  good for you then . 
  nothing against it being legal in germany , just do n't force it onto every country and culture . 
   condom is not that great or a pill does n't make its job chances for former not working is around 2 % and for the latter 0.1 % if used correctly and round 5 % if used more laxly . 
  http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/contraception-guide/pages/male-condoms.aspx http://www.pamf.org/teen/sex/birthcontrol/bcpill.html also emergency contraceptive pills also exist . 
  feel free to move to a country where it 's legal . 
  nobody is stopping you . 
   also like i said , poland 's current laws allow stopping real unwanted pregnancies ( e.g. 
  rape , when the woman 's life or health is endangered , when the fetus is seriously malformed ) . 
  if you just fucked a guy unprotected are now crying about abortion being illegal - too bad , your retarded life choices have consequences , deal with it . 
  de jure - sure but de facto it 's still a catholic country . 
  still does n't make women second class citizens . 
  also poland 's current laws allow abortion if : * when the woman 's life or health is endangered by the continuation of pregnancy , * when the pregnancy is a result of a criminal act , or * when the fetus is seriously malformed so all rational unwanted pregnancies are covered . 
  if you just fucked a guy unprotected are now crying about abortion being illegal - too bad , your retarded choices have consequences , deal with it . 
  also like i said , poland is a catholic country and there 's nothing wrong with them following catholic traditions . 
  no it is n't . 
  also awesome how you can defend your own point about women being second class citizens lol . 
  no it is n't . 
  we must tolerate different cultures but not the ones i dislike !!!!, 
   second class citizens aborotion is n't a human right , and the goverment rejected the total ban ( which yeah , was pretty stupid ) . 
  current laws allow abortion in case woman 's life is in danger , therefore being in accordance with the human rights to life and to receive medical aid . 
  poland is a catholic country , so there 's nothing wrong with them following catholic norms . 
  if you dislike it - move away , borders are quite open nowadays y' know . 
   second class citizens what ? 
  who are the first class then ? 
  can men have abortions ? 
  we have both professional soldiers and conscripts , it works . 
  although yes you are correct on training time . 
  still our current solution  fully professional but tiny army . 
   `` cesspool '' more like the only way to militarly defend your country . 
  actually ours too , since we 're fucked and encircled if you ca n't hold out . 
  go look at a map of your country . 
  because military experts agree that conscription is n't a viable choice . 
  read up any of leo kunnas ' articles , for example . 
  or by any other military figure , ants laaneots is a good example aswell . 
  you ca n't effectively defend estonia with 5000 soldiers . 
  ( even our current 25000 is n't enough ) . 
  not to mention that it would more expensive while most ( read pretty much all ) of the money would go maintenance and paychecks instead of modernizing the army . 
  luckily populist politicians ( j. ligi for example ) were stopped before they could make the switch , sadly mod is still full of those backwards idiots who 'd rather waste money buying minesweepers instead of coastal defences or minelayers ( ca n't be bothered to look up the correct term atm ) and openly state that nvgs and red dot sights are n't relevant on the modern battlefield . 
  conscription !, 
  = rushing enemy with human waves . 
   hard and fast lol . 
  military invasions of an entire country need a lot of preplanning and logistics . 
  troop movements etc would be spotted one way or the other . 
  so that argument falls flat pretty quickly . 
  except finland 's or israeli conscription army beats the `` professional army '' of latvia or some other similar state easily . 
  even we could do it . 
  professional army does n't work if you 're a small country . 
  good luck defending against russia with your 5000 troops , lol . 
  and some history : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_invasion_of_panama us defeates the professional army of panama ( which they actually helped to train etc ) in a month , losing 23 men . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_kuwait iraq steamrolls the professional military of kuwait and occupies the country in 2 days . 
   exactly . 
  it 's not like estonia or lithuania can , by themselves , stop a russian invasion , regardless of how ready are the people . 
  having good allies is what really matters . 
  point of our military is to hold them off until nato help arrives , ofcourse we ca n't fight them off by ourselves . 
   this is why i support a unified european army . 
  we ca n't rely always on the americans , western europeans are even less trustworthy . 
  slaved to russian gas and so on . 
  nordstream is a good example of them showing their true colours . 
  because we live next to russia , nitwit . 
  professional army also is n't feasable for baltics . 
  estonian yearly pull is fucked though and it should be much higher . 
   as does it 's neighbours . 
  no they do n't . 
  nobody trains for open invasion of russia . 
  all nato exercises in baltics etc. 
  has been defensive warfare . 
   quite easily frankly . 
  russia is nowhere near the monster that people want to imagine . 
  except it trains for the invasion of its neighbours and literally invades their a bit more unfortunate neighbours . 
  but yeah , they 're totally a nothing to worry about . 
   are you trying to say the eu does n't have that money ? 
  of course technically eu has the money but you ca n't suddenly pull 550 billion euros out of your ass and have the states remain operating in a stable way . 
   the eu would only be something that is self-defence/peace keeping based . 
  good luck defending against russia with your `` peacekeeping based army '' . 
   iraq and afghanistan ? 
  still better than sucking your thumbs back at home . 
  not to mention that for testing new weaponry etc. 
  - it 's perfect . 
   and yet you 're the one who brought it up lol . 
  nice way to take half of my sentence out of context . 
  shows you 're really grasping at straws . 
   the eu could easily match the funding . 
  are you saying eu could easily start spending 600 billion dollars on defence even though currently they 're spending close to 150 billion ( uk excluded ) ? 
  got ta say : good points actually , i somewhat agree . 
   what if tomorrow strategists determine a way to end the syrian civil war through military operations , but for that you 'd need at least 150000 troops , and the americans and russians do n't want to take care of it . 
  somehow it 's the americans and russians most actively participating in clearing it up while eu ca n't even figure out how to handle the refugees . 
  us just recently announced that special forces will be deployed there . 
   that means we are not free to act as we please . 
  in that case , neither are they . 
   nato is not evolving like eu so i dont have high hopes for better results . 
  and who can we blame for that ? 
  i 'd like to point out that us is the main innovator and force pushing nato forwards while europeans favour stagnacy to avoid pissing off russia , for example . 
   i 'm going to have to require some proof of that . 
  proof ? 
  look at the us military lol . 
  do you seriously think germany or france could go toe-to-toe with them and win ?
