  uncouncious russian/bruessels shills are especially funny since they do n't even pay you to write this crap and you do it anyway . 
  good-good . 
   the eu has already began plans to build their own army and will not be needing the nato anymore . 
  the big countries in europe do n't need the nato . 
  lol , big countries in europe would be fucked without us support . 
  their own militaries are neutered and nearly useless in actual conventional warfare . 
   the big countries in europe do n't need the nato . 
  except uk is strongly against eu army . 
   their national security is at risk lol , nato is going to launch an invasion of russian territory . 
  that 's a likely scenario . 
  poor ol' russians are just trying to safeguard their land :( ( ( ( i guess that 's also why they protested missile shields ( 100 % defensive ) in eastern europe . 
  that 's definitely something a peaceful country would care about . 
   and it is us jets that intercepted them in europe !!, 
  nato jets in europe , what a controversy wow !, 
   us violating air space wow , two instances one of which is yeah and actual fuckup by us and second literally being an accident , if you 'd bother to read the article . 
  meanwhile russian fighters are constantly violating air space in estonia and flying without transponders , refusing to communicate therefore endangering civilian aircraft . 
  good try though . 
   in september 2014 , the bundeswehr acknowledged chronic equipment problems that rendered its armed forces `` unable deliver its defensive nato promises '' . 
  among the problems cited were dysfunctional weapons systems , armored vehicles , aircraft , and naval vessels unfit for immediate service due to a neglect of maintenance , and serious equipment and spare parts shortages . 
  the situation was so dire that it was acknowledged that most of germany 's fighter aircraft and combat helicopters were not in deployable condition . 
   you are actually stupid if you think russia cares more about how you perceive them when their national security is at risk read reports and articles by diplomats and military personnel . 
    russia is not a threat to europe . 
  stay delusionalm , good-good . 
  russia is totally harmless . 
  : ^ )  it should be spend on fighting terrorism if you think the eu army should be built to fight terrorism - please just stop talking . 
  only real point for a joint eu army would be to counter russians , the only real and credible threat to europe . 
  but yeah , that phrase pretty much proves you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  also the fact that you think an entire military should focus on fighting terrorism ( which is done by internal security agencies and special forces ) is hilarious . 
   instead of wasting money on the nato confirmed idiot . 
  these countries barely invest anything into defense as it is . 
  also please , please elaborate what constitutes as `` wasting money on nato '' and how the same expenses would n't still have to be paid in case of eu army . 
   one indication that almost all do n't like the nato is the fact that only about two countries pay the 2 % budget quota for it . 
  except it 's five . 
  us , greece , uk , estonia & poland . 
  uk & poland being pretty notable players . 
  so it 's more because populist politicians in france & germany have cut their budgets to fund welfare and other populist shit . 
   zapad is a defensive drill . 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exercise_zapad-99 ) this is probably the funniest part of you entire post . 
  also the saddest . 
   the zapad exercises simulated an invasion of poland in response to belarus being attacked by poland and lithuania . 
  this included the simulation of a tactical nuclear strike on warsaw by russian and belarusian forces . 
   the location of the exercises was particularly notable because they were conducted in the middle of the north european plain , the traditional invasion route to and from russia . 
  moreover , the target states of the exercise -- poland and the baltic states -- were the most resistant to russian influence and most supportive of increased commitment from the european union and nato in the region , which moscow wished to undermine . 
  source : https://www.stratfor.com/analysis/zapad-exercises-russia-flexes-its-military-strength  tactical nuclear attacks were simulated during the different zapad exercises . 
  source : http://www.cicerofoundation.org/lectures/marcel_h_van_herpen_russia_nuclear_threats_baltics.pdf  `` the very aggressive posture during ... zapad caused much concern among the baltic states for whom article 5 really matters , '' said one senior western official on condition of anonymity . 
  source : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-nato-strains-idusbre9a006620131101, 
  hard to take lessons from someone this delusional . 
   guantamo bay belongs to cuba and is illegally occupied . 
  not relevant to our discussion , also :   the united states assumed territorial control over the southern portion of guant\u00e1namo bay under the 1903 cuban -- american treaty of relations . 
  [ 1 ] the united states exercises complete jurisdiction and control over this territory , while recognizing that cuba retains ultimate sovereignty  russia is not a threat to europe . 
  yes they are , nice delusions though . 
   every country have their own zapad exercise.zapad is about defending the country too other countries ( except for north korea probably ) do n't openly practice the invasion of their neighbours . 
  and nope , defensive exercises are n't the same thing . 
   what you referred to was about destroying nuclear warheads in poland which are directed at moscow ( and still are to this very day ) you 're not even presenting an argument here . 
  russia has nuclear warheads pointed at washington & london . 
  your point ? 
   if a neighbor points a gun at my door from his window , i am going to make sure he knows he will be losing more . 
  once again - what 's your point ? 
  nuclear standoff was n't singlehandedly started by nato or us . 
  you just described the essence of nuclear deterrence ( which works ) , good job . 
  also if you think removing nuclear weapons from europe will cause russia to back off - lol , how delusional can you get ? 
  try reading some articles and opinions from experts , russia respects strength not weakness . 
  if anything that will be a sign that they can go even further and face no consequences . 
   crimea was russia 's guantamo bay . 
  haha , no it was n't . 
  `` hurr it was part of soviet union '' is n't an argument . 
  referendum has been prove to been manipulated and tampered with . 
   the us is the biggest financial contributor of the nato . 
  yes there are other countries involved but it is the us pulling the strings . 
  lol , maybe it 's about time for europe to start paying their dues and become more relevant in decision making then . 
  current leadership position by us is the fault of their own doing . 
  crying about us leader role while investing 0.01 % of your gdp is pretty hilarious . 
  also that graph is wrong as uk & poland also pay over 2 % . 
  wow , i thought your original post was kinda dumb but now you 've really jumped the shark . 
  also thanks for proving that the average eu army supporter has no grasp on the subject . 
   f i had nato putting nuclear warheads around my border and getting closer every year , i too will mobilize my troops within my borders b/c that is what sovereignty means . 
   as a matter of fact , the nato has been escalating the situation by pushing russia to the wall lol . 
  russia has been having military exercises ( zapad ) where they openly practice attacking and occupying baltics & poland . 
  also have you taken a look at their foreign policy and actions in general ? 
  georgia , ukraine , constantly violating our air space , military jets flying without transponders , kidnapping our security officers etc. 
   if they wanted to attack europe , they would already have done it by now . 
  they 've been covertly attacking for years . 
  putin is n't stupid nor suicidal . 
   how many years has it been since the cold war ended ? 
  new cold war has been on for years . 
   but every year , the nato keeps warning us about russia . 
  with good reason . 
  i bet you think main threat to europe is isis . 
   the us ' interest come first to them nice delusions . 
  obviously an institution , that 's made up of most of europe ( including big boys like uk , france & germany ) , is under the sole dictatorship of usa . 
  that makes perfect sense . 
  also as i 've stated : if european countries want more influence - contribute more to nato . 
   so they have no problem stirring shit on the continent as long as their missiles get closer to moscow more delusions . 
  usa has been shifting their focus to asia for awhile , they 're pretty much forced to keep forces in europe because the rest of nato is unable to step up and take their role here . 
  touche . 
  have you looked at russia 's activity lately ? 
  do you think they would 've attacked ukraine if it still had nuclear weapons ? 
  also the concept of nuclear deterrence is all but outdated in general , specially in europe where nato is lacking in terms of conventional warfare and related logistics . 
  what ? 
  if last comment left you confused ( i do n't know how or why ) - i was talking from estonia 's perspective .
