  look at their spending . 
  look at their experience . 
  if you want raw statistics - http://www.globalfirepower.com/armor-tanks-total.asp http://www.globalfirepower.com/active-military-manpower.asp http://www.globalfirepower.com/active-reserve-military-manpower.asp http://www.globalfirepower.com/aircraft-total.asp http://www.globalfirepower.com/armor-apc-total.asp http://www.globalfirepower.com/navy-ships.asp http://www.globalfirepower.com/aircraft-helicopters-total.asp http://www.globalfirepower.com/defense-spending-budget.asp and so on . 
   yea that 's a total joke . 
  european countries already outspend the us massively in terms of defence in europe . 
  show you have very little understanding of the subject , sorry . 
  just spending does n't mean shit , most of europe 's budget goes to useless fields like personnel costs which do n't contribute anything to developing the army into a more modern and stronger fighting force . 
   between 2006 and 2010 , eu pms spent half of their aggregated defence budget on personnel ( civilian and military staff ) . 
  in the us , personnel costs represented slightly less than one third of total defence spending during the same period . 
   european countries need more ways to intervene in conflicts with cooperation in situations that sometime do not relate to defense of your territories . 
  what are the un security council & peacekeeping missions ? 
  also i remember france being able to intervene in mali just fine without an european army . 
   also it seems pretty evident we should have our own means to pack a punch without constant us watch . 
  i do n't understand this attitude . 
  if you ca n't become relevant enough in nato to pack a punch , why would you suddenly be able to do it without us 's ( world expert at packing punches ) guidance and assistance ? 
  if you want someone to blame - blame your own politicians , not nato & us . 
  without us , baltics still would n't have a defense plan . 
   attempts by general john craddock , to push through defence planning for the baltic were stymied by german-led opposition in western europe , anxious to avoid upsetting the kremlin.the policy shift was decided by senior military officials rather than nato 's top decision-taking body , the north atlantic council , in order to avoid repeating the splits and disputes on the issue over the past five years . 
  the plan entails grouping the baltic states with poland in a new regional defence scheme that has been worked on in recent months and is codenamed eagle guardian . 
   during intense -- if discreet -- diplomacy last year , the resistance was overcome by the americans , and the new policy was tabled as a joint us-german move . 
  except european states are n't able to function as a , seperate but at the same time equally strong , nato equivalent . 
  simplest reason being that eu will never be able to match us ' funding , experience , manpower and technology . 
  more complex ones ( western europeans too scared to counter russia etc. ), 
  have been pointed out already . 
  but wmds were found in iraq . 
  http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/bombshell-new-york-times-reports-wmds-found-iraq/ http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/10/14/world/middleeast/us-casualties-of-iraq-chemical-weapons.html?_r=1, 
  while you 're actually quite correct - germany would still have to take one of the leader roles in the european army ( considering they have one of the largest militaries and are a regional power ) , especially in the `` eastern theatre '' . 
  so i 'd rather have us at the head of the table than them , even though i do n't have any personal bias against you guys . 
  in theory yes , single united army would probably be the best solution . 
  got ta agree on that . 
  realistically - it 's pretty much impossible for awhile . 
   as for nato . 
  the thing with nato is that it is too reliant on the us . 
  remember big nations call the shots and the us is just too big compared to the rest . 
  if we base all our cooperation on nato and the us refuses to play ball you 're kind of done . 
  i agree . 
  isolationistic us would be a major problem for nato , but we 're already having that problem in western europe where :  some of germany 's fundamental post-war mentalities make such a military leader role supremely unlikely if not downright impossible . 
  better not expect a herbivore to become a predator and go hunt some prey . 
  ( thanks / u/cs _ thor )  dependence on russia for gas etc. 
  are already serious issues and have resulted in stuff like defence plans for baltics being stymied to avoid upsetting russia ( who has repeatedly exercised the invasion of baltics & poland , is rapidly modernizing their military etc ) doubt those problems will go away with the creation of european army . 
   how the fuck is a country like belgium or the netherlands supposed to do that ? 
  we do n't have the population either . 
  sorry for my poor wording , that statement was aimed mostly at big countries of europe . 
  as for smaller countries - nobody expects you to have an army of hundreds of thousands . 
  so what you can do is minmax for maximum efficiency and continue co-operating through nato . 
  strategic-level stuff is n't something you should worry about anyway ( unless germans decide to invade you again ) because that 's the task of by relevant nato planning groups . 
  although strategic stuff is often hindered by the attitude of western europe :  attempts by general john craddock to push through defence planning for the baltic were stymied by german-led opposition in western europe , anxious to avoid upsetting the kremlin . 
  also that cancerous attitude the is main reason why there really has n't been large-scale exercises of moving equipment , troops etc. 
  ( russia does that regularly , btw ) despite logistics being a critical part of warfare . 
  --  which is exactly why a european army would be a good idea in my pov . 
  conscription army can still be pretty good , look at israel or finland . 
  their militaries are very good & competent for small countries . 
  as for baltics - conscription is probably the only choice due to our location . 
  also if there 's support from nato - no eu army is needed . 
  also as the initial `` shield '' ( which is the entire point of our military , we will never be able to singlehandedly fight russia ) i trust my countrymen ( for obvious reasons ) over random europeans who might see little reason to fight or die for just another small country . 
  no offence intended . 
  misquote , i presume ? 
  happens to the best of us , m8 . 
  but juuust in case it 's not - that 's literally what i said and what already is being done through nato . 
   not every eu member is in nato . 
  so instead of creating another institution , focus should be on getting those countries to join nato aswell . 
  considering most of europe is already a member . 
   i do n't really like to be relying on the us . 
  which in the case of nato kind of is . 
  only because big boys ( with the exception of uk perhaps ) in europe are n't competent enough to rely on them . 
  so if you want less us influence - make yourself `` great again '' so your neighbours would n't have to solely rely on the us . 
   not all personnel are soldiers a lot of it is back office like logistics which you could do together . 
  sure but that should already happen to nato . 
  so again , instead of creating a new institution , focus should be on improving that situation and those problems . 
   professional army  conscription army history has shown . 
  professional army wo n't work for baltics . 
  we do n't have the funds , nor the population to have one that would actually be worth it 's salt . 
  so for us , it 's the opposite . 
  but for big countries like germany etc - sure , i agree with you . 
  also speaking of history : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_invasion_of_panama us defeates the professional army of panama ( which they actually helped to train etc ) in a month , losing 23 men . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_kuwait iraq steamrolls the professional military of kuwait and occupies the country in 2 days . 
   i agree but still if we invest in defense our army wo n't become that much more than it already is by that i mostly meant that the main players ( germany & france mainly ) of europe should do that . 
  and it 's fine if you have a small military , because during wartime it will function as part of coalition forces . 
  we do n't need another identical structure to nato . 
  all of those things can and are being be done through nato . 
  like combining them and gaining extra competence for example . 
  example would be how we focus on developing our land forces while relaying on allies for an air force , because maintaining and owning our own fighter jets etc. 
  is n't feasible . 
   we can save a substantial amount of money why would that save any money ? 
  soldiers in the european army wo n't need to be paid etc ? 
  majority ( 2/3 's ) of current eu military spending are personnel costs . 
  and the combined arms things you mentioned is already being done through nato . 
   we can also start developing some more eu weaponry so we are not as reliant on the us as we are now . 
  you can actually start by stopping to neglect and budgetfuck of your armed forces and investing into your military . 
  it works , uk , poland , greece , us & lithuania ( they scrapped their useless `` professional army '' and went back to conscription ) are actually already doing it too . 
  second round failed , election goes back to parliament for the third round . 
  due to ~ 50 unmarked ballots ( allowed maximum is 32 ) . 
  stupid circus and shows that the current election system is garbage . 
  touche . 
  glad we can agree on this . 
  crimean referendum has been proven to be manipulated . 
  as was the last referendum back in 1940 where all of estonian population really wanted to join russia . 
  it obviously wo n't be a open head-on assault , more similar to crimea scenario . 
  so only lols here will be on you . 
  your delusions are pretty funny to read .
