  usually it is only like `` wan na have a fika '' to which the only acceptable answer is `` yes '' . 
  you know when you go for a coffee ? 
  it is kinda like that , but you also get something sweet , like a custard filled danish pastry or something similar . 
  i would never use any language but english on my computers/tablets/phones , it makes is far easier to find help when things go wrong, 
  the sea border combined with the colonial history is probably a very large part of it yeah ... 
  it seems that the uk is still comming to terms with not being a colonial power anymore ( at least in my laymans understanding ) . 
  i like the uk and it makes me sad to see it going through brexit . 
  i will travel to london in march for three days for work , and doubt it will be the last . 
  i have a question though , i do n't mean to be rude , but to me it seems like people in the uk do n't see themselves as european , i hear people talking about `` european behaviour '' and `` going to europe '' . 
  i ca n't recall any time i have heard a swede talking about `` europ\u00e9iskt bet\u00e9ende '' or that someone would visit europe , we tend to say which country we are going to . 
  i might be wrong , if so please correct me . 
  anyway , i wish you all the best of luck , but also hope that the eu will stay firm . 
  there are plenty in stockholm , they only arrived a few years ago , but are a common sight today . 
  it is so obvious that they are organized , i have seen neggars being lead to the train by their boss so they can travel out to suburban areas around stockholm , you can see them sitting next to supermarkets far from any public transport and being picked up by their boss in a car . 
  yet people still see them as homeless and helpless . 
  sweden even arranged for busses to take them back to their own coutries as a way to reduce their numbers , but those were quickly intergrated into their network , it just made it more profitable begging in sweden as the ride back was free ... 
  i have not heard of busses in a while now , but gypsies are still comming . 
  even though reputable organizations have gone out in media asking people not to give money to them , people still do , mostly moms and elderly women in my experience . 
  sweden , we use ordinary cars from all the major companies , we do have laws mandating which tyres you can use at what time of the year . 
  i live north of stockholm , the roads are plowed and gritted eatch winter and we use winter tyres . 
  freeze to death in spain ... yeah ... 
  we have none , wage is regulated between the employers and unions, 
  i am a swede , born here and grew up here . 
  my parrents are also swedes , but we all speak english with a kind of generic uk/english accent , and people have asked several times if we are from the uk , and all get suprised to learn that we are swedish . 
  for me it is the reverse , i use my non-stick ceramic mostly , and only occasionly use cast iton, 
  i visited a cool bathroom by the cafeteria at my sister 's university , there was two doors , ine with the symbol for a man and one with a woman sign . 
  at the time i visited it i was attending my the graduation ball . 
  i had to unload , opened the male door and was greeted by a room full of men and women , all in tuxedoes/evening dresses . 
  the doors both lead into same central wash room with the toilets spread out in small rooms on both sides . 
  the confusion i felt for a few minutes was very real , yet my happyness just grew as i saw men and women chatting along nicely while waiting . 
  no , it is not sten , papper , sax . 
  nor is it sten , p\u00e5se , sax . 
  it is sten , sax , p\u00e5se . 
  the hunting lobby is among the strongest lobbying organisations in sweden , most people probably know a hunter in some regard . 
  my uncles and a cousin are all hunters , and usually serve meat from animals they shot themselves . 
  master card/visa are accepted almost everywhere , but make sure to get a chip card , they are more secure and a lot of places do n't accept a magstripe anymore . 
  hair colour will be fine , people might look twice out in the counrty , but else wo n't really be a problem . 
  i saw a good yt video about how to looks less of a tourist , i ca n't find the video now , but it was on the wolters world channel , he recomended to buy clothes where the locals do . 
  you 'll fit in better with some local everyday clothes , that will make a way bigger impact on you being seen as a target or not . 
  the entity will probably survive in one shape or another , what role it will play or how it operates will probably change . 
  that happened on roslagsbanan , a narrow gauge railroad serving the north east suburbs , and it is pretty much as you say , someone at sl ( who probably has no practical experience running a railroad other than admin tasks ) forgot about it or though it an unneeded expence as it had n't snowed much in a few years . 
  so when we got way more snow than we had for a long time they had to work with what they had , a track clearing machine from 1909 together with an electric power car from 1934 to serve as the engine . 
  yeah , perhaps palme was a bit too controversial to be concidered a great leader ... 
  but reinfeldt ? 
  i ca n't picture him as a great leader ... 
  but i agree with you on per-albin and tage, 
  i have not given up , but i am facing reality, 
  yeah , same goes for most nations/big cities , it is not unique to sweden ... 
  i do n't know if he was the best at his job , but he really left an impact ... olof palme the really sad thing is that he was killed by a gunman in 1986 , but the ( still ongoing ) investigation have n't been able to find the killer , there have been loads of suspects , but due to police error no one have so far been proven guilty . 
  i was born the year after his death , so i never experienced him in office , but i have heard recordings of his speeches , and he knew how to use words well ... 
  it is not uncommon to see the sign for a skyddsrum above the entrance door to an apartment building built during the cold war , but few new apartment buildings have the sign up today , not sure if the basement areas are designed as a shealter and they just never put the sign up or if it is too expensive to build it like that anymore . 
  i do know that most underground metro stations in stockholm are designed to work as shealterd , if you look closely you can spot where shrapnel shields can be installed , you can also see where long sinks can be installed , and one last detail , all underground stations have a wired phone which can be used to contact other stations . 
  i do n't drink alot of tea in my daily life , but my current favourite is twinnings lady gray, 
  intrestingly , i have only been to london once , but to the uk more than i can remember, 
  so we put a lawless wasteland to the south of sweden ... hummm , not much of a difference really ... 
  i do n't like coffee ... 
  iaf = i alla fall = in any case, 
  swedish passports used to be black/very dark blue, 
  oh definately !, 
  kids do n't get hyperactive due to sugar , that has been disproven . 
  annoying shit, 
  definately , my camera broke whwn i moved last time , i had no camera on my last vacation it was such a freedom , sure i miss not having photos , but i have this fantastic stone vase and a few glass sculptures to remember it by, 
  glad to have something in common with you ( :, 
  as are you ( :, 
  do n't stand in the middle of the fucking sidewalk taking photos , when taking a photo , begin by walking up to the closes wall , take out the camera and make it ready to take a photo , locate the target . 
  look around to see if other people are walking by , when the area is clear , take a quick step out , take the photo , step back , all don, 
  should we really be compared with denmark , i mean , they are just so bad at everything ... 
  denmark is often regarded as the rival of sweden , that is incorrect , no one that idiotic could ever be our rival !, 
  lynx is a large cat what that is shy and will avoid humans as it can , but if cornered can kill a person , they are super cute though : http://bilderochfakta.se/djur/kattdjur/lodjur the page contains a slideshow of the pictures, 
  sweden have wolves , lynx , bears , adders and moose . 
  they seldom attack unprovoked but are all capable of killing a person . 
  i believe the deadliest is the moose , when a car crashes into one almost the entire mass of the animal lands directly on top of the windsheild , which often caves in . 
  i have been seconds from crashing into a moose , me and dad were going down the back roads from the suburbs of uppsala to the suburbs of stockholm , i think we were going 70-80km / h there was a car comming towards us , when suddenly my dad twisted the wheel sverwing into the path of the oncomming car and the back to our side of the road , during this manuver , i see a large moose on our side of the road . 
  there would have been no time to stop in time ... 
  i am sad that you did n't read what i wrote , but read what you wanted to read , please reread my post and let it sink in for 30 min then read it again while typing a reply . 
  i never said that i believe europe to be the best place in every way , what i might have said is that i would not want to live in the us , you never asked why not . 
  this stops the discussion in it 's tracks . 
  i whish you all the best and hope to see you in europe some day , not because i believe you to be wrong , but as i see it you are misinformed about europe just as i am about the us . 
  please take you time and consider your response , i want nothing more that to have a good discussion instead of a shouting match . 
  most people in sweden are positive towards the us , what get on our nevres is when people from the us makes incorrect statements about us and treat that as fact . 
  now i know that we also do that when talking about the us , but there are also a lot of people in the us who believe the us system best in every way , which can be proven wrong . 
  also we dislike it when you expect things in sweden to work like they do in the us , calm down and enjoy a new way of doing things , it might not be the best or most efficient way , it could also be worse than in the us , but it is our way , we like it , we are not going to change just to suit your needs . 
  when i went to germany , i did n't expect things to be like sweden , it is part of the advnture , to see what sollutions one culture have developed to solve everyday problems . 
  berlin 's underground system is different from stockholm , it is facinating to see all small changes to the infrastructure system and after a while you understand what was their priority and realize that it makes sense . 
  if you look at different places and different cultures you might see things that can improve your home country as well , which is what we all should strive for , make our home the best , if it already is the best then there is stagnation and the society will fall behind . 
  what i am trying to say is , by asking a loaded question you have stopped a debate , this thread will go nowhere . 
  finaly i want to say , i ca n't wait till i get to visit , there are loads of interesting things i 'd like to see , amazing museums , fantastic land scapes interesting science . 
  but i do n't want to live there , i am sure it is a good place to live , but it is n't the best place for me , it still have a lot to learn , as do all nations . 
  if someone says you are wrong , ask them to explain , you just might find something you like . 
  they hold up ok , sure , there are issues during the winter with switch points being stuck due to ice and understaffing , but the actualy technology works ok . 
  especially when you consider the operating envelope , -40 c in the north during winter to +35 c in the summer , while also dealing with snow , rain and rally hot days . 
  the railroads tracks are laid out and then welded together , apparently that makes it very strong and makes it able to cope with most temperature swings . 
  the biggest problem is often slippery tracks in the autumn due to leaves on the track , i 've been on a train that had to revers to get a good run up to be able to cimb a small incline . 
  the biggest discomfort is the lack of ac in many buses and trains during the summer . 
  damn , that is even worse than here , but yeah the seasons are nice, 
  in sweden hate speech is illegal , though it is listed as hets mot folkgrupp , inticement against a people . 
  while you can express your belief that bhuddists/musilms/christians / jews/jedi are the scum of the earth , you ca n't start calling for people to kill/harm them . 
  ( this is what i was tought in school many years ago , it might have changed , or i could be misremembering the finer details ), 
  i suspect you are in rome , and should you lose your passport , then you can contact the us embassy , you are not the first one to loose a passport when traveling , nor will you be the last one , there are procedures and developed routines to get a temp passport . 
  the only way this could ruin the trip is if you let it , do n't strees about it should it happen .
