  but yeah , if the governmemt starts doing deep packet inspection and ssl inspection on all citizens , then it is time to take action, 
  i am describing a worst case scenario , but it is not impossible , for the government to do that . 
  do i believe that it will happen ? 
  no , it would be stopped before it got this far , but is it technically possible ? 
  yes , it is . 
  no , you just have to track all traffic at the isp , they can see the traffic from your computer , and they can drop the packages as soon as they reach the isp . 
  please note that i am describing a worst case scenario , where anything that ca n't be read is instantly dropped . 
  tunneling does not matter , they can still see encrypted traffic coming from your connection , that is all they need in this case, 
  hehe , yep that is a strawman , and it actually irrelevant , your can say what you want about bankers , those fat cats in their limos with tinted windows , but it is not the main issue . 
  without crypto normal people would not be able to use online banking securely , they would not be able to do online shopping or even trust that website has not been altered on it 's way from the server to the computer/tablet/phone, 
  they could simply drop anything they could n't read ... 
  i am not advocating any regulations , but saying that it is impossible/wouldn ' t stop normal use means that you underestimate the power of the government . 
  the problem is that while you might no have anything to hide right now , the government might change what is defined as bad , also you do n't know what they are seeing , and if they are misinterpreting your actions . 
  i get buzzfeed-vibes from them ... 
  i 'm not calling them buzzfeed , but the feel similar ... 
  not really , they could build a `` great firewall of the uk '' which would do deep packet inspection and drop packets with illegal protocols , they could also trace it back to the owner of the connection and prosecute them if they wanted . 
  what i mean is that without crypto , modern society will collapse . 
  unbreakable crypto is nothing new , one-time pads where used extensively in the cold war , correctly implemented and used it is completely unbreakable . 
  crypto is the cornerstone of the internet , to ban crypto is to move back to the 80 's in terms of computing , it would destroy online business , banking and infrastructure . 
  it is laughable ( and scary ) to even hint at the idea . 
  i 'll be honest , i have n't read the article , i do not like boingboing , and my post refer to the banning of crypto in general . 
  in this case i mean establishing their relationship with extremist organisations, 
  it is a very difficult question , one that i have no real answer to ... sure we could round everyone up , but that could very easily lead to more people turning to terror as revenge . 
  it is a loose-loose situation , we just need to find the least worst sollution ... 
  there should be no difference in the vetting process , what happenes later , that is the real question, 
  oh definately !, 
  i am convinced that nuclear power is the only realistic way forward , unless humanity is prepared to give up our current way of living . 
  i just ca n't take greenpeace seriously , they are not that green nor are they peaceful ... 
  nah , it is actually / r/cableporn or / r/cablefail, 
  norway did have breivik , not the same motive , but a horrible act none the less ... 
  i am not sure that we should though ... 
  if we give them stuff for free just because it causes the local industry to have to compete with ( probably ) higher quality goods being give for free . 
  what we should do is to offer education , that way it will enable them to help themselves when they get educated people back . 
  there is one huge problem though , corruption , an educated workforce will mean little without the backing of a stable and fair government that leads . 
  solving corruption is not something i have an answer to , but with an educated people the government will have a harder time hiding it , and might reduce it in total . 
  please note , this is just my opinoin , i do not claim this to be fact , just my beliefs . 
  feel free to disagree , but please keep it civil . 
  and another 15 min for the friendly local ministry of truth co-operation officers to knock on your door . 
  it looks lovely !, 
  ( : it is funny how much influence there are between the architecture between paris and stockholm , i was just out for lunch and the area around the office and it is heavily influenced by paris . 
  the area i am referring to is the area around stureplan : http://cdn.stureplansgruppen.se/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/mno_6568.jpg this is not my photo , but a very recent one . 
  kebab pizza is a brilliant swedish combination of middle eastern and italian food , this is the clear winner, 
  this video is very relevant to your post , it is also as funny as it is terrifying . 
  no , it wo n't ... updating you own personal machine is very different than updating an entire office worth of computers . 
  then the problem becomes verifying that your software works with the new patch , making sure you have a roll back procedure for individual patches and centralizing administration . 
  one thing i have noted about the uk for a long time , they often talk about europe as if they are not part if it ... `` i was traveling in europe this summer ... '' `` i got a package from europe ... '' here in sweden , most people refer to the country in these casss , but uk uses an expression that makes europe seem like a far far away place . 
  you know why ... 
  what do you say about a cooperation instead ? 
  should be unbeatable ... 
  if people start accepting that data is treated differently depending of which service is used , it will be much easier to move ( slowly ) to a new business model where telcos sell internet access like cable tv . 
  with pakages of sites like google , facebook , reddit , wikipedia , youtube , netflix , google music , spotify , amazon , bing and even local sites are combined in different packs , like cable tv . 
  this would be horrible , and must be stomped out now , to stop customers becomming used to it . 
  also , as telcos charge a different price for access to different sites/services , the traffic will be driven to large monoliths , and new/niche services will be at a disadvantage , at best , people ignore the difference in cost , at worst this kind of shit could stagnate the development of the internet . 
  i am not saying that any of this will happen , but i do n't want to risk it . 
  the idea is that the content you are trying to access should be irrelevant to the operator . 
  they should only be concerned with your connection to the internet , not what you are doing there . 
  damn it , they just had to make the rule toothless , did n't they ? 
  thanks for the link to the reporting site !, 
  damn it ) :, 
  luckily you do have some sense and wo n't copy everything ( :, 
  damn ... 
  the most you can buy at telia in sweden i 100gb data/month for 739sek ... 
  which means that while the regulations are not completely useless , they are close to ... 
  sweet , earlier this winter it was with a heavy heart i cancelled my unlimited mobile broadband connection , it had no calls enabled , was only 3g telenor had started to increase the cost , and i never used it . 
  i can have way more fun with 366 sek than paying for something i do n't use ... 
  oh , read too fast hehe , that makes sense !, 
  damn , that is awesome , is that a phone subscription or just a mobile broadband plan ? 
  i am sure that must be a typo ( :, 
  is that mobile ? 
  in sweden this is an unfortunate reality of using a mobile phone ) :, 
  the problem is that it makes accessing the internet closer to a cable tv , sure it might be great now , but once they start treating websites/services as channels , the step to selling a limited internet service is much smaller . 
  imagine a future , were you no longer buy an internet connection based on speed , but based on the sites you want to have access to . 
  you 'll get to buy a base package , with google , facebook , imgur , reddit and spotify , but nothing more . 
  then you can updated to the media premium pack , you get the base , and youtube , netflix , hbo and amazon prime . 
  you might want the shopaholic package , base + amazon , ebay and some other select shops . 
  the stay informed pack : base + cnn , fox , cnbc , wall street journal . 
  the international news pack : base + cnn , bbc , other select news channels . 
  the artist : base + deviantart , 1000words , soundcloud , instagram , youtube . 
  i do n't even want to risk this becomming a reality , this has to be stomped out now , we need to show the operators that we will not accept anything but a completly neutral infrastructure in the internet, 
  oh , do you have source for that ? 
  i do n't mean to sound snarky , i am actually interested in seing the actual rules , and how open to interpretation they are, 
  last i heard they were still doing it ... 
  i just wished swedish mobile operators would follow the laws ... telia and tre both have made it so that accessing some sites/services will not count towards your datacap . 
  tre is more focused on music , and telia is more focues on social media . 
  the railroad you see is part of the herritage railroad \u00d6slj , a 600mm railroad . 
  they still use steam engines and do have a royal car that they sometimes bring out for the king if he is in the area and fancy a ride . 
  the railroad you see is part of the herritage railroad \u00d6slj , a 600mm railroad . 
  they still use steam engines and do have a royal car that they sometimes bring out for the king if he is in the area and fancy a ride . 
  if the revenue from selling their product reduces , then the company have less money to use to increase wages , also if the cost of living goes down , there is less incentive to increase wages . 
  thank you for the long post !, 
  it will be intresting to see what will come out of this meeting . 
  as a sidenote , i find it intresting that both parties speak the others language , it is something we seldom see today , it is usually either their native language or english in my experience . 
  if the frech monarchy still existed ib a way similar to the nordics and the uk , i do belive that tourism revenue would be even higher . 
  but , we lack data either way ... 
  now , i have to rewatch the video again , and if he claims that , then yeah that is completely idiotic . 
  but i do have a hard tine believing that a country would not see a reduction in revenue from tourists if the monarchy were gotten rid of . 
  weather that reduction would be larger than the cost of maintaining the monarchy , that is the important question , i believe our monarchy is a net positive , i may be wrong , but data either way is hard to find . 
  here you go , a good video to show the cost and revenue generated by the brittish royal family : https://youtu.be/bhyygnhhkfw, 
  yeah , this is good and will hopefully mean more nuclear power plants, 
  i know there are solutions , but i feel like the problem should not need to exist at all ... to be it seems like the main reason behind the contactless part of the new cards/readers are primarily designed for the merchant , not having an active physical connection will obviously increase the durability of the terminal making it cheaper over time .
