  they continue to drive people to use adblockers and will not understand what the problem is . 
  i certainly see what you mean about individuality , and that might well have become the primary reason for doing it . 
  i look at it this way , it is probably cheaper to shave the heads of the recruits to combat lice than the other alternatives . 
  so yeah while the primary reason probably is to reduce the individuality it also serves its original function . 
  is n't shaved heads in the military meant to reduce the problems with lice ? 
  same as some politician in sweden argued that there were no swedish culture ... 
  i terminated an unlimited 3g subscription earlier this week ... 
  i never used it and it only cost money , it was a mobile broadband subscription with no telephone access . 
  it cost 360 sek/month, 
  i just found out where to check the date , it was taken around 17:45, 
  sorry for the late reply , i do n't have the exact time , but probably 1 - 2 min before posting it here , i do n't know how to check the exact time on reddit posts, 
  melted, 
  something that have stuck with me regarding diplomacy was when i listned to a radio documentary about swedish signals intellegence , during wwii after the nazies occupied norway the came with several requests to the swedish government , the one i find particularly interesting in this case is when they asked about unrestricted access to a telegraph line along the west coast of sweden , the minister asked his advisors at the signals intelligence unit what to do , the reply came , `` protest like hell , but thank god for the opportunity '' . 
  the signals intelligence was able to collect vast ammounts of data from this line and even broke the top security encryption machine ( above the enigma , ca n't remember the name here and am on mobile ), 
  this is a follow up post to my post this morning about commuting in a winter morning in sweden, 
  correct , it was water on a gravel path, 
  no , nothing general ... 
  oh yeah , it is fantastic in the summer, 
  it 's not that bad really , but it looks even darker on my way home, 
  i will make a post about that as well , do n't wory, 
  morning , in the winter most people will get up and head to work/school long before the sun rises , this was taken a few min before posting it here, 
  and have to clean the sand from that pool ? 
  fuck no, 
  true , it is fantastic, 
  hehe , i ment the curve of the road , the distance to the water , the trees , boats and even colors of the buildings , i can definitely see how at a quick glace the places could be mistaken, 
  close enough, 
  it was taken early in the morning , between cars going on the road , but yeah , it is still calmer then usual due to vacations . 
  you really should come visit . 
  that would be lovely , though your username does not inspire confidence ... 
  hehe , it does look kinda similar ( :, 
  just a few min before i posted it 07:35 ( :, 
  nope , it is from stockholm : https://www.google.se/maps/@59.3322494,18.0763794,19z/data=!4m2!7m1!2e1?hl=sv that is where i took it on my way to work, 
  sorry , no it is stockholm , i took it here this morning : https://goo.gl/maps/5iduyctggvt, 
  sweden as well , do n't believe i have ever seen eggs stored in room temp ... 
  i agree that that would have been a preferable alternative , i can only say that during crisis situations people sometimes do loose the ability of rational thought . 
  i am not trying to excuse his actions , rather i am trying to find a logical reason as to why he believed that was the least bad way to land . 
  do you have a link to a transcript ? 
  seeing as the plane was silent he might have have had a malfunction and needed to get down quick . 
  i am not defending his choice to land on a crowded beach , i am trying to understand the events leading up to that point . 
  you seem to be lost , here you go : / r/swarje, 
  good, 
  yeah , but just because that ha been patched is no reason to put your guard down , other exploits will be found, 
  it is damn hard to be completely annonymous on the internet . 
  a government can monitor sites/services/systems effectively forever , a hacker would only need to make one mistake , and boom , they are caught !, 
  examples of easy to get data through the web browser , the server can find and log , your ip/browser ( version , rendering engine version , addons history and more ) , os ( version of the os , architecture , etc. 
  ) , screen resolution and more . 
  all of this data together can be ( and is ) used to create a fingerprint which will identify a specific computer . 
  then we have cookies , everyone has them , and needs them , they are basically a small text file on your conputer with some data a website needs to function , it could be an id for the page so you are beigf kept logged on , it might be the settings for a site , it might even be a special cookie designed to identify an annonymous user using a compromised web service , the cookie would be loaded on the computer when it was using a service such as tor and later another site aqquires the cookie while the user is n't on tor . 
  this is a question about security vs conveinience , the nature of a good annonymization service like tor requires it to be inconvenient , you have to start from scratch every time . 
  this is to make sure you leave no unintended traces which could be tracked . 
  this works fine in the short term , but in the long run , you will slip up , it is just a matter of time before you forget and something bad happens ... 
  on friday a couple called the mountain rescue in sweden , stating that they needed to be airlifted down due to an emergency , when the helicopters arrived they found the couple in good shape but a bit tired a few km from a mountain cabin . 
  they did get flown down , and got a bill of 30 000 sek ( $ 3148 ) ... 
  it is a waste of money ... 
  i have tagged you as `` ignores facts '', 
  i believe that it was a reference to the origins of fanta , it was created by the german branch of the coca cola company during wwii when the us stopped exporting the ingredients for coca cola . 
  the media have noted that people are tired of hearing the same thing over and over , which have been shown to be either false or greatly exaggerated . 
  that and the feeling of having been relegated to second class citizens in their own country ( there is a feeling that migrants get everything for free and that the state is taking on way more than it could reasonably be expected of it ) while plenty are just coasting , no politician gets a real punishment or have to take any responsibility . 
  please note however that i am colored by the views of / r/sweden which is less welcoming of migrants/refugees , i am probably not giving a 100 % accurate picture of the state of the country . 
  they have grown in acceptance/popularity a lot in the last 1-2 years ... 
  they have also worked to clean up in their party , there have been several members being kicked out . 
  they have also been proven correct in several claims . 
  but mostly i believe that people are tired of increasing taxes and cut backs in public services , as well as the general media climate have changed . 
  well , you guys ca n't be as incompetent a the current batch ... 
  yeah ... the lack of abstract thinking and an understanding of the result of a decisionis is horrific ... 
  interesting that they still sewm to use crt monitors ... 
  wow , it is not surprising that lithuania is takes over more and more tech jobs from sweden ... 
  ryd is a suffix added to placenames to indicate a village , it is not used in new names today , but there are plenty of places with it , you could then force `` dande '' to mean dangerous , but how to get awful from this i have no idea ... 
  the translators also missed the obvious joke ( i do n't claim it is good , just that it is obvious if you think about it ) of translating `` r\u00e5cksta '' to `` coat village '' . 
  in short the `` translators '' / `` jokesters '' are bad and they should feel bad . 
  i , for one , welcome and support our new finnish overlords . 
  i listened to a radio documentary a few years a go and recall that we sent both aircraft and ammunition , but they were made part of the finnish military . 
  the legend is annoying , if possible please move the grey line to be in order, 
  naturaly , if they are no longer part of the union then their waters will be under their own control, 
  to be fair , a lot of other countries have been the us bitch as well , the problem is that sweden often have been quite eager to please the us, 
  in a few places i 've been , you pay for the toilet with a text , text the number and get a code back enter the code at the door and it opens, 
  while it might look straight , we have plenty of mountains and valleys to deal with , the cost of building high speed lines would be gigantic, 
  the main problem is or curved tracks , our x2000 was designed to go at 200 kph on tracks that was n't purpose built for high speed . 
  it was a huge achievement , and still is a good train , sad that it never got exported despite several trips abroad ( even to the us , canada and australia ), 
  standards are good , international standards are even better . 
  it would encourage trade and integration with a large group of countries . 
  did i say that ? 
  your argument seems to be a strawman ... 
  that is actually not relevant in this case , what is relevant is the viewpoints of the attacker , if he considers the religion to be one of war , then you need to understand why he thinks that way . 
  if you do n't then you wo n't have any chance of countering him . 
  not only that , we start learning english very early in school , and are among the best english speakers in the world, 
  look at the airgun market , there are many amazing bullpups there , the fx impact , fx wildcat , kalibrgun cricket/kollibri and many others shows what can be done ... now , i understand that airguns are mostly useless in combat , but they are useful for hunting and can pack a serious punch ... 
  there is a high speed video clip in one of ian 's videos , showing him shooting the improved gun , and that really made it clear to me how much difference the redesigned bolt handle makes , he had spoken about it before , but to see it really made it clear . 
  i really enjoy this channel , i am interested in the mechanics of guns , and ian does a great job of showing them , i especially like the calm and positive feel of the channel . 
  sounds like it, 
  so they are on you now , you can run but you ca n't hide, 
   your politicians our politicians , you are still in the eu, 
  yep , but still funny, 
  what timeframe is used ? 
  one year ? 
  please read the second paragraph as well ( :, 
  the entire concept of an isp is that they provide a connection to the internet , they need to see all packets ( thanks btw ! ), 
  to be able to copy them on to the next chain , as do all other routers and switches , normally they only read the meta data , so they know where to send them on . 
  the bad stuff is deep packet inspection and ssl inspection . 
  normally they are only used in companies to keep track of where information is sent , but it can be implemented on the isp level .
