  it was in boston when i assisted it along its path back to the water, 
  i am afraid not , it is clearly niklas tesselstr\u00f6m , from sweden, 
  they could just google the name and copy paste it in with the '' \u00f6 '' at the end ? 
  tim , if you read this , here are the three extra letters of the swedish alphabet ( as compared to the english ) in both upper and lower case : \u00c5\u00e5 \u00c4\u00e4 \u00d6\u00f6, 
  that 's not that expens ... 
  wait , are you talking about the hamburger/cheeseburger ? 
  i though you were talking about a big mac ... 
  we had the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vipeholm_experiments and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compulsory_sterilization so the u.s. government is not unique in performing awful things on their citizens . 
  though it should be noted that both of these began as a way to improve the country , though the same can be said of the u.s. 
  currently i am trying to stop doing that , my apartments water is included in the fixed monthly cost , but i have noted that it is harder to wash up under running water than if i fill up the kitchen sink . 
  when i rinse i still use running water though ... 
  i do hope the connection between the tower and control room wo n't be routed over the internet . 
  super fun when someone owning a botnet suddenly decide they take it down , regardless of the encryption they could still ddos it . 
  can we trade left wing politics ? 
  is n't there a forrest that is so littered with bomd that it is fenced off ? 
  the problem here is that what might be the lesser supercar objetively might be person x favourite . 
  i have a hard time believing that the brittishness would be a deciding factor , it is way more probable that person x likes the car for what it is a good looking fast car . 
  to draw a parallel , my computer is not the fastest nor has it the biggest storage or even the best monitor , that even held true when i bought it , i liked the parts and got a decent deal on them . 
  could i have done better ? 
  definately , but when i was in the market for a new computer i found a six core cpu for a very good price , it stuck with me and i based the computer around it . 
  what i am trying to say is that just raw performance is not the be all that ends all discussion , a lot of the time it is something that catches your eye and sticks with you even in the face of a better option . 
  a years commuter pass in stockholm ( including suburbs ) costs 8720 sek ( $ 872.37 , thnx google ) . 
  this gives you access to busses , commuter trains , local trains , trams , underground and one ferry . 
  while i hate the idea of the eu being like the united states of europe , in the end i belive you are correct, 
  sadly that is what they will do ) :, 
  i might be stupid , but why would you ever connect the door security system to the internet ? 
  which is as it should be . 
  like all societies the lowest common denomenator will decide . 
  i was about to say that it would be quite a lot , but after some maths i see you are correct ... 
  untill sites/ad networks start taking responsibillity for the content served ( loads of viruses and malware spread using ads ) i will treat an adblocker as an essensial security component and will have it permanently on . 
  i do understand the need for ads , but am not prepared to let websites run whatever they feel like on my computer . 
  that would be brilliant !, 
  i would like an adblocker that not only made ads go away but also made fringerprinting ( a technique used when cookies are not available ( it checks different pratameters , screen resolution , patch status , os version , software installed , etc. ) ), 
  unsuable by randomizing the variables used for fingerprinting ), 
  it started as an exclusive club , only . edu emails were accepted , so a lot of young people got on it , there would be few parents there and they could socialize without worrying that mom or dad would see it . 
  then when they had a large userbase and the opened it to the public it just snowballed from there . 
  but hey , then the eu will benefit from it ( : you got ta take the negative with the positive . 
  but yeah , facebook should stop tracking like ordered, 
  damn , i long for summer ) :, 
  how so ? 
  sweden , wages are worked out between unions and employers, 
   hah , a nation governed by foreign ** twat ** ftfy, 
  awesome , i 'll be in london this march for a few days ... er ... ho ... hope it does n't crush your economy though ... 
  i am not sure if it is still the case but the linux distibution debian used to bundle a debranded version of firefox called ice weasel ... 
  although archer is a highly advanced system that is very capable , 48 seems too few for sweden as a whole ... 
  wait ... we have bought 8 cannons ? 
  when did we do that ? 
  freedom of speech wo n't protect against other people who might take the whole religion thing too serious ... 
  ah i never heard any expert claiming the economy would take an imediate sharp dive . 
  though let 's not forget that the gbp took a bit of a dive the day after , and still have not recovered fully . 
  i fully agree with you , leaving the eu is a long process , which is why i believe it is far to early to claim that the experts were wrong at this stage . 
  i also find it interesting to see that the economy seems to be doing well despite everything . 
  i do understand that , but there is an important thing you are forgetting . 
  all experts i have seen are talking about the world after the uk leaves the eu , not about the world after the referendum before article 50 . 
  to me it seems obvious that while a rocky start to the economy it would recover after a few months , enough people dealing in short term investments would start to trust the markets failry quickly after the election . 
  no , brexit has not happened yet , uk is still in the eu and have yet to trigger article 50 . 
  we can only tell the effect a few years after uk have completed the proccess, 
  it is in your national anthem , and people like to quote it left and right, 
  well , in my passport it asks the host country to treat me as their own in regards to laws and regulations ... 
  in reallity i know that there are differences , but no other country market themselves as being the land of the free as much as the us . 
  for a country claiming to be the land of the free and home of the brave this seems remarkebly ristrictive and scared ... now , do n't get me wrong , i have worked for a global us company and like working with americans, 
  the reason being is the us marketing department banging on about the land of the free . 
  the land of the free everybody ... 
  i 'll save this , i have wanted to try shooting , but here in stockholm i only now if one place with a very limited selection and high cost , i 'll save this for later , thank you !, 
  do you speak for all if russia ? 
  oh yeah , back in september i went on my first business trip abroad , went to the uk , and it was awesome to not have to worry about the cost of the call ( swedish carrier , was a tiny extra charge ) . 
  at heathrow when my flight was delayd a few hours i was on wifi and used facetime with my mom back home in sweden while also speaking with dad who also got delayed at brelin , being able to talk without worry was awesome, 
  no , that would be idiotic . 
  lobbying is needed , if you petition the government to protect a wood from logging , you are lobbying . 
  the problem occurs when lobbyists are bribing ( outright or more subtle ( new job/dinners/holidays ) ) , and politicians who are either too stupid to realize or who do realize but uses the system to gain an advantage . 
  lobbying itself is useful , our politicians are not trained in all areas , lobbyists are supposed to inform them of the advantages of their specific cause , while the opposing lobbyists should argue their point . 
  yeah ... it seems weird to put moscow on this list while leaving out copenhagen , helsinki and oslo ( to name a few ), 
  oh , i agree with you as well , your explenation seems reasonable , my main reason for replying was to show that you do n't have to be a racist just because you do n't see a difference in tone of the images . 
  i also fully believe that photoshopping images in news stories should be illegal . 
  if they needed more space for the logo they should have cropped the image . 
  to me it just looks like the boat is being towed , with one black guy less onboard, 
  i agree with the previous poster , i still do n't see a change of tone in the images even after having it explained , to me it is just a boat being towed along , one with a black guy at the rear and one without, 
  i actually agree with him/her even after reading your explenation i still fail to see any real change in tone in the picture , i did n't even notice the engine before your comment , to me it looked like a boat being towed , after your explenation , while i can see that the driver is missing the boat still looks to be towed , just a black guy less . 
  what , there is nothing holy about a holiday ) : stop pushing your religious dogma on me !, 
  what the fuck did you just say ? 
  it 's `` happy holidays ! '', 
  you uncultured swine !, 
  ah , interesting , i 'll give it a read when i have the chance , thank you, 
  that is how i found the name of the magazine ... 
  if you want me to believe the data , give me articles from a reputable scientific journal . 
  not this generic pro organic magazine . 
  organic lifestyle magazine ... yeah , they are unbiased ... 
  wow , what a magnificent comeback !, 
  hey guys !, 
  this guy really has a point !, 
   they are not scientists . 
  that is a very broad statement , while you might not agree with their conclusions or find their expertise relevant in this particular area they are still scientists . 
  it would be great if you could cite a source and not just put up a possible fake picture . 
  not really, 
  my mom told me about these that they had at ericsson when she worked there , i am sad that i have not got to try it ) :, 
  i am sad that i am part of the swedish percentage , but i am also working to find a sollution that works for me, 
  does n't this have a lot to do with insurance ? 
  i have worked in a global company 's internal helpdesk and have remoted computers on all continents except south america and antarctica , and i have to say that the japanese users i have supported have always spoken very good english . 
  also , out of all keyboard layouts i have used ( swedish/finninsh/danish / norweigan/us/uk / spannish/german/french / turkish/japanese ) the japanese looks the most confusing while the french is the hardest to learn ( to type in english ), 
  i tend to think about it as the marketing team shot them selves in the foot but refuses to see a doctor .
