naturally there are always idiots who does stupid stuff , but do n't let them taint a whole continent . 
  most people just want to get through the day , and if they meet someone who looks different , most do n't care a lot of people enjoy ( me included ) enjoy talking with people from different cultures . 
  do n't be afriad , we are more similar than we are different . 
  is anything offered in return ? 
  that too, 
  i only watch the opening ceremony ... 
  last winter it was about 10 degrees in my room , it was cold but worked well with blankets . 
  i have now moved to my first apartment and have no clue what temperature it will be, 
  carl xvi gustaf , yes , i am glad you finally came around, 
  it 's not that risky, 
  i can hear both the finnish and the swedish national anthems when i read this !, 
  tell my wife `` hello '' . 
  ftfy ( :, 
  this is a bit unfair . 
  you ca n't really clear the snow away untill it is already in the way , what can be done and is done is to make preparations , usually the chaos only lasts about a day or so ... 
  i am now glad that i will not take my vacation until august/september , hopefully the weather will have warmed up a bit . 
  agreed, 
  you know what , i 'd be happy if finland took over for a while , then our schools would be finally be fixed, 
  as long as it is not computer viruses that i have to clean up i 'm happy . 
  what people seem to forget is that courts are not based on logic , they are based on the laws of the country . 
  laws are made by politicians . 
  the only job a court has is to interpret the law , and decide on an outcome, 
  one is already used up ... sorry ) :, 
  i made some raspberry cordial this week , all natural , only a bit of water , raspberries and sugar : http://imgur.com/a/qhzcl let me know if you want a recepie !, 
  you see it everywhere , mostly guys are doing it , but it is not uncommon for a girl to do it some people both smoke and snus , i believe that they began with smoking and then started with snus as it can be done at work or on a plane where smoking is banned . 
  i have seen a reduction among younger males , but an increase among younger females . 
  please see my repsonse here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3alaom/hundreds_of_thousands_rally_in_rome_against_gay/csdvn95, 
  yeah , i know , i just remember the tv announcer hyping it like there was no tomorrow , and as i still watched children 's shows i thought i 'd five it a try . 
  it was meant for much younger children , i just remember how let down i was after the hype . 
  damn right , teletubbies are shit, 
  money is no object , only security and anonymity are relevant . 
  i will admit that i am scared of the idea of digital voting , but if it can be done in a way as to guarantee the security , anonymity and trust needed in a functioning democracy , then i 'd be interested in hearing about it . 
  all parties have a long list of candidates that you can vote for , with the current model the paper would probably need to be in a3 format to make sure they are readable for everyone, 
  please tell me in detail how a good digital voting syatem should work, 
  digital voting had to provide a guarantee for anonymity , if there is the slightest chance that someone can figure out exactly what you voted in an election the system is n't acceptable . 
  a simple mistake to enable timestamps in both databases would easily be enough to figure out who voted what . 
  you also has to make sure that no single person can ever be alone with the votes after the election , they could insert a faked set of votes what would look legitimate , this is highly dangerous . 
  manual voting has one big security feature in this regard , it is labor intensive , which make any fake result difficult to do undetected . 
  in sweden , while we do need to improve the anonymous part of our system ( currently you have to pick a ballot from each party in all three elections from a public box and then select the ballot you want behind a screen if you want to stay anonymous ) , the registration procedure is a well thought out procedure . 
  as the enveloped are dropped in the slot the election administrators strikes your name from the list , it is done at the same moment , but leaves no timestamp on either the list or vote, 
  could n't the other countries just not accept visas issued by italy ? 
  i do understand that that would be an extreme response , but the option is available, 
  i get that , however you pointing that out reduced your point, 
  i see no downvotes ... 
  hummmm , yeah this will go nicely on my nas, 
  anything used to obscure the face should be illegal to wear in public, 
  i watched the video in the top comment , it is a talk about the estonian internet voting system ( just thought i should mention it if the order changes ) . 
  the video explains how the ballots are encrypted and signed with different keys , the election official key is used to encrypt the ballot to try and preserve anonymity , the voters key is used to sign the encrypted vote to act as a note on who has voted . 
  when the ballots are counted , they are first stripped of their signature key which is used to verify that you have voted , the ballots are then burned on a cd and put in the counting server , then counted , the results are burned on another cd and published through another machine . 
  this is an interesting way of trying to do computer based voting while preserving the anonymity of the voters while at the same time providing knowledge that one person only has one vote . 
  while interesting , there are definitely issues , there is nothing technical standing in the way of changing a ballot once the voters signature has been stripped off , once that happens there is no longer a control mechanism in place , and a technician responsible for burning the cd could relatively easily swap out the set of real ballots for a fake before burning the cd ( as all ballots are encrypted with the same public key it would be trivial to generate a set of votes with a known outcome and then encrypt them the same way as the client software does ) . 
  that does n't really explain anything ... 
  yeah , but for different reasons today, 
  ) : i can only hope that should this opportunity arise that i will perform better, 
  yeah , that is my thought as well ... 
  if i ever become a hugely rich , i will see if i can create jobs for the people in their countries without moving jobs from europe , i want top make their countries less shit without impacting our countries negatively, 
  i looks like i just whooshed my self ... 
  yeah ... ) : i blame the fact i just woke up when i wrote that, 
  i thought geology was the science of rocks ... huh , you learn something new every day ... 
  geography * ftfy ( :, 
  i just wanted o say how much i like the word umlaut, 
  i see no problem here ... 
  is koto considered modern ? 
  ... does n't matter really , is still awesome, 
  i think we should be more like denmark ... 
  it could be my old ancestry ( part of my grandmother family were danes ) talking though, 
  interesting choice of colours, 
  i can see that as you are comming from another culture that it might seem weird to have a state run monopoly . 
  i am nost claiming that it ca n't be improved nor that it is the best thing in the world , but i do claim that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages . 
  the next time you visit a systembolag head in with an open mind and explore to find new wines , beers , ciders and indeed liqueurs . 
  once you start looking for some more odd bottles , you will find them comparatively less expensive than the ordinary stuff . 
  i mostly like the selection and only drink maybe one or two hard ciders a month so the cost does n't really bother me . 
  alos remember that systembolaget is mainly focused on wine , which is both nice and cheap . 
  all the attendants know how to pair wine and food and can often offer really good suggestions . 
  you can also order just about anything from the world and get it for a decent price . 
  and most people i 've spoken with like it . 
  what is it that you dislike about it ? 
  i thought a majority of us swedes want to keep the monopoly, 
  you know what , as i love the finnish dialect of swedish i am ok with this . 
  i congratulate you to you new in-house developed fighter aircraft as well !, 
  good conquering good sir !, 
  what a lovely lamp, 
  please elaborate, 
  hummmm , if that is true then it is time to worry a bit . 
  no , the president only have direct control over the military , not the full government, 
  right , but what you might not realize if you are not used to live in the north is that in that pic the sun has yet to rise , the light you see is all from streetlights in the area, 
  look like everyone will be late for work again, 
  just so you know , today my commute took an hour longer both ways due to the snow , it 'll be like that for about a week while people are getting comfortable with the icy driving conditions and the accident statistic goes down . 
  wait ... what happened to terry 's chocolate orange ? 
  thank you , i try to look at all details to get the best picture , but most of the time i do n't think about it , much less write it down . 
  i am glad i take the time to do so from time to time even though the times are very few and even further apart . 
  it just shows the view outside ops window . 
  op have also specified that he lives in sweden , so by that you can tell that the snow have arrived there , also you can tell that he does not live in the northern parts of sweden due to how bright it is at the time it was posted . 
  the post encourages discussion of mundane/daily things that might differ from country to country or even city to city , it can lead to an interesting discussion . 
  edit : spelling, 
  as a swede , i am a bit ashamed about the state of our english translations from time to time . 
  it looks bad to have a page with 12 paragraphs och swedish text and only a summary of 5 rows in english that basically asks the reader to call their number . 
  and how does it imporve the russian parts of the internet by not speaking with them ? 
  i am getting more and more interested in learing russian , it sounds to me that we need more ordinary people talking to each other about our daily lives and trivial things . 
  i do n't believe that i alone will make a huge difference , but it ca n't hurt,
