  could be as a protest against non smoking campaigns as well as against expectations by parents but i have no real idea, 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  it is much more young women who smoke than young men . 
  no , we need snow , the dark nights without the snow to light it up is always way more depressing, 
  not here yet , thought it was obvious from the pic ... 
  true ... 
  you wo n't make money if you chill ... 
  better not take the chance of missing out on some spilled craft beer ... 
  russia sure does say a lot of things ... 
  you are not really helping ... ( :, 
  eh , it 's not that weird , a lot of poland are far from the sea , inland climate being what it is ... 
  oh , i did n't consider that , that makes it even harder to predict , but does give merit to the concept of leaving in my eyes . 
  humm , yeah , that is true , automation will definitely reduce the impact of higher wages . 
  you also say you will replace current eu imports with much cheaper alternatives from the commonwealth , i have a hard time picturing that it would have a huge impact . 
  i see very few things that could be replaced by reasonable alternatives for much less outside the eu . 
  there will be attempts , yes , some might even go on for more than a year , but over time consumers will demand the same quality as before , businesses will probably take the opportunity to bring back the old products while also increasing the price . 
  on a personal note , i find it a bit weird that your first post was mentioning how companies should pay their employees a good wage , while in this post you are talking about much lower prices of imports from the commonwealth , though i am not blind of the difference between the cost of labor in different countries . 
  to me this sounds just like the eu , only in a different marketplace , jobs will still move abroad , factories will continue to close and only the name of the bad guy will change . 
  i know , i know , no one knows what will happen for certain , but that applies to both sides . 
  while this is all true , please do n't forget that prices will increase , and consumers have gotten used to lower prices due to underpaid workers . 
  prices will increase if wages does , not saying it is wrong , but the wages have to come from somewhere ... 
  that was uncalled for ... 
  it would probably be more like `` why do i see this ? 
  it should be private . 
  i am not going to hire someone from a family who ca n't tell what is appropriate to post on the internet ... '' not saying that it will be like that , but it is a probable scenario , if i were an employer , i would not want to hire someone who might or who 's family members might post something confidential on the internet , it shows a lack of respect and understanding of the outcome of ones actions . 
  they deserve their privacy , and once older should be allowed to choose to share it or not . 
  i know that if i had my pictures from when i was born throughout my childhood till 18 , i 'd be extremely pissed off , and would sue if they were not taken down . 
  so ... just set the dns server address to be 8.8.8.8 and you 'll be fine ? 
  yeah , yeah . 
  i know it is n't as easy as that , also the very idea is horrible , but that is my point , it will not have an impact against the people who have even a small amount of computer knowledge will be able to bypass it . 
  it is costly yet pointless, 
  good , baby pictures might be nice in a private album at home , but they should not be put in the inter-spherical-web-tubes ... 
  you do n't know our pain, 
  please read my reply to my post , i am sorry , i realized i sounded very harsh in my tone , this is not the time for harshness . 
  i do apologize for my thoughtless post . 
  after seeing more pictures of the disaster , i feel i may need to apologize for my earlier post , i sounded too harsh , and i am sorry . 
  i understand op is from italy , and i feel bad for judging him/her choice of words after such a terrible event . 
  staggering ? 
  while everyone involved have my deepest sympathies and best wishes for the future , this footage is hardly staggering , it is emeotional , yes , and does show a different angle , but i expected the camera to tilt up to show the scale . 
  please note i am not blaming the drone pilot , the cam is steady and keeps the rescue workers in shot . 
  do not underestimate the power of jante, 
  your point ? 
  being swedish is not a slur outside of areas full of immigrants , then it can be seen as letting go of your identity while burning bridges with friends and neighbors while trying to fit in a culture who in large consider you to be an immigrant . 
  i am a native swede , the only foreign roots i have as far as i am aware of is my great great grand mother who 's family cam from denmark, 
  i thought they already did ... 
  there were loads of sings about it a few years ago, 
  in sweden you get paid to study ... you can take out loans , but hat is mostly done to either cover living costs , or if you are living at home , to acquire capital to be able to take out a loan for your first apartment, 
  adding a handy link as it is moving relative to this post : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4taist/the_eu_just_shot_down_googles_main_argument_that/d5g3vs8, 
  for me it seems like a lot of people have become complacent and forgot about the struggle of past generations to have it this good . 
  people are to caught up with shocking photos showing starving children and wounded men and women . 
  is there a problem in the mena region ? 
  yes , absolutely , but having people move from mena to eurpoe will solve nothing . 
  what should we do ? 
  honestly , i do n't have a definite answer . 
  i do believe that in the long run all countries will be better severed by secular governments , but that itself will be difficult to implement . 
  the one this we should do right now , is to focus on education , that is not the full answer , but i believe it is about 60 % the rest is made up of better infrastructure and social services . 
  bill gates left ms several years ago ... 
  i really like symbian , and i miss my e7 ... 
  russia really seems to be trying to make foreigners dislike them ... ) :, 
  i see you point and agree somewhat , but most users do n't need to access the terminal in normal use . 
  most people do it as it is quicker , but there are excellent guis for most thing in a desktop distro, 
  i doubt that would work or that it is needed . 
  with the windows 10 shit and more games being offered on linux the problem sghould sort it self out , i am not going to call any year `` the year of the linux desktop '' , it will be a gradual shift as more and more games are available . 
  f-35 , a bit old is n't it , but we thank you for your business !, 
  i believe this talk concerns the kidnapping , it is a bit technical and describe how the cia team failed to keep up good operational security , and how the authorities was able to track their movements the day of the kidnapping even days after they left : https://youtu.be/bm0pmwolife, 
  we are not that boring any more , we have imported enough excitement the last few years to make us far from boring ... 
  they will also leave a bad review of the car ... 
  that account looks like a troll account , the nick refers to jimmie \u00c5kesson , the current leader of the swedish democrats . 
  sweden : statens fastighetsverk will show some buildings that are normally off limits to the public . 
  you can find more information here ( swedish only unfortunately ) http://sfv.se/sv/sevardheter/hemligarum/, 
  yeah , you are correct , the gulf stream is what gives us a lot of the heat we take for granted , if we look on the other side of the atlantic we can also see way colder climates at the same latitude . 
  i still find the swedish summers amazing , especially after the long winters, 
  right now this is the best season in sweden , the winter is far gone , it is middle to late spring , the evening never really get completely dark anymore , it is getting warmer . 
  this is the awesome reward we get after dealing with the winter every year , from only having daylight between 7:30 -08:00 to 16:00 -15:00 to having full daylight from 03:30 -04:00 to 22:00 -22:00 is fantastic , and awesome any every sense on the word, 
  do n't forget that those come due to a severe lack of daylight, 
  since the world was turning, 
  at bit more than that ( :, 
  i think we should split it , i 'd agree to a 0,00001 % cut for me and the rest to the eu , that seems fair , right ? 
  what ? 
  shit ... 
  oh yeah , i agree , but i wanted to clarify that there was something ( if ineffective ) in place with the purpose of stopping cars entering, 
  they were , there are stone lions , weighing about 200-300 kg . 
  thank you , i 'll check the linked thread, 
  unfortunately this is more and more common ) :, 
  ours do n't even mention sweden ... 
  does it actually come off ? 
  wait ... 
  snow ... in greece ? 
  what ... 
  nau , that would be silly ... 
  good work !, 
  i just hope we could come to our senses and stop wasting tax payers money ... 
  why would a government need to run ads ? 
  being able to take a photo is your desicion , the system must be designed with absolute annonymity , there should be no logs ever created , but a system without logs is a system that is ripe for cheating . 
  i 'd rather have the one on the right , looks better with salad . 
  there are litterarly some of us , free from the book of faces ( :, 
  i whish the uk all the best , it is a great country , but i do hope that the eu remains firm in the negotiations . 
  do you mind explaining this a bit further ? 
  to the casual observer it sounds like you believe both the uk and the eu to be completely static and incapable of working together, 
  username checks out ...
