  the london underground also supports contactless credit/debit cards these days , that caused me some concern as i did n't realize it on my last visit , i had my oyster card in the same wallet as a contactless card , and when i got back i got worried that the system might have picked the contactless card instead of the oyster one , how would you even know at the gates ? 
  does the led light up blue ? 
  i am fine with a cashless society , but i am strongly against the contactless cards/mobile apps . 
  to me that feels like giving up too much control , i like having to put in my card in the terminal , i like that my card ca n't be read remotely . 
  i have watched talks on yt where people explain how they have been able to read rfid chips over huge distances , while the tech might be `` secure '' by today 's standards , the impact a vulnerability will be much greater than in chip and pin due to the remote reading of cards . 
  oh and the claim manufacturers make about the short distance a card can be read , that is dictated by the reader , not the contactless card . 
  sigh ... kebabpizza is a combination of kebab and pizza , the combination is swedish . 
  i have no idea what you mean about your last comment , kebab have been in europe for a long time and is really good , you should try it, 
  a kebebpizza is not the best dish , or the most exclusive , but i ca n't see any meal it wont work with . 
  https://www.google.se/search?q=kebabpizza&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewib7nobhb3tahxkoswkhtkrcbyq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=1104#imgrc=gwv2t0tjm_gwtm: damn i really want one now ... 
  i did consider putting up a joke post with a pic of a saab or volvo suspension system , calling it '' [ springs of europe ] '' instead ... 
  did you know that there are only two electrical leads ( one plus and one minus ) transmitting for both your and the counterparts voice at the same time ? 
  random , irrelevant trivia ... 
  if i am not mistaken , that phone is a polycom soundstation 5000 series ... 
  might not be a bad idea the way things are going ... 
  stockholm ca n't say i need to ser more, 
  after having watched the `` cold war '' documentary series i understand two things , 1 , reagan had charisma , 2 , he was stubborn . 
  reagan was a good tv president , he knew how capture an audience , i also heard he was excellent at small talk . 
  he was also stubborn , and refused to take action that would have de-escalated the cold war earlier . 
  this is what i have gathered ... 
  english and spannish, 
  i have no strong feeling one way or the other, 
  yeah , the ruchbrot looks the most similar, 
  right , i have `` only '' been to europe and asia ... europe ... except sweden ... germany , i have only been once and do n't know german , but i found berlin to be fantastic , loads of history and cool museums , an awesome train station from where i took the sleeper train over the ferry to sweden ( and yes , i have slept in a bed , on a train going on a ferry between two countries and did n't show my passport once ... asia ... must be malaysia , it was long , long ago , ( back in the 90s ) we were only there for a few days , but i remember the mall shops selling bootleg gameboy games , i remeber the crazy chineese market , the palm trees with nice lighting , the huge , huge malls with big arcades . 
  i was only 11-12 years old , and travelled with my parents , sister , cousins , their family and my grand parents . 
  i have visited a few countries , in my 29 years , sweden , norway , finland , latvia , denmark , germany , italy , greece , the uk , malaysia and thailand . 
  i would like to find my old passport to check out the stamps , though it would probably only be stamps from sweden ( when your passport did get stanped ) , the uk , malaysia and thailand ... 
  switzerland , though i have never tasted real swiss bread , my mom used to make swiss country bread from a cook book , it is my all time favourite, 
  yep, 
  ) : come to sweden in cristmas time , and buy some julmust , as far as i know it has no sweeteners and is the top selling ( yes even out selling coca cola ) soft drink at cristmas time . 
  in sweden most soft drinks are made with sugar , but there are plent with sweeteners if you want those, 
  thwy did recently try a orange/cola flavour , was only avaliable for a few weeks , it was meh ... 
  i prefer the original orange flavour , but have started drinking the sugar free one recently as i want to reduce my sugar intake . 
  it is the only artificially sweetend drink that i actually enjoy currently ... 
  i have thought about getting a few shovels , and other similar basic hand tools to put in my attic . 
  also i am thinking of getting one or two of these http://trangia.se/en/camping-stoves-series-25/ oh , and i have also thought about stocking seeds . 
  but what i have done is really only to stockup on noodles , i have about 20-30 packs ... 
  take one pizza , place a kebab in it , enjoy your kebabpizza , the swedish national dish, 
  parents are on a private geothermal well , before that they used electricity but did also have an oil burner and there is an oil tank in the cellar . 
  my building uses central heating . 
  yep , there are plenty in the woods north of stockholm , there are also other bunkers inside the city , and in the archipelago . 
  oh , i completely forgot about you guys ... ah , errr ... lithuania , give us back the jobs you took !, 
  ( but not mine , i like my new one better than the old ) , i know very little else about you . 
  latvia , i have visited riga long ago , but else have very little knowledge about you , sorry ... estonia , do n't you guy have evoting ? 
  russia , i 've got my eye on you ... do n't try anything , well would n't want to have to send an angry letter now , would we ? 
  poland , damn you guys have had a tough time , hope you get the current shit sorted out . 
  germany : keep doing what you are doing , seems to be going ok in general . 
  well , not if you are just comparing yourself to other norwegians ... 
  this is a good example of a guy talking with a finnish accent , it is knows as `` finlandsvenska '' . 
  the guy you should be listening to is the guy eating spray whipped cream : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjo4yjpifgs one thing i noted about the accent is that finnish people pronounce the letter `` y '' at `` u '' . 
  example : the word `` fyra '' ( number 4 ) gets pronounced `` fura '' . 
  aww , we love you too < 3, 
  norway , good guys , closer to nature than us , rich as fuck , easy to get a long with . 
  denmark , language ca n't be understood , beer , flat , generally nice these days . 
  finland , completely undecipherable laguage , awesome swedish accent though ... , reserved , lakes , have a military . 
  plenty of people have swimming pools at home ... 
  yes , i believe so . 
  please do n't get me wrong , i am all for helping people who are actually in danger , but it has to be done fairly , migrants have dammaged the reputation hugely , it had been shown that a lot of people are lying about their age when requesting asylum . 
  also when a person decides to travel through several safe countries and then claim asylum they loose credibility . 
  feel free to ask questions if you want clarification . 
  no , i use western/central/eastern / south europe from time to time but mostly i use the country name ... 
  waxholm , while well known in and around stockholm sweden it should be better known outside stockholm and abroad , it is the main hub if most ferries in the stockholm archipellago and the town it self is very pretty , the area also houses ytterby mine , the place with most periodic elements named after it in the world . 
  i disagree , while reading a map will give you the answer , it might take a lot of time , time you might not have if you are trying to catch a train . 
  let me give you an example , when i visit london i find it hard to find the best way to go from point a to b on the underground , not because the map is confusing , but i have no real idea of where to begin looking , asking usually gets me clear directions to follow . 
  asking how to get somewhere is n't ridiculous . 
  some , do feel pride when the eu accomplishes goals before the us , china , russia and asia . 
  other than that , no personal connection , just amazement when for the first time we crossed into germany and there was no passport checks : . . 
  am swedish , but have on occation been confused for brittish . 
  i really like the finnish accent when finns are speaking swedish . 
  coop and ica are both in the same price range , coop tends to be a bit cheaper , but that varies from time to time and store to store . 
  willys/willys : hemma tends to be cheaper than both with decent food , i forgot about them when making my list, 
  stockholm , i live outside it but commute in every day for work , people easily forget about the rest of the country , politicians make laws that only make sense in the big city . 
  coop 3 . 
  lidl 5 . 
  others 7 . 
  handlarn sabis have one awesome/high end store which trumps all other chains i have been to , but the rest are standard/boring . 
  both ica and coop have many different store concepts , everything from small rural shops to huge mega stores , in the end ica usually are a bit higher class than coop . . 
  the two handlarn shops i have been in were both half empty , in one the owner and is family lived in the far corner of the store ... 
  yeah , it is a real letter and had been since 2006 . 
  yes , we have \u00c5\u00c4\u00d6 at the end after z just in case someone without a swe/fin keyboard wants to use the letters here they are in both upper and lower case : \u00c5\u00e5 \u00c4\u00e4 \u00d6\u00f6, 
  i saw sms payments for public toilets on several places when i visited \u00d6land a few years ago , it was awesome , send a text , get a temp code back , and you are in !, 
  18 to drink under supervision ( at a bar or with adults above 21 ) 21 to buy stuff to bring home ... 
  in many ways the us is less free than other nations , i am somewhere between thinking it is stupid to not careing ... 
  hummmm ... 
  i just do n't see it ... . could be the colors , blue and yellow , possibly ... 
  i do n't know ... 
  here you need to pay a tv license fee if you own a device that can recieve television broadcasts . 
  i do n't own a tv so i ca n't give you more info about the broadcast tv here i do have an interesting note to add though , a few years ago the state television started providing the programs for free to all swedes over the internet , a service like iplayer . 
  that was going ok for a few years , but they then decided to try and get license money from computer owners arguing they could watch tv now , they started sedning out invoices , some people paid , but it was taken to court . 
  and the courts were on the public side , a computer was designated not a tv and the license fees that had been collected from people without tvs was repaid . 
  as facebook logs everything , sites you visit ( ever see those like buttons on non-facebook sites ? 
  yeah , they log that you visited them , even if ypu did n't click them or even if you are log out ) , all chat messages are scanned and logged , pretty soon you wo n't ve able to help it , your life will be indexed . 
  i highly doubt that facebook is the easiest way to communicate , the most convenient , sure , that is resonable , but there are several easier ways to do the individual functions . 
  to me , none of my friends have facebook , there is no advantage for me to get it . 
  my iphone uses imessage with my family as they all have iphones and my friends uses sms, 
  til : not giving all data about my life to an us ad company is weird ... 
  seriously though , i just do n't see the point of facebook, 
  i never even knew it existed but after learning that they were targeting individuals by name and encouraged it , i believe it was good . 
  oh yeah , just eating a bun and drinking coffee is not nearly enough, 
  no , it is shorter and often less organized .
