  i want you to realize that unless you live in a place where you have exactly one citizen per nation , you 're country is just as democratic as the eu . 
  my nation is , like yours , a province of the eu . 
  your country is n't a province of germany . 
  germany is n't a province of your country . 
  but both are equals , equals that belong to the eu , the sovereign entity they 're part of . 
  and i get angry because you 're just a troll . 
  you know us ;p bad at humor , and having to run every joke into the ground ( look at / r/de 's gittertiere and '' !!!, 
  and having to explain every joke . 
  nah , i got the joke , i just wanted to expand on it so far that everyone will get it , 
  yeah , it 's not like there 's any other culture trying to force its ideals of what is nsfw or not onto others , or even ban content based on their ideals , which also controls the majority of online media ... 
  well , `` trickle in '' . 
  in 2014 , we were already at over a million refugees in greek camps . 
  and until 2014 , we had a mechanism to return them to turkey . 
  in 2014 , funding for that mechanism was cut by most countries . 
  why ? 
  the entire issue of the eu is that every fucking country thinks their opinion is more important . 
  instead of closing the outer borders in the refugee crisis , everyone vetoed a border guard , and instead just closed their borders , hoping that someone else would take them . 
  seriously , i 'd prefer juncker declaring himself monarch any day over this crazy fighting between the states . 
  it 's like the 1800s in germany all over again . 
   crazily expensive , require large amounts of energy . 
  how are you going to provide that energy ? 
  in the centuries when we can transport the millions of tons of calcium required to use carbon washing on the atmosphere , we 'll have fusion power , or large-scale setups of proper msr fission , finally , too . 
  back then , germany suggested stationing more frontex officers in greece to close the outer borders . 
  greece refused , instead demanding money for their own , corrupt , border police . 
  well , then surprise for you , uranium mining is n't very friendly to lives either . 
  in the end , we have only shitty solutions to choose from . 
  luckily , for carbon in the atmosphere , there are ways to easily get rid of it , and for nuclear waste , there are also easy ways to get rid of it . 
  both equally crazy and expensive , but over a few centuries , definitely possible . 
  humanity is n't doomed , but we 'll have some losses on the way . 
  i personally would love molten salt reactors with a cycle that produces stable elements and has lower issues , but politically it 's hard to convince people to support that after they 've been fucked over again and again . 
  and then nuclear safety is another issue , especially in germany i would n't trust the nuclear plants not to blow up right in the next minute . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36727437 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_border_and_coast_guard, 
  i see nothing democratic in my neighbors having voting power over policies that directly affect me !, 
  democracy means that you and a bunch of others come together , vote on issues , and those apply to all . 
  that 's kinda the point . 
  half of the anti-eu crowd -- like you -- somehow does n't seem to get that . 
  so i 'll spell it out for you . 
  where is the difference on your literal irl neighbors voting on laws that affect your entire city , and , therefore , you ; and germans voting on laws that affect the entire eu , and , therefore , you ? 
  seriously , are you like , blind ? 
  retarded ? 
  something ? 
  i 've explained this a bunch of times now , and you seem to be unable to get it . 
  a waste dump that cost us billions , has polluted drinking water for an entire region , will have to be dug up again , and where the nuclear companies sued against having to pay a single cent for waste disposal . 
  we 're wasting billions and destroying tap water drinkability in the process, 
  so , you mean , if i create a one-man-nation , and join the eu , i should get as much power as all the 80 million people in germany ? 
  that 's democracy for you ? 
  yes , that 's a long term solution . 
  but in 2015 , we had a million refugees in greece and italy . 
  with no country willing to accept them for deportations . 
  with greece refusing to allow frontex to guard its borders . 
  with greece demanding money and a debt cut from germany or threatening to let the refugees into the eu . 
  what do you propose we do ? 
  nuke greece ? 
  the eu is not a foreign power , it is elected by you . 
  that 's like saying `` the government of berlin is dictating terms to my state ! '', 
  or `` my state is dictating terms to my city ! '' . 
  that rhetoric is pure bullshit propaganda . 
  stop it . 
  a modern plant , in a first world nation , still had a core meltdown , and made an entire region uninhabitable . 
  you 're suggesting to put such plants everywhere into uganda , south africa , nigeria , ruanda , etc - all the developing countries . 
  you believe they 'll be safer ? 
   no matter how you look at it coal is more dangerous . 
  please take a look at the asse ii . 
  that 's a more pressing matter for germans . 
  no , it 's just complete misreporting . 
  read the original articles , decisions , parliamentary protocols . 
  i 've started reading parliamentary protocols , laws which are voted on , etc recently , and suddenly politics sounds a lot different than it 's portrayed in the media . 
  because germany did n't have much of a choice ? 
  greece publicly said they could n't further control their borders , and would either demand more billions and a debt cut , or they 'd just let all the refugees into schengen . 
  that 's when merkel decided to just let the 1 million refugees that were already in greece and italy at the time to come to germany . 
  what do you propose germany should have done instead ? 
  nuke greece ? 
  well , that likely wo n't happen . 
  a few weeks ago , the eu got a border guard , which can now actually guard the borders effectively . 
  good idea . 
  except , most eu countries are still vetoing that proposal . 
  just like it took us years until greece and v4 would finally stop vetoing the european border and coast guard . 
  instead they demanded more money for their own corrupt agencies . 
   if it was clear to them the situation was under control and not the stupid uncontrolled chaos it was . 
   proved how toothless the eu is when every country simply refuses to do as agreed . 
  exactly that 's why the eu needs more power , or be dissolved completely . 
  although the second option will cost us half our jobs . 
  so the first is preferred . 
  well , that 's because the council is against it , as the council ( = national parliaments ) would then loose power . 
  i 've provided more sources than you ever have . 
  and people working on the team responsible for that are primary sources , not hearsay . 
   was the trigger his exam results and loss of an escape from his shitty situation ?? 
  it 's speculated , yes . 
  only a few states give you , if you fail abitur , realschulabschluss instead . 
  in many states , if you fail abitur , you just have nothing . 
  might make everything even worse . 
  iran literally means `` land of the aryans '' , so that 's where the confusion might come from . 
  18 , but born on 20th april ' 98 . 
  they did - 3 weeks ago . 
  until then , many countries blocked that . 
  well , and i have talked with some googlers . 
  and seen images of the first test vehicles in new zealands test region , and in germany . 
  also , streetview was done in the largest 30 cities - which i know , because it was done in mine , which is the # 30 largest city . 
  and as you question why this is happening , i can tell you something : panoramic freedom . 
  the law allows you to photograph whatever you want , outside , with no restrictions , if it 's done at eye level , outside .
