  because street view follows the law now . 
  the law allows panoramic imagery from eye level . 
  street view in many countries was photographed at a height of 2.4 m - which would have been legal in germany , too . 
  but in germany , google first photographed everything at 3.8 m - which is clearly illegal , because no one builds a 4m fence , so street view could look into the frontyard , maybe seeing someone naked in there . 
  sure , you 'd be blurred , but everyone would know it 's you . 
  that 's why some cities are allowed again , because google followed the law there . 
  that 's like renaming the royal air force . 
  or even renaming the uk itself . 
  you just ca n't do that . 
  it 's as islamic as winnenden . 
  aka , not at all . 
  yes . 
  your local industry would suffer from free trade with other nations , if you want to create more manufacturing jobs , you need tariffs on that . 
  on the other hand , to keep the financial jobs , you need a free service passporting system , which is not part of eea , efta , or any other such deal . 
  that does n't contain any of the benefits britain wants . 
   in that case no company will ever invest in any new software or the like , given that they would be guaranteed to receive no return on their investment since the consumers are allowed to freely share and pirate their property . 
  well , they still would . 
  and there are people who still would do that work . 
  look at the entire open source community - and many companies publish their stuff as open source , too . 
  even microsoft published . net 's source recently . 
  so , where 's your argument again ? 
  ^ ( btw , i 'm myself working on open source projects , for free ), 
  well , that 's not that simple either . 
  their home countries wo n't take them back . 
  according to eu law , we should just send them all to greece . 
  all the 1.6 million illegal immigrants and refugees in the eu should be sent back to greece , where they first entered the eu . 
  but we 've tried such things in 2014 , and we know how well that ended . 
  you know , germany had such a law once , too . 
  article 49 . 
  everyone knows what happened : hitler faked a coup against him , used the law to announce emergency status and give himself the powers of dictator for a few months ... well , we all know how * that * ended . 
  well , that works : because germany can just deport the uneducated immigrants after 6 months , and the educated ones easily make up for that cost if they stay at least 4 years . 
  the only issue with that : bureaucracy is a thing , so deportations do n't take 6 months , but more like 10 years . 
  you do know how freemium models work ? 
  you only need a tiny minority of whales to finance many more users . 
  it would be more sustainable if the uk was in a single market and currency with several manufacturing countries , so that the overall mix would be balanced again . 
  the solution to that is called subscription model , aka youtube red . 
  and germany is also still there , with soundcloud , travis , lieferheld/delivery hero , wunderlist , number 26 , mister spex , lieferando , flowkey , etc. 
  but the rest ? 
  youtube actually breaks even nowadays , so with only a little bit more ads , it would be easily possible to keep it profitable . 
  the issue is the following : you search for a product , get a link to 4 price comparison sites , with one of the links being a little larger , a little bolder . 
  that 's enough to move 90 % of the traffic to that one link . 
  these patterns have real effects . 
  and google did exactly that . 
  worse , they ranked all other comparison sites even further down , penalized them in their ranking system , and added a bonus to their own . 
  if the ranking algorithm would organically select googles as the first , that would be okay , but that 's not the case . 
  well , in germany , that 's certainly not the case . 
  the weapons are guarded by a cooperative force of german and us military , but with more german military , and the codes for arming them are under cooperative control , too . 
  just like the drone command center is under cooperative control . 
  she said she trusts him . 
  usually , if she says she trusts someone , that person suddenly dies or resigns . 
  applies to popes , politicians , etc. 
  the us has paper control . 
  that 's it . 
  well , you never know ( see the article op posted ) , there 's people actually believing this out there . 
  no , it 's not !, 
  there 's basic laws we , as humanity , agreed upon !, 
  those include that the right of life , and of an unharmed body are * above * the right of religious freedom . 
  another example would be honor killings in several middle-eastern religious groups of immigrants . 
  should they be allowed to kill people for religious reasons ? 
  what if the supposed victim is n't part of the religion ? 
  the stupid idea to allow religions to do what they want and basically put religion above all other rights is what has hurt society for the past centuries . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  especially , what if the children in this case do n't want to become jewish ? 
  religion is fine , as long as people are voluntary members , religion does not affect non-members , and as long as all other basic rights trump the rights a religion might have . 
  so , if i start a religion where we rip babies eyes out after birth , would that also be okay ? 
  which was broken anyway . 
  a german journalist tried it , even without ever being controlled or showing his badge he could go into stadiums through holes in the fence , walk into the rooms of the players , go onto the field , etc. 
   close to the danish border you wat mate ? 
  interestingly , we 're seeing a similar situation in xenophobic populism in many parts of europe nowadays , often aimed towards muslims . 
  i just hope brexit takes the wind out of the sails of those movements , and prevents another hitler from gaining power . 
  a deal that 's as good for the eu as possible . 
  even if that fucks over the uk . 
  their wellbeing is no concern for us anymore . 
  simple . 
  you just block anything they want from you until they do what you want . 
  basically , extortion . 
  aka , force . 
   france certainly did n't `` force '' germany to do anything . 
  except , it 's an accepted historic fact that they did force germany into the euro to get more control over the german economy , and said they 'd only allow reunification under that condition . 
  not having schengen would destroy the eu even more . 
  and since a few weeks ago , the outer borders are now controlled by the european border and coast guard instead of national border guards , so that issue is solved , too . 
  funnily , even in the game media , the articles from gamestar are used by lots of magazines internationally , especially their videos . 
  well , that 's why normally you call randomly 10 % of population , and ask them exactly one question : `` if this sunday another referendum would happen , would you vote leave or remain ? '', 
  that 's how proper polling works . 
  the companies in britain producing and refining all those products . 
  it 's not like there 's a limitation due to geography , local ressources , and cost of labour . 
  and the beauty products ? 
  that 's the big expense . 
  dyes , shampoo , etc. 
   sure they could , but why would they ? 
  they 'd alienate an ally ... look at the european countries ( sure , it 's out of corruption , but still a good example ) trying to force google to pay for google news excerpts . 
  result : google news is unreachable in several countries , and in other countries the laws were repelled just after days of google putting a big `` your government wants us to shut down google '' disclaimer on the frontpage . 
   if they force that on us , it 's our politicians job to counter that ... vote against it . 
  then the us will just suspend all trade with you . 
  guess what your population will do if tomorrow whatsapp , instagram , google , snapchat , etc wo n't work anymore , their android and apple phones will stop working , and you got quite a lot of issues . 
   there 's no need to compete ... why would you want to compete ? 
  and on what level ? 
  it 's just trade , focus on what you 're good at ( transport , water-management , shipbuilding ) . 
  simple , we need to compete to avoid the issue mentioned above . 
  we 're dependent on a nation that gives us zero ability to have a say in their decisions .
