  the eu allows us to have a vote . 
  are they really competing ? 
  they 're basically satellites of the eu , and are n't competing with the us at all . 
  look at their economy , do you see many new companies started there ? 
  do you see the swiss forcing their laws on half of the world ? 
  or do you see google and facebook in the us , forcing their way on the rest of the world , and see tpp and ttip enforce us laws in other countries ? 
  especially with multinationals and treaties like tpp and ttip , we see the us try to force their laws more and more on other nations . 
  if you want to avoid that , the eu is large enough to prevent it . 
  but just look at japan , or south korea , or australia . 
  all countries that already end up far more dependent on the us than iceland is on the eu . 
  well , they still claim germany is just a for-profit corporation owned by the americans and operated by the jewish world conspiracy . 
  well , at least some of them do . 
  and gedeon , who caused the split , is angry that the afd does n't agree with him : he says the holocaust never happens . 
  the issue i see is that basically all the growth in those years has been fueled by the eu , again -- moving the eu growth to the uk and germany . 
  except , in the meantime the us and china got a lot larger . 
  competing with them is only possible if you 're similarly large and powerful . 
  and i 'd really hate to see a world controlled by the us , china or russia . 
  the eu is the only alternative . 
  not really either , because they still do n't properly deal with external funding . 
  ( and still a thousand more issues ), 
  actually , it often can be . 
   make itself less competitive so that finance does not go there no , we want the rest of the world to raise taxes so we do n't get that race to the bottom . 
  no , this sub wants the uk to remain -- it just does n't believe the uk has a future outside . 
  it only counts stem , only counts english-language publications , does n't count situations where research happens at the uni , but is funded by other entities ( like funding through the fraunhofer society , for example ) , and a thousand more issues , like its scores being impossible to replicate . 
  that 's even more of a reason to automate you . 
  think of the bonuses your boss would get !, 
  well , i 'm lucky : compsci , not just programming , and also do some management . 
  i 'll have a chance at a job for many more years than the normal programmers that code is nowadays outsourced to . 
  i 'm a compsci student , so , yes ? 
  if that 's all you do , it 's likely that you will get automated away , though . 
  sooner rather than later . 
  their consumer-side ? 
  indeed . 
  it 's shit . 
  but their business products are actually really great -- just expensive . 
  not really . 
  they just have to retract financial passporting . 
  and the eu is the only place in the world that has that even . 
  dead as in `` suicide with 20 shots to the back of the head '', 
   as well as the european court of human rights . 
  that 's actually being done . 
  in comparison , dax , ftse100 , ftse250 , dow jones : https://www.google.co.uk/finance?chdnp=1&amp;chdd=1&amp;chds=1&amp;chdv=1&amp;chvs=maximized&amp;chdeh=0&amp;chfdeh=0&amp;chdet=1467732600000&amp;chddm=30&amp;chls=intervalbasedline&amp;cmpto=indexdb:dax;indexdjx:.dji;indexftse:ukx;indexdb:mdax&amp;cmptdms=1;1;0;1&amp;q=indexftse:mcx&amp;ntsp=0&amp;ei=g7t7v8niayebsggzqr7qag, 
  is bbq 'd sausage okay , and some flens ? 
  then sure :d, 
  indeed . 
  but , right now , after brexit ? 
  investors just want to get rid of risk , want stability for a while . 
  and travis ci , something almost every dev in the modern hip-nodejs-world will be familiar with . 
  berlin is huge , and can expand into all of brandenburg , because that 's literally a post-soviet wasteland . 
  eh , more like `` want to have a chance at succeeding ? 
  move to a single market with at least 300mio customers '' . 
  that 's one of the points why the us is so amazing for startups : you can reach everyone , easily . 
  startups do n't care about regulations anyway and break them all the time , but having a big market is far more relevant . 
  risk of investment . 
  if you want to invest in something new -- especially common for startups -- you already have enough risk around you , no need to add additional risks by starting in uk . 
  additionally , startups require a large home market -- dach has 120 million people , if you also do your product in english and launch it in commonwealth and us , you get another 400 million . 
  the entire soviet germany is crazily underpopulated , while in the rest of the country we ca n't build apartments fast enough . 
  long-term , though , we can surely fit in another 60 million . 
  that 's crap . 
  for businesses , 100gbps is easy to get in berlin : https://www.versatel.de/business/kompetenz/glasfaser/ausbau/berlin ( in fact , in many german cities ) . 
  ** come to germany !, 
  ** * [ 100gbps internet for businesses , everywhere !, 
  ] ( https://www.versatel.de/business/kompetenz/glasfaser/ausbau/berlin ) ^ ( terms and conditions apply , only in larger cities ) * you can get direct access to de-cix , giving you fast peering with approximately every isp globally . 
  obviously , datacenters with direct peering agreements with most isps are available everywhere . 
  * language of business is still english -- even if it might seem different . 
  * and you get 120 million customers in your home market of d a ch . 
  german here , heard you can mow my lawn , do we have a deal ? 
  probably because germany is , for investors , perfect : 120 million people directly reachable in dach , slow , but sustainable and risk-free growth , zero volatility , enough people to do the jobs . 
  yes , i do identify with it more than with europe . 
  germany is just another collection of a bunch of states , if i 'm part of one such federation ( de ) or another ( eu ) , does n't really change things . 
  that has n't been true for a few years already : http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/world/europe/article4578486.ece http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11981847/migration-crisis-eu-gambles-on-sweeteners-for-africa.html, 
  the eu is paying good money to eritrea , so that they will accept any refugees the eu might want to deport to them . 
  if a refugee can not be deported back into their home country , because it is unknown , ertirean nationality is assumed instead . 
  it 's a very problematic , and inhumane deal , but the current situation . 
  actually , the eu has found a solution : eritrea . 
  actually , that 's wrong . 
  look at the history of how germany was formed . 
  first , a bunch of seperate nations . 
  then , the german customs union , a free trade area , which quickly gained political and social integration . 
  a few decades later , a federal system . 
  to this date , states have full control over most laws , have completely different education systems , sometimes different official languages ( sh being most prominent with having danish and platt in addition to high german ) , etc. 
  each has their own constitution , and many are historically independent nations that came together . 
  so , yes , germany is comparable to what the eu could look like in 200 years . 
  ( and i think of myself as schleswig-holsteiner , and as european , but not really as germany - especially considering i have more in common with the danish than with the bavarians ), 
   by not building in the massive regulatory obesity of the current one it 's required , though . 
  90 % of the eu 's regulations are basically `` germany has a regulation , france has one , uk has one , all are incompatible . 
  let 's make a compatible one '' . 
  and that 's how you get cucumber laws , banana laws , etc. 
  and there 's not much of an alternative to that . 
  i mean , how would you suggest these things should be done instead ? 
  sure , but with water i can control a lot easier how much i consume . 
   language does not develop based on authoritarian logic . 
  the dialect of a society at any given time owes itself more and more to the material conditions of its time . 
  except when it does -- in germany and france , due to government entities definining the language , the way common people use it can be changed , and is changed . 
   that privileges the mega-corporations lol . 
  the mega-corporations the eu constantly fines , bans , etc ? 
  so , you 'd also say if the state of new york would leave the us , they 'd be well off ? 
  reality is , they wo n't . 
  i totally agree , sadly , uk , france , italy , netherlands , etc all disagreed with it . 
  and now france , poland and germany want to do this anyway .
