  the munich s-bahn wo n't run between frankfurt and paris anytime soon , nor will the ice 4 . 
  the ice 4 is to replace routes like kiel -- berlin ( currently a eurocity ) or kiel -- basel ( currently an ice 1 ) with modern trains . 
   design max is 230-250km / h , depending on configuration design max is 330km/h https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ice_3  better get your facts straight . 
  your suggestion would make trains completely useless in germany . 
  slower than airplanes , just as far out of the city , with just as slow controls , and more expensive . 
  the whole point people use trains is because they 're directly in cities , which means they can avoid the 2h transfer time to the next airport . 
   250km/h tops wrong on several routes , the trains are running 360km/h + , faster than even in japan . 
   the next-gen high-speed trains drops to 200km/h . 
  that also only applies to ice gen 1 and 2 , which have a max speed of 160km/h , and are now replaced with 200km/h ones . 
  so , the replacement actually increases the speed on most lines -- the slower lines , say , kiel -- l\u00fcbeck -- berlin , which are currently operated with ic or ec , and will be replaced with ice 4 . 
   every fucking local politician in medium-sized towns can leverage the rail operator into stopping their high-speed trains there wrong , this only applies to the ice gen 1 and 2 , for ice gen 3 there 's a seperate system with no local influence  french tgv 's have to brake after crossing the border into germany and the announcer regularly cracks jokes about the german railway system . 
  false , that 's because of different signaling systems , the ice gen 3 on the route frankfurt -- paris can run at 360km/h the whole duration , but thalys and tgv do n't fully support the seperate signaling systems  high-speed trains go into the inner cities where the stations from the 19th and early 20th century are located . 
  france frequently builds completely new stations at the periphery of towns so the trains do n't have to go slow for so long . 
  this is wrong . 
  the tgv also runs to inner city train stations , only thalys does n't , and that 's for cost reasons . 
  and the whole point of a train network is that you can go from city to city , quick and fast . 
  the actual solution , as is being done in stuttgart now , and has been done in many other cities before , is to put the trains on bridges or into tunnels in the city , which allows them to operate with 250km/h + in cities overall , your comment is complete bullshit . 
  seize their property ? 
  we 've done the same here several times if they did n't want to sell . 
  germany has an average delay of about 2 minutes , japan of about 40 seconds . 
  in both cases , delays  1h will obviously end up in the newspaper . 
  yes , german ones are several times more delayed , but that depends obviously on where you are . 
  there are lines where every second train is delayed due to a suicide , and other lines where there have n't been delays in years . 
  i 'm not sure `` infinitely better '' is a comparison that can be made , unless you compare tokyo with a german rural village . 
  ( also , likely one would have to count suburban and urban lines into it -- both in german cities and in tokyo those have a large effect on transportation , and not counting them could skew the results ), 
  hm , so my back-of-the-envelope calculation was off by a factor of three . 
  still , not nearly as bad as it 's always claimed , which would be `` canada has a factor of 20 lower population density '' . 
  with this , canada can actually operate reasonable train services in those corridors . 
  not exactly a crazy grid like germany , with train stations within of an hour biking of everywhere , but good enough . 
  the `` chicago - quebec '' line looks promising , and toronto - nyc , too btw , this is one of germany : http://www.bueker.net/trainspotting/maps/germany/germany.gif, 
  well , i use them every few weeks , they 're actually affordable ( 15-22 $ for 100km ) , fast ( 140km/h for regional rail , 360km/h for high speed trains ) , quiet and clean , and tend to be quite comfortable comparable to other modes of transit . 
  the average regional rail train here looks like this http://abload.de/img/1ewu9k.jpg , so it 's also not too crowded . 
  in my city of 200k , about 100km from the next larger city away , we have 12 train stations and 7 regional and 3 high speed rail lines , 
  well , population density in canada is n't an issue either -- in the southern 5 % of the country where 95 % of the population live , they have the same density as germany . 
  i just wanted to provide a nice counterexample . 
  actually , germany 's network has been growing steadily since around 2000 again , and almost all old routes are active again . 
  it obviously depends on how much the network is supported by society and politics , and how much corruption affects it . 
   nowhere in any keto discussion will you find people telling you to eat fried chicken all damn day . 
  6 out of 8 people trying to tell me to do keto told me , to quote `` you can eat as much as you want , as long as it has no carbs '' . 
  other common statements i heard were `` you ca n't just subtract calories in/out , the body is n't a machine , carbs have hundreds of times more hidden calories that * they * do n't want you to know about '', 
  so , it 's literally like every diet , ever , except instead of `` low fat '' or `` low sugar '' or `` low ( whatever is the flavour of the month now ) '' it 's `` low carbs '' . 
  little tip : humans have been thin since the neolithics while eating a mostly-carb diet . 
  at least you 're a keto-supporter that still follows reason . 
  6 of 8 i 've met claimed that `` it does n't just work with calories in/out , the body is n't a machine '' and `` you can eat as much as you want , as long as it has no carbs '' . 
  wow , what a strawman . 
  also , you 're not on keto for dietary reasons , but for other health reasons then , so you do n't count anyway . 
  and as i said , the `` you can eat as much fat as you want and wo n't get fat '' claim that many keto-supporters do is plain wrong . 
  fat is n't the devil , sugar is n't the devil , eating too much calories is the devil , eating highly processed food is the devil . 
  humans have lived since the neolithicum eating lots of starch-based foods , and have lived hundredthousands of years before that eating meat-based foods . 
  and no health issues happened . 
  yet , as soon as highly processed foods appeared , we all got fat . 
  there 's no correlation to support the keto-supporters claim of carbonhydrates being the devil , but there 's a correlation to support the claim that highly processed foods are the reason for our obesity epidemic . 
  and , again , obviously this is general advice -- if your doctors say something different , / u/dickbutts3000 , they 'll obviously have fine-tuned a far better diet for you , personally . 
  yeah , yet eating deep-fried chicken wings all day \u00e9n masse is considered okay under keto diet . 
  ( tip : you 'll gain weight doing that ) . 
  the real reaosn why you lost weight , the acne , etc : you started buying more fresh food , prepared more of it yourself , and ate less heavily processed products . 
  and then germany splits into 16 states , those join the eu seperately , and germany has 16 times the voting power ? 
  that just calls for manipulation . 
  the only fair way is to give every person the same voting power . 
  why should a german get less voting power than you ? 
  why give voting power to something as random as a nationality , and not instead people themselves ? 
  nationalities are things of the past anyway . 
  but different people have the same amount of votes !, 
  it 's always one million people ( no matter if they 're german , dutch , or czech ) per parliamentarian . 
  not just the eu , / u/zefo _ dias would n't accept any trade deal , and would likely end up with a country embargoed by everyone . 
  cause that 's kinda how politics works . 
  seriously , learning about politics should become mandatory in schools , we 're seeing here exactly why . 
  you 're delusional . 
  a foreign empire ruling you is a case you 'd rather see than you taking part in a democratic federation ? 
  wtf is wrong with you . 
  that 's another long-term suggestion , but does n't help in the short term . 
  you decided to join this . 
  you also decided to join wipo , which makes automatically all us copyright laws apply in your country , and you joined the wto , which automatically sets maximum tariffs you can set . 
  and i 'm sure you use google , which can easily ignore your local laws , and dictate terms to your people and companies . 
  the modern world means you ca n't just do whatever you want . 
  if you want that your government has no one that ever dictates something to them , you need to abolish national states and have a world government . 
  otherwise someone will always dictate terms to you . 
  the eu at least gives you the power to veto every decision seperately , and to vote for the people making the decisions . 
  if you leave the eu , you can either do a ttip like deal with the us or china , where you have nothing t say in anymore , or you can just stop trading internationally , and end up like north korea . 
  i 'm not sure you understand how international politics works , but you 're currently enjoying the best possible situation you can have . 
   no i dont have `` as many power as you '' , because , for some reason , your country has more votes than mine in the parliment . 
  such is an intolerable situation and thankfully is being solved in our own . 
  slowly but steady . 
  because your country has less people !, 
  every european citizen has the same amount of votes in the parliament -- about 0.000001 seats per citizen . 
  that means your voice , and my voice , ist literally just as powerful . 
   such is an intolerable situation and thankfully is being solved in our own . 
  slowly but steady . 
  that would mean you getting more power than me . 
  already today every dutch citizen has 4 times the power of a german , every swedish has 12 times the power of a german . 
  smaller countries get even more power . 
   and you get angry because you cant tolerate people who think you should not have any kind of say on how they rule themselves . 
  no , i get angry because you are just an idiot and troll . 
  you fail to realize that democracy always works by giving away your ability to rule yourself to the group . 
  if that means letting berlin control you , or brussel , or london , or bratislava does n't matter , as long as you have the same power as everyone else who is affected . 
  germany did , greece refused to accept them . 
  the eu then gave greece an ultimatum at which point greece would be expelled of the euro , and all funding and debt cuts would be taken back , unless they 'd accept . 
  greece accepted only a few hours before the ultimatum ran out , and complained about a loss of sovereignty . 
  you have exactly as much power over me as i have over you . 
  you force your own opinion on me , because your tiny country has as much of a voice as mine in the council , which makes my opinion smaller .
