  this is only possible , though , if both countries share * the same laws * . 
  yes , that 's why i also linked the first one . 
  interestingly , ukip and tories used the echr as argument for brexit , arguing that the echr is dictatorship over the uk and should be left . 
  he is just as elected as david cameron or angela merkel are . 
  the parliament elects the head of state , after being elected by the people . 
  they 're on / r/all at least once a month , and they have n't even invented polandball -- that was a bunch of people on krautchan . 
  they 'd deserve a national campaign with a link to their subreddit to be on every bus , every billboard , everywhere . 
  exactly . 
  and now they 'll get what they deserve . 
  and mmp has all the advantages of both , that 's why it 's used everywhere . 
   oh really ? 
  like how france , germany and the netherlands need access to the uk market ? 
  or how the eu has free trade agreements that do n't amount to effective membership with other countries in the world ? 
  germany , france and netherlands are sector 2 economies , and otherwise internet-focused sector 3 economies . 
  the uk is a banking and law focused sector 2 economy . 
  alone 30 % of the british gdp is made by banks and law firms in the city of london with legal and banking services for eu citizen . 
  this requires passporting . 
  sure , you could get a free trade treaty -- but then the banks in the city of london could not make business with eu citizen , because that requires passporting . 
  corporate passporting , in return , requires that the same laws apply in both areas -- which means , if the uk leaves , they have to lose it . 
  but westminster was elected by people in england , and rules over scotland , too !, 
  does n't that apply here , too ? 
   true , the austro-hungarian empire only lasted for a brief while , but consider the holy roman empire ( holy roman empire of the german nation ) instead . 
  even a far better example . 
  the german customs union , which turned into the german empire , which , over time , turned into the weimar republic and the modern federal german republic . 
  that 's basically a mini-eu in history , culture , languages , and everything . 
  as a german , the eu is not any more legitimate than the german government -- a federal government grown out of closer integration of a free trade treaty ( wikipedia : german customs union ) . 
  yet no one complained back then . 
  requirements for mifir : being member of the eea . 
  lol . 
  because we gave those fuckers everything they wanted , and they still wanted more . 
  one exception after another . 
  they 're like the bavaria of the eu , fucking believe they 're something better , and constantly meddle in politics . 
  just going to remind you : according to the / r/polandball rules , which you find in the / r/polandball sidebar , on subreddits as large as this , one should not mention / r/polandball -- or one gets banned , as i have been . 
  just in case , remember , do not mention / r/polandball . 
  deutsche bahn owns a lot of them through several levels of shell companies , like arriva . 
  it 's pretty interesting -- for example , in the nl , there are some train companies , owned by the dutch national railway , owned by arriva denmark , owned by arriva uk , owned by deutsche bahn . 
  no tariffs . 
  they get their free trade . 
  but they wo n't get corporate passporting . 
  that means uk banks ca n't operate in the eu anymore , uk law firms ca n't operate in the eu anymore , etc , unless they move their hq into the eu . 
  that 's why all the banks are leaving the uk already . 
   what should a country do to express their criticism of eu leadership and what should they do if they do n't want to comply with certain rules ? 
  if they stay they have to obey the rules , right ? 
  simple , vote in the eu elections . 
  that 's how farage got into the eu parliament and could continually block good laws from being made . 
   it 's strange how if the uk wants to trade with the eu we have to accept freedom of movement , that was n't a rule when we joined the eec , and it 's not a rule we enforce with any other trading partners , and it was n't a rule of the trade agreements with other countries that we gave up to join the eec . 
  free movement of labour will not happen , unless our next pm decides to go against the wishes of the population . 
  what the brexiters are saying is , that is off the table , now we should work out what is the best deal we can do for both parties with that in mind . 
  [ ... ]  your predictions are laughable , most tariffs are around 1 or 2 % , with protected industries getting up to around 10 % . 
  well , simply , you miss one important fact : no other trade deal included corporate passporting , allowing a company in country a to sell under country as laws in country b. 
  31 % to 57 % of the uk economy depends on that : the entire banking , legal and services sectors . 
  imagine the uk without all the banks , law firms , etc. 
  that alone is 31 % of your economy gone . 
  and all of them require being able to sell to the eu . 
   the new uk government will have to convince eu member states to give concessions which politically are impossible to accept . 
  so good luck with that . 
  and that in the middle of elections in germany and france , where people are demanding the government to be hard on the uk . 
   and while losing the english and welsh market will hurt the eu and germany a bit , it 's not even close to being a wash . it 's not even really losing -- with so many people and jobs moving , the markets are just moving to the eu , too . 
  they did . 
  just nobody saw it . 
  https://gfycat.com/silkyboringhorsechestnutleafminer https://www.theguardian.com/culture/video/2016/apr/25/patrick-stewart-sketch-what-has-the-echr-ever-done-for-us-video, 
  i 'm german , and almost everyone is really pissed off at the brits . 
  stop spreading false assumptions , this is really the general opinion . 
  yes , the uk depends on the us , but the us does n't depend on the uk . 
  you kinda proved his point . 
  the uk is number 10 or so in countries the us imports from , but the us is number 1 in countries the uk exports to . 
  the condition was `` uk does n't leave '' . 
  that 's it . 
  northern and great western are both arriva . 
  there 's a bunch more , but i do n't know their names right now . 
  london crossrail and overground are also arriva . 
  it 's also on their own homepage still : http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/why_vote_leave, 
   there are lots of different companies involved in the process of which 90 % are owned by deutsche bahn ( or its subsidy arriva ) , which is a horribly corrupt company . 
  typical german privatized company , corruption everywhere , trying to get a monopoly , and shitty service . 
  from t-mobile to arriva , from dhl to deutsche bank , it 's all too expensive , shitty service , and just bribes politicans to ignore them violating regulations . 
  aka , shit . 
  so why not prevent poor people from moving between scotland and england , too ? 
  or even moving at all ? 
  just force them to live in their apartment until they get richer . 
  yet they did n't lose the contract to date . 
  people bribing the government to privatize the train company for cheaper , then bribing their way out of regulations ? 
  that 's corruption, 
  everyone else can veto it , do n't worry . 
  this is just a showerthought from the politicians `` hey , what if we do x '', 
  here 's the article without paywall : http://www.wsj.com/article_email/s-p-strips-u-k-of-triple-a-credit-rating-1467050234-lmyqjaxmta2mji3nzmynjc1wj, 
  the corruption in everything britain privatized in the past decades ? 
  look at the train system outside london . 
  the states accepted such a deal . 
  and the eu is practically also one country -- the eu countries have n't negotiated in any international matter for over 40 years , instead they 've always been represented by the eu . 
  britain does n't even have negotiators anymore . 
   i 'm sorry , but nowhere else in the world do you have to have free movement of people while also having your government partially intervened with . 
  eh , yes , you do , in the us . 
  and nowhere else do you have that much free trade . 
  if the jobs are still open in a few years , i 'll do it for sure !, 
  ( german studying compsci atm ), 
  informed referendum - good referendum purely based on an emotional campaign where one side admits afterwards everything they said was a lie - bad, 
   it started in 2015 you did n't read the newspapers ? 
  already in 2013 and 2014 the refugee numbers multiplied tenfold . 
  you might have noticed that anything the eu does is always evil . 
  yeah , that 's why everyone hates the commission adnt he council .
