american states decided to put unfair taxes on our lumber , so they could advantage their businesses . 
  what do you do as a business when a whole state or country is ignoring the deal ? 
  well , then why does n't the treaty also set minimum tax percentages , and minimum wages ? 
  i mean , that 's what the people opposing trade globalism are talking about : these treaties remove trade barriers , which in turn lead to a race-to-the-bottom in wages . 
  we 've seen the same within the eu already ( with many german jobs being outsourced to romania ) , and if a treaty limits protectionism , it should also require that both countries have the highest taxes either of them had before , and the highest wages . 
  or maybe because you still have more stabbings than western europe ? 
  just fyi , the racists here in western europe despise only one group of people more than middle eastern people : you eastern europeans . 
  so , maybe stop with that racist rhetoric , or you could yourself become target of it . 
  it was a choice between the eu -- a democratically elected entity regulating interstate commerce -- and , as boris and nigel proposed , a ttip like treaty for europe . 
  what did you vote in the last election in ' 14 ? 
  i voted for julia reda and her pirates ... 
  `` live action '' is rarely live action either . 
  almost everything in avengers , for example , is cg , actors recorded in studio , and facemapped . 
  so there 's no true difference there either . 
  so , you do n't want treaties , but instead a democratic multinational parliament deciding interstate commerce ? 
  wait , that 's exactly why we should give this power to the eu , where we can replace the politicians every 4 years and repeal those decisions . 
  actually , at least for movies distributed by disney , they apply exactly the same filters to them . 
  they 're exactly mixed the same way , modified the same way , even recorded with the same microphones . 
  disney also does some reshoots every now and then to adapt text shown in the movie and translate it into german , especially if they already use cg in the first place . 
  if you watch german high quality dubs , the only reason you feel a difference is your personal opinion -- there 's no noticeable difference . 
  you do know how movies are mixed in the original , though ? 
  each actor is recorded with a seperate microphone , sometimes the lines are even fixed in studio , and then everything is mixed back together . 
  yes , even in the english original . 
  there 's no difference between high quality german dubs and the english original . 
  wow , then the picture is misleading . 
  the methodology claimed in the picture says something very different . 
  so how do you ensure the social systems to continue working ? 
  how do you ensure everyone can keep an apartment , an acceptable lifestyle , 400 $ a month at the lowest minimum , even when not working ? 
  how can you ensure that if all companies operate without paying taxes , but using governmental systems ? 
  you are proposing a dictatorship of corporations , while completely ignoring that the only thing societies should care about are the average citizen ? 
   the entire point of it is that one ought to be free to say things that do not incite violence . 
  and with that your comment is already considered a `` 0 '' in this study , because `` some types of speech can be regulated by the government '' -- specifically , in your comment , those that incite violence . 
  that 's exactly why germany is below the us -- because germans say exactly what your comment said . 
   they have other weird position . 
  they are against nuclear energy as this was a very big topic in the 80s but now it would actually be better to keep nuclear power that alone shows you have no idea of anything . 
  so , how do you finance your state if you collect no corporate tax , and companies have automated everything and have no workers , so you have no income tax either ? 
  that 's exactly the race to the bottom no one wants . 
  you need to have tariffs to allow you to have higher taxes , with the tariffs being trade barriers for companies from countries with lower taxes , to keep your companies competitive . 
  no , but elected officials have that control . 
  classical isds courts have the sued country selecting one judge , and the suing company selecting another judge ( and the third has to be agreed on by both ) . 
  obviously , that 's completely inacceptable , and why ics is so much of an improvement . 
  so , try to make a treaty that the population actually wants ? 
  start with the ics in the first place instead of isds , focus on things that improve the situation of the population a lot -- not just that of investors . 
  the one and only responsibility of a government is to its citizen . 
  and you just explained why no citizen will agree to having trade disputes settled by judges over whose selection they have no control . 
  germany is heavily for that . 
  and we might actually get it . 
  if a doctor refuses to do a necessary medical procedure out of religious or political reasons , they should lose their job . 
  they have the responsibility to do whatever is necessary for their patient to survive , even if it 's the enemy , or god said they ca n't , or whatever . 
  actually , the us bombed yet another msf hospital only last month . 
  there 's kinda a pattern there . 
  actually , that 's exactly what 's happening , and often it 's a cruel practice , families being broken apart , people being ripped right out of lives . 
  they come right in the night , knock at your door , ask you to get dressed and pack up , and escort you to the airport . 
  it 's easy to tell , but is it easy to fix ? 
  remember , shell 's still moving that oil platform every few months between the us and canada to get tax benefits , everyone knows it 's happening , but the loophole still has n't been closed . 
  yeah , because that has worked so well in the past , and you ca n't just do minor steps to modify the product so it counts as produced in that country . 
   for starters , i 'd be interested about the usa 's supposed role in a eu-canada deal . 
  simple , tariffs and any other regulation between eu and us are void now , as companies can go between us and canada due to nafta without problems , and between canada and eu due to ceta . 
  but i did . 
  i said hatred of the british state is justified , he accused me of hating the british people . 
  if canada allows the eu parliament to pass laws that apply in canada , we can do a full integration . 
  but that 's the difference you 're refusing to understand . 
  having jurisdiction vs. not having jurisdiction over the companies that rob your citizen . 
  apple pays 0.005 % , google and facebook ignore all consumer protection laws , and are only getting off on technicalities . 
  that is not `` dealing just fine '' . 
  especially because they violated antitrust laws to destroy european competition , and also got away with it . 
  and now the energy companies are suing against the energiewende because the new laws reduce their profits unfairly . 
  if that is `` just fine '' , then a nuclear war would also be just `` a minor inconvenience '' . 
  you know , less than a 6th of the eu citizen lives in germany . 
  if you just go and vote during the next election for a party to end all german industry , you can do that , and get it 85 % + of the seats in parliament , and the power over the commission . 
  that 's the big difference . 
  your votes control german multinationals . 
  but not canadian ones . 
  so you 're saying the english are the same as the scottish , and one culture , and one people ? 
  now that surely wo n't get any protest . 
  well , that 's exactly why we have to keep the multinationals in control . 
  with the french and the germans in the eu both , the eu always ensures to keep the balance between protecting consumers ( or the french go on strike ) and protecting jobs ( or the germans go on strike ) . 
  but with foreign multinationals , we have no way to properly police and control them . 
  we ca n't even properly tax them . 
  like , do you understand the concept of a nation as sociocultural group ? 
  and do you understand that `` uk '' is not a nation ? 
  hi , good point with the russians . 
  i wonder if the american natives genocides should be counted as one , or multiple by nation . 
  that 'd put the us in # 1 . 
  there 's a difference between a nation and a state , you realise that ? 
  no , because they could n't verify the unsourced claims . 
  welt is almost as bad as focus in publishing bullshit . 
  german media ? 
  every 15min , actually . 
  the uk is one nation ? 
  that 'd be new to me . 
  there 's the english nation , the scottish , the welsh , the irish . 
  the uk is n't a nation , and it 's not a people . 
  it 's purely a legal construct . 
  where did i say i hated the british people ? 
  i said i hate the uk , that 's a governmental entity with a bunch of retards making decisions , not a people . 
  actually , quite often they do drive around with the explosives , as detonating them in an urban area is a very very bad idea . 
  that does sound quite a bit like today . 
  oh hey , our favourite corporate shill again !, 
  hi , what 's up today ?
