  already today we 're the largest economy in the world , and have the highest standard of living . 
  superpower , in the classical sense , does n't just mean being able to project power , but more about getting the most out of the global situation , being able to get the best deals . 
  european united federation of planets, 
  democracy implies that the people have an understanding of what they vote for , and are not bought or influenced by lies ( 350 million for the nhs ) or other propaganda . 
  in the 900 years until the uk leaves , zombie attat\u00fcrk will just take over the country again , and make turkey secular again . 
  comparing a democratic entity you can leave easily with something you had to go to war with to leave , with many people dying , is quite insensitive, 
  it already is a salty shitpost , that 's the point . 
  yeah , we 'd rather create our own one than to become a vassal of the us , russia or china . 
  that 's kinda the entire point of joining to become a superpower, 
  well , germany had some train crashes with the country coming to a halt , so it 's not unprecedented . 
  say , you want to allow someone to queue up elements in a list - for example , you send a list of financial transactions to a server to be processed , but the server ca n't process all at once , so you put them in a queue , the first that came in will be the first the server takes out and processes , and so on . 
  lifo/filo , on the other hand , is used in , for example , a stack . 
  look at what farage and the johnson proposed . 
  they proposed to replace the eu with a set of free trade treaties , this time including the us . 
  less than 18 % of germans would be willing to even pick up arms if the enemy was at the gates , the number of germans willing to * die * for germany is even lower . 
  foreigners are more willing to die for germany than germans are . 
  that 's the norm for politicians everywhere . 
  half of the kids of politicians at harvard have ghostwriters . 
  at least here we do something about it , despite slowly . 
  it was n't our church -- it was the bavarian church threatening to sue in front of a federal court against my state !, 
  yeah that 's not how it works . 
  if you have literally anything connected to the identity with which you claimed asylum , you 'll be held responsible . 
  that 's a crime punishable by jail , asylum fraud . 
  yeah , we only get the same exemptions as everyone else now : 1 . 
  tourist cities 2 . 
  train stations 3 . 
  4 sundays a year, 
  which passport ? 
  which id ? 
  those were confiscated the moment you applied for asylum . 
  yes , a permanent exception from sunday working laws for all shops , in the entire state , 52 weeks of the year . 
  the argument : tourist areas are exempt during tourist times . 
  the entire state is a tourist area . 
  our main tourist times are jan 1 - dec 31 . 
  the churches did n't like that argument . 
  well , nothing , until literally anything happens that requires him to identify himself . 
  not anymore . 
  schleswig-holstein tried to get a permanent exception done , but the churches sued , and the resulting case was that federal law -- the sunday working ban -- and religious tradition trumps state law , except for special occasion . 
  no , i mean , you 'll be registered in the new eu database for asylum seekers that is currently being built with fingerprints , and you wo n't be able to leave the country anymore until your asylum claim has been processed , or you 've been deported . 
  well , they 'll confiscate your private belongings in return , and you 'll be registered with fingerprints as asylum seeker . 
  that 's quite a thing . 
  then try applying for a job with a government entity , that 's even more paperwork , lol . 
  and because it would force the eu to take a stance , do something , to cooperate closer , and finally get the bureaucracy fixed . 
  also , remember not to hire her directly , but to hire `` consulting services '' from a shell corporation representing her . 
  then you can deduct more costs from taxes . 
  the project was started by a finnish guy , and the majority of code on my computer that 's running is german . 
  sure , the majority of the kernel might nowadays be american , but in any way , the system i 'm running is not american , neither by founder nor by percentage of current code . 
  what other os is there that 's been started by a finnish guy and continued by a global community ? 
  and my desktop environment is kde , which is mostly a german project . 
  likely not . 
  let 's take me at the moment . 
  over half of the songs the youth radio stations play are german , and close to all music in international charts is written by the swedish ; so the music part is already wrong . 
  i 'm mostly not watching any movies , and if , then bbc or arte documentaries , so also wrong . 
  my electronics are mostly british , german and japanese designs built in china . 
  my os is finnish , most of the internet resources i use are german or french , and democracy is a greek invention and parliamentary democracy a roman one . 
  so , what was your point again ? 
  that 's even worse . 
  well , the issue is that the eu gives too much control to the national states . 
  we 've seen it in the greek crisis , in the refugee crisis , etc. 
  merkel , hollande and co decide everything . 
  instead the power should lie with the elected eu parliament . 
  yes , there is : http://politbarometer2.zdf.de/store/politbarometer/inc_langzeit/html/c854-zufriedenheit-742d5116.png `` approval rate of the government between 2004 and 2016 '', 
  and get gabriel or sch\u00e4uble as chancellor ? 
  no thanks . 
  but `` left '' has a specific definition - this is not a `` left '' movement , because of that . 
  blm could be led by fucking zombie karl marx , and still would n't be left . 
  look at how much students get on government loans and stipends : http://www.studentenwerke.de/de/bafoeg2016, 
  if you rent `` student housing '' , and not just a random apartment , yes . 
  well , even apartments sometimes come furnished . 
  well the subsidized government apartments are also 360 $ a month , so it 's not like it 's expensive . 
  average living costs for students here is 735 $ / mo , overall . 
  it 's meh compared to student housing here . 
  for example , this is student housing where i live : https://twentyfirst.apartments/en/twenty-first-kiel/, 
  well , the simple idea is to replace the ice 3 on those lines where it can only run slower with the ice4 , making it possible to use the ice 3 more on those lines you mentioned . 
  but afaik , the ice 3 should already run there . 
  i 've done 8 first-class trips via ice between hamburg and berlin , and not once have i been in an ice 1 or 2 . 
  only on the trip from berlin directly to kiel i 've been in an ice 2 . 
  the major cities connecting between each other ( berlin -- frankfurt , berlin -- hamburg , berlin -- munich ) are all ice 3 connections . 
  obviously , small towns are n't connected with ice 3 , even to those larger cities . 
  there 's no reason to build the 160km/h max rail connecting kiel out to higher speeds , because the demand just is n't there . 
  and replacing ice 3 with ice 4 wo n't happen , db just spent hundreds of millions replacing the tracks on the ice 3 lines with ones supporting higher speeds , downgrading the train would be useless . 
  the basic issue of db is that it has to operate profitably and serve both a huge rural network ( which is ran at huge losses ) and a high speed network . 
  i could start a train company running only ice trains connecting all the major cities at 500km/h with perfect service easily . 
  but db has to additionally provide train services at least twice a day to every little town . 
  france does n't have that issue . 
  the french train network has 16 cities it directly connects , and about 20 cities it indirectly connects via secondary ( 60km/h max ) lines . 
  the german train network has over 60 major cities in its main lines , and several hundred cities in its secondary lines . 
  if you want to abandon everything except for berlin and munich , you can do that , and have far better service between the cities . 
  but , living in kiel , i have to say you 're just another of those assholes that only care about the 3 or 4 major cities and want the rest of germany to suck it and have no train service at all . 
   i was talking about ice 4 . 
  i know perfectly well how capable ice 3 is and the next gen is a step backward . 
  you could have seen this if you had read my posting with less foam at the mouth . 
  ice 4 is * not * a step backward . 
  ice 4 is not even intended to replace the ice 3 . 
  if you had read what i said , you 'd have noticed that . 
  currently , there are hundreds of lines where the ice 1 and ic and ec are still running . 
  the ice 4 is intended to replace those . 
  do you cry every time a new s-bahn in munich is built because that one is n't faster than the ice , too ? 
  you 're comparing a main-line high speed train ( ice 3 ) with a side-line medium speed train ( ice 4 , ice 1 , ic , ec ) . 
  there 's a bunch of categories of trains : category | trains - | - long-distance high speed | ice 3 long-distance medium speed | ice 2 , ice 1 , ice 4 long-distance low speed | ic , ec short-distance high speed | re short-distance low speed | rb urban high speed | rb urban low speed | s comparing trains from different categories makes no sense .
