  especially as the police can not shoot at people trying to gain entry , and unless they do so , a million of people trying to cross the border will be able to enter . 
  you can not stop them with non-lethal methods , and lethal methods are non-proportional . 
  read the bverfg ruling regarding the change to the constitution regarding the asylum laws . 
  they specifically argued that even despite germany being surrounded by safe countries , germany ca n't just shoot at everyone trying to cross the border . 
  germany has the right to deport people back to another country that will grant / has granted asylum . 
  you have the responsibilities turned around . 
  the legal default is that every country has to grant asylum , unless there is another country which could do so / has done so . 
  ( also read the geneva convention regarding this \u2191 ), 
  there is an obligation to ensure that * someone * grants asylum -- if you know another country will , you do n't have to . 
  that 's correct . 
  but in a situation where greece threatened to open their borders and let the refugees go through all of europe to germany unless they get hundreds of billions , this might have been the wiser decision . 
  each of the things alone is n't that bad , but all combined are basically the point where we have to end that instantly . 
  every person has the right to asylum . 
  at best , she could require people to get an asylum process in greece or hungary , but she ca n't -- as the afd and poland demanded -- take the army and shoot at refugees . 
  you have to remember that if not any little mom & pop store can get the same tax rate as apple , that 's discrimination . 
  which is a good concept , and i support the eu for enforcing it . 
  because we should n't rely on a country that threatened to invade for safety ? 
  so they should rather trust a country that has promised to invade europe if europe would ever try to treat the us fairly ? 
  the den hague invasion act is more than enough reason to justify the end of anything more than trade with the us . 
   americans will always stay our allies i 'd doubt that . 
  the den hague invasion act has shown the us does n't consider us allies , at best they consider us enemies they did a trade deal with . 
  them spying on our citizen has confirmed that , again . 
  and if they elect trump , they can fuck off . 
   uphold and defend the basic law and the laws of the federation which in turn would mean she 'd broke her oath by refusing to accept the refugees . 
   if somebody is an eu citizen , we do n't have control over whether than person can enter and live in the uk or not . 
  yes , you do , you can invoke article 50 . 
  i know many people in those sectors , working unpaid overtime frequently , and likely earning less than they could get in the private sector ( if they were n't 40 + yo ), 
  yeah , sadly gps has coverage problems north of 50 \u00b0 n , and accuracy of civilian gps goes down a lot here . 
  which is why about every mobile phone on the market combines gps and glonass , and , in the future , galileo . 
  ' is two keypresses , \u00b4 is one on german keyboard . 
  and it lookes closer to ' , the actual apostrophe . 
  ( ' is a single quotation mark , or typewriter apostrophe , and is illegal to use in formal german mail ), 
  i want anyone who wants to close borders to at least have to stay there for one day every 4 years and see it . 
  see the families , children , fleeing war getting shot . 
  see the people trying to get a better life being torn apart by dogs and landmines . 
  that 's what you advocate for , and you should realize that it means mass murder . 
  it 's not . 
  mvs elections never have any symbolic meaning for federal elections . 
  last time , the mv parliament had the literal `` nazi party deutschland '' in it , this time it 's the afd . 
  do n't bother , even / r/kiel is dead . 
  and we got like thousands of users on reddit from the city . 
  ( we found each other when some image from kiel came to the frontpage i think ), 
   as you mention the bahncard 100 does n't apply to other forms of public transport outside of trains , another inconvenience for the public in my opinion . 
  actually , bahncard 100 does apply in some cities . 
  the funny thing is , dutch national railways , most of british train companies , and the german national railway company ... ... are all the same company . 
  all of them belong directly to deutsche bahn , or arriva , which belongs to deutsche bahn . 
  even parts of london 's transit system belong to deutsche bahn . 
  german rail safety ads are also quite fun : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8zwf3dol_c, 
  yes , it will : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8zwf3dol_c, 
  yet . 
  we can just hope that the eu will someday actually decide to fix that corruption in greece , because obviously elections do n't do anything . 
   this is unofficially named as an `` economic measure '' by the same politicians that appoint their 6th cousins as their 12th secretary . 
  and that 's why the austerity measures actually hurt : because , instead of firing the 11 secretaries , they fire the doctors . 
  and that 'll continue as long as the government is corrupt . 
  i only saw one briefly in the tagesschau when gauck left , but that was so weird ... 
  yeah , a government that funds al nusra and has funded the is in the past is an awesome ally !, 
   the only `` parades '' we have are the changing of the guard , for big events ( like the 70th anniversary of d-day , armistice day ) or local ones when soldiers come home . 
  compared to germany , that * is * militaristic . 
  the last real german parade was decades ago , the closest thing there is is when a president resigns and the military orchestra plays . 
  you already provided them for me , yourself . 
  what countries went to war to leave the eu ? 
   none countries that did not go to war to leave the eu :  the rest that left ----- so , we see , the eu can not be compared with an empire , because even the most benevolent empire there ever was forced more colonies to go to war to leave , in absolute and relative terms . 
  thanks . 
  and i will still claim oceans contain water . 
  and you can still say you saw some salt in an ocean before . 
  you 're mentioning a meaningless anecdote in an entire sea of counterexamples . 
  and remember , kids , no one died when the us got independence from the uk !, 
  the plural of anecdote is not anec ** data **, 
  eh , you realize that my other link is linked on wikipedia ? 
  which shows that you have n't actually checked the dates at all ? 
   especially without statehood , is laughable . 
  no one ever said that . 
   do something as simple and obvious as standardising your tax rates and i 'll begin to start taking the eu semi seriously . 
  we already have , vat is controlled by the eu already , and the eu sets min and max limits for other taxes , too . 
  i 'd like to point you towards the scholarly articles discussing that topic ( no , you do n't have to even have a military to be a superpower ) : overview : [ european union as an emerging superpower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_as_an_emerging_superpower ) opinion piece from mark leonard , former director of foreign policy at the centre for european reform ( 2005-2007 ) : [ europe : the new superpower ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/in-the-press/europe-new-superpower ), 
  the majority of scholars disagree with you on that , and the v4 states do , too . 
  the eu has definitely the potential to become a superpower ( maybe not of same scale as the us , but of larger scale than russia , maybe comparable in scale to china ) . 
  but that requires us all striving for and working towards that aim . 
  so you 'd rather be someone 's vassal ? 
  you want to be bossed around by some bureaucrats you did n't even elect ? 
  the entire point of the eu is , instead of becoming vassal of some other superpower and following their laws , to do your own one , with dach , benelux , france and v4 , and to allow us to make our own laws instead of being bossed around . 
  yes , but i 'm saying we 're building a superpower here , not that we 're there yet . 
  overview : [ european union as an emerging superpower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_as_an_emerging_superpower ) opinion piece from mark leonard , former director of foreign policy at the centre for european reform ( 2005-2007 ) : [ europe : the new superpower ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/in-the-press/europe-new-superpower ) and look at the current proposals . 
  germany , france , and the entire east want a common military and security policy . 
  the eu just got a single border force , and started unifying foreign policy ( which will be finished with the common military ) the eu has a federal reserve , and a common fiscal policy has been in the works to prevent another greece since 2012 , which would also include expanding money transfers ( which we already have ) . 
  the eu also has an official head of state ( who also represents the eu at g7 and other international conferences ) . 
  yes , the eu has to federalize . 
  but the important things is moving power from the council ( the nations ) to the parliament ( directly the people ) , which has been started in 2014 ... ... which was when the parliament got the power to directly elect the president and government . 
  overview : [ european union as an emerging superpower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_as_an_emerging_superpower ) opinion piece from mark leonard , former director of foreign policy at the centre for european reform ( 2005-2007 ) : [ europe : the new superpower ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/in-the-press/europe-new-superpower ) regarding standard of living : for the upper 50 % of society ? 
  but for the lower 50 % of society ? 
  yes . 
  - healthcare access ( think of the nhs alone vs. insurances with copay in the us , if you have one at all ) - food quality of average food ( again , the us has good food , but not available to most people at affordable prices ) - education costs ( college loans vs. free university ) - a large group of americans ( 43 % ) are several thousand into credit card debts , most do n't even have any savings at all . 
  - working hours ( german average is atm 6h a day , 5 days a week ; similar stats apply in nl and the nordics , while in the us overtime is a lot more common ) sure , if you want to get a job paying upwards of 200k $ as software developer , you need to go to the silicon valley , but for most people , the standard of living here is better . 
  there 's another factor i personally consider important , and which has gained importance recently in research : stress has a severe impact on you , so you 'd want an environment where you do n't have to worry . 
  where the street is safe , so you can let your child go outside on their own ( [ example from japan ] ( http://www.citylab.com/commute/2015/09/why-are-little-kids-in-japan-so-independent/407590/ ) , [ related discussion between us parents and eu and jp parents ] ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10320944 ) ) , where you do n't have to self-defend , where you do n't have to worry about insurance or copay and just can go to a doctor . 
  a growing amount of health issues is due to stress , which is increased by such factors severely , so that 's another factor . 
  ----- edit : and one more example :  to support his thesis , rifkin notes [ 2 ] that in addition to the european union having more people and a greater gross domestic product than the u.s. , the potential of the eu as an economic superpower is shown by having : 14/20 of the top banks in the world , 61 of the 140 of the top companies of the world as measure by the global fortune 500 ( the u.s. has 50 ) , a homicide rate that is 1/4 than in the u.s. , the 18 most developed countries in europe all have more broadly distributed wealth than the u.s. ( the u.s. ranks 24th in the world ) , higher lifespan than the u.s. , higher literacy rates than the u.s. , and higher quality of life than the u.s. also , europeans provide 47 % of all the humanitarian aid in the world , and are seen by rifkin as being more effective in global economic market regulation , evidenced by the fact that the eu stopped the merger of general electric and honeywell , fined microsoft for anti-trust , and blocked genetically modified food despite u.s. 
  opposition . 
  brexit has n't happened yet , we 'd still be # 2 ( larger than china , more than twice as large in fact ) , and i doubt any of the cowards of the tories would actually call fir brexit . 
  it is more of a superpower than russia is , and if we actually work towards it , we can be a superpower like no other .
