  do you want to say multinational companies are all awesome and we should just remove all consumer protection laws again ? 
  or is it today again the `` the us only wants your best just go and become one of their vassals '' ? 
  i 'm already excited for today 's episode !, 
  except , the hate us justified . 
  they 've done their best to try and destroy any future if the eu again and again . 
  the massacre of the herero in a german colony was officially ruled a genocide by german parliament, 
  well , germany kinda does it the least , currently . 
  and , tbh , it might be better if everyone just admitted their mistakes like germany does now . 
  two genocides in a century , btw , i believe that 's a world record for germany, 
  which is why the thresholds were invented in the first place . 
  you had so many tiny disagreeing parties that governing became impossible . 
  if we give up european federalism , we can as well just become the us 's colony and slaves tomorrow . 
  we can only be a power that is truly sovereign if we are n't dependent on any other superpower , or if we have the power to force that superpower to interact fairly with us . 
  the us is n't acting in our interest , they 've become nothing but another bully starting unjustified wars where we have to deal with the long time fuck ups of that . 
  eu federalism is without realistic alternative , if we do n't want to become just a vassal with no actual self determination . 
  well , look at tpp , that 's where it 's going otherwise . 
  you sign treaties , valid for decades , that reduce your ability to pass laws in most areas , make your copyright and food and other laws worse , and you do n't even get a vote in changing them . 
  in contrast , with the eu , at least you can vote for who is in brussels . 
  that 's quite an advantage . 
  the us and china/russia , as superpowers , will just get stronger . 
  if we want to avoid becoming just a colony of one of those superpowers , we have to become a superpower ourselves again . 
  and no eu country could do it on its own , but all together , we 'd be the most powerful one . 
   `` gone missing '' when a person is moved from one state to another , they 're registered in both , and count as two people . 
  unless their records can be automatically merged later on , which almost never works due to tiny typos or fingerprint irregularities , that means one of them count as missing . 
   no one was checked , you have no idea who entered the country everyone who wants benefits gets checked , though . 
  my issue is that you ca n't say `` all humans are equal '' , and then `` except when they 're born somewhere else '' or `` except when they 're jews '' . 
  those are no unifiable . 
  anything that tries to provide equality , except for the outcasts , necessarily ends with a situation where people are deported into certain death , purely based on an attribute about themselves that they ca n't change . 
  and , besides , the german constitution applies most ( except freedom of surveillance and the right to vote ) of its rights to all people . 
  not just germans , not just humans , but every person . 
  as it should be . 
  same for me , found it first on krautchan , then joked a year ago on reddit regarding that rule about what they 'd do if someone would post an ad linking to their sub in international media , got banned . 
  ever since that day i 'm on a crusade to make / r/polandball and its retarded mods known to everyone . 
  you said `` no open borders '' not just `` let 's deport all < insert religion here  into warzones '' sorry , i mixed those two up . 
   you ca n't have a progressive open social state with archaic religion and open borders so , in other words , you suggest we discriminate against people based on location of birth ? 
  how is that any less bad than plain racism ? 
  that 's completely impossible to combine with an actual left standpoint . 
  which is relevant to our refugee politics how exactly ? 
  so the 2011 airport shooting was caused by the 2015 wave of refugees ? 
  interesting , where did they get the time machine ? 
  or did maybe the german refugee politics have nothing to do with that ? 
  not shot helpless civilians at the border *, 
  actually , german media discusses data all the time , the tagesschau had over a dozen seperate articles with raw numbers since the refugee crisis started . 
  well , according to that argument , we should deport you out of europe , as the right-wing crowd has higher crime statistics of all kinds than the refugees . 
  ( death toll due to refugees this year yet : 0 . 
  due to right-wingers ? 
  more than half a dozen ), 
   death tolls the current death toll is # 0 once it rises above the death toll of right wing crazy idiots , we might consider doing something . 
  but currently , throwing all right-wingers out of germany would be more effective in lowering death toll than throwing refugees and foreigners out . 
   japan and germany have n't nationalised it . 
  no , but they have bought often 20-40 % of shares of every larger companies . 
  20 % of vw is owned by the government , and the government has shares in many companies . 
  not necessarily one `` all controlling '' government , but a federal system , with each government only handling what has to be handled at scale , and the governments below handling the rest . 
  decentralization , as it 's done within germany already ( for example , education is completely a thing of the states ) . 
  there 's another thread on this subreddit right now regarding the eu border and coast guard , that answers the questions of who crews eu ships , and who they 're commissioned from ( but those are obviously only white water ships ) . 
  it 's only a bunch of treaties that were signed , and laws that were passed . 
  it 'll be years before they 're ratified , but the groundwork has been passed . 
  i could n't find any articles on them , then again , on the eu border and coast guard articles appeared only 3 months after the laws had been passed . 
  i found that stuff originally in the eu parliament and commission protocols of which laws were signed or rejected . 
  maybe look there . 
  well , actually , since july the eu has a blue water navy , but it 's only allowed to be used for border enforcement in the mediterrean , for now . 
  administratively , it 's controlled atm by the eu border and coast guard , but they 'll also replace some of the existing german ships on the atalanta mission in somalia . 
  there 's a report from the same university that published the original report on vw . 
  involved were renault , peugeot , gms european opel brand , ford , fiat . 
  it is literally the same -- same code , same microprocessor from bosch , etc. 
  but he created the best anti-ad campaign ever : it 's in the media . 
  there us : the same defeat device is used in 6 other manufacturers ' vehicles , but there set to activate based on time . 
  yet , only vw gets fined , and the fine is worse than gms fine for killing hundreds of people . 
  there is always a balance between gerechtigkeit and rechtssicherheit . 
  common law fulfils neither . 
  can any lay person find out if an action is strictly legal or illegal , only with freely available sources , in the british or us legal system ? 
  even companies tend to have to have a whole department to ensure legal compliance . 
  yet common law does n't provide gerechtigkeit either : because the law always rules the same , an unjust ruling can stay on the books for centuries . 
  can you claim that any layperson can guarantee the legality or illegality of an action ( rechtssicherheit ) or that any ruling is truly morally just ( gerechtigkeit ) ? 
  common law guarantees neither . 
  civil law provides a tradeoff that 's far more reasonable . 
  the only reason common law is preferred is because it 's easy to abuse . 
  and , tbh , we need an international court system based on civil law to handle multinational issues anyway , as companies tend to refuse to ignore their moral responsibility , qnd only focus on profit, 
  easy to navigate ? 
  lol . 
  you do n't seem to understand the differences , so let me spell it out for you : in common law , courts are bound by laws and precedence . 
  in civil law , courts are only bound by laws . 
  at any point , civil law can be understood by reading the freely available set of laws that currently apply . 
  common law can only be understood by reading every precedence case that has happened before . 
  and surprisingly , it 's civil law where databases of every case related to any other case or law are usually available for free ( check dejure , for example ) , not common law . 
  the simple reason is purely the ability to bend the law by paying out whenever a company fears a precedence case , and only continuing the case wherever they know the precedence will go in their favor . 
  yes , but houses are more expensive still . 
  which is why everyone rents , as i said . 
  that 's nice us propaganda , but every historian will disagree with you on that . 
  there is a nice documentary from german-french public broadcaster arte that won several awards on the iranian takeover by the us , you should watch that . 
  ( or read any school history book that got approved for teaching in france or germany , they 'll say the same . ) . 
  just copying that us propaganda wo n't get you anywhere . 
  next thing you 'll say the us won the vietnam war , and that in wwii the russians actually did n't do anything , and that the eradication of the american natives was just an accident caused by a plague . 
   it would n't be `` unchecked nuclear aggression '' if the program was defensive . 
  then the israeli program is also unchecked nuclear aggression ? 
  because they 've ran the exact same program -- just against iran . 
  refugees need to get a job here , too , or their benefits will be cut , the same as with eu migrants . 
   there is no way you can deport any syrian until war is ended regardless of what he do in a country where he was granted asylum . 
  incorrect , german constitution and dublin law allow you to deport to any other country that 's ( a ) willing to accept them , and ( b ) a safe country of origin . 
  ( which is what we 've done with turkey : pay them until they accept them ),
