  even a 0 % corporation tax wo n't help . 
  the issue is that , after the brexit , british companies can sell products to the eu , but not operate services -- banking , legal stuff , web products -- in the eu . 
  it 's seriously like a kindergarten -- and i worked for 2 weeks in a kindergarten . 
  it 's funny , but also kinda painful to see . 
  fun fact : this translates to the same costs as a spotify or netflix membership for every british citizen . 
  and in return , you earn 20 to 30 % more , and get schengen , and get eurasmus , and get free roaming , etc. 
  actually , churchill himself said the aim of the eu was a `` united states of europe '' . 
  that 's how he called it . 
  but you 're right , he also said it would have to be between the continental nations , who 'd become a federal state , and , if it works out well , the uk would join , but only then . 
  yes . 
  that 's the typical right-wing tactics . 
  sabotage how a system functions , to ensure it works bad 2 . 
  wait for it to work inefficient 3 . 
  prevent reforms that would make it better 4 . 
  claim the system works bad 5 . 
  say the system is so bad , the only solution is to remove it completely and instead have no regulatins / free trade / crony capitalism . 
  look at the tories in the uk : they defunded the nhs , then waited for the nhs to become worse ( and blamed it on the eu ) , and now are saying the nhs is so bad , it has to be privatized . 
  again , that 's banking and legal stuff . 
  which also will change once those companies move away . 
  it 's kinda like panama saying `` no one can do anything to us , 50 % of global gdp is created by panama '' . 
  that 's only cause you 're a tax haven , and foreign companies have their legal hq in your country . 
  that 's only because most eu companies are headquartered in london . 
  once they move to frankfurt or paris , you 'll notice that around 57 % of those `` british investments in the us '' were actually german or french companies who counted as british companies because they wanted to use your little tax haven . 
  and , being already banned , their threats mean nothing to me , and as response , i now mention / r/polandball wherever it makes sense . 
  i used to be , i even liked them . 
  until i joked about buying a full-page ad in the nyt with only the link to / r/polandball on it . 
  got banned for that . 
  obviously , they made an enemy for life with that . 
  back then i used another reddit account , but i wo n't visit the place ever again , even with this one ( also , that 'd be ban evasion ) . 
  sadly , anything to do that -- even though the current governments of germany , france and poland and italy seem to be in favor of it -- would be seen as `` eu dictatorship gets even more power over our glorious leaders '' by the far-right . 
  you do realize that this whole project is a concept made by the uk , lead by churchill , to bind the european continent together ? 
  the german economy hates the euro , they hate paying greece 200 billion , but the requirement for the german reunification were euro and having the responsibility for the euro . 
  it 's not like germany controls this thing , this is a compromise were everyone gets positives , and everyone gets negatives . 
  and for everyone the positives are larger than the negatives . 
  but the british only accept a compromise were they get all the positives , and the rest all the negatives . 
  interestingly , these new net neutrality rules are only going to worsen the situation in the netherlands . 
  in every other eu country , the national rules currently are worse than the new compromise . 
  btw : the parliament wanted to copy the dutch rules 1:1 , but the commission prevented that . 
  now look at the british government : https://youtu.be/pwealgealhq ( and juncker just loves to joke around with farage , look at / r/juncker ), 
  we gave you for the past fucking 40 years countless exceptions , someone else posted them already , so i 'll just link it here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4q8q3e/merkel_today_to_german_parliament_cherry_picking/d4r69uc  - no schengen   - no euro   - [ uk rebate on their membership fees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate )   - constant blocking of effective oversight of banks   - opt out for criminal and justice legislation   - [ opt out on the charter of the fundamental rights of european citizens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union#charter_of_fundamental_rights_of_the_european_union_.e2.80.93_poland_and_the_united_kingdom )   - opt out from `` an ever closer union '' in case the referendum would n't have ended in a brexit . 
  it 's sad , tbh . 
  why did he not inform himself before voting ? 
  the information is on the motherfucking internet , one google/bing/yahoo / altavista/ddg search away : https://www.eba.europa.eu/regulation-and-policy/passporting-and-supervision-of-branches 2 . 
  why did his government not inform him properly about what each possible outcome of the referendum might result in ? 
  why did he and the other leave voters refuse to listen to the experts who told them all this ? 
  are we the baddies ? 
  the bbc numbers have alone 15 % of national gdp in banking in the city that would be gone , and another 10 % in legal firms . 
  ah , okay , so you 're not the average uninformed leave voter , you could have said this earlier . 
  indeed there are these several proxies of indirection , but it 's not that uncommon in many countries . 
  you could compare the council to the us house , and the parliament to the us senate . 
  the largest difference is , indeed , that the commission is chosen by the council and parliament together -- giving the council far more power -- than by just the parliament itself . 
  it 's quite obvious what the intention of this move was : to ensure the nation states would have the final say over what happens in brussels , and to prevent the eu from deciding against the will of the nation states . 
  interestingly , in the treaty of lisbon originally this was supposed to be replaced with a direct election by the parliament , and giving the parliament legislative powers -- effectively making the eu government equivalent to the us one . 
  interestingly , the uk was one of the nations that vetoed that change back then . 
  i 'd sincerely hope we could get this change done now , that they 've left . 
  they are in the eu in everything but name, 
  you can get a normal free trade treaty , too . 
  but remember , normal trade treaties ban banks of one country from operating in another , which would require all the banks in london to move to frankfurt or paris . 
  yet ukip and tories ( since thatcher , in fact ) want to turn you into country b. 
  it is . 
  leaving is extremely painful , and the laws to make it so were passed in 2009 , after the uk proposed them to the eu . 
  it was proposed by the british government to the eu in 2009 . 
   when she said all refugees that were already in greece or italy would n't be sent back to greece or italy to reduce the cost for those countries ftfy . 
  obviously , it was misquoted . 
   the false structure of the eu which is criticized in almost every country made it just a matter of time that one country could not handle it anymore . 
  the structure that the uk forced us to keep . 
  half of europe wanted to change it again and again , yet the uk vetoed any change , because they 'd lose power if the eu would be more democratic . 
  article 50 was a proposal by the british government to the eu in 2009 . 
  funny how the tides can turn . 
  not just that -- but the eu was also the only entity able to prevent multinational companies from fucking consumers over . 
  and you just left it : /, 
  the president of the ec is elected by the parliament . 
  just like the prime minister of the uk is elected by the parliament in the uk . 
   is it a case of everybody joined schengen while there were still border checks ? 
  or does schengen actually require some form of partial border between member countries ? 
  schengen forbids partial borders between member countries , or even border controls , except for a maximum of 4 weeks in extreme cases . 
  take benelux : they never had a border , and still joined schengen -- obviously , considering they have areas where houses and streets are cut by several borders at once . 
  you can access the european market without any issues -- canada and south korea can do so . 
  but if you want to sell to the eu from the uk , you need to ensure your products follow eu regulations -- and that means the uk having the same regulations and laws as the eu . 
  all free trade deals take sovereignty , the eu deal is far better than what modern deals ( ceta , ttip , tpp ) look like . 
  the eu parliament was elected by all the people of the eu . 
  a german vote is worth just as much as an british vote , if not more . 
  where 's the difference ? 
  why is westminster ruling over scotland ok , but not brussels ruling over britain ? 
  well , sometimes it 's close . 
  a good example of things being close : there was a vote on financial regulation , that would have destroyed the british banks . 
  ukip 's party position was against . 
  all of ukip voted against . 
  except , farage did n't come . 
  farage stayed at home . 
  most other parties voted support . 
  it was voted against with less than a handful of votes in the parliament more than support . 
  it could have ended far worse than it did . 
  and several times , it did end like that -- laws passed against the will of ukip , and the uk , because farage stayed home , and therefore could n't vote . 
  or because farage decided to vote out of protest randomly . 
  we are talking about corporate passporting . 
  that 's something different . 
  normally , a british company * can not make business in the eu * . 
  they can sell to european customers , but not provide services to them . 
  unless the eu allows them to do so .
