  * do they not have dictionaries in finland ? 
  ethnicity is defined as a group of people who identify with each other based on common ancestral , social , cultural , or national experiences . 
  moroccans in the netherlands are an ethnic group because they share the same national and cultural ancestry and identify ( and are identified by others ) according to those traits . 
  there is absolutely no question whatsoever that they 're an ethnicity . 
  if you 're going for the `` well , technically ... '' argument ... at least make sure you 're fucking right . 
  replace ` moroccans ' with ` blacks ' or ` jews ' . 
  if you still ca n't figure it out ; congratulations , you 're either a racist yourself , or completely and utterly oblivious to the world and people around you . 
  oh those poor , poor people !, 
  it 's like you ca n't even state an opinion anymore without people having opinions about your opinion !, 
  they should n't be allowed to do that !, 
  as evidenced by the downvotes . 
  i understand that . 
  i was merely taking aim at the notion another poster in this chain put forth , namely that wilders ' speech destroyed the case . 
   he mentions his life , the death threats and security guards , and how freedom of speech is the only freedom he has left . 
  really ? 
  freedom of speech the only freedom he has left ? 
  wilders hyperbole as usual , i see . 
   declarations put against him have been investigated and more than half of the investigated declarations are unjust . 
  which means that at least some * are * just . 
  furthermore , this has not actually been demonstrated . 
  what the defense did was investigate a handful of them ( 13 in total , out of 6,500 ) and found that some of them were unjust . 
  this by no means implies that more than half of * all * were unjust . 
   he stands by his words of wanting less maroccans . 
  i 'm not sure how this destroys the court case . 
   he mentions that many people in the netherlands agree with his words . 
  again , i 'm not sure how this destroys the court . 
  or represents anything resembling an intelligent argument on his part . 
  sure , there 's many people who agree with him . 
  there 's even more people who do n't . 
  it has n't got anything to do with anything . 
   he mentions that if he said he wanted less syrians there would n't be any problems . 
  which he 's wrong about , of course . 
  besides , this once again does n't represent anything remotely close to a coherent legal argument . 
   he mentions double standards . 
  other politicans have said similar things , or arguably even worse things , and charges against those politicians have been dropped within days . 
  those politicans also received an investigation to understand the context of their words , wilders received no such investigation . 
  if he can actually demonstrate this to be the case instead of merely claiming it , then that 'd be interesting . 
  but again , even if true it does n't provide him with a useful legal defense . 
  `` but your honour !, 
  they did it too ! '', 
  does not generally work in a court of law . 
   one judge in particular has been openly against the pvv and was also against the disapprobation in his previous trial . 
  that judge is now on this case which wilders points out . 
  which is simply more wilders hyperbole . 
  what actually happened was merely that she commented in an interview about a year ago that she disagreed with the substitution of one of the judges in the previous case , as requested twice by his lawyer ( who , unrelated , has been banned from practicing law on account of substantial personal fraud ) . 
  a judge stating an opinion on the technicalities of a case long over and done with does not imply that they can not be impartial when they 're presiding over a case that involves any of those relevant parties . 
  presumably his lawyer knows this , which is why wilders is attempting to strengthen his argument against her on the basis that she once stated she opposes minimum sentencing laws and deportation of illegal immigrants ; two things that he as a politician supports . 
  which is of course a ridiculous argument . 
  that 's some silvio berlusconi level reasoning there . 
  i do n't see how * any * of this `` destroys '' the case . 
  it practically sounds like the defense mounted by a 12 year old , only somewhat more eloquent . 
  the unrealistic thing is thinking they 'll ever `` sweep the elections completely '' . 
  that implies a level of support that they do not have and can not have . 
  remember , even when you believe the most optimistic poll numbers of support ; the vast majority of dutch people do not support them . 
  this will not change just because of a terrorist attack . 
  you have n't though . 
  all you 've done is engage in special pleading . 
  `` no , no no !, 
  wilders does n't have anything in common with those people !, 
  they just happen to share his feelings towards the muslims !, 
  he does n't have to distance himself from them ! '', 
  `` now that random person on the bus though !, 
  he totally has to distance himself from those people !, 
  i mean , they both happen to be muslim ! '', 
  whelp , there goes our monarch power ; guess we 'll have to forget about coring england for now . 
  i 'm sure it 'll be fine . 
  that 's some serious special pleading you 've got going there . 
  if wilders does n't have to distance himself from the crazy dutch nuts who praise his name every chance they get , whose behavior so often is just putting into practice what he preaches with a little more violence thrown in ... ... then the random muslim who sits next to you on the train to utrecht should n't have to fucking distance himself from people halfway across the planet committing acts he has neither told you he supports/encourages , nor which he has anything whatsoever to do with . 
  either they both have to distance themselves from the people that others associate them with ... or neither of them have to . 
  i guess it just goes to show : never bank on the pvv and its supporters having realistic expectations . 
  yeah , that 's an interesting correlation . 
  of course , the area has been the most urbanized region in europe since pretty much the dark ages too , for obvious reasons . 
  well , for starters ; when there 's not a single cloud during the night , our sky is filled with maybe half a dozen stars at most that you can barely make out . 
  i guess romanians are neither agile enough to learn how to iceskate , nor agile enough to have the awesome sex that a trained skater could have whilst on ice . 
   but procreation and the continuation of our species is basically one of the building blocs of considering something a `` living thing '' . 
  you do realize that being gay ( much less bisexual ) does n't necessarily prevent procreation , right ? 
  also , i 'm pretty sure that an inability to procreate does n't disqualify you from calling yourself a living thing . 
   and biologically our norm is heterosexuality - aka with the ability to procreate . 
  not fitting into the overall norm does not qualify as a ` disorder ' though ; and homosexuality is common enough both in the human species and the animal kingdom to not be abnormal . 
  the basic argument does n't really work regardless ; when we 're talking about a phsyical or biological disorder , we 're talking about something that directly impairs the physical or mental health of a person/organism . 
  someone whose body is physically incapable of producing offspring has a disorder . 
  someone whose innate sexuality or choices in life lead to an absence of procreation but who is otherwise physically capable of having children , does * not * have a disorder, 
  no , we must force a regime change . 
  time to send in [ bear force one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twqlpfrm5im ), 
  wait ... why the ` on ice ' part ? 
  is it like disney on ice ? 
  and still flemish people wonder why we just laugh whenever they try to insult us . 
  my favourite insult ( that i never use and which i know is n't a curse ) is ` kloothommel ' ; just because i can tell foreigners that it 's a perfectly legit insult to call someone a ` testicle bumblebee ' . 
  i doubt that objectively speaking oxford and cambridge stand out all that much either . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is that they have a certain prestigious * reputation * ; just as universities like leiden do . 
  tu delft 's reputation on that other hand feels based more on the active research it does and the products that come out of it ; but i do n't know whether objectively it accomplishes more in that area than other dutch universities . 
  they could just have great press . 
  well , the netherlands has a lot of really good universities . 
  the uni of utrecht is a bit larger , and also very prestigious on a european/global level . 
  honestly , it all depends on who you ask and which list you look at . 
  sometimes leiden is rated higher , sometimes utrecht . 
  they \u00b4 re both elite universities . 
  ] ( http://blog.weflyspitfires.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/12/khaaan.jpg ), 
  i 'd guess the university of leiden is probably the most prestigious .
