  do n't forget that you need to actually * conquer * california back . 
  also , new netherlands includes new york . 
  just one problem for you guys : the seventeen provinces would have a larger gdp and military than spain . 
  we wo n't need 80 years this time . 
  it delivers the message regardless of whether he gets picked or not : `` we will not accept attempts to break up the eu . 
  treat us like the allies we are , instead of the enemies you 're going to make us into if you keep this sort of thing up '', 
  actually you got the beta 0.1 build . 
  we had the alpha build . 
  france had beta 0.2 , then infected our servers with their beta 0.2 ( which caused us to lose admin rights due to a bug ) , forcing us to wipe and finally install release 1.0 . 
  so really , you just need some incentive to upgrade . 
  it 's certainly squashed any hope he might 've had of asking her to the eurodance . 
  based on [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jemeppe_castle ) castle in belgium , btw . 
  ... wait . 
  what ? 
  i 'm being paid to troll ? 
  what , you think the russians are going around paying people to set the record straight about the pilgrims on r/europe ? 
  and you accuse * me * of sounding insane ? 
   educate yourself , you racist peasant . 
  this is amazing . 
  pointing out that the pilgrims did n't flee persecution ( which is historic fact incidentally , regardless of persecution any * other * groups may have faced ) ... ... apparently makes me a racist . 
  that in itself is astonishing of course . 
  i understand that facts do n't really mean anything in america anymore and that this appears to be spreading to the rest of the world , but i would 've hoped words still did . 
  but apparently i 'm also a peasant now . 
  it 's quite impressive how i can be accused of racism and persecuted for not being noble born at the same time . 
  should probably mention in the context of all the pictures of fortifications ... ... this ` castle ' has never served a defensive function and was built in 1892 . 
  as an aside , the current castle ( built over the ruins of an older proper castle ) , was financed by the rothschilds . 
   forgot the fact that they were only dutch pilgrims in america they were n't dutch ; they just lived in the netherlands for a while before coming over on the mayflower . 
   cool story , bro . 
  got your phd in holocaust denial too ? 
  this is a truly amazing argument . 
  the way you compare my opposition to america 's historic revisionism involving the pilgrims to holocaust denial ... ... brilliant . 
  ... really ? 
  you mentioned you thought there were no mennonites in europe . 
  i simply pointed out that there are . 
  and you 're complaining ? 
  my bad , i was under the impression they only started being amish in the us . 
  apparently the amish that remained in europe merged with the mennonites . 
  and yes , there are still mennonites in europe . 
  germany and the netherlands have the largest numbers . 
  none . 
  but that 's because there 's never * been * amish in europe . 
  there are still anabaptists , from whom the amish are descended , though . 
  incidentally , the anabaptists were n't exactly difficult to persecute after they led a rebellion in m\u00fcnster and turned it into a theocracy by force . 
  especially not given that its leader took everyone 's property , legalized polygamy , took 16 wives , publically beheaded a woman for refusing to marry him , and declared their intent to conquer the world . 
  notions that the movement had difficulty abandoning even after the city was liberated . 
  it 's kind of hard to see them as innocents just looking for religious freedom . 
   and it will be `` america first , the consortium second '' fuck off . 
  [ we asked to be 2nd first ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2017/01/reactions-to-trump-spoof-video-range-from-bemused-to-amused/ ), 
   there are already more sweden pensioners in portugal than in sweden you do realize that 's because of the sunshine and temperature , right ? 
   who fled persecution for their religious beliefs were europeans they did n't actually flee religious persecution , though . 
  that 's a myth . 
  the pilgrims had religious freedom when they lived in the dutch republic . 
  in fact , we know from their own private correspondence that they were concerned they had * too much * freedom , and did n't like what it was doing to their kids . 
  they did n't go to the new world to escape religious persecution . 
  they went there so that * they * could be the ones to do the religious persecuting . 
   frit van pit i am pretty sure there is nobody on the entire planet who is named frit van pit . 
  * but there should be . 
   the photo is taken from the one exact angle from which it 's beautiful . 
  it also looks good from the other corner of the binnenvijver . 
  you appear to not understand what 's actually going on . 
  what you 're talking about is only true in terms of nominal gdp , which is n't really a good indicator of economic growth or loss . 
  the reason that the eu 's nominal gdp is the same now as it was 10 years ago , is almost entirely due to the relative loss in value of the euro against the dollar that only happened in the last two years . 
  in nominal terms , eu gdp was around 18.5 trillion dollars at the end of 2014 , and around 17 trillion dollars today . 
  yet in real gdp terms , ( which actually allows us to measure economic performance over time ) we have had constant growth of around 2 % in that same period . 
  similarly we could argue that the uk 's economy has contracted by something like 20 % since the brexit referendum based on the performance of the pound . 
  but things would look very differently in terms of daily life over there if the uk economy had actually shrunk 20 % in such a short amount of time . 
  yeah ... 
  ... i do n't think the intelligence of our politicians compared to the american ones is going to be much of an issue . 
  [ annual gdp growth for the eu ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp-annual-growth-rate ) as you can see , the eu has known constant gdp growth except for a short period as a result of the 2008 crisis , and a brief much milder period from 2012 . 
  the eu has never gone that long without gdp growth . 
  the eu has never had a recession lasting longer than a year and a half ; and has had only two recessions since it was established . 
  otherwise it has known continuous growth . 
  in fact , the eu grew faster than the us did prior to the global financial crisis . 
  remember how we all said `` it 's okay , there 's no way bush is going to be elected a 2nd time . '' ? 
  yeah . 
  we might be fucked for a while . 
  if you believe otherwise , then you are apparently unaware of both economic history and reality . 
  the eu and the us have been economic adversaries in a number of disputes . 
  the sheer size of the eu 's economy ensures that even the united states finds itself having to play by our rules more often than someone like trump would believe or find acceptable . 
  the volume of trade that the eu does with the rest of the world is * much larger * than what the us manages . 
  in any sort of sustained trade war , the us will * inevitably * lose . 
  it is simply too geographically ( and now politically ) isolated to compete with the likes of the eu or china if trump decides to go that route . 
  we have natural access to the bulk of the world 's markets . 
  the us does not . 
  not to mention the fact trump is already pushing china closer toward the eu . 
  we 're already their largest trading partner by a wide margin ; and trump is threathening both of us . 
  good luck trying to dictate anything to a sino-european economic alliance . 
   it 's economically disadvantageous for us to insult them under normal circumstances you would be correct . 
  but these are not normal circumstances . 
  its economically disadvantageous to simply * exist * when it comes to trump . 
  he attacks allies and opponents alike . 
  it is naive to think just being nice to him will work for us . 
  the only thing that will work on him is showing strength . 
   it would be insulting to reject his choice of diplomat , no matter how bad it is . 
  ... what ? 
  no seriously . 
  what the fuck ? 
  so , trump insults us by appointing an ambassador that openly desires our destruction ... but that 's okay somehow ... ... but saying `` no , this is n't acceptable , please send someone less blatantly hostile '' would be too insulting ? 
  what the fuck . 
  just because you 're canadian , does n't mean you should advocate absurd levels of politeness in the face of blatant offensive hostility .
