  re-export inflates our export figures , not our gdp . 
   a large part of that gdp is importing and exporting through rotterdam , so it 's quite inflated . 
  rotterdam only accounts for 3,1 % of dutch gdp . 
  furthermore , the percentage of our gdp that is represented by transport and storage ( the brad and butter of ports like rotterdam ) is only fractionally higher than that in other oecd countries . 
  so no , it 's not inflated at all . 
  well , first of all , it 's * already * banned . 
  secondly , there 's a very strong argument to be made that the harder you crack down on it , the more you drive it all underground , making it increasingly more difficult to monitor and catch offenders . 
  and would n't you rather have someone jacking it to some cgi porn , instead of having them go out and commit actual rapes because you took everything away ? 
  there are no easy , black and white solutions . 
  i do n't blame your people for the minority that voted leave when turnout is considered . 
  i blame your people for the majority that allows this madness to continue . 
  you can . 
  just not in the morning . 
   i do n't hold your people accountable for the sins of your administrations . 
  i find this an ironic argument given how much the uk 's media kept pushing this notion that the eu is not a democratic organization ( a notion that is of course completely false ) . 
  after all , in a democracy , the government rules by the consent and with the mandate of its people . 
  if the people either vote for , or permit an administration to rule , then it is the people who are responsible for the things those administrations do . 
  same with the media . 
  they could not do the things they do and survive , if they did not do so with the help of the people . 
  the fact that uk people ca n't even recognize the bias that has permeated their country 's media is a big part of the problem . 
  [ studies ] ( http://reutersinstitute.politics.ox.ac.uk/news/study-shows-majority-press-coverage-eu-referendum-campaign-was-heavily-skewed-favour-brexit ) have established what has been very obvious to the rest of europe for years . 
  but it 's not really the bias that 's the real problem here . 
  on the pro-remain side , you might have biased papers that 'd push more articles in favor of remain . 
  on the pro-brexit side on the other hand , you had media that not only had a bias , but that pushed said bias in some of the most absolutely despicable ways , using blatant propaganda , lies and misdirection on a scale you simply never saw on the other side . 
  * that * is why so many europeans have been left feeling so completely disgusted with the uk following brexit . 
  and that is why it is so infuriating when people try to make it out like both sides are bad . 
   i do n't really understand the point you 're making . 
  are you suggesting the british press are vehemently pro-brexit and anti-europe ? 
  yes . 
  something which is honestly so blatant and obvious that it 's completely undeniable . 
  but i suppose there 's the saying of not being able to see the forest through the trees . 
   but we do see an awful lot of press in the uk that suggests the eu are putting us through the ringer over the whole thing . 
  it 's almost as if they have a bias . 
   there 's an awful lot of media manipulation on both sides please . 
  can we stop pretending like both sides are just as bad ? 
  it 's just never even remotely true . 
  the past decade + whenever people try to take the middle ground between political positions and say that `` they 're both bad '' , i just feel like i 'm watching a little kid being beaten up by 20 adults , while onlookers go `` but yeah , the kid got a few punches in , so i 'm not sure what to think . '', 
   i can give a pretty long yet non-exhaustive list of french companies implanted in many countries . 
  big deal . 
  i can do the same with dutch companies . 
  ahem . 
   we have tons of south east asian migrants in france , and those countries are part of the `` organisation internationale de la francophonie '' . 
  i 'm sorry ... did you * seriously * just try to argue the french colonial empire mattered more than the spanish one because of countries speaking french today ? 
  even though spanish is the 2nd biggest language in the world by native speakers , while french is only 18th ? 
  i think we have very different understandings of the phrase ` the entire world ' . 
   he tried to improve the country to such a level that napoleon dethroned him after a couple of years . 
  well , not so much because he tried to improve the country , but because he tried to avoid having his brother gut the country . 
  france was deeply in debt to dutch investors and napoleon wanted his brother 's help in wiping out most of this debt , which he did n't do . 
  then , when napoleon demanded that dutch troops be placed under his command for the invasion of russian , louis refused . 
  that led to napoleon removing most of his own forces in the netherlands in order to use them to invade russia ; which allowed the english to invade . 
  napoleon was then forced ( or perhaps planned all of this ) to send a militia army to repel them ; and then demanded his brother 's abdication on the grounds he could not protect the netherlands . 
  you mean french fries ? 
  why would n't it be a belgian ? 
  too dumb to not take everything literally . 
  * sorry i had to *, 
  i said no such thing . 
  show me where in my post i said that . 
  keep in mind that there is a distinct difference between overseas territories and integral parts of a country that happen to be overseas . 
  so if you 're making a map of highest points of european countries , greenland would n't count for denmark since it 's a constituent country of the kingdom of denmark , and not actually part of denmark itself . 
  whereas saba would count for the netherlands since it 's a fully integral part of the netherlands itself as a special municipiality . 
   how exactly did nasa , epa , doe and doh mistreat schwartz ? 
  they did n't . 
  but they 're government agencies , and if you 're crusading against the government then you 'd see them as valid targets . 
  obviously the ideal way to go about it would be to target specifically those individuals and organizations involved in the mistreatment , but he might not have been talented enough for that . 
   and how does stealing peoples identities and credit card info help make up for it ? 
  but did he * do * anything with the stuff he stole ? 
  if the only reason he did it was to make a point or get back at the government , and then just deleted the information he acquired or did n't misuse it like stealing people 's money , then that is clearly different from a common criminal who steals the information for personal gain . 
  again , not the ideal way to be doing things ... but quite possibly still within the hacktivist sphere . 
  i do n't know , the [ kettle war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kettle_war ) should be a contender just for the ridiculousness of it all . 
  the emperor threathening war under the belief the enemy wo n't actually call the bluff . 
  the imperial ships outnumbering the enemy 3 to 1 . 
  the imperial ships surrendering after the enemy fires a single shot that kills a tea kettle . 
  the emperor being forced to go to war because a tea kettle was killed . 
  the emperor 's forces then assaulting and occupying a vegetable garden . 
   this guy is not some sort of hacktivist , this guy is plain criminal pretending to snowden 2.0 . 
  really ? 
  because he is literally being charged with being part of a hacktivist network , and hacking government systems out of protest of its treatment of aaron swartz . 
  you ca n't get more hacktivist than that . 
  okay , where to begin . 
  first of all , often times you 're actually talking about local supermarkets that have adopted the franchise brand . 
  they 're not foreign businesses . 
  they 're local businesses that carry an international name . 
  them being local is also often ( though perhaps not always ) the problem with these violations . 
  the individual store managers ( who is often the actual owner of the store ) may engage in these kind of practices to produce better fiscal results ; but that does n't mean this is some policy that comes down from on high . 
  take a franchise chain like spar for instance , which has about 12,500 stores worldwide . 
  do you really think it micromanages each of them ? 
  it does n't . 
  it ca n't . 
   like fuck it did , it did n't have any . 
  okay so now we 're just flat-out reduced to lying . 
  nice . 
  on the first two flights , parachutes meant to make the first stage recoverable instead did n't even make it through atmospheric re-entry , with predictable results following . 
  it failed to insert its payload into the correct orbit on its 4th flight due to an engine failure . 
  on its 6th flight , the craft proved unable to cope with aerodynamic forces during the first touchdown test , resulting in engine shut down and destruction of the vehicle . 
  on its 14th flight , its control systems failed prior to landing and the whole thing crashed and burned . 
  that 's five failures . 
  not zero . 
   the one where the suppliers shafted them . 
  i 'm assuming you 're referring to flight 19 ; where a strut meant to secure high pressure helium failed . 
  the strut was indeed supplied by an external supplier .
