  the people who you 're mistreating certainly do n't care why you 're mistreating them ; just that you are . 
  `` yes . 
  i would like to report a german . '', 
  `` ah ... and the problem is ? '', 
  `` he was on a bicycle . '', 
  `` say no more sir . 
  we 'll get our bicycles back one way or the other . '', 
   as i 've explained in another post , this referendum is much more about our political system than it is about ukraine . 
  all this poorly directed anger over us exercising our democratic rights is part of the problem with the political system . 
  mate , people are right to call you out . 
  this referendum is not about anything other than the agreement with ukraine . 
  that is literally the only thing the text of the referendum is about . 
  it does not mention our views on the eu or anything about our internal politics . 
  the fact that you and others want it to be about the eu does n't make it so . 
  and , very importantly , if you 're complaining about other people being angry about us exercising our democratic rights ... ... stop trying to fucking ruin those rights by turning a simple referendum into something it 's not about . 
  if you want a referendum against the eu , go and try to get one . 
  do n't twist and corrupt our political system the way you 're trying to do . 
  i really do n't think they 'd be significantly less popular , honestly . 
  a for the media ... 
  i did n't say or imply they buddy up to wilders . 
  i said they painted a picture of a scary and changing world ... which media everywhere on the planet has and always will do , regardless of their political ideology . 
  the media does n't have to praise wilders in order for the fear and uncertainty that they push for ratings to inadvertently push people his way . 
   you 're right , these projections are speculative . 
  does n't demerit the point that they 're based on : immigration can and will damage your economic development if not regulated . 
  let 's accept that point for argument 's sake ( keeping in mind there is by no means an academic consensus that supports it ) . 
  let 's say that unregulated immigration can be harmful ( keeping in mind that something can be harmful in some ways and still be positive in other ways or even be a net positive ) . 
  i do n't see how that in any way supports or justifies the pvv 's stated desire to cut immigration from islamic countries to zero . 
  one need only look at what they 've repeatedly stated over the years to know that they 're not really arguing for regulation so much as a blanket ban . 
  regulation is perfectly fine . 
  ensuring a manageable flow is perfectly fine ( although many in the anti-immigration side would still claim its unmanageable if even just a hundred immigrants came in a year ) . 
  but a full stop ( or something close to it ) being objectively better than a continuation is not supported whatsoever . 
   and this behaviour from the established political order is exactly why the pvv and similar parties are so popular right now . 
  the ` established political order ' could be perfect in everything they do or say , and parties like the pvv would * still * be popular . 
  that 's because there will * always * be a fair chunk of people who just want to blame others for problems , whether its immigrants or the ` political elite ' or whatever . 
  and they will do this even when the actual problems are n't really anywhere near the kind of big deal they think . 
  add a relentless media that paints a picture of a scary and changing world to this , and the lingering effects of an economic downturn , and the pvv or something like it was always going to be popular no matter how incompetent they or their opposition might be . 
   sweden 's hdi projections are miserable , miserable ? 
  even if these particular projections proved accurate ( and i have no real reason to believe they will do so ) , sweden 's projected hdi drop is n't anywhere near enough to be classed as ` miserable ' . 
  if using that word , i 'd expect them to drop out of the ranks of developed countries , not experience a slight and relative decline . 
   and they have a point . 
  yet the hilarity really begins when that same left just does a full 180 and seemingly has no problem at all painting the pvv and her supporters as a bunch of uneducated fascists . 
  the difference is that the pvv makes sweeping statements over vast groups that are defined by little more than the place of their birth or the culture they grew up . 
  you do n't choose to be an eastern european , or an arab . 
  you do n't even really choose to be a muslim ( although you can theoretically choose to stop being one ) . 
  you do , however , choose to support the pvv . 
  you listen to the things they have to say , including the fucked up stuff , and you then make a decision to support them . 
  that means that one can objectively generalize about these people to a far larger degree than one could about the groups the pvv rails against ; because as i 've explained to others , they either a ) support everything the pvv says and are fully onboard , or ; b ) support some of what they say , and do n't give a shit about the rest , or ; c ) support some of what they say , and think that it weighs heavier than the shit they disagree with . 
  people in camp a are outright racists . 
  people in camps b and c might not be , but there 's huge problems with either their apathy of the bad stuff or their justification of it on the basis of there being good stuff . 
  you can not logically draw similar conclusions about someone just for being born somewhere else ; or for being born into a religion . 
  yeah , okay . 
  good luck with that inability to understand people 's arguments . 
   remember when the netherlands was occupied by germany during the wwii ? 
  how fucking old do you think i am ? 
   how many dutch were given the same rights in `` occupied netherlands '' as germans had in germany ? 
  none . 
  and if we 'd been occupied for 50 years and were still treated that way , you might have something halfway approaching a point . 
  although all you 'd have managed to do in that case would be to present an example of a people being treated badly because they were under a similar occupation ... in no shape or form would you have presented an argument that this was somehow even remotely * acceptable * . 
  also , side note and bit of personal advice : if you want to argue that israel is n't engaging in apartheid politics because it 's only treating people differently because those people are under an occupation ... ... maybe you should n't try to justify this interpretation by drawing comparisons to a nazi occupation of the netherlands . 
  you know , just saying . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  and there have been plenty of studies that show that large scale immigration ( even of low skilled/uneducated ones ) does not lead to unemployment or lower wages or any of the other nonsense that anti-immigration people claim will result . 
  any objective economist would be able to tell them that immigration is a net-positive for the economy . 
  but of course , such economists are part of the elite establishment the anti-immigration people consider to be part of the problem . 
   oh there are definitely racist supports of the pvv , but you suggest that the entire group of supportees are that way , which i think is illogical and offensive . 
  the enormity of the irony of this statement amuses me . 
  the pvv routinely makes generalizations of a far more offensive and illogical nature . 
  what comes around goes around . 
   if you are critical of anything and you explain your point with non racist reasoning , i dont believe you are the same as a racist , regardless of if your statement is the same . 
  so in the future , look at one 's argument and not one 's statements alone . 
  but the pvv * does n't * explain its position in a non-racist manner ; or if they ever do put forth an argument that 's even halfway reasonable and non-bigoted , they seem to immediately follow it up with a half dozen others that ruin whatever image of reason they might otherwise try to build . 
  we live in the digital age , pvv supporters have no excuse to be unaware of the outright racist views the party espouses . 
  as such , the inevitable conclusion is either that they agree with these views , or they do n't care enough to let it get in the way of whatever other reason they support the party for . 
  i 'm honestly not sure which would be worse . 
  it obviously * does * have to do with both . 
  the palestinians are systematically oppressed on the basis of both . 
  claiming that it 's not apartheid because the palestinian territories are occupied territories instead of formal parts of israel is like saying the us does n't torture people because they 're doing it in guantanamo instead of on us soil . 
  it 's a cringeworthy argument of desperation . 
  incidentally , the ` occupied ' territories have been occupied for almost 50 years now . 
  at what point exactly do we give up the pretense ? 
  you ca n't occupy an area for half a century , and still use the argument you 're using to justify mistreating people there ( you ca n't really use it to begin with , but that 's a whole other matter ) . 
   i 'm simply pointing out why your claim that it was an apartheid state was incorrect . 
  it 's not just my claim . 
  numerous international legal and human rights experts make that claim . 
  so do plenty of israeli 's themselves . 
  even the government of fucking * south-africa * makes the claim . 
  day 4131 : they still do n't suspect ... 
  ah yes . 
  the overwhelmingly blonde people of indonesia ... 
  it 's delusional , is what it is . 
  or just a muslim . 
  every religious person has a worldview that is centered in their religion . 
  they might enjoy other things , sure . 
  they might even fail to go mosque or church as much as their imams/preachers would want . 
  they might even fail to uphold any of the religious rules they 're supposed to follow . 
  but the religion is still the core of their identity because it is the lens through which they understand the world and the standard by which everything else is judged . 
  that does n't make them a jihadi any more than that it makes a christian a crusader . 
  anyone would take offense if the core of their worldview is insulted . 
  criticism is fine . 
  by all means .
