  aside from the fact that william was obviously the one in power , his objectives had been met . 
  the whole purpose of the invasion was to safeguard the republic from france . 
  that had been accomplished . 
  anything else would 've just been icing on the cake . 
  which is an argument for the germans . 
  with the austrian ones , just by looking at the logo i would n't be sure whether i got something from the government ... or some random corporation . 
  no , it was made with pixels . 
  you 're simply incorrect . 
  william * engineered * the ` invitation ' . 
  this is well established . 
  he was going to invade england regardless ; but having an invitation helped legitimize the transfer of power . 
  he was already assembling his invasion force while the english nobles were still deciding whether to actually extend the invitation he demanded ; and the regents of amsterdam ( the real power behind the invasion ) had spent vast sums of money on the endeavour . 
  there is no way they were going to call the whole thing off because they did n't get a piece of paper . 
  the invitation was a formality . 
  of course , it 's true that if the situation in england was n't what it was , then the invasion would never have happened ; but the idea that it was a revolution rather than an invasion as you 're espousing , is ironically the direct result of the propaganda machine william brought with him . 
  propaganda that worked exceptionally well because of course the english populace would n't like the idea that they were conquered by their rivals , the dutch ; far better to convince themselves that the whole thing was their idea . 
   interesting that the added the single dot in the northern netherlands . 
  really ? 
  that 's what you found interesting ? 
  i thought it was more interesting that half the netherlands apparently does n't exist on this map . 
  the dutch environment is * far * from fine . 
  we 're one of the worst performers in the developed world , and our government policies toward the enviroment are a joke . 
  we rank just 36th on the enviromental performance index ; a full 10 ranks below the us ( although with trump in charge , i 'm guessing that might change ), 
  how is this supposed to disprove what i said ? 
  the results of 2010 are n't included here . 
   i think you guys need to start worrying about that trend . 
  what trend ? 
  wilders may be bigger now than he was in 2012 , but he 's still smaller than he was in 2010 . 
  not necessarily a rest stop ; but there 's a gas station in the middle ... ... also a camping + marina for fishers . 
  it 's also the smallest inhabited hamlet in the netherlands , being the permanent residence of 4 people . 
  i 'd say it is about 50/50 . 
  i 'm used to taking off my shoes too ; and see this being considered normal in most people 's houses , but i guess he runs in different circles . 
  well , if people in uniforms clearly marked as police calmly and professionally detaining people looks like heavy handed aggression to them , then i shudder to think what the political crackdown in their own country must look like to them . 
  a little anxious ; this is the first time in quite a few elections that i feel like it 's genuinely important to go out and vote again . 
  it 'll also be the first time i 'm switch my vote to a different party . 
  i 've always voted d66 ; but i 'll be voting gl this time . 
  unfortunately it looks like vvd will be biggest again , which is infinitely better than wilders of course , but i 'd really rather the country would give a left coalition a chance . 
  while that accounts most of the money invested abroad under the label of `` dutch money '' ; do n't make the mistake of thinking it 's all just tax evasion . 
  even when you adjust the figure to exclude foreign money directed through the country , the netherlands still sits in the top 10 largest foreign investors in the world . 
  a good chunk of the ` properly dutch ' investments no doubt still find its way to turkey . 
   according to the historiography i 've studied , the threat of invasion was never very high at all . 
  you 're looking at this with the benefit of hindsight . 
  it 's easy to say now , 30 years after the cold war 's ended , that the danger was relatively little , but we did n't know that at the time . 
  at the time , the threat of invasion seemed * very * real indeed . 
   the soviets had the numbers for west germany , but the americans would retaliate heavily and quickly which again , is doing an injustice to the mentality and knowledge we actually had * at the time * . 
  nato 's assumption throughout most of the cold war in fact centered around the * inevitability * of western europe 's fall . 
  the soviets would simply overrun us . 
  this in fact formed the basis for the creation of m.a.d in the first place . 
  the idea that nato could actually prevent the loss of europe in a conventional war really only began to exist in the 80 's ; prior to that it was considered largely impossible . 
  even during the 80 's , it was considered a very big if ; and even then , it would have been the low countries where a lot of the `` taking the fight back to the soviets '' would take place . 
  that is what we knew and believed * at the time * . 
   but trying to compare the plight of soviet bloc countries to benelux is simply uncalled for . 
  and nobody is actually doing that . 
   but they were in no danger of being enveloped in the soviet sphere i 'm sorry , what ? 
  i think you do n't fully comprehend what things were like here back then , but some of us actually remember the cold war . 
  the threat of invasion was considered very real ; and it was pretty common knowledge that in such an event , west germany would fall almost instantly as the numbers heavily favored the soviets . 
  we all knew that the low countries and france would be the front line within days should war break out . 
  we have some of the best ships in nato . 
  tanks though ... ... yeah , not so much . 
  not a lot of airplanes either . 
  you have to understand that flood protection/reclamation is pretty much in our national dna . 
  it 's always been assigned immense importance in our culture ; we 're much more comfortable with paying large sums towards that end than other countries/cultures as a result . 
  this predates our existence as a nation-state even . 
  the ` waterboards ' , organizations which take care of maintaining and building dikes and such , are among the oldest democratic institutions in the world ; their history stretches back 900 years . 
  during the middle ages , the various counties and duchies would frequently war with each other ... but even during those wars they would jointly take care of the dikes . 
  well , a lot of the reclaimed land ( known as polders ) is located in what used to be freshwater lakes ( which themselves were actually artificial because they were created by mining out peat ) , so the saline content of the land was n't really an issue afaik . 
  in other places , the salt simply flows away with the rain ; a process that happens in just a few years . 
  when that happens , what you 're left with is soil that has a high mineral content which makes it very fertile for certain kinds of crops . 
  as for why they were reclaimed in the first place . 
  part of it was flood protection ; but you have to remember that farming did n't used to be as efficient as it is now . 
  back during the golden age ( 17th century ) , we needed lots of space for farming , and the polders were the only way to accomplish this . 
  at the same time , the demand for fuel increased ; meaning we were mining out more and more peat , creating more and more water , which made keeping the existing farmland dry became more and more difficult , necessitating the reclamation of more and more land . 
  most of the earlier projects were fairly small by modern standards ; and privately funded . 
  for instance , the financing of draining egmondermeer ( a lake ) was handled by lamoraal van egmond and hendrik van brederode ; a couple of nobles . 
  that created a reclaimed area of only 686 hectares . 
  that was in the early part of the 16th century larger projects later in that century and beyond , were almost always funded either in full or in part by private interests . 
  wealthy merchants from antwerp , amsterdam , or elsewhere ; sometimes with additional funding by nearby city governments or the government of the provinces . 
  it was n't difficult to find the funds for this really . 
  almost all of the polders were highly succesful , and if you poured money into it , you then gained ownership of a portion of the land created ; land that was highly fertile and would almost surely attract farmers you then get to make money off of . 
  the [ zuiderzee works ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zuiderzee_works ) ; a true megaproject by modern standards , was definitely too large to be privately funded though . 
  at the time of its planning in the 1890 's , its construction was estimated to cost around 200 million guilders , which would 've been as large as the entire national budget in a year . 
  additionally , because of its size , the project was going to take far too long to complete to attract private investors ( who would all have been dead by the time they 'd see a return ) . 
  the zuiderzee works were embarked upon regardless of the costs , because a ) to protect from future flooding . 
  and b ) because it was thought there would be severe food shortages in the future if large amounts of farming land were n't added to the country . 
  they did n't foresee the rapid advances in automatization that would provide us with large surplusses . 
  well for starters , it is n't half . 
  only 20 % or so of the country is actually below sea level ; so that brings the cost down considerably . 
  as for how we funded it ; well ... we kind of * invented * capitalism and free trade . 
  free as in ; free to create dutch trading monopolies around the world for centuries . 
  we 've also been spreading it all out over a thousand years or so . 
  we obviously could n't afford it if we had to do it all in one go today . 
  i 've seen estimates that place the value of the total dutch system of flood defenses ( not even counting the cost of draining and creating polders ) in the 1-2 trillion euro range . 
  i checked out some of his videos from when he 'd just arrived in sweden . 
  it stood out to me how he seemed completely disinterested whenever he was talking to someone who dismissed the notion that there were serious problems ( to the point of seeming downright rude ) ; but when there was even the slightest hint of problems , his face lit up and he pounced on it ; even when the person he was talking to clearly did n't think things were all that bad . 
  he also seems to phrase things in a way seemingly designed to make things seem more ` exciting ' than they really are . 
  framing the debate , as it were . 
  whether that 's right wing bias , or the more standard bias of a reporter desperate for a story , i can not say ; but it feels fairly blatant to me . 
  no , it did n't . 
  the fundamentals of electric power generation were discovered by michael faraday ; based on pioneering theoretical work of a whole bunch of people going back to william gilbert . 
  and the first generators were british .
