  first , there was a long-standing rivalry between the english and dutch . 
  please remember that there 's a whole slew of insults and slurs in your language that refer to our nationality that come from the 17th century . 
  the notion that we invaded you was not a palatable one to english pride at the time ( quite apart from the fact that nobody likes being conquered by others ) in more recent times , there 's been a patriotic notion of england as separate from the continent and above its concerns , with a thousand years worth of english history without being conquered where us continentals have bloodied ourselves throughout the period . 
  the fact that this notion is wrong does n't seem to dampen the patriotic spirit much , but does factor into the insistence with which english people often force history to fit their national narrative . 
   the landing dutch force numbered 15,000 whereas the english army numbered 30,000 . 
  the naval force that brought them over was the truly imposing part of it . 
  and i mean that in the sense that people of the time , not just dutch people , considered it imposing . 
  463 ships in a massive formation , a total of 40,000 men onboard ; twice the size of the spanish armada and assembled in a fraction of the time . 
  that 's why it was called the glorious crossing . 
   william brought 20,000 arms to equip his english supporters . 
  william was reliant on having popular support to successfully take the throne he was not . 
  the dutch army consisted of veteran professionals , while james 's forces were largely inexperienced and poorly organized , and william was well aware of this . 
  additionally , william had taken defensible locations ; negating any numerical advantage james may have had . 
  the 20,000 arms were a precaution , not a necessity . 
   not a single person opposed him taking the throne , i 'd say thats popular support . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  for one , james did in fact engage william 's forces in battle . 
  secondly , waltzing into a country 's capital with a large army tends to dissuade overly much dissent . 
  third , much of parliament opposed him taking the throne . 
  they wanted him to be merely regent and have mary be the monarch . 
  william threatened to withdraw his army , the only thing keeping the peace , and that was all it took for them to agree to make him joint monarch . 
  not being opposed is not the same as having popular * support * . 
  these are two entirely different things . 
  you * could * try to argue that when william entered london he was received by cheering crowds and that therefore he had the support of the people ... if not for the fact that when james entered london after being prevented from escaping to france ... he * too * was received by cheering crowds . 
  which seems kind of an odd thing for a supposedly tyrannical despot whom the people were in popular revolt against to receive , do n't you think ? 
   and many historians argue on the contary few modern historians who ` se expertise lies in the period actually argue that the glorious revolution did not have aspects of both an invasion and a revolution . 
  doing so would fly in the face of all evidence , and serves no purpose but to appeal to british nationalism . 
  we know william manipulated british nobles to provide him with a pretext , we know he crossed the channel with an overwhelming military force ( this is in fact where the `` glorious '' part of the name comes from , the crossing was referred to as the glorious crossing because of the imposing force assembled ) , and we know he brought his own printing presses and propagandists that immediately went to work legitimizing the invasion in the eyes of the english people ( so succesful that to this day they pretend they were n't invaded on the same arguments ) . 
  an objective view reveals a hard to deny truth : that the english were experiencing civil strife and revolt , and that the dutch took advantage of this to invade and help legitimize the fact . 
  there 's really no reason to reject the invasion part of the glorious revolution unless one has trouble letting go of the myth of an england that has n't been invaded for a thousand years . 
  so the last time you were succesfuly invaded was a little over 300 years ago instead of nearly a thousand . 
  get over it . 
   incorrect . 
  the netherlands did not have a monarch at the time and the power of the stadtholders was in constant flux . 
  it 's not incorrect . 
  with william on the english throne , england was in a defacto personal union under the netherlands . 
  the fact that the stadtholder was not a monarch is irrelevant . 
  historians routinely describe it as a personal union . 
  there 's the incident from 1941 when a dutch minelayer on escort duty accidentally hit an anchor buoy protecting the entrance to the medway . 
  the ship 's captain reported damaging the defences to the port authorities , who supposedly instantly replied with : `` what , again ? '', 
  we 've shopped around quite a bit in the past . 
  but apparently the locals did n't appreciate us moving in and eventually forced us to go back home . 
  something about ` colonial empires being a really unpleasant thing ' or something . 
  we do still have some vacation homes in the carribean , but after a while you really start to miss the shitty weather back home , you know ? 
  many historians do , in fact , agree that it was an invasion . 
  as well as a revolution ( there is no reason it ca n't have the hallmarks of both ) . 
  it is well known that william ii * arranged * for the invitation to take place in the first place . 
  it should also be noted that the term `` glorious revolution '' was dutch propaganda to help sell the invasion as the idea of the british when in fact it was a calculated move to secure the republic against the french . 
  i can not believe i forgot about the glorious revolution . 
  i remind the british of it every chance i get . 
  it was `` technically against the dutch '' in the same way that the spanish-american war was technically between the british and the spanish . 
  which is to say , in no way whatsoever . 
  i was vaguely aware of it . 
  but for some ( totally inexplicable ! ), 
  reason i thought it was with sicily . 
  of course , given that it was basically a dutch admiral deciding to declare war on his own against what was essentially a bunch of pirates , it 's questionable whether this was a genuine war against england . 
  that seems a much bigger change in composition than i would 've guessed to have happened during that time . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd agree with the economist 's view that this kind of breakdown is a bad thing though . 
  there seems to be an awful lot of handwaving being done in order to state that the growth of businesses is an inherently good thing . 
  * first anglo-dutch war ( 1652-1654 ) * second anglo-dutch war ( 1665-1667 ) * third anglo-dutch war ( 1672-1674 ) * glorious revolution ( 1688 ) * fourth anglo-dutch war ( 1780-1784 ) * war of the first coalition ( 1792-1797 ) * war of the second coalition ( 1799-1802 ) * war of the third coalition ( 1803-1806 ) * war of the fourth coalition ( 1806-1807 ) * war of the fifth coalition ( 1809 ) * anglo-dutch java war ( 1810-1811 ) the third war was part of a larger war in which we were simultaneously attacked/invaded by france , the german states of munster and cologne , and england ; somehow we managed to actually win . 
  the fourth war was the result of us supporting the american independence . 
  the java war happened while we were technically annexed by napoleonic france , but it was the invasion of a dutch administered colony . 
  edited in : forgot the war of the first coalition ( and the 2nd , 3rd , 4th , and 5th ) . 
  we started out on the side of the british , but we were invaded by the french who helped dutch rebels establish the batavian republic and from then on fought against the coalition . 
  this was a short-lived vassal state which was followed by an even shorter-lived kingdom under napoleon 's brother , which was followed by a yet still shorter-lived annexation . 
  also forgot about the glorious revolution , in which the dutch republic invaded england and placed the dutch stadtholder on the english throne . 
  this was both a revolution * and * an invasion . 
  a bit of a complicated history , but part of the reason behind it was that it would create an ironclad alliance with england ( as they 'd be in a personal union under us ) and thus safeguard us against france ; hence why william ii arranged for himself to be `` invited '' to rule england and why he sent a large army and massive navy over to make sure everything happened according to plan . 
  i saw the article , but something about it is off . 
  the stats they show give a false impression . 
  for instance , in 2001 ( the figures have undoubtedly changed somewhat since then , but not dramatically so ) in the netherlands , businesses with fewer than 10 employees made up 91 % of all businesses and big businesses ( with more than 100 employees ) made up only 1 % . 
  that 's more or less in line with the stats in the article . 
  however . 
  small businesses only represented 17 % of all jobs . 
  whereas big businesses represented 57 % of all jobs . 
  so while it 'd be true to say that most of the businesses in the country consist of small businesses , it would be false to say that the * economy * is driven mostly by small businesses , as the article implies . 
  i do n't wan na wake up . 
  i might wake up in a gulag !, 
   second of all , europe probably wo n't lead it because your taxes are so ridiculously high , and your patent laws are n't as strong as the us . 
  actually , the us has a significantly higher corporate tax rate than most european countries . 
  also , it 's not really the case that american patent law is stronger in a manner useful to genuine innovation . 
   all new developments in nl after the 90s basically look like a center parcs village . 
  they really do n't . 
  that would in fact be awesome . 
  as a kid i wanted to live in center parcs . 
  i 'm pretty sure center parcs do n't have highrises . 
  that would require it to have once be great only to become shit because all the industry left . 
  in theory there 's no international laws that prevent us from building artificial islands in the atlantic and claiming territory that way so long as we 're not doing so in the exclusive economic zone of another country ( although one could argue it 's possible even within those waters ) . 
  in fact , this is exactly what china is doing in the south china sea ; although the territorial claims they 're pressing on the basis of these small islands are not considered valid . 
  engineering wise , such islands would have to be made using radically different methods than the ones in the op ( or the ecologically destructive methods the chinese use ) . 
  most reclaimed land in the netherlands comes in the form of polders ; which are made by damming off an area of a lake or sea and then draining out the water . 
  this would obviously be impractical in the atlantic ocean , which has an average depth of almost 4 kilometers . 
  the cost and difficulty involved with doing this in the atlantic ocean is n't worth it . 
  this is n't entirely accurate . 
  there 's several big projects that do ( or have relatively recently ) attract serious consideration . 
  there 's the notion that 's popped up of building large islands some ways off our coastline in order to help protect against storm surges ; although there are no concrete plans there , it 's taken seriously enough to be plausible . 
  secondly , they 're starting construction of artificial islands in the markermeer this year . 
  these will become a nature and recreation area more than five times the size of the maasvlakte . 
  it will be ( one of ? ), 
  the largest nature-reclamation project in europe , definitely a big project .
