   the city was bombed by nazi-germany on the 14th of may , 1940 . 
  the bombing killed 884 civilians and rendered 80.000 homeless . 
  when the germans threatened to also eradicate other cities , starting with utrecht , the dutch surrendered . 
  this is a common myth . 
  what actually happened was that the germans threathened to bomb rotterdam ( and then every other city ) , and the dutch government was in the process of surrendering * before * the bombs were dropped because they realized there was nothing they could do about it with aa defenses largely obliterated . 
  however , a communications failure meant that the order to not bomb the city was n't properly given . 
  maybe the uk is more racist ? 
  it 's not about race/ethnicity here , but the perception of wealth and development . 
  if someone 's from a country with the reputation of being wealthy and developed , then they 're an expat . 
  simple . 
  we refer to the japanese and koreans as expats too , so that 's obviously not true . 
   thats why russia is allied with china russia is n't allied with china . 
   also russia has 10 % gdp as debt russia has a government debt of 17.7 % of gdp . 
  not 10 % . 
  and the reason its that low is because russia had to default on its debts back in 1998 . 
  of course , that 's just government debt we 're talking about . 
  private ( corporate especially ) debt in russia is much , much higher and i doubt it 's very sustainable . 
   western countries have huge debt and they 're also generally much more able to sustain those debts . 
  looking purely at debt-to-gdp as an indication of sustainability is ridiculous . 
   the us ca n't pay off its interest rates at this point where did you hear this nonsense ? 
  it 's clearly not true . 
  the american federal government paid around 225 billion dollars in interest last year . 
  it can easily afford this given the us federal government has a budget calculated in * trillions * of dollars . 
  that is only the highest point on the mainland . 
  [ mount scenery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery ) is the highest point in the country since 2010 . 
  it is n't just non-dutch people who dislike it , you know . 
  actually , it depends on the country ; there * is * the largely failed moon treaty of 1979 ; which prohibits the military use of any celestial body ( including military bases or deploying any kind of weapons on them ) . 
  my country is one of only 17 states that ratified it . 
  technically , we would be allowed to have star destroyers ... we just would n't be able to land them anywhere other than earth . 
  well , one of them is the monsoon season . 
  so that 's a definite yes . 
  the other is the prevarnal period , winter/spring , when plants start to grow again and winter vanishes . 
  we just take that as part of spring , but it makes just as much sense to describe that as a distinct season . 
  what 'll really blow your mind is that in parts of south asia , they have six seasons on the calender . 
   and set 2 % of gdp on defence spending as the target . 
  that 's not at all accurate . 
  article 9 dates from 1949 . 
  the 2 % target was invented in 2006 . 
  the 2 % has never been part of treaty law . 
  furthermore , none of what you quoted above even remotely implies that failure to meet the 2 % target is a violation of article 3 . 
  maintaining and developing individual/collective defense capacity is not dependent upon implementation of the 2 % target , nor the implementation of any * recommendations * ( which are not binding ) as described in article 9 . 
  that 's an essentially impossible argument for them to make . 
  if a nato memberstate gets invaded by an obviously more powerful foe , the only possible conclusion in terms of what 's * neccessary * to restore and maintain security , is for them to send military aid . 
  there 's really no wriggle room there . 
  and actually , that 2 % is n't even fucking required in the first place . 
  nowhere in nato 's rulebook does it say you have to spend 2 % on defense or else you are n't covered by article 5 . 
  what trump is saying he 'd do * would * however , violate the rules and mean that the us would be the one not honoring its obligations . 
  so there 's that irony for you . 
  if they 're purely objective and neutral , then they would n't have . 
  otherwise , basically the same reason you have people cheering for brexit despite the world of economy hurt its going to bring down on them . 
  because the euro is the only credible threat to the dollar 's hegemony , being the only other major reserve currency . 
  except we 're the ` koninkrijk der nederlanden ' plus if you 're looking just at the netherlands itself instead of the kingdom , we 're actually a decentralized unitary state ; with the individual provinces still retaining lots of authority . 
  denied . 
  zeeland or get the fuck out . 
  ours is the one a country is named after . 
  it would be just weird to change it . 
  people would start to think new zealand was named after the danish one !, 
   qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois here who lived a year in your wonderful city . 
  for a moment i was like ... `` is that motherfucker saying the netherlands and amsterdam are the same thing ? 
  not this shit again ! '', 
  ... but then i was like ; oh right , my amsterdam flair . 
  the danes will have to agree there 's only one sealand though , and that it is n't theirs . 
  we 've already passed the canadians in terms of the percentage of people able to hold a fluent conversation in english . 
  of course , it 's kind of unfair what with quebec and all . 
   yeah , two of them . 
  the uk and france . 
  no one else in europe contributed anything of significance . 
  if americans ca n't even be bothered to educate themselves as to what their allies contribute , and dismiss our efforts as insignificant , why the fuck should we be inclined to help you in the future ? 
  my small country sent thousands of troops into afghanistan to help you . 
  we sent thousands into iraq to help clean up your mess . 
  we 've bombed tens of thousands of targets in your wars , and spent who knows how many billions of euros on it all . 
  if you 're going to dismiss all of that as insignificant , then we 're just going to not bother next time . 
  there 's a ( dutch ) [ article ] ( http://marineschepen.nl/schepen/nieuwe-fregatten-2023.html ) with details on the design . 
  highlights : * first study model shown to the public had it at 146 meters in length with a crew of a 120 . 
  * will exceed 3000 tonnes displacement . 
  * 16-cell vls * will be armed with essm block 2 . 
  * will likely be armed with harpoons or newer ssm 's . 
  * has room for an nh-90 . 
  * navy seems to want high energy lasers for point defence against hypersonic missiles . 
  sweden happens to have one of the most advanced submarines in the world in its arsenal . 
  partnering with them to design and build a replacement for the walrus makes perfect sense . 
  it 's not like the walrus was something we came up with entirely on our own either ; it 's based on the zwaardvis class , which in turn is based on the american barbel class . 
   it 's joint as in we pay they make . 
  no dude . 
  it 's joint as in , we jointly design and make it . 
  damen is n't some lightweight . 
  it 's one of the largest and foremost naval companies in the world . 
  it does a huge amount of r&d and production . 
  you do n't seem to actually know what 's involved in the cooperation . 
   now it seems we even need to go to a country half our size to even get a submarine replacement . 
  hardly . 
  it 's a joint-project because that simply makes the most sense . 
  if we were determined to do so , we could do it entirely by ourselves . 
  but it 'd cost more and would n't have any practical advantage . 
  that is n't to say we should n't be spending more on the navy ; but the picture you seem to want to paint simply is n't accurate . 
  quite the contrary , the dutch navy is actually very good . 
  it 's small , yes ( although ranked by tonnage we 're still one of the largest navies in the world , and fifth in the eu ) ; but the ships themselves are top tier . 
  and it 's a proper green-water navy ; with global force projection capabilities . 
  which is a lot more than can be said about most non-carrier navies ( and some of the so-called blue water navies too , if we 're honest ) our navy is anything but mediocre . 
  `` apparently in need of replacing '' makes it sound as if this was unexpected .
