  ( not that there 's really any groups where that many children is the norm ) . 
  your understanding of what constitutes human rights and the violation thereof is impressive / s. 
  holy shit , you 're right . 
  sleep deprivation . 
  fixed it . 
   ` the seriousness of the problem has been underestimated , ' marja van bijsterveld , chairman of the audit office supervisory board told the nrc . 
  ` one in nine people have difficulty buying a train ticket from a ticket machine . ' i 'd say that 's quite a positive result , i 'd have expected worse given how many of those things seem to be out of order at any given moment . 
  you already got an answer to that from the other poster . 
  just because you 're not putting someone in solitary confinement does n't mean you have to put anyone in a cell with him ( multiple prisoners per cell is a terrible thing to do in the first place ) , or force anyone to interact with him when they do n't want to . 
  there 's plenty of ways to safely and rationally deal with these type of people that do n't require us to either kill them or put them in a cell and throw away the key . 
  well , yes . 
  regular humans have done utterly inhumane shit to each other since before the dawn of recorded history . 
  expecting joe `` throw 'em in the hole '' average to understand the issues involved obviously does n't fucking work . 
  given the norwegian prisoners sitting out their sentence in dutch prisons ( since we do n't have enough prisoners anymore to fill them ) ; we 'd have a perfect excuse for a dutch spinoff too . 
  indeed . 
  and as the article points out , it is torture . 
  the opposite of solitary confinement is * not * putting someone else in the same cell or him , or forcing others to interact with him . 
  so your argument does n't really make any sense . 
  besides , you could always find * someone * who 'd be willing to interact with the guy . 
  tonight , on ozlo : bjornn : `` hah , looks like we have a newbie at the prison . 
  your ass is mine boy ! '', 
  olaf : `` please do n't hurt or sexually assault me ! '', 
  bjornn : `` what ? 
  no no no !, 
  i meant i was going to beat you at monopoly . 
  oh god no i did n't mean to imply anything so monstrous as rape !, 
  oh sorry , i did n't mean to use a word that might trigger you . 
  also when i say i will beat you , i meant only within the context of the boardgame of course ! '', 
  the size of the space one is being kept in solitary confinement within is not relevant ; it is the psychological effect of forced isolation from other humans that is considered to be torture ; and is considered as such by countless legal experts around the world and which is very likely a violation of international law . 
  the degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons . 
  there have been very strong arguments made that the use of solitary confinement is a human rights violation under the united nations convention against torture and therefore a violation of international law . 
  whether you personally agree or not does n't change the fact that it is widely considered , and by legal experts nonetheless , to be inhuman . 
  no wait , i meant , you 're welcome . 
   we 're 17 !, 
  we 're # 17 !, 
  out of 200 . 
  yes , that makes us one of the largest economies in the world . 
  funny how numbers work . 
   dozens of guys sitting on the sidelines watching genocides take place . 
  you have n't been paying attention , have you ? 
  it 's been well documented that the fall of srebrenica happened because you guys made secret plans with the french and british to deny any air support against serbian targets a month and a half before , which you assholes neglected to mention to your allies . 
  you also neglected to mention the intelligence you 'd gathered well beforehand that the enclave was going to get attacked . 
  that is n't a conspiracy theory , that 's straight from your own documents that have been made public . 
  we were n't even allowed to use our own planes to provide air support because of the international mission 's structure ( which , incidentally , is why we no longer accept participation in an international mission where we do n't have operational control over our own assets . 
  because we ca n't trust you to be reliable partners when we need you to be ) . 
  we are done . 
  you simply do n't know what you 're talking about and are obviously just trolling . 
  please educate yourself . 
   in that scenario , how much blame can you assign to a 2000 bush voter , assuming they did not vote for him again in 2004 ? 
  like i said , there 's always some level of responsibility unless you just cut and run completely . 
  whether that level is significant enough to throw someone under the bus for is a whole other matter . 
  but the point is more that in terms of debate , it is entirely fair to hold people accountable for the actions of the country whose citizenship they claim ; if done for the purposes of argument ; so long as said debate is conducted in a fair and civilized manner ( and you 're not being the ass who brings it up out of nowhere ) . 
  if the topic of my country 's past ( or present ) misbehavior comes up , it is entirely fair to do so as well . 
  it is at that point that i would deliver counter-arguments , which either to serve to defend that behavior , or distance myself from it ( by saying i voted for other parties , for example ) . 
  if an american defends the behavior , well , then it 's entirely fair to continue holding them accountable . 
  if they distance themselves from it , well , then do n't be a jerk about it and ease up . 
  but then , arguing about things is our national past-time . 
  silence , colonial subject . 
  we shall raise your taxes . 
   that 's my dose of insanity for the day . 
  well , you just demonstrated you do n't know anything about reality . 
  the hague is home to , among numerous other legal institutions : the international court of justice , the international criminal court , all the various war crime tribunals , various special tribunals , the permanent court of arbitration , the peace palace , the unrepresented nations and peoples organization , europol , the hague conference on private international law , the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons , and so on and so on . 
  there is absolutely no question whatsoever that the hague is the international legal capital ; a role it has served for well over a century . 
  anyone who does n't know this is obviously not even remotely versed in international law and the history thereof . 
   easy to do when you 're a tiny irrelevant nation that expects others to handle your foreign policy for you . 
  we 're one of the largest economies in the world and have consistently placed our military forces in far greater harm during international interventions than most other countries in nato , thanks . 
  during the yugoslav conflict for instance , the us , the uk , and the netherlands were the only three nato countries whose jets routinely attacked so called ` hard targets ' ( targets protected by active sam sites and enemy jets and the like ) . 
  every time you try to score cheap points against me by insulting my country , you end up demonstrating your own ignorance . 
   no , the us mostly enforces it . 
  we 're the only one that can . 
  we 're talking about * international law * here , not `` whatever america thinks the law should be '' . 
  the undermining the united states has done of the icc is a matter of public record . 
   correct we are a sovereign nation , your laws are none of our concern . 
  the utterly humongous hypocrisy you 're displaying is beyond belief . 
  you can not in one sentence claim that you 're the only one who can and does enforce international law ; and then in the very next paragraph declare that you are not subject to international law and that they are none of your concern . 
  you 've lost all credibility by doing so . 
  there is no point in engaging you any further when you can not even hold a consistent position . 
  you know , that 's a great argument . 
  because in this comparison , i 'm the cop that actually follows the rule of law , and you 're the cop that ... well , does n't . 
  the hague is not just the seat of government for the netherlands , but is also the legal capital of the world . 
  our constitution is the * only one in the entire world * that promotes and guarantees the rule of international law . 
  something we have routinely backed up with the military force available to us . 
  the us , on the other hand , has routinely * undermined * said international law , even going so far as adopting domestic laws that presume to give it the right to invade us if us subjects should ever find themselves subject to said international law . 
   what 's hilarious about this is you 'll be the first to complain about the us having such a strong influence on your country that you should n't have to hold your leaders accountable what the hell are you even talking about ? 
  not only am i * not * complaining about the us having a strong influence on my country ; given that its influence is n't all that strong , all things considering ; but i 'm pretty sure we do hold our leaders accountable for their actions . 
   your nation has a stronger influence on the us than some random middle class american citizens yet it never takes action against it . 
  i was n't aware we could vote in american elections . 
  this changes everything . 
  even if that were true ( which it is n't , given our own extensive involvement in america 's military adventures ) ; it would n't even remotely prohibit us from complaining . 
  if a cop goes around shooting suspected criminals on sight , is the populace not entitled to complain about it despite doing nothing themselves to catch criminals ? 
   but it ca n't be that we actually believe in what we 're doing , can it ? 
  oh sure . 
  you 're * totally * doing it out of the kindness of your hearts and not because you 're required to by treaty law and because it 's in your geopolitcal interests . 
  you 're doing it because you 're just such a selfless country . 
  pat yourselves on the back , go on then !, 
  that capacity for self-delusion some people have is truly a spectacular thing . 
   this is exactly what i referred to earlier . 
  you 're convinced that you know our country better than we do , and if we dare think differently , we 're simple-minded . 
  nice double strawman you got there . 
  * you * were the one complaining that when you tell us you 're just spreading democracy , we complain about how it 's all about the oil for you .
