  i 'm seriously struggling to understand . 
  jesus saves ... ... on financial expenditures designed to help those in need . 
  you do know he used to be part of the vvd , right ? 
  he 's not exactly a fresh-faced ` out of nowhere ' rising star . 
   thing is , even united the benelux would still be politically unimpressive compared to france germany and the uk it would hardly be that unimpressive . 
  the benelux as a single country would have the 12th largest economy in the world , ranking above australia and just below canada . 
  france would only be roughly twice as large . 
  the benelux would be too small to be one of the big 3 , but big enough to be a force to be reckoned with nonetheless ; even moreso when you consider the dominant position the benelux holds in the geography of europe 's economy . 
  which is besides the point ; the habsburg were neither a state nor a unified power ; and in fact were divided between the spanish and austrian branches . 
  belgium was ruled first by the kingdom of spain , and then later austria . 
  at the date this map depicts ? 
  hell no . 
  the republic had been independent for more than 2 centuries but was about to get conquered by france . 
  before then ? 
  yes and no . 
  the low countries * were * under spanish rule ; but they were also part of the hre . 
  the fact that the low countries were ruled by the king of spain does n't mean they were part of the * kingdom * of spain . 
  they were still de jure part of the hre . 
  that 's highly debateable . 
  when charles the bold died , the lands and titles of burgundy fell to his daughter , mary . 
  to avoid having all her holdings taken by france , she married the arch-duke of austria ; but she was still the legitimate ruler of burgundian holdings . 
  when she died , her titles passed on to her son , philip iv of burgundy . 
  because he was still too young to rule , his father served as his regent ; but that does n't mean the low countries were austrian owned . 
  they were still burgundian and not austrian . 
  it 's also why the dutch military * insists * on always having the ability to support its ground operations with its own air assets instead of relying on others ( who as shown , can be unreliable ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure geography is the main reason europe is n't just north america . 
  well , plate-tectonics ultimately , i suppose . 
   the act of abjuration was signed by flanders , brabant and mechelen too . 
  which is n't the same as saying belgium was independent as early as us . 
  if they had n't been retaken by the spanish they 'd have been dutch , not belgian . 
   the part of the country south of the rivers was behind the limes , with maastricht and nijmegen as relevant roman cities . 
  which is exactly what i said , no ? 
  we were never fully roman . 
  there were areas of roman control and influence , but unlike belgium , the modern day netherlands was never in its entirety a part of the empire . 
   the population of the southern netherlands remained higher and was higher still at the time of reunification though , that 's not particularly relevant to the point ; especially in the early period . 
  to start with , i was talking about holland and flanders prior to the republic . 
  secondly , total population is n't as relevant as * urban * population during this period . 
  the republic , and holland in particular was the most urban region in the world at this time . 
  more than half the republic 's population lived in urban centers , which was completely unprecedented in europe . 
  urban development went hand in hand with increased wealth and production . 
  the urbanization of flanders and brabant were instrumental in making them as rich as they were during the middle ages , just as the urbanization of holland was later on . 
   which was one of the contributing factors why neither after 1585 nor after 1830 that really was n't why . 
  the reason why they did n't want to undo the division after 1585 was first because the war was n't going well for us and we were in no position to take the south . 
  and afterwards because we had a 12 year truce with spain . 
  after the truce ended , we did prepare to take the south , but simply did n't have the means to do so ( we did take some areas ) . 
  then , once the war was concluded , we entered an alliance with france which could 've allowed us to retake the southern netherlands , but this was deemed undesirable because it would divide the lands between the republic and france ; and having an even stronger france directly bordering us was deemed unacceptable . 
  in addition , it would end the blockade of antwerp , which amsterdam ( which had become incredibly influential ) did n't like because it would mean new competition . 
  having the south in the hands of the spanish ( and later austrians ) , meant having a bufferstate between us and france . 
  after 1830 , the population imbalance was once again not really a factor . 
  in fact , we tried to retake the south in 1831 and were succesful at first until the french got involved and ultimately forced us to stop . 
  we then still refused to recognize belgian independence until 1839 , when we were finally forced to do so under mounting international pressure . 
  while the population imbalance was part of why the south rebelled , it was n't something the north was particularly concerned with in terms of reunification . 
  as was spanish upper netherlands until we kicked them out . 
  this is n't entirely accurate . 
  holland was already pretty powerful prior to that . 
  it 's true that flanders and brabant were richer during the middle ages , but do n't underestimate holland . 
  it developed on its own well before the revolt . 
  holland already had a bigger urban population well prior to the fall of antwerp , and amsterdam was already europe 's biggest grain port before then too . 
   did n't the netherlands follow roughly the same path until this roughly . 
  we were independent much earlier , were never austrian , were french only once and only very briefly , were never fully roman , were never celtic , and some of those pre-historical cultures are different for us . 
  let 's keep going . 
  * before it was independent , belgium was dutch . 
  * before it was dutch , it was french . 
  * before it was french , it was austrian . 
  * before it was austrian , it was spanish . 
  * before it was spanish , it was burgundian . 
  * before it was burgundian , it was both french and german . 
  * before it was both french and german , it was frankish . 
  * before it was frankish , it was roman . 
  * before it was roman , it was celtic and germanic . 
  * before it was celtic and germanic , it was la t\u00e8ne-ish and hallstatt-ish . 
  * before it was la t\u00e8ne-ish and hallstatt-ish , it was urnfield-ish . 
  * before it was urnfield-ish , it was seine-oise-marne-ish . 
  * before it was seine-oise-marne-ish , it was swifterbanter and michelsberger . 
  * before it was swifterbanter and michelsberger , it was lbk culture-ish . 
  and that 's a rough history of belgium stretching back 8000 years . 
  also , before it was lbk culture-ish , it was og , land of og , ruler of the og people , also known as the neanderthal . 
  it was spanish before that . 
  plus there 's some areas ( like limburg and belgium ) that became part of the netherlands . 
  well , someone 's an utter cock . 
  the french and british in the article do not refer to the belgians as a bunch of children , kicking them when they 're down . 
  they adopt a respectable tone . 
  the 95 % figure was accurate for operations in syria only , last year when european countries were n't very involved there yet . 
  i 'm not sure what the breakdown would be like now . 
  i know that the netherlands was heavily involved in bombing isis in iraq , and only agreed to start bombing in syria this year . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_intervention_against_isil#involvement_by_country ) the uk , france , the netherlands , belgium , and denmark , are the only eu countries involved in active military operations against isis ; the rest just giving support . 
  unfortunately , it only gives out a blurb for the british , french and dutch airstrikes , so there is n't much info on what the danish and belgians have been doing . 
  delivered by dhl due to the lack of a luxembourgian airforce . 
  most livestock in the netherlands is n't any different . 
  multistory megafactories that house a quarter million to a million chickens are n't that rare afaik . 
  there 's been a bunch of protests against those kinds of places over the years , though ; and lots of people seem willing to pay a little extra in their groceries to make sure the chickens are a bit better off . 
  your ability to project is almost as astounding as your basic inability to understand words . 
   moroccan is nationality , not ethnicity , just like religion is n't ethnicity . 
  ah yes , the `` well , technically ... '' defense . 
  even if you were right ( you 're not , btw ) , it still would n't matter because it does n't actually change anything ; the behavior shown towards these groups would still be the exact same . 
  whether you call it bigotry or racism is an insignificant distinction . 
  but you 're wrong of course . 
  moroccan is an ethnicity . 
  it is counted as an ethnicity in official government demographic statistics . 
  this is done because * holy shit ofcourse it 's a fucking a ethnicity you utter twat .
