  and still people act as if ukraine would be in the eu the next day after a yes vote . 
  people are fucking stupid . 
  what happened was that the faction that had been defeated in our civil war fled to france ; which was then taken advantage of by the french , ostensibly in order to invade the republic and help the rebels into power ( forming the batavian republic ) but really to establish a vassal state . 
  the batavian republic was definitely a unitary state and introduced many reforms that would have a lasting effect ... but when its government did n't do as the french wanted it was also quickly replaced by a kingdom with napoleon 's brother in charge . 
  and when the new king did n't do as his brother wanted either , napoleon decided to just annex the country . 
  so while they did help introduce various useful reforms ... they also made a real mess of things . 
  not just that ; it also maintained its own professional army and owned a fleet of warships that would 've been the envy of all but the most powerful european countries . 
  you were n't , though . 
  that would be the dutch republic ; you know , the country that had been a democracy for almost 200 years by the time the american revolutionaries started following its example ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're confused about . 
  they 're simply adding up various indicators of instability . 
  venezuela suffers from a number of very big problems ; but they do n't ( atm ) suffer from problems across the entire range of indicators the ranking utilizes . 
  also note that its position on the list has worsened dramatically in recent years , while those of the countries you mentioned are improving . 
  i 'm also not sure in what parallel universe modern russia would qualify as anything other than a fragile state . 
   do n't get too upset , it seems like most of the pictures are the metro areas as opposed to just the cities . 
  this argument does not apply to any of my points . 
  the randstad is neither a city nor a metropolitan area , but a conurbation . 
  it has very clearly defined borders , and the borders as shown on the map are inexplicably about twice as big as those in reality . 
  it also gets the population of said expanded area wrong . 
  in the same vein : the ruhr area is also not a city ( nor the metropolitan area of one ) , but rather a conurbation ; so it is n't the case that they elected to show the metropolitan area of a city instead of just the city itself . 
  there 's a well-known and well defined named for the conurbation the map shows , while the name they actually picked is clearly not correct . 
  kind of like how mugging victims should take the blame for getting mugged . 
  i never claimed that the basic point of the map is wrong . 
  just that the things it gets wrong annoy me . 
  if you mean the map in the op : like i said , what they show on the map is the rhine-ruhr metroarea , not the ruhr-area . 
  if you mean the wiki , then no , they do n't . 
  it might surprise you to learn that , like most people who make that mistake on occasion , i am well are of the correct usage of `` it 's '' versus that of `` its '' . 
  it might not surprise you to learn that , like most people who from time to time allow these type of obvious but ultimately minor typos to be inserted into their writing on account of fatigue or general apathy , i think the people who try to correct me ... are fucking twats . 
  you do n't think that maybe the * german * wiki would know better ? 
  ironically , the english wiki links to the metro 's website that itself clearly states the population to be [ 5.2 million ] ( http://www.metropoleruhr.de/en/home/ruhr-metropolis/data-facts.html ) , so whoever 's in charge of that page did n't check the sources very well . 
  how the fuck they got 8.5 million is anyone 's guess ; it certainly is n't a remotely plausible number . 
  so ... in order to avoid becoming a failed state ... ukraine needs to seek help from a country that 's actually doing [ * worse * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_fragile_states_index ) on the failed ( fragile ) state index ? 
  every time this map shows up , i get annoyed at the image . 
  first , the randstad is * not * that big ; the picture includes a whole lot of towns and cities that very clearly are n't part of the randstad . 
  secondly , if the randstad were as big as shown , it 's population would be at least 10 million , not 8 . 
  thirdly , the urban areas of the randstad are inexplicably shown as bigger in the map of the whole netherlands than in the map of just the randstad . 
  fourthly , it shows the rhine-ruhr metro-area , and calls it the ruhr-area . 
  the ruhr area is a smaller part of the rhine-ruhr complex and has 5.2 ( not 11 ) million inhabitants . 
  [ more common than you 'd think ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/huis_met_de_hoofden ), 
  while full-scale legalisation would help , it 's more down to us being the gateway to and from europe . 
  even if we legalized everything , so long as there 's countries in the world where drugs are illegal , there 's going to be criminal drug syndicates and cartels operating in the netherlands to take advantage of our role as a global transport hub . 
   but frankish also became high german . 
  kind of , kind of not . 
  frankish in the north developed into dutch and in the east it evolved into limburgish . 
  both of these evolved primarily from the language as spoken by the salian franks . 
  some believe that frankish as spoken by the other franks , the ripuarian franks either developed into , or became part of , the central franconian grouping which is where high german originated . 
  but whether that 's actually the case is n't clear . 
   its all just a question at what point the language became german , but as low german is regarded as german , frankish should be too . 
  no , just no . 
  to start with , low german is regarded as german solely because of socio-political reasons , and not linguistic ones . 
  it really should be considered a separate language , but because that 's historically been culturally/politically unacceptable to germany , it 's considered a dialect instead . 
  secondly , one should n't confuse german with germanic . 
  low german was spoken from the 12th-13th century onward ; at which point you can clearly speak of germans instead of germanic tribes ala the franks or saxons . 
  of course germans will want to lay claim to everything germanic ; but doing so is inappropriate from a whole bunch of different angles . 
  we could just as easily claim frankish should be considered dutch because the important franks originated in the netherlands . 
  damn americans , always taking credit for dutch inventions . 
  if we do n't build 'em ourselves , i do n't want 'em . 
   the netherlands just split off way earlier dutch did n't evolve from the german language as is commonly believed , but dutch and german share a common ancestry . 
  dutch may actually be older than german . 
  old dutch as a distinct language evolved between the 5th and 9th centuries ( by the 9th century it was definitely its own language , but it may have already been a proper language in the centuries before that ) out of the frankish language . 
  frankish in turn evolved mostly out of istvaneonic , which was spoken by the germanic tribes that lived around the rhine ; as well as some ingvaeonic , which was spoken by the tribes living on the north-sea coast ( from which anglo-frisian was derived , as well as old saxon which would evolve into modern low german and dutch low saxon ) . 
  the earliest form of the german language is old high german , which was firmly established between around 750 and 1050 , but probably started developing from the 6th century onward . 
  german ( including low german though that 's better described as a separate language ) and dutch developed in parallel , basically . 
  there 's more people in the benelux than all of scandinavia . 
  just think , we 'd get all that snow covered emptiness and mountains to colonize !, 
  on second thought , i oppose this plan . 
  i do n't want to have to cycle through the snow and up a mountain . 
  well ... now i feel a little left-out . 
   ps : do n't bother bringing the rotterdam effect into play , it would make a minor dent . 
  i 'm not sure why i would ? 
  only euroskeptics bring that up . 
   last i checked america is britians biggest trade partner still . 
  it 's not , though . 
  main export partners for the uk : germany ( 10.8 % ) , united states ( 10.4 % ) , netherlands ( 8.1 % ) , switzerland ( 7.2 % ) main import partners : germany ( 14.9 % ) , china ( 9 % ) , netherlands ( 7.8 % ) , united states ( 6.5 % ) . 
  do n't forget the bicycle bells . 
  `` tring tring ... get out of the fucking way , klerelijer ! '', 
   wait , did she just throw france , belgium , the netherlands and luxembourg in the same pot as germany and italy ? . 
  well , there * was * that time when we got caught in that threesome . 
  those were different times though , when it was n't yet acceptable for nation-states to engage in consensual non-marital sexual escapades . 
  no they do n't . 
  the only time that is the case is when a country tries to deport people when they will face near-certain death or torture in the country they 're being deported to . 
  a ) , fuck anyone that 'd be inclined to deport people under those circumstances . 
  and b ) , uk law would prohibit doing this regardless of the european convention on human rights so it 's absurd to blame the eu for it anyway . 
  that 's actually pretty . 
  in a `` i like looking at pictures of it but i 'm wearing a gasmask if i 'd ever come near that place . '', 
  kind of way . 
   the portuguese , however , are credited with the first instances of putting cannons on ships ( in 1474 , with proper fire teams in 1489 ) . 
  this is incorrect . 
  the first recorded instance of ship-borne cannons is at the battle of arnemuiden , in 1338 , with an english ship carrying 3 cannons . 
  the 1474 date refers to the portugese modifying a caravel with a reinforced deck specifically for cannon placements . 
  there 'd been plenty of times cannons had been used on ships before that point . 
  also , i think you kind of missed my point : which was that cannon-centric warship designs that emerged once the battle of the line type tactics became common , were heavy and expensive enough that a central naval authority had to build and maintain them and could n't retrofit merchant vessels for warduties whenever a war broke out . 
  you 'd build a man-o-war or frigate specifically for war . 
  you ca n't really use it as a cargo vessel in times of peace like you can with caravels and galleons . 
  i do n't know how the portugese navy was organized ; whether it was just an admiralty that could commandeer ships and gather up a navy in times of war , or if they maintained a dedicated force of expensive warships at all times . 
  both could technically be considered a standing navy . 
   but i would expect at least france , china and denmark to have some kind of a navy before portugal 's foundation . 
  navies , like armies , were pretty adhoc throughout most of history . 
  they were basically just gathered up out of merchant vessels or built as needed , rather than under the permanent command of a centralized authority . 
  this was to some extent still true even when naval ship designs became large and specialized enough that you could n't just put some guns on a bunch of merchant vessels and call it a navy and had to actually make dedicated warships .
