  we 've had to deal with that for a lot longer than you have . 
  let holland-senpai comfort you . 
  hey , we fought on your side during that war . 
  can we get some stuff too ? 
  [ we 're going to have to get rid of that as well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddhism_and_violence ), 
   one post talking about how relevant the netherlands is , a statement that no one said ever , `` wonder what the dutch think '' . 
   the next talks about how the eu owns everything in america !, 
  i was n't talking about the eu there . 
  yes . 
  it 's the * netherlands * [ specifically ] ( http://ofii.org/sites/default/files/foreign%20direct%20investment%20in%20the%20united%20states%202016%20report.pdf ) that invests more in the us than china and russia combined . 
  in 2014 , total fdi into the us was 112 billion dollars . 
  more than 39 billion of that ( the single largest share ) was dutch , followed by japan at 34 billion . 
  china managed less than a billion . 
  russia even less . 
  the numbers fluctuate from year to year , but even looking over longer periods , neither russia nor china manage to breach the top 20 ; while the netherlands consistently scores in the top 3 . 
  over the past decade , the netherlands by itself represents around 11 % of the total inflow to the us ( 305 billion total , over that period ) . 
  the eu as a whole , on the other hand , represents almost 70 % of fdi into the us . 
  the smithsonian has a known name , but few people know where it is . 
  it 's one of those names you hear about in movies , and ... well that 's it . 
  i have never heard of the other two ; and do n't feel particularly compelled to visit washington dc for them . 
  which is kind of my point . 
  i 'm sure they 're perfectly enjoyable museums and the city is perfectly fine . 
  but if it was n't the capital , nobody except americans and geography nuts would have heard of the place . 
  and your point is ? 
  the netherlands ( which you may have noticed is not the entirety of the eu , so you do n't get to compare your eu-wide figures to ours ) is the biggest source of outward fdi flow in the world . 
  you 're not outspending us there . 
  well , i had heard of the smithsonian , but i did n't know that was in washington ; so ... well there 's that . 
  also not the one he mentioned ; cause i sure have n't heard of air & space . 
  as for the library of congress , that would obviously not be in washington d.c if it was not the capital , so i do n't think that counts . 
  you 're not helping washington 's case , you know . 
  `` it has some museums !, 
  that you 've never heard of ! '', 
   no one gives a shit about any capital city , let 's dispel that notion . 
  what ? 
  are you insane ? 
  yes . 
  people care about places like london , paris , tokyo , etc. 
  these are huge cities with lots of cultural/economic value . 
  you think people would suddenly stop wanting to visit/live in these places if they were n't the capital ? 
  the fact that they 're the capital of their countries is just one part of what makes them attractive . 
  but for a city like washington d.c , the fact its the capital is the only thing it has going for it ; at least in the minds of most people ( i 'm sure some locals might fight me on it ) . 
   that 's something that applies to most of mankind . 
  no , it 's really not . 
  maybe when you have a village like zurich as your capital and have n't ever visited a real city , you think ` eh , whatever ' ; but for most people in the world ; cities like london and paris are more than just a collection of buildings , and given the tourist figures i 'm pretty sure people from all over the world care about such cities . 
  at least a lot more than you do . 
  and neither france nor germany count as `` huge '' countries . 
  the size difference is n't as big a factor as you imagine ; even less so when you consider the fact the parliament seats are divided by degressive proportionality ; meaning that smaller countries have more seats than they would have if it went strictly by population . 
  and of course relative power/size means something when dealing with larger countries . 
  it always has . 
  in fact , it 's incredibly ironic you , a frenchman , should tell this to a dutch person ; given our history together . 
  you 've always been larger than and us and trying to dominate us , yet you always failed , spectactularly so , until we finally invited you in during a civil war . 
  size is n't everything . 
  a country that 's small but developed is going to be more powerful than a large country that 's poor . 
  lots of other factors come into play as well , of course . 
  the netherlands has always been at the center of european politics because of its highly developed infrastructure/economy and geographic value . 
  nobody 's ever going to go to france to trade with europe . 
  so while we may not be quite as powerful as france within the eu ; only someone who does n't know what they 're talking about would call us irrelevant . 
  it 's a good thing you do n't run the american economy . 
  pissing off the biggest foreign investor in your economy is n't the smartest thing a country could be doing , after all . 
  yes , that 's right . 
  we 're your largest foreign investor . 
  we invest more money into the american economy than china and russia * combined * . 
  easily . 
  that 's a fact . 
  you may be too ignorant to know about us , or too petty minded to admit you do ; but that does n't really matter when you shop in stores * we * own , buy brands * we * own , and work in businesses * we * own . 
  go ahead and ignore us all you want . 
  you answer to us whether you know it or not . 
  that does n't mean its reputation is anything like it is abroad . 
  i do n't know if this still holds true , but a few years back ; heineken was seen as * the * upscale beer in many places like the us . 
  the sort of thing you drank if you were smart and rich or wanted to pretend you were . 
  but at home its just the standard generic beer you drink if you do n't really care about the taste . 
  [ it all makes sense now ] ( http://www.space.com/32695-moon-colony-european-space-agency.html ), 
  exactly . 
  people love this idiotic idea that the eu is n't democratic without actually understanding the first thing about how the eu functions . 
  the people running things in the eu are there through the exercise of our democratic rights . 
  seems perfectly on point to me . 
  nobody would give a shit about washington dc if it was n't the seat of the american government , after all . 
  uhm . 
  what ? 
  the netherlands is a founding member of the eu , the 6th largest economy in the eu ( well ahead of all the countries behind it ) , the trade gateway to europe , and has always wielded far more power in the eu than its size should allow . 
  you 're either trolling , or ignorant . 
  i 'm not sure this is accurate . 
  i mean sure , obviously using it up is going to deplete whats there , but it 's not that we 're running out of reserves just yet , so much as that we 're lowering production for political reasons ( nobody likes earthquakes up north , for some reason ) . 
  we could maintain production for decades to come if we were prepared to be more aggressive in exploitation , but that 's just not politically doable right now . 
   oreo 's started appearing in turkish markets around last year . 
  it 's ok i guess . 
  ** negroes are better . 
  ** i 'm ... not sure if i should be offended ... or make a racist joke about either cannibalism or sex acts . 
  there 's official structures for some of that as well , though . 
  the belgian and dutch navies have formally been under a single benelux admiralty since ' 95 ; which is led by the commander of the dutch navy and assisted by the commander of the belgian naval component . 
  formally ( and in practice ) , the belgian navy has been under the operational command of the dutch navy for some time now ( though belgium still has sovereignty over the political decision to use their ships in a given theatre , of course ) . 
   and you dont produce anything of note so who are you so i can make fun of you . 
  let 's see . 
  out of the top of my head : * 2nd biggest agricultural exporter in the world . 
  * 8th biggest exporter in the world . 
  * home to the largest non state-owned petrochemical company , the largest financial/insurance conglomorate in the world , and the third largest consumer goods company , to name but a few . 
  * produces 67 % of the world 's litography machines ; almost all integrated circuits in the world are made using these dutch designed/built machines . 
  * produces a third of the world 's medical isotopes . 
  * shit-tonne of other inventions ; everything from telescopes to vhs/casettes/cd / dvd/bluray . 
  * if you 've ever used bluetooth , wi-fi , or nfc , you 've used a dutch invention .
