  crimea agreed to stay ukrainian . 
   it would have spared all of us so much fuss or russia could 've just ... * not * invaded . 
  that would also have spared us all this fuss . 
  which only goes to prove why these type of international comparisons tend to fail . 
  that said , i was going by [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_urban_areas_in_the_european_union ) list . 
  quite likely that the bradford on the map actually * is * the conurbation you 're referring to ( west yorkshire urban area ) ; said conurbation has a population of around 1.8 million people . 
  notice how the circle is the same size as that of amsterdam . 
  amsterdam has a metropolitan population of 2.3 million . 
  of course amsterdam is part of a much larger conurbation , but only one other part of that conurbation is represented ; rotterdam , which has a metropolitan population of 1.2 million . 
  however , rotterdam also forms a metropolitan region with the hague , which has a total population of 2.3 million or so . 
  and because the rest of the cities and metro areas do n't individually have more than a million people in them , they do n't get talked about even though if the map were to accurately reflect urban sizes and conurbations , the randstad would be the 4th largest circle on the map ( 5th if the rhine-ruhr area was counted instead of just the ruhr area ) . 
  of course , they probably just grabbed some random list of metropolitan populations and went off of that ... not bothering to check how accurate or complete those numbers are ; or wondering why there 's one conurbation on it but not others . 
  also shows the problem in comparing city/urban sizes between countries using wildly different definitions of city/metro areas . 
  in dutch , the basic version of yes is ` ja ' . 
  there 's a few other ways though . 
  some that come to mind : * jawel ( wel has a variety of meanings , in this case it 's to emphasize that something is the case ) * jazeker ( zeker means ` certainty ' ) * echt wel ( ` it 's really so ' , which is an informal way you can answer yes to some questions/statements ) you can also just make a ` uhuh ' sound to basically mean yes . 
   five and six are german : the ruhrgebiet and berlin ( both around 5 million ) . 
  wait , they count the ruhr area ; which is a conurbation made up of different cities ... but do n't count the dutch randstad ; which is a conurbation of 7 million ( 9-10 million if we count conurbations that could easily be counted as part of the randstad ) ; or the rhine-ruhr conurbation as a whole , which has more than 11 million people . 
  they also do n't seem to count milan which has a metropolitan population of six million , or the flemish diamond which is a conurbation of 5 million . 
  top notch research there , guys . 
  pro-russian troll makes absurd claim . 
  refute absurd claim with facts . 
  get accused of hate . 
   you should n't use the word `` literally '' so liberally . 
  you heard it here first folks . 
  russia used its military forces to lay siege to and blockade ukrainian bases , airfields , ports , and government buildings and laying down minefields . 
  then suspiciously large numbers of well armed russian soldiers on `` vacation '' start showing up fighting alongside rebels and artillery strikes start being fired into ukraine from russian territory ; and obviously russian tanks and paratroopers move into ukraine . 
  but you ca n't call it an invasion !, 
  if you 're not getting paid to post comments like this you 're a frighteningly gullible tool . 
   this is diplomat speech for working together towards the goal of a common armed forces . 
  it keeps open that possibility . 
  it by no means necessitates or ensures it . 
  this is irrelevant however ; since it in no way justifies what russia did , and that 's assumming military cooperation between the west and ukraine is even a threat to russia , which it would n't be if russia acted like the partner we were treating them like before georgia . 
  just because russia has a paranoid persecution complex , does n't mean you have to believe them when they tell you they burned down the orphanage because they were training assassins . 
   what happens if the next joint policy is to fuck russia a little more and close all southern-western access to europe ? 
  then russia can go sit in the corner and think about what it 's done . 
  if we close off access to them , they have only themselves to blame . 
   to close the previous crimea agreement prematurely ? 
  if you 're referring to the sevastopol lease ; neither ukraine nor the eu would legally be able to do so had russia not invaded . 
   as mrs nuland said so eloquently : fuck the eu . 
  ah yes , that old nugget of a russian talking point . 
  to start with , it 's been repeatedly and consistently pulled out of context , being merely an expression of frustration at eu 's response . 
  secondly , contrary to what people try to milk the quote for ( namely to imply europe is just a vassal to the us and thereby try to drive a wedge between the european public and the us ) , it actually does the exact * opposite * of showing the us was making the decisions . 
   edit : also , when arguing why we should get involved , do n't use the nazi germany comparison . 
  it 's been overused during the buildup to the iraq war and does n't help you the way you think it does . 
  i never heard that comparison before , during , or after any of the iraq wars . 
  regardless , it is a perfectly valid comparison in this case : * crimea and the sudetenland mirror each other to a frightening degree of similarity . 
  in both instances , propaganda alleging repression of groups sharing ethnicity with the aggressor nation was used as justification for action , and in both cases , staged referendums preceded annexation back up by force . 
  * russia is experiencing an absurd level of nationalism with power concentrated in a small circle centered around an individual with a bonafide cult of personality going on . 
  * the rights of minorities in russia are actively being infringed upon . 
  * both germany in the 30 's and russia today is cracking down on anything it sees as `` decadent '' . 
  compare the way russia treats the lgbt community for instance , to the way 1930 's germany treated artists and musicians . 
  * germany 's aggression was fueled by a sense of national humiliation and diminished power . 
  russia 's aggression is fueled by much the same . 
  * the same kind of appeasement politics are being played out with the same lack of results . 
  just because * you * think the comparison is overused , does n't mean it is n't an accurate comparison . 
  but i suppose some people just do n't learn from history . 
   article 7 of the association treaty is the reason . 
  stop pretending that the eu just wants to trade peacefully . 
  have you actually * read * article 7 , or are you just parroting rt or something ? 
  section 1 of article 7 deals with conflict prevention , crisis management , regional stability , disarmament , non-proliferation , arms control and arms export control . 
  there 's absolutely nothing non-peaceful or threatening about that . 
  well , i suppose regional stability is scary to russia , seeing as how it does n't like it 's neighbours to be stable . 
  section 2 of article 7 reaffirms commitment to the principles of respect of sovereignty , independence , and territorial integrity . 
  yes , i can see how this threatens russia 's desire to not respect its neighbour 's territorial integrity . 
  section 3 of article 7 states that the parties shall address the aforementioned issues in a timely fashion . 
  oooh ... scary . 
  there is absolutely nothing in article 7 that 'd be a threat to a russia not intent on dominating its neighbours . 
   you 're missing the point , i do n't give a toss about crimea but i assume russians have their own way of seeing things . 
  they have `` their own way of seeing things . '' ? 
  who gives a shit ? 
  it does n't matter * how * they see things ; it does n't give them the right to invade and conquer their neighbours . 
  period . 
  besides that , why the hell should * anyone * listen to what we should or should n't do about crimea when that person * does n't even fucking know where crimea is * ? 
   i was mostly commenting on the western new cold war hawks selling us russia as a major threat which i find hard to believe . 
  russia is the * only * country in the world to have invaded and conquered the territory of another state in the last 25 years . 
  the last country to do it was iraq . 
  what 's more , they used the same kind of frozen conflict they 're still fueling elsewhere in europeas a pretext to do it . 
  there is absolutely no sane manner in which russia 's behavior can be seen as anything other than a threat to us . 
  it 's certainly not something we can afford to ignore . 
   my only point is that the interventionists brigade should take a back seat and stop getting us in trouble after all the damage they 've done . 
  what drugs are you on ? 
  we have n't intervened . 
  if we had , ukraine and georgia would n't be in the position they 're in today , and russia would n't still be behaving this way . 
   you want to go to war , go volunteer in some fucked up militia but please do n't drag us into that mess . 
  ah yes . 
  appeasement . 
  because that worked so well the last time someone went around conquering territory in europe . 
  your attitude is not only morally reprehensible in how you try to defend the illegal invasion and conquest of a country 's territory ; but extremely irresponsible from a pragmatic point of view in how your appeasement only encourages further aggression . 
  russia will not respond the way you want by showing such weakness ; they will only redouble their efforts if they think they can get away with it . 
   point being , i do n't see why make such a fuss about regions outside the eu i ca n't even reliably name . 
  i ca n't even reliably name the regions in france . 
  let 's let the russians have it . 
   he is saying that he does n't perceive russia fucking with ukraine as a significant threat for the eu , and he wants to continue having a normal relationship with russia . 
  russia strong-arming the countries we want to sign trade deals with ** is ** a significant threat to us . 
  and not one we ought to tolerate . 
   what does the eu gain from this ? 
  it is n't a matter of gaining anything , it 's a matter of not allowing the situation to get even * worse * by letting the russians get away with their behavior , thereby convincing them they can do whatever they want . 
  give them a finger and they 'll take the whole hand . 
   you tolerated the americans just fine , to mutual benefit .
