   the idea that you can prosecute your political enemies for lying during a national debate is worrying . 
  the idea that you can not prosecute politicians for knowingly lying to the public is also worrying . 
  surely we can figure out a way to hold politicians accountable for such things without allowing it to devolve into a means to just attack ones politicial opponents . 
  lying may not in itself be illegal ; but we 're not talking about lying we 're talking about * defamation * here , and i highly fucking doubt that the uk is the sole exception in the world where defamation is not illegal . 
  as for the matter of judicial authority ; while i can see the arguments for not having a judge get involved with matters of political opinion like whether or not politicians ought to hold a referendum or not ... this obviously does n't fall under that line of reasoning . 
  there 's a huge difference between a judge declaring that a politician should or should not organize a referendum because another politician wants him to , and prosecuting a politician for lying to the public . 
  these are not equivalent acts before the law . 
  how the fuck do you expect to maintain a proper democracy when you let politicians get away with blatantly lying about things ? 
   netherlands : very high among all generations except maybe the elderly . 
  yes , just ... be prepared for some cringe-worthy dunglish to show up every now and then . 
  there 's just no winning , is there ? 
  if people are n't going to listen to experts , they 're not going to listen to anyone , i guess . 
  uhm ... what the hell is with this title ? 
  the article says absolutely nothing about the dutch government ratifying or not ratifying the agreement . 
  the entire article is about the government 's failure to get some language added to the agreement ( to placate the people who voted against it in the referendum ) , and that the agreement will go into effect despite the government 's efforts . 
  the article 's author suggests that the agreement will go ahead without the netherlands ; but that does n't say anything about whether we 'll end up ratifying it . 
  and keep in mind that this is all based on `` sources in brussels '' , not official statements . 
   i do n't think there 's any other topic in history classes in the west that gets more focus than nazi germany / post war germany . 
  it 'd be nice to hear about some other periods of german or germanic history once in a while . 
  hmmm ... 
  i know !, 
  how about world war one ? 
  people always think their own bullshit detector is in perfect working order , but it almost never is . 
  that does n't just apply to this issue , mind . 
  even the smartest and most skeptic people can and * do * fall prey to con-artists and astroturfing lies . 
  regularly . 
  reminding people of this fact is n't a way to declare your own truth and brand everyone else an enemy a priori ; it 's pointing out to people that they 're * not as clever as they think they are * , and to keep that fact in mind when deciding what is and is not bullshit . 
  anyone who ` se convinced himself that he can perfectly determine if someone is feeding them bullshit ; has fallen for his own bullshit . 
  there 's genuine skepticism , and then there 's dishonesty and nonsense masquerading as skepticism in an attempt to give it gravitas . 
  we have seen altogether too much of the latter and far too little of the former . 
  i 'm all for debates involving skepticism ; when its display is genuine and not just an endless stream of accusations both veiled and blatant against anyone and anything other than one 's own chosen banner of allegiance , for the sake of nothing more than to distract from the facts at hand . 
   really , just americans ? 
  yes . 
  just americans . 
  nobody else makes this mistake ; or if they do , then they 're aware of their own ignorance and know better than to risk revealing it . 
   i 'm sure just as many europeans would n't be able to name where most of the states , or their capitals , in the us were accurately . 
  hardly a fair comparison . 
  for one , like two thirds of the us states have almost the exact same square shape . 
  second ; they are * states * , not countries . 
  they may be the size of countries , but most of them lack the population and relevance . 
  and then there 's history to consider . 
  the netherlands invented modern democracy and capitalism , founded new york and played an integral role in the formation of the united states . 
  what role of significance has idaho played in world history ? 
  and to make for a better analogy as to why europeans ought to know where it is ; what role has it played in * european * history specifically ? 
  excuse me , but a french person does n't get to accuse countries of having a weird language . 
  but if you must know : one is full of former vikings who used to raid and conquer . 
  but now mostly just play with legos . 
  the other is full of former ferengi-analogues who used to trade and conquer . 
  they still have a huge import/export company to run , but they 've calmed down and like , learned how to be contemplating the mysteries of the universe on their day off , dude . 
  despite having been assured by a number of americans that we are , i 'm quite certain we 're not . 
  of course , if you were to join us as the 13th province , that could change ... ... together , we 'd be ... slightly less stoppable !, 
  i thought that was just how you 're supposed to prepare it ? 
  that we 're danish . 
  or if not danish , scandinavian in general . 
  or if not scandinavian in general , german . 
  i can shrug at stereotypes about windmills , clogs , dikes , weed and all the rest . 
  but for fuck 's sake , if you ca n't tell the difference between the words `` danish '' and `` dutch '' , perhaps you should refrain from commenting on matters of international geography and culture . 
  i do as well . 
  yeah , i 'm with you . 
  i mean , i know that if i was lazy enough to get a scale that also sweeps my floors , i would n't want the world to know about it . 
  actually , not arguing with the main thrust of the argument , but defending from a knife is * a lot harder * than defending from a gun if you 're within melee range . 
  if i were fighting someone at that range and they 'd pull a weapon on me , i 'd much rather it be a gun than a knife . 
  at least until i run away . 
  then i want it to magically turn into a knife . 
   tanks by the thousands . 
  sure . 
  the vast majority of which consists of antiques ; and whether or not most of them are actually serviceable is questionable at that given how long they 've been in mothballs . 
  the numbers look impressive in theory , until you realize that most of their active tank fleet consists of t72 's and more than half their reserves consists of t55 's , t62 's , and t64 's . 
  we really do n't have much to fear from tanks that are that old . 
  it 's hardly an idea unique to a 100 years ago . 
  it 's still quite popular today . 
  all i know is that once the apocalypse is over , i 'll be sporting spikes . 
  lots of spikes . 
  all over . 
  and hockeymasks . 
   to be fair , most historic city centers in europe would probably still stand as they did back then , if it was n't for 2 devastating wars . 
  most historic city centers in europe do still stand mostly as they did back then . 
  even with the world wars . 
  examples like dresden or rotterdam are the tragic exception , not the norm . 
  urban redevelopment has done more to alter most historic centers than the world wars . 
   you mean things like `` article 50 will be triggered when your country gets attacked '' , right ? 
  after all , we ca n't believe it at face value . 
  article 5 , surely ? 
  the charter only goes up to article 14 . 
  triggering article 50 has a somewhat different connotation . 
  russia invaded estonia ! '', 
  `` alright , we planned for this . 
  everyone ... leave the eu ! '', 
   the us is the only country in the world that can actually put effective forces practically anywhere in the world and have them accomplish something . 
  well , yes and no . 
  there 's quite a few countries in nato ( my own included ) that have enough force projection to put a sizeable and effective force down on the ground anywhere in the world and accomplish significant military goals . 
  but only the us has enough of it put down a full-on invasion force capable of taking on a large country . 
  are you ? 
  like i said , russia does n't even have any real amphibious warfare ships . 
  the largest landing ship they have is the alligator class , a design that dates from the 1960 's . 
  they only have two of these , and they barely displace 4000 tonnes . 
  compare that to spain 's galicia class lpd 's , from 2000 and which displace 14000 tonnes . 
  then there 's the juan carlos , an amphibious assault carrier which has capabilities the russians can only dream of . 
  yes , the kuznetsov is a larger carrier , but its old , not well-suited for amphibious warfare , and barely seaworthy . 
  it ca n't even weather a storm without losing propulsion .
