   it 's literally not tax evasion if it 's in accordance with irish law . 
  it is , because the irish law would be superceded by eu regulation on this matter . 
   the sheer audacity to think it is because you do n't like it is astounding . 
  well let 's see , on the one hand , we have individual citizens who break their backs their whole lives and see most of their income taxed . 
  and on the other hand , we have megacorporations that rake in billions of dollars that they pay practically no tax over whatsoever ; but it 's okay guys !, 
  it 's totally not tax evasion because a bunch of corrupt lawmakers decided to play loose with international rules and human fucking decency . 
  i do n't care if you find a way to make it legal . 
  if you 've got a guy making 20k-30k a year losing half of that to the taxman on one hand , and a megacorporation that pays a couple of hundred bucks of tax over every million it makes on the other , then i 'm * always * going to call that tax evasion . 
  because that 's what it is . 
  you can newspeak your way into trying to convince yourself it is n't , but some of us are n't that eager to kid ourselves . 
   absolutely , the eu has no right dictating to countires what tax laws they put in practise . 
  it does if those countries implement tax laws that directly contradict eu regulation that those countries are subject to . 
  do you think ireland is exempt from having to follow eu law ? 
  even if taxation is normally the purview of individual memberstates , there are still eu wide rules in place that must be adhered to . 
  the eu has a formal oversight role in matters of taxation ; one of the areas it specifically oversees is whether or not businesses in one country get an unfair tax advantage over those in other countries . 
  so it does n't fucking matter if the irish government says its okay , because it 's * not for them * to decide if it is . 
  ireland agreed to the eu wide rules . 
  it has to follow them . 
  besides , even if all of this was n't the case ... you 're still making a morally reprehensible argument . 
  you 're literally saying that you 're against the eu because it 's taking issue with a country 's laws that lets megacorporations like apple get away with absurd amounts of tax evasion . 
  sorry `` well , if the irish government wants to let apple pay mere pennies in tax over its billion dollar profits while regular citizens get shafted , the eu should just let it happen because its up to ireland ! '', 
  does n't work for me . 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  the eu going after tax evasion makes you favor them * less * ? 
  you obviously can not compare poverty in a developed country with poverty in a totalitarian state with mass starvation . 
  surely this should be bloody obvious to anyone . 
   it can be changed at any time during the process and can also be reversed . 
  well , this is fucking bullshit . 
  study after study show that poverty and obesity are correlated . 
  people are obese because they ca n't afford to eat properly . 
  it 's not a fucking choice for a hell of a lot of people . 
  instead of being complete sociopaths by refusing medical treatment to those in need , the government should instead subsidize healthy foods so that they become cheap and tax the unhealthy food . 
  but why bother with sane and humane policies when you can legally sentence the poor to death . 
   or are you telling me that ufo hitting wind turbines is n't a good argument against renewable energy ? 
  i 'm sorry , but why would you take away what appears to be our best weapon against illegal aliens ? 
  a lot of the people in the rich countries have this view of course ; that the east/south are just in it for the money . 
  that all they want is their free moniez . 
  it 's the sort of thing you see all over the world ; outsiders are always seen as parasitical , and if they 're poorer than you then that seems to be ` proof ' . 
  same deal with immigrants . 
  easier to just paint them all as selfish pricks who do n't do us any good , i guess . 
  nuance is hard . 
   the ruling is n't on apple 's global profits , so i guess this is an attempt at deflection . 
  i 'm not sure if that 26 % figure is even true . 
  it 's probably true in that sort of `` we paid 26 % over the 5 % of the 12 % of the 18 % of actual profits this set of loopholes reduces the amount we 're required to pay taxes over '' way that multinationals typically understand the ` truth ' in . 
  8th largest in the eu . 
  not massive , but also not exactly small . 
  japan is already the eu 's 4th largest export market ; and the 6th largest source for eu imports . 
  the eu is the largest exporter in the world ; japan is the 4th largest . 
  even a small increase in trade volume between the two is worth billions . 
  countries do of course tend to trade with those geographically closest to them ; but distance does n't really form an impediment in modern trade . 
   i did n't know that it was * literally * in the post you were replying to . 
   could you link a source as that is very interesting ? 
  `` the decision to drop sr garc\u00eda-margallo came just hours after the foreign affairs commission in the spanish parliament approved a motion calling for consensus on gibraltar and a focus on dialogue and cooperation . 
  the motion , which was backed by the pp , psoe and ciudadanos , specifically called on the government to avoid `` actions which , in a unilateral way , could condition spain 's negotiating position in future '' with regard to brexit . 
  it did not include any support for sr garc\u00eda-margallo 's joint sovereignty proposal and was seen in the spanish media as a public snub of the former foreign minister . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://chronicle.gi/2016/11/rajoy-drops-garcia-margallo/ ) this is what not-fake news looks like . 
  the statement of a foreign minister that was basically fired for making it . 
  which makes it pretty damn clear that they * do n't * . 
  the telegraph . 
  that minister of course , did not propose grabbing the land . 
  he proposed joint sovereignty so that the people of gibraltar who overwhelmingly voted remain , could have dual nationality and remain eu citizens while also still being british ; and so as to not turn gibraltar into the clusterfuck the uk is about to turn it into . 
  said foreign minister was , incidentally , sacked mere hours after a motion passed that rejected his proposal and sought a more careful position on gibraltar 's role in brexit negotiations . 
  but let 's not mention that shall we ; it does n't fit the brexiteer narrative . 
  they most definitely do n't . 
  maybe some do , but by and large they do n't care about making a landgrab . 
  that 's just uk propaganda . 
  that 's the brexiteers trying to paint the eu as evil . 
  nobody on this side of the water cares about the clay . 
   i am not confused at all , that is exactly my point you stated we called it nova belgica before renaming it new amsterdam ; but not only was new amsterdam never called nova belgica , new netherlands was not renamed from that either ; it was simply used simultaneously . 
  not to be pedantic , but that does suggest you were confusing some things . 
   although in itself the town was pretty unimportant i do n't think this is really true . 
  it was a well fortified location and a fairly rich trading city at the time . 
  not as important as some places , of course , but hardly unimportant . 
   allegedly , this is also the origin of the april fools tradition . 
  which is nonsense of course , given that a ) , that does n't explain why the tradition exists in other countries , and b ) , there are written references to april 's fools day that long predate the capture of the town . 
   it was such a popular name that we even named the colony in new york `` nova belgica '' before we renamed it new amsterdam . 
  this is n't true , incidentally . 
  nieuw-amsterdam was called that from the start . 
  you 're confused with the greater colonial area that was nieuw-nederland : rather than this being called nova belgica first , the names were used interchangeably for the first few years ; which is really purely because at the time belgica was considered the proper latin name for the netherlands ; and it was n't uncommon to use latin names on maps . 
   but diets itself only is used to refer to the language . 
  as i understand it , that is simply a more recent thing . 
  and it would n't really make sense to say that it was only ever used to describe the language anyway , given the root meaning . 
  finding a contemporary source strikes me as too much work though ; i have no time for that . 
   i agree with you . 
  but by no means would they mean the equivalent of the modern word dutch . 
  which is my point ; that there was no distinction between modern dutch and flemish people . 
  it was all the same . 
  dutch . 
  netherlander . 
  you ca n't force modern divisions on the historical terms . 
   diets is a language , not a people . 
  that 's really not true ; especially given the word * literally * means `` the people '' . 
  dietsch originally referred to the inhabitants of the low countries ; and although not super common , it was n't until the 17th century that it stopped being used that way and became exclusively about the language . 
  incidentally , to bring it back to your earlier post : people may very well * have * referred to themselves as nederlander from the middle of the 16th century onward ; wherever in the region they may have been . 
  it would n't have been either/or ; vlaanderen , de nederlanden , belgica/belgium , they were all used for the entire low countries and not the specific modern areas . 
  it would have made perfect sense in the 16th and early 17th centuries for someone from antwerp to refer to themselves as a nederlander , and someone from amsterdam to refer to themselves as a vlaming . 
  it would probably not have been unusual to do so , especially if they wanted to describe where they were from to a foreigner who would n't understand the difference between the various counties and duchies . 
   nobody in the low countries would have told you : `` ja , ik ben een nederlander '' . 
  except * everyone * in the low countries would have agreed that they lived in the `` netherlands '' , whether they were from holland or flanders ; and they would n't have considered themselves particularly different on a cultural level .
