  you can literally walk from rotterdam city centre to the hague 's centre with the longest stretch of field you cross being about 500 meters . 
  that 's nothing . 
  [ it basically is ] ( http://brilliantmaps.com/wp-content/uploads/holland-empty-city.jpg ), 
   the same paper is also arguing for a behavioral definition of intelligence . 
  it was using the test as an example of a metric of intelligence . 
  but turing was not claiming human-level intelligence by the year 2000 . 
  implying that he did and that therefore ai is stalling is incredibly disingenuous . 
   i do n't want it do this again -- it 's exhausting . 
  then do n't . 
  but it is a * fact * that the progress of ai has been breaking expert predictions . 
   and i 'm pretty damn confident that twenty years from now , humans are still going to be employed doing mental work . 
  and literally nobody is saying that they wo n't be . 
  the argument is n't that humans will be completely replaced ( at least not in just 20 years ) ; it 's that humans will be needed less and less and less over time . 
  this is really not a debateable point . 
  it is inevitable . 
  we can argue over the timespans involved before it becomes a serious problem for society at large because of mass unemployment ( and contrary to what you seem to think , we are seeing an increasing consensus both among economists and ai researchers that this will become a serious problem in the next decade ) but that 's all that 's debateable at this point . 
  they 're * not * the exact same arguments , and you saying that proves you did n't understand what was being said . 
  in the past , the argument was that jobs would disappear because the amount of work was finite , and the more jobs you replace with machines , the fewer jobs there 'd be for humans . 
  this is what is known as the lump of labour fallacy that you pointed out . 
  ** but that is not what is happening now . 
  ** now , not only are jobs being eliminated by automation , but any jobs that spring up after will * also * get eliminated because you can quickly train an ai to do any job efficiencies far beyond human capabilities . 
  you are making the mistake of thinking that because the fears expressed today are superficially similar to the fears expressed during the first automation wave , that the underlying mechanisms are the same and that therefore the aftermath will be the same . 
  this is a fallacy , and severe mistake . 
   also , turing estimated human-level intelligence would be enabled by hardware around 2000 . 
  he did no such thing . 
  nor is that what the section of text you quoted is saying . 
  instead , he is giving a rough prediction of when an ai could play the imitation game at that level . 
  the imitation game , incidentally , is a specific form of the turing test . 
  you have 3 players . 
  players a is a man . 
  player b is a woman , and player c is the interrogator . 
  player c can not see either of the other players , and is only able to communicate with them through written notes . 
  player c must determine which of them is the man and which is the woman . 
  player a ( which would be the ai in this case ) has the job of convincing the interrogator to make the wrong choice . 
  so he is not saying that by the year 2000 hardware will allow for human level intelligence . 
  instead , he 's saying is that by the year 2000 , he expects a machine capable of convincing the interrogator to make the wrong decision 30 % of the time . 
  this is a basic form of the turing test . 
  incidentally , there are several programs that are said to have passed this form of the turing test . 
  admittedly they did not do so by the year 2000 , but given he was making very generalized predictions 50 years into the future , i think we can forgive him for being off by a few years . 
   generally-speaking , achievements in ai have really not lived up to the rate of expectation of advance . 
  i 'm sorry , but you could n't be more wrong . 
  you ca n't look at a single prediction from 70 years ago that ended up getting a date wrong and conclude anything from that . 
  if you look at more recent predictions about the rate of ai progress , you will see that they consistently * underestimate * the speed at which ai is progressing . 
  for instance , remember how an ai managed to beat human masters last year ? 
  that was n't supposed to happen for at least another decade . 
  it was thought impossible with current technology . 
  ai is breaking predictions all over . 
  they did n't . 
  nobody said that you 'd be able to teach a steam engine how to manage the books of a megacorporation . 
  did you not read a word i said ? 
  the lump of labour fallacy does not , in fact , apply . 
  your argument ignores the fact that an ai is a fundamentally different beast of automation than something like a steam engine . 
  you can not train a steam engine to do literally any job the way you can with an ai . 
  it already takes just hours to train a neural network to perform various tasks much better than human could ever do them . 
  how anyone could possibly think the situation right now is comparable to automation waves of the past is frankly beyond me . 
  it 's not going to be like in the past where new jobs emerge once you automate the old ones . 
  any new type of job that will emerge is one an ai could quickly learn to be better at than we would ever be . 
  the lump of labor fallacy tries to counter the claim that automation will lead to mass unemployment on the premise that the amount of work available is theoretically infinite ( and that therefore we do n't all have to starve because machines take all the jobs ) . 
  not only is this a premise that has not been proven , it is completely irrelevant with the current automation wave . 
  the amount of work available could be infinite , and yet we could still all end up unemployed . 
  what if they just came for the free cake ? 
   pipe dreams with little to no chance of ever being implemented uhm , what ? 
  cloud seeding is something that countries have been doing for literally more than half a century . 
  it 's nothing new and it has been done on pretty large scales . 
  you can certainly question how effective cloudseeding is , there 's little definitive proof on it . 
  but you really ca n't claim it has no chance of ever being implemented when it * already has been * . 
   even if atmospheric levels of co2 rise past 550 ppm i hope you realize that today , atmospheric levels are already at levels where it 's easily possible for indoor levels to be high enough to cause measurably negative health effects . 
  even in well ventilated places . 
  550ppm in the outdoor atmosphere would cause serious health concerns for a great many people . 
  though that said , i do believe we need to remain optimistic so long as we keep working at the problem . 
  that seems kind of low for the whole of germany , given that least as recent as a few years ago they were still finding 10 a day on average in just the dutch province of brabant alone . 
  germans on beaches ( digging holes ! ), 
  is a thing here in the netherlands as well . 
  so much so that we ( almost ) [ made a horror movie about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kytyqaewaq8 ), 
   in asia hitler is seen as a second napoleon i mean ... 
  i 've heard him described in such terms in europe as well . 
  they were both megalomaniacal dictators who tried to conquer europe and caused the death of millions of people , after all . 
  sure , napoleon 's legacy involves some genuinely good reforms and a lack of industrialized genocide , but the parallels are obvious . 
   if people killed his envoys , he annhilated their entire city . 
  some historians think his army killed more than a million people in one go at the city of merv after they disrespected and fought against him . 
  not to disagree with some of the points about stuff like his non-discrimination and what not ... ... but surely commiting genocide because he felt disrespected is the definition of evil . 
  not really . 
  the nazi swastika is angled 45 degrees , which you almost never see outside of ww2 . 
  it is also intrinsically linked to the specific pattern of black on a white circle on a red background . 
  the swastika itself is an ancient symbol that has seen continuous use . 
  the nazi swastika is not . 
  you may have to consider that your personal circle of friends does not equal ` most people ' . 
  i for one prefer the american spelling in this particular case . 
  the ` u ' serves no purpose . 
  there are no figures for eu estimates of unreported cases in either link you gave , so i 'm not sure what you 're basing your claim on other than your gut feeling . 
  if we 're going by just that , i 'm going to have to reiterate my belief that i 'm much better off eating a hundred eggs in western europe than i am in the us . 
  more importantly , all of this ignores the fact that the eu is regarded as a global example of how to handle the risk of poultry salmonella infection risk in the first case as eu regulations have led to dramatic decreases in infection rates over the years . 
  we 're clearly doing something right . 
  i 'm sorry , but you should probably have read your sources better . 
  from the cdc report :  accounting for underdiagnosis , salmonella causes an estimated 1.2 million illnesses annually in the united states , approximately 1 million of which are transmitted by food consumed in the united states . 
  you 're better off in the eu . 
  probably because you 're conflating some things . 
  you 're probably thinking that because rotterdam is known for re-exporting ( importing something , then exporting it again ) , that the value of all export gets added to gdp . 
  but it does n't . 
  only a small fraction of re-export ( in the form of things like storage and transport fees ) gets added to dutch gdp .
