  they had ironclad arrangements for access to their bases that lasted until * at least * 2042 . 
  even if ukraine were to join nato ( never on the table ) , or join the eu ( never on the table ) , they would still have had access . 
  they did it because ukraine was moving westward with the proposed eu trade deal ; and if there 's one thing russia can not abide , it is its neighbours daring to act like independent nations instead of as the sphere-of-influence vassals russia sees them . 
   through independently verified opinion polls among other things , that ever since ukraine 's independence a large majority of crimeans would have preferred it to belong to russia . 
  sorry , no . 
  in fact , the opposite is true ; pre-annexation , a return to russia or an independence were never in the majority . 
  even in the same year , prior to annexation the figure in favor of joining russia was only 41 % . 
  yet somehow russia expects the rest of the world to believe that in the span of a few months , support magically rose to 97 % ? 
  who the fuck falls for that ? 
  or maybe he recognizes that if russia did n't have nukes , it would think more than twice before acting liking the bully it is ; and we therefore would have no reason to go to war with them . 
  yes . 
  you guys are the victim . 
   chechnya turned into a stable and safe region after being a terrorist hellhole for 8 years lol . 
  you 're fucking joking . 
  chechnya , brutally repressed by russia for daring to desire independence , and responding accordingly . 
  today run by a guy internationally condemned for his human rights abuses and corruption . 
  * thats * at the top of your list ? 
   mandatory military service turned down to 1 year instead of 2 why the fuck do you even have any mandatory military service ? 
   the creation of stabfond ( emergency monetary fund based on oil profits ) which the head of russia 's largest bank stated it would last at year and a half at most . 
  having a savings fund of oil profits is all well and good , but also so completely basic that anyone would 've done it . 
  and most governments would n't ransack it with the ease russia 's government has demonstrated . 
   cutting down tax fraud from big business what a joke ; russians stash at least [ 2 trillion dollars ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/how-russia-china-commit-tax-evasion-more-money-being-stashed-offshore-accounts-avoid-2366220 ) in off-shore accounts to avoid tax ; and russia 's government treats those who expose tax evasion ( particularly among the ranks of government itself ) rather extremely [ poorly ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/11/sergei-magnitsky-russia-trial-verdict-tax-fraud ) . 
  it seems the propaganda machine is quite skilled at twisting reality around to suit its whims . 
   almost complete elimination of violent gangs armed with guns and good gun control ahahaha . 
  by literally [ deputizing them ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/organized-crime-is-now-a-major-element-of-russia-statecraft-2015-10?international=true&amp;r=us&amp;ir=t ) . 
   introduction of the mandatory car driver insurance how [ brilliant ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3039042.stm )  ` maternity capital ' ( huge one off payments for mothers ) an obvious and desperate attempt to stimulate population growth , given if things continue as they are russia 's population will be less than half what it is today by the end of the century . 
   serious raise of salaries for state employees sure . 
  the russian government can totally afford that , along with that ambitious military expansion program and everything else . 
  / s  sochi olympics is this another joke ? 
  the sochi olympics were a shitshow of epic proportions . 
   lowering national debt 100 billion roubles which is not impressive since russia 's debt is already so low due to the fact it previously * defaulted * on its debts . 
  you just triggered us . 
  in 1999 , russia had just defaulted on its debt and the ruble had completely collapsed . 
  after something like that , there 's no way other than up ; so that does n't really tell you anything . 
  especially since the main reason russian 's economy recovered is because oil prices rose rapidly . 
  putin was just coasting on that . 
  if he had genuinely done good by the russian economy , he would 've stimulated diversification of the russian economy . 
  but russia has not learned from its mistakes in the past , and its economy is still dominated by raw resources . 
  as a result , russia 's economy still rises or collapses based on the price of oil . 
  and it 's currently in collapse . 
  you can thank putin for that ; who has n't responded well to the current economic crisis and has only deepened it . 
   okay , i actually have to agree that the media was biased towards clinton here in europe i hardly think they were biased . 
  bias implies an unreasoned or unfair prejudice for or against . 
  given trump 's record of statements and behavior ; you ca n't really say that favoring clinton over him represents some sort of bias . 
  those names are horrible and would go over especially poorly ( or well depending on your perspective ) with dutch speakers , i 'd imagine . 
   the humiliation since 1991 has gone overboard , exactly what `` humiliation '' has been inflicted on them that they did not inflict on themselves ? 
  nato cooperated with them ; even held joint exercices . 
  some eu politicians even seriously suggested that russia might join the eu and nato one day . 
  we did not humiliate them ; but humiliating others has certainly been a diplomatic tactic that russia has used against its neighbours . 
  amsterdam has [ no less than 23 twin cities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_twin_towns_and_sister_cities_in_the_netherlands ) ; none of which are in italy . 
  many of its twin cities are n't capitals either . 
   amsterdam is n't called the venice of the north for nothing . 
  fun fact : amsterdam actually has more canals than venice does . 
  the total length is also considerably higher than that of venice . 
  and it has more than three times as many bridges as venice does . 
  you keep posting these barebones articles from nltimes.nl ; which appears to be staffed by just a single person who does not appear to have any credentials that i can discern . 
  is there a reason you keep linking to the same hack site ? 
  you 're being downvoted because you are engaging in the same kind of bullshit disinformation the russians have been . 
  in the first article you link , the ukrainians point out they did n't * have * the specific information . 
  and the 2nd article is simply repeating a claim by families of the victims that ukraine * right alongside russia * ; yet somehow you hold these articles ( barely longer than a paragraph each ) up as some sort of proof that ukraine and russia are on the same moral footing here . 
  they 're really not . 
  it 's already been established that the ukrainians did not have primary radar data ; they ca n't give what they do n't have . 
  the russians meanwhile , blatantly * fabricated * radar data to push their narrative . 
  as has been well demonstrated by now ( thanks in no small part due to their many different and contradictory claims ) . 
  i do n't know what makes me more ill ; the possibility that some of my countrymen are knowingly aiding russia 's campaign of misinformation and propaganda ; or the possibility that they fall victim to it with such frightening ease . 
  oh please . 
  to start with , i was talking about ukraine reaching out to us on a trade deal , which was the direct cause for russia 's invasion . 
  secondly , ukraine was * not * reluctant in releasing data to the investigation team . 
  and even if they were , nothing can compare to the blatant lying and obstructionism by russia . 
  thirdly , it 's precisely your kind of behavior on this that makes me genuinely ill . 
  i agree with you completely . 
  it actually makes me physically ill to think about it . 
  we had hundreds of our countrymen murdered by a country that has done nothing but lie about it and obstruct our investigation ; and the whole reason that it even happened is because the same country invaded a neighbour and lied about just about everything it did/does in that regard and continues to do so . 
  and it invaded , because its neighbour had the audacity to seek closer ties to the eu . 
  ukraine reached out to us as civilized people ; got beaten and robbed by savages because of it ; our people were victimized too ... and we do * exactly * what the savages were hoping we 'd do . 
  we allowed our democratic process to be subverted in their favor . 
  it is a national disgrace on so many levels . 
   that is exactly my point . 
  if ukraine somehow were to meet the criteria in 20-30 years , then why not ? 
  fear and bigotry , is the answer . 
  part of it is that galileo is european ; so we 're not reliant upon a foreign power anymore . 
  but galileo is a vast improvement over gps in many ways . 
  the latter 's margin of error is about 10 times that of galileo . 
  gps 's accuracy is measured in meters . 
  galileo 's measured in cm 's . 
  that may not seem important , but it opens up lots of new possibilities . 
  you would n't want a driverless car to rely on a positioning system only accurate up to a few meters . 
  galileo is a huge boon to driverless cars . 
  hell , galileo is so accurate that a blind person could easily navigate a crowded city with nothing else . 
  the soviet union was founded in ' 22 . 
  lenin ruled for a grand total of 2 years . 
  under his successor , stalin , gays were brutally repressed , and this was formalized in '34 when homosexuality was explicitly made illegal . 
  these laws remained in effect until '93 ( 2 years after the fall of the su ) it 's hardly a sweewping generalization . 
  cuba was never of particular importance to us . 
  it 's in america 's backyard ; and it makes sense to follow their lead on relations with cuba . 
  the same ca n't really be said of russia ; which is in * our * backyard . 
  if you preface your ranting with the statement you 're not going to respond ; then there 's no point in robbing you of your various illusions and addressing the ad-hominems you so ironically accuse me of throwing about . 
   cura\u00e7ao ( ex dutch colony , 2010 ) curacao is a part of the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  this is missing the dutch ` samenlevingscontract ' , which gay couples as far back as the 80 's could utilize and which would fall under `` other type of partnership '' . 
  in '98 ( as shown on this map ) , a new ` registered partnership ' law came into effect which provided rights virtually identical to regular marriage ; but that does n't mean the earlier partnership rights should be ignored .
