  no , it wo n't require you to live in concrete ghettos either . 
  global poverty is * decreasing * , not increasing . 
  and decreasing at a dramatic rate even . 
  extreme poverty ( that is , people living on less than 1.90 dollars a day ) dropped to below 10 % for the first time in * human history * in 2015 . 
  it used to be 1.9 billion people in extreme poverty in 1990 . 
  now it 's just over 700 million . 
  poverty at higher income levels is * also * dropping globally . 
  so stop making shit up . 
  i was wrong ; apparently half of the figure * is * re-export . 
  that still makes us either the largest or second largest exporter to germany though . 
  as for what 's exported ; pretty much everything . 
  i even saw wooden corks on the list . 
  main exports to germany are industrial/mineral/bio resources , chemical products , fuel , machinery , and animals and food products ,, 
  damn germans , no sense of humor . 
  nope . 
  pretty sure that re-export is n't counted . 
  should we not refer to you as people ? 
  if by `` did it '' you mean being made to buy more german products than they buy american products , then yes . 
  congratulations on being the bottom in the relationship . 
  netherlands still number one exporter to germany , baby !, 
  it 's barbaric , is what it is . 
  i mean , if i had to add cheese to the croissant before microwaving instead of buying the kind that already have cheese inside them i 'm not sure i could go on living . 
  they have those everywhere now , though . 
  yeah , no . 
  this projection does n't seem to take into consideration migration . 
  the [ cbs ] ( http://www.cbs.nl/nr/rdonlyres/4b03a8b3-20c1-490e-a1f9-659266102ca2/0/2014bevolkingsprognose20142060groeidoormigratieart.pdf ) predicts a population of 18,1 million in 2060 , eurostat predicts over a million fewer people in the netherlands in 2060 . 
  the cbs report also states that if migration stopped completely in 2015 , the population would start shrinking in the 2030 's , and would be roughly a million lower in 2060 compared to the projection that includes migration . 
  there 's a margin of error involved of course , which the cbs report acknowledges : for 2060 , a population of between 16,7 and 19,4 million is predicted . 
  however , it is not ruled out that the population will grow up to 20,9 million or shrink to 15,6 million . 
   5 billion is 200 million dollars a year in funding to the pro-western civil society , parties and politicians . 
  false . 
  to start with , most of the money did n't even go into anything to do with politics . 
  1.1 billion went into fostering economic growth , for instance . 
  300 million went into humanitarian aid . 
  2.4 billion went into the promotion of peace and security , including things like military and law enforcement assistance . 
  there is absolutely zero evidence to claim any of the money went to fund specific politicians and parties , much less all of it . 
   the logistics of both the orange revolution and maidan were run on the back of western expertise , evidence please . 
   ` none-violent revolution ' experts were eg . 
  brought in from serbia and georgia during the orange revolution . 
  neither of those countries are western countries . 
  and i 'm also not seeing any evidence for the claim these experts were brought in . 
   the revolution was made possible with that money alongside the money of second-rate oligarchs , evidence please . 
  no , it 's * not * . 
  the cia is primarily tasked with the gathering and processing of intelligence ; covert action represents a relatively small part of what the cia does . 
  and even the cia , despite its reputation , is n't capable of being everywhere and getting involved everywhere . 
  you 're arguing they must be involved because `` that 's what they do '' ; which is an utterly absurd argument . 
  it 's like saying that if a burglarly took place in my neighborhood , it must have been done by croats . 
  i 'd have exactly as much evidence and could use the exact same argument you 're using to claim the cia must have been involved in ukraine . 
  the claim that the us gave 5 billion to those responsible for the ukrainian coup is demonstrably nothing more than russian propaganda . 
  in reality it was an investment over a period spanning decades and none of it went to finance a coup . 
  that is fact . 
  the only people wearing tinfoil hats here are the ones who think otherwise . 
   given cia 's history of putting their dirty fingers in every damn pie , there is no way they just sat on their asses as the tensions rose in ukraine . 
  ah yes , the `` i just ca n't imagine them not being involved '' argument . 
  always a favorite of conspiracy theorists . 
   however , nato has invaded and occupied afghanistan and iraq , and maintained puppet regimes , as well as bombed and supplied rebel military forces in libya , yemen , and syria . 
  none of which are in europe . 
  plus , it might have escaped your notice , but russia is doing pretty much the exact same thing in syria . 
  the claim was made that russia is a natural ally to most of europe , more so than america . 
  it is a laughable claim , and one that does n't become less so by pointing out internationally sanctioned nato interventions * outside * of europe . 
  america/nato is n't invading european countries in order to build/rebuild an empire . 
  russia is . 
   a country who had its legitimate government overthrown by a bunch of violent hooligans , payed by west . 
  afterall we all remember the `` we invested 5 billion into ukraine '' phone calls except had you actually paid attention instead of just blindly listening to russian propaganda , you 'd know that that 5 billion was invested over a 20 year period and none of it went to those `` violent hooligans '' . 
   the only ones trying to portray russia as hostile are the globalist nato invaders . 
  i 'm sorry , when exactly did nato invade and annex bits of its european neighbours ? 
   russia is a natural ally to most european states , more so than america will ever be . 
  mate , you ca n't seriously believe this nonsense . 
   since when russia is a `` hostile country '' ? 
  since they decided to invade and annex part of a country for no reason other than that they wanted to make a trade deal with the eu ? 
  how can anyone * possibly * think they 're not a hostile country to any eu country ? 
   this is the biggest historic ally of france with gb . 
  i 'm not sure whether to laugh or cry at this argument aside from the fact that any historic alliances between the two countries were only ever a matter of convenience ( and only possible because their spheres of influence did not overlap ) and hardly excluded long periods of hostility and outright warfare between them ; how the fuck does them being allied a hundred years ago have anything whatsoever to do with the present day state of affairs ? 
  i 'm not sure why you think you have an actual point hidden in there somewhere . 
  russia 's abominable track record on democracy is a matter of public record ; it 's not a matter of reading the guardian , it 's a matter of demonstrable fact that you can quite easily verify for yourself by looking at a wide range of independent sources . 
  and by all means , feel free to look at what the russian opposition says on the matter , assuming you can find any that have n't met with untimely and `` mysterious '' ends . 
  did you get dropped on your head as a child ? 
   only 2,8 million ? 
  i have always believed that tax havens existed because the country in question could earn a little extra money of foreign companies 2,8 million is better than 0,0 million ; which is what we 'd get if we had stricter rules . 
  or so the argument goes . 
   to us middle american means the places that new yorkers fear to tread . 
  i am aware of this colloquialism , and figured he fell into the trap of just translating literally from the dutch way of referring to central america . 
  so i clarified . 
   how are the dutch going to help the war on drugs in middle america ? 
  not , ` how are we going to help ' , but ` how do we * already * ' help ' . 
  the dutch navy always has ships in that area ( keep in mind that middle america obviously refers to central america , and not the middle of the us ) to gather intelligence and to act directly against drug smugglers . 
  in fact , the new holland class off-shore patrol vessels are exceptionally well suited to this type of activity ; they 're relatively small and lightly armed , but their sensor and communications capabilities are way overpowered for such a vessel , on par with that of the world 's most advanced surface combatants : perfect for intelligence operations or locating and dealing with pirates or smugglers ( which they were specifically designed for , in fact ) . 
  there 's also dutch planes operating from the dutch carribean , gathering intelligence on smuggling operations that can ( and has been ) passed on to the us ( and which has led to succesful arrests ) . 
  `` what ?!, 
  you 're raising your arms in a pre-emptive defensive posture when i swing my knife in your direction ? 
  stop being so aggressive ! '', 
  wait , does that mean we were n't before ? 
  how can we ever trust you after learning this . 
   british arm chips power every hand held device on earth not all of them . 
  in 2010 , 95 % of all smartphones had an arm chip in it , but only 10 % of devices classed as mobile computers did . 
  adding everything up reveals that around 60 % of mobile devices have an arm based chip . 
  obviously they have a dominant market share , but it 's not correct to say that they power everything . 
  for another european example regarding electronics : something like 90 % of * all * microchips in the world are produced using machines made by asml , a dutch company . 
  sometimes people do use the \u00ff as a ligature for ij , but this is an incorrect usage . 
  in the dutch language , the use of two dots above letters only occurs with vowels , and indicates the start of a new syllable .
