  and the red area would be a lot smaller on the map . 
  * a * intense hurricane does n't support the models . 
  but a clear increase in intensity over time correlating with ocean temperature increase * does * . 
  water does n't stay in one place . 
  ocean currents transport both warm and cold water , and naturally , ocean temperatures will vary throughout the seasons . 
  hurricane season tends to peak during late summer . 
  winter . 
  warm water evaporates , becoming moist air that rises . 
  because the air rises , an area of low air pressure is formed below . 
  air from higher pressure areas moves to fill in the gap , then heats up and also rises , this cycle creates rotation . 
  at the same time , the moist air starts to cool down as it rises , creating clouds . 
  what you end up with , if this process goes on long enough , is a hurricane . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  hurricanes are fueled by the evaporation of warm ocean water . 
  global warming is not restricted to the poles ; and it is a fact that ocean temperatures have been rising . 
  as a result , there is a greater potential pool of energy from which hurricanes can form and especially grow in intensity . 
  it is n't clear yet whether or not the frequency of hurricanes is increasing ( but there are definite indications that this is the case , but it is n't unanimous yet ) ; but there * is * a consensus that the severity of them is getting more intense ; and it seems pretty clear-cut that this increase is directly linked to rising ocean temperatures caused by climate change . 
  an increase in the frequency and severity of hurricanes ( and other extreme forms of weather , including heat waves , and yes , extreme winters too ) * is * fully in line with climate change models though . 
  we 've predicted an increase in them for decades ... and that 's exactly what we 've been seeing . 
  should 've asked for a toaster or something , europol . 
  there 's no way i 'm going to find anything on this wishlist before christmas . 
  and that 's an argument against religious schools . 
  not an argument against anything else . 
   you can try to convince yourself that this is n't a problem by looking at the numbers as much as you want . 
  the numbers are the facts . 
  all you have is anecdotes and your gut . 
   australia had the same problem , but after they implemented offshore detention and third-country resettlement , the number of boats dropped drastically overnight . 
  australia 's policies are also internationally condemned , and considered rife with flagrant human rights violations by the un who have demanded change . 
  holding australia up as the example to follow is a horrific idea . 
  and frankly , i stopped reading there . 
   we have information that attackers could come with the migrants . 
  that 's why you have intelligence agencies . 
   we have information that the culture of the migrants does not match our own . 
  well , obviously ? 
  so what ? 
   to the point they form communities that make cultural diffusion difficult difficult , but hardly impossible . 
  it simply takes time . 
   we have information that terror attacks can come from suspects that were even born and grew up in europe that have been recruited by the cultural and religious influences from these outside countries . 
  that 's why you crack down on extremist recruiters . 
   that 's not enough to decide migration policy ? 
  correct . 
  you 're talking about tiny minorities of immigrants that are a potential problem ; and turning that around on the whole lot of them . 
  if a lithuanian immigrates to my country , does n't assimilate into my culture , and ends up killing someone ... it that a justification for us to bar the whole lot of you from our borders based on his actions ? 
  of course not . 
   leave the showers and the cars out of it , it 's an unjust comparison because terror attacks are not accidents . 
  what the hell does that matter ? 
  if shower accidents are more likely to kill you than a terrorist , then logic dictates you should be more concerned by it . 
  it does n't matter if one is intentional and the other is n't when it comes to threat assessment . 
  if walking across the street has a 0.00000001 % of getting me killed by a terrorist attack , and a 0.1 % of getting me killed by a drunk driver ; it 'd make more sense for me to be on the look-out for drunk drivers , and not guys with funny beards yelling something about allah . 
  being most concerned about the thing * least * likely to be a threat to you is the definition of suicidal stupidity . 
   there are preventative actions that could mitigate the effects of terrorism if we took the appropriate measures . 
  by painting the whole middle-east with the same brush ? 
  you 're only going to make things worse . 
  yes , you may stop one or two terrorists from coming into your country now ; but it only breeds further resentment , and that resentment is going to come calling with a vengeance when climate change makes the entire middle-east uninhabitable . 
  well , it 's not ? 
  try as some might convince themselves otherwise , muslims are n't going to end up a large enough minority ( much less the majority some crazy people fear ) for that to be a serious concern . 
  the numbers just do n't support it ; and never will . 
  unless , i suppose , by `` islamization '' you mean , `` there 's the occasional muslim around . 
  horror ! '', 
   you could save the lives of war refugees without granting them entry into germany . 
  possibly . 
  but that 's entirely hypothetical . 
   on top of that , encouraging people to come to europe has increased the death count because people keep drowning . 
  highly questionable . 
  those people would still be coming over , because they 're not being driven to do so by merkel welcoming them , but by unscrupulous individuals convincing them to do so so they can get a nice bunch of money to try and smuggle them over . 
   a better solution would be to provide aid and invest in better living conditions for refugees just outside the warzone . 
  `` just outside '' the warzone ? 
  that seems incredibly naive . 
  would * you * be okay just waiting around the next city over the border ? 
  warzones are n't always neatly delineated areas . 
  that said , yes ideally we would invest in infrastructure and solutions on a more local level ; but when you 're talking about tens of millions being displaced , that wo n't be cost-effective . 
  not when we already have facilities and infrastructure here in europe that could handle the load if we were n't all such a bunch of idiots who scream like we 're on fire just because some refugees are maybe coming to live near us . 
  the numbers europe 's facing would be easily manageable if we stopped being so paranoid and selfish ; and stopped blowing things out of proportion . 
  nobody 's telling you to accept terror attacks . 
  i 'm just telling you that it is ridiculous to decide migration policy based on the risk of terror attacks when you 're literally more likely to die from slipping in the shower . 
  turn that around : why would you alter your behavior , either as a person or as a country , based on something that has such low odds of happening ? 
  why should i want to turn away large groups at the borders just because there 's astronomically low odds that one of them might one day try to kill me ? 
  the odds might be just as high , or probably even higher , that one day one of them might try to save my life as my doctor . 
  or that one among them will turn out to invent the cure to cancer , which he might only have been able to do because immigrating here meant he finally had access to the education and resources he needed to reach his full potential . 
  if we 're going to let remote odds of there being a potential terrorist in with the refugees decide our future refugee policy , then we should also let the odds of there being future doctors , scientists , heroes , and so on , be part of the decision making process . 
  it does n't matter what people are afraid of . 
  it 's not going to be any more valid a fear than this . 
  does n't matter if they 're afraid of terrorists , or islamization , or what . 
  people are scared of anything that is `` other '' ; and they will invent justification after justification for it ; while failing to be scared of things that are familiar but actually far more threathening to them . 
  muslims are just the latest in a long line of `` others '' to be afraid of . 
   if you truly think that the cold and damp areas of china are , culturally speaking , eerily similar to denmark or the netherlands , then i rest my case . 
  you apparently did n't read the 2nd part of my post . 
   yeah , i hear this every day but it still is n't really the same tbh . 
  you 're right . 
  it is n't the same . 
  traffic is much scarier . 
   no way . 
  yes way . 
   in fact there are areas of asia ( china even ) with similar climates and they could n't be culturally more different . 
  of course they 're culturally different ; they 're in asia , and therefore historically isolated from european cultures . 
  but you transport a chinese population into the heart of europe 2000 years ago ; and the constant interaction due to trade , war , migration and so on , will over time result in a chinese-denmark that aside from some of the ancestral genes in the population that would be more or less the same as the denmark we have today ( assuming at least , that history would n't get changed too much by the initial switch ), 
  totally different situations . 
  walking off a cliff carries the * certainty * of falling . 
  walking up to a bear and her young is creating a situation where the bear will feel compelled to use violence to protect its offspring . 
  but we 're talking about people being afraid of the vague possibility that a terrorist might kill them ; even though the statistical odds of that happening are way , way , way , way less than what people generally think .
