  it did n't fucking work . 
  anytime a country they 're trading with does or says something russia remotely does n't like , sure as hell , next week there 's a sudden embargo on a major export of that country for obviously made up reasons . 
  `` nice eggs you 're selling us . 
  we 're worried they might be made of arsenic . 
  is not safe you understand . 
  we 're stopping billion dollar profits for you for the moment . 
  has nothing to do with that thing you said yesterday we do n't like . 
  same as dozen times we stopped egg trade after you said something before . '', 
  besides that ; it would set a ridiculous precedent . 
  you 'd be rewarding them for bad behavior and letting them know they can get away with it . 
  what we all want is for him to * get fucked * . 
  well if you 're just going to arbitrarily define words however you like , we obviously wo n't have anything to talk about . 
  good day . 
  yes . 
  it * is * something entirely different . 
  i permit you to smoke cigarettes . 
  but i neither encourage nor mandate you to do so . 
  they 're completely different words and concepts . 
  this was my immediate question as well . 
  i was imagining an alcoholic hobo desperately trying to elongate individual drops of alcohol with a pair of pliers in the hopes of getting more bang for his buck . 
  i see you 've followed me around to a dead thread now . 
  nothing i said is wrong , by the way . 
  if you 're unaware of the facts , perhaps you might want to read a book . 
  oh please . 
  do n't be fucking ridiculous . 
  to start with , we have not signed any such agreement concerning the netherlands . 
  the us can not legally operate blackops in the netherlands like that . 
  we have signed such an agreement concerning the dutch carribean ; relating to the combined war on drugs ; but that still does n't allow the us the right to go around murdering people in territory of the kingdom . 
  these are n't `` lolol we get to do whatever we want '' agreements . 
  they 're subject to very specific rules , and ultimately still give the host country the right to override the agreement if it feels it necessary . 
  secondly , this has fuck-all to do with the icc ; and sofa agreements do not apply to its jurisdiction . 
   they are n't . 
  no matter how much you pretend otherwise , they are . 
   because you 've created an elaborate fantasy that somehow americans will be arrested and thrown in jail . 
  which americans did you have in mind ? 
  exactly when did i create this fantasy ? 
  i have said nothing about americans being arrested and thrown in jail . 
  i have merely pointed out that americans are just as subject to international law as members of any other nationality . 
  the fact that you somehow interpret this to be some sort of anti-american fantasy says a whole lot about you . 
   we 'd be fine , we have a military and you 're completely irrelevant so no one would be sticking up for you . 
  only we would n't do it like russia in ukraine more shock and awe . 
  try jerking off to that . 
  okay . 
  i see . 
  you * are * a crazy person . 
  good to get that out of the way so i wont have to respond to you in the future . 
  i did n't miss that , because it is n't relevant . 
  if an american citizen accused of warcrimes is put on trial in the us ( and there 's no reason to think it is n't just a mock-trial ) , then obviously there 's no reason for the icc to issue an arrest warrant , is there ? 
  the us is n't special in that regard ; this applies to citizens of any country . 
  the icc is the highest court in existence in regards to these types of crimes . 
  you do n't send cases to a high court when a lower court suffices . 
  the point is that at the point when the icc * does * get involved , americans are treated the same as anyone else , and are subject to the court same as anyone else . 
   you may hate america how the fuck does pointing out the fact that american citizens are not exempt from international law imply that i hate america ? 
  are you like , a crazy person , that you 'd jump to that conclusion ? 
   personally i 'd love to see the us response to that type of action . 
  no , you really would n't . 
  if us citizens ever get tried under the icc , there is nothing it * could * do short of literally starting world war 3 ... which would n't be good for * anyone * . 
   the icc has no jurisdiction over the usa . 
  it may not have jurisdiction over the usa ... but it does have jurisdiction over people from the usa . 
  it does n't matter if the usa signs the treaty or not , because the icc operates on the principle of [ universal jurisdiction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_jurisdiction ) you may not like it , your government certainly does n't like it , but americans * are * just as subject to the court as people of any other nationality . 
   signed an agreement to never prosecute american personnel . 
  uhm . 
  we never signed any such agreement . 
  none of your allies have . 
  you may be thinking of bilateral immunity agreements the us has signed with a number of countries . 
  the only country of any real singnificance that has signed one of these with you is india , however . 
  the rest are just small fry . 
  nobody in nato apart from romania has signed such an agreement . 
  there is a common eu policy that states members may enter in such agreements with the us ; however , this is only under the strict condition that individuals so protected from the icc would have to be prosecuted in the us for their crimes . 
  yet nobody apart from romania has signed such an agreement in the eu . 
  so if someone brings a case against say , a us general , before the icc ; and that general makes the mistake of vacationing in the eu ... then he could * absolutely * be arrested and tried for the crimes he 's being accused of . 
  / sheepishly raises hand . 
  i have no memberships of any kind !, 
  i 've always been a rebel like that . 
  as you can see , the toxicity of the landscape is obvious . 
  the ground is n't supposed to be bright purple . 
  so what you 're saying is we can produce a medical resource from merely squeezing stones ? 
  that sounds like an economic boom waiting to happen !, 
  what ? 
  who are you ? 
  how are you talking to me through this state of the art computational mainframe capable of one hundred calculations per second ? 
  wait , how am i typing this many characters ? 
  the mainframe 's memory is n't large to accomodate them all !, 
  well actually , since we 're both dutch ... it was the canadians that liberated most of the netherlands from the germans ... ... but they 're too polite to say anything so we have to do it for them . 
  you 're not even comparing apples and oranges there . 
  you 're comparing apples and raspberry pi 's . 
  if you think i 'm going to believe the statements of the vatican bank ; which has been at the center of embezzlement and fraud scandals many times , you 'll obviously believe anything . 
  i get it , you have an irrational hatred of religion and think people being taught religion is omg indoctrination !! 1 !, 
  ! 11 that , there 's obviously no chance for a rational debate here if you respond to criticism by setting up strawmen wherever you please . 
   you are not the objective arbiter of morality . 
  there is no objective arbiter of morality . 
  period . 
  your morality is just as subjective as mine . 
  the difference between us is that i recognize that fact , and do n't shift my moral responsibilities to an ancient book and the god it claims to be written by . 
  i do n't get to shrug and go with ` well god says this , and god says that . 
  and all i have to do is believe ! ', 
  i have to decide for myself what 's moral and what 's not , forcing me to actually consider the subject with more than a token degree of intent , and take responsibility and live with the consequences of my beliefs and decisions , instead of laying it all on a god or church that makes all the decisions with me just falling in line . 
  people who live in the real world do n't get to have the comfort of pretending a perfect being has a plan for them , and they do n't get to pretend they can absolve their sins with a confession , a few hail mary 's , and faith . 
   regardless , i hope you are able to learn more about this topic , and change your views to something less hateful and more nuanced the irony is palpable . 
  unlike christianity , i have never laid claim to the ability to define what is and is not moral .
