i will admit my german is basically non-existant . 
  therefore i demand germany adopts the dutch language . 
   without any sort of doubt , the dutch people are the modern germans closest brothers culturally . 
  pretty sure that would be the austrians . 
  it 's weird how germans seem to have this sort of crush on us and being all `` oh dutchies , we are so much alike you and us . 
  '' ; the dutch tend to be more like : `` it 's over germany , stop living in the distant past , and give us back our bicycles already , you promised you 'd give 'em back when we broke up and that was centuries ago !, 
  and we swear to god , stop going to the beach when we 're there ... do n't think we do n't know you 're under the delusion that your beer bellies poking out over those holes you dig are supposed to be alluring !, 
  we 'd get a restraining order if we did n't think you 'd go crazy and break into our house again ! '', 
  then we turn around and go all : `` hey belgium , what 's up ... you want to rejoin the fatherland ? 
  historically there was no real difference between flemish and the people from the northern netherlands ( modern netherlands ) . 
  they were both dutch . 
  as for the dutch falling outside of the hre or being traditionally german ; culturally we were never really part of the hre to begin with , and we were never `` german '' ; first off , there was no * german * culture at that time ; just a bunch of different groupings of semi-independent states that had their own culture . 
  rheinlanders would have been nothing like people from vorpommern , who would be nothing like the people from bavaria . 
  by the time the hre is dissolved you might be able to speak of these areas being `` german '' ( instead of germanic ) ; but even then the differences would be huge . 
  you would n't ever include the dutch states in this cultural block , though . 
  by the time you can start talking about german instead of germanic , the dutch language and culture are already quite distinct from their german neighbours . 
  the language started developing during the frankish kingdoms era ( the franks originated in the netherlands ) , and by the 9th century ( before the hre even existed ) the dutch language can be firmly seen to exist as its own seperate thing . 
  during most of the time the dutch states were part of the hre , they acted pretty much like independent states ( the counts of holland even openly warred against the emperor at times , without any real repercussions ) ; and like the italian states that were part of the hre could never really be described as german . 
  i prefer to translate abn as `` generally civilized dutch '' ... 
  ... i just think it 's funnier that way . 
  more like friet storage . 
  actually , they were only part of the hre for a relatively short time . 
  in 1493 a treaty declared them as a territory of the hre , but they were still officially a part of france until 1549 ; and from 1556 it was a spanish dominion . 
  their ` german-ness ' has nothing to do with the very brief stint in the hre ( the hre was n't even german , really . ), 
  the group there being at first ` germanic ' , which is very much like how someone from ecuador is an american , even though very few people would say that even today . 
  then later it might 've referred more to people from the holy roman empire , which included lots of different cultures besides those from the various german states . 
  the `` duitsen '' in the anthem does n't explicitly refer to german . 
  rather , the word is derived from older germanic and simply means `` our folk '' ; which is the primary way it was used in the 16th century . 
  you can kind of liken it to the term ` american ' in the past it might have been a neutral word that you 'd apply to anyone living in the new world . 
  but nowadays everyone associates it with `` person from the us '' . 
  same situation as with `` duits '', 
  while cool and all ... ... bucharest 's parliament is nowhere near the biggest building in europe . 
  it is the largest * parliament * building in the world . 
  that 's it . 
  the largest building in europe ( and the world ) by footprint is the aalsmeer flower auction in the netherlands ( 518,000 m \u00b2 ) the largest building by usable space in europe ( 3rd in the world ) is the jean-luc lagard\u00e8re plant in toulouse , france . 
  ( 122,500 m \u00b2 ) and the largest building by floorarea is the aalsmeer flower auction again ( 5th in the world ) with 990,000 m2 . 
  the bucharest parliament building by contrast has only 330,000 m \u00b2 floor area . 
  / this concludes your regularly scheduled `` oi , that fucking guy '' comment . 
  this is mostly true ... but not entirely . 
  outside of very rare instances ( like the ancient pharaos ) , the idea of having a ship/boat for recreation was entirely unheard of . 
  however , this is the port of amsterdam ; and as it turns out , the concept of recreational boating pretty much originated in the dutch republic of the 17th century . 
  the country was experiencing a golden age , becoming the richest country the world had ever seen with lots of rich and bored people deciding they needed their own ships , that they then held races and even mock battles with . 
  indeed , the word yacht derives from dutch ; at first referring to light coastal war vessels that then got adopted by private citizens . 
  there were most certainly quite a few recreational ships owned by rich merchants and nobility that you 'd see in the port of amsterdam at that time . 
  not anywhere near as much as this , of course , but you nonetheless see a lot of them on old paintings . 
  actually , this is a rather poor argument to make . 
  european fighters like the eurofighter * do * incorporate stealth features ; but conscious design decisions were made to * not * make stealth the focus of the design . 
  why ? 
  because to do so you have to design the entire airframe around the need for stealth , which affects performance elsewhere . 
  this is especially problematic because stealth is only a temporary advantage , sensor technology advances quickly enough that a stealth fighter will become visible to common sensor systems long before the fighter is taken out of active service . 
  indeed , the b2 can hardly be called a stealth bomber anymore ; it 's quite detectable by modern systems . 
  eads for instance has developed a passive radar system , itself undetactable , on which stealth like that of the american bombers and fighters is completely useless . 
  what matters is how the navies that operate them define and utilize them . 
  the italian ships are classed as aircraft carriers by the italian navy , and are used in that role . 
  they do n't magically stop being aircraft carriers just because they do n't match up to a us carrier . 
  it would be better to describe them as light carriers instead of give them an entirely different classification that conflicts with how the navy themselves define them . 
  the eu does not only have 1 in service . 
  depending on how one defines a carrier it has either 3 or 4 in active service . 
  the french charles degaulle , the spanish juan carlos i , and the italian giuseppe garibaldi and cavour . 
  the spanish juan carlos i is probably counted under the lhd , lph , lha category on the chart . 
  it , along with the italian carriers are significantly smaller than the french and future uk ships , though . 
  nonetheless , they can clearly be defined as aircraft carriers in role . 
  good luck with those delusions . 
  thanks for making it easy to determine whose opinions to reject out of hand . 
  oooh snap . 
  oh sure , of course there were a lot of domestic issues that facilitated things . 
  the glorious revolution was * both * an actual revolution and an invasion . 
  i do n't think that calling it the `` glorious revolution '' is purely english pro-protestant propaganda though . 
  william iii spent quite a bit of coin on pamhlets and other efforts to convince the english populace that he was their friend , both before and after becoming king . 
  in fact , beyond the usual horses , soldiers , and artillery , his invasion fleet included its own printing presses and writers skilled at propaganda . 
  the whole `` protestant victory '' angle was played up extensively by william 's propagandists ; and was not neccesarily a common sentiment without such manipulation to ensure it . 
  he was certainly not greeted as a liberator when he first landed . 
  in fact , the southern gentry failed to provide the support that would be expected to be offered a liberator ; only northern nobles showed william support ( as they had promised beforehand ) . 
  the populace at large refused to take sides until it became clear william was in the stronger position . 
  the general mood at the time had been described as confused , distrustful and depressed . 
  events have since certainly been recast in a different light for the purposes of national pride : the idea of william as being a merely invited king and the whole thing being essentially an english revolution used to be the popular interpretation even just a few decades ago , but modern historians take a decidedly more ` it was an invasion with elements of a revolution ' approach , instead of the other way around . 
  it certainly fits the facts better . 
  i 'm also pretty sure it 's not called ` glorious ' to contrast it with the civil war of the 1640 's , but because the invasion fleet 's channel crossing was already called the ` glorious crossing ' , because the fleet was more than twice the size of the spanish armada and assembled in a tenth of the time ( french historian paul de rapin , who had been onboard one of the ships , called it ` the most magnificent and affecting spectacle that was ever seen by human eyes ' , must have seemed awe-inspiring and ` glorious ' by the standards of the day ) ; the whole thing was ` glorious ' because it was a bold and daring move that shocked europe and determined the course of global politics for decades to come . 
  tl ; dr - conquered england , deal with it !, 
  the reason it 's understood that way is primarily because of propaganda preceding and following the invasion . 
  that 's why it 's called the glorious revolution , instead of the glorious invasion . 
  and even long after willliam 's reign , it made sense to keep up the propaganda ; in order to maintain the popular fiction of an england that 's been unconquered since the normans . 
  modern historians would note that while william iii was ` invited ' to become king of england by a group of nobles , said group was manipulated by him into inviting him in the first place : the whole thing was orchestrated to secure the safety of the republic . 
  he already had plans to invade england even without local support . 
  of course , as king of england , william iii had a lot more power and prestige than as a mere stadtholder ; which may have caused him to favor his new kingdom in certain matters ; certainly he introduced reforms that would in time bring england on par with the republic in many matters . 
  there was also the fact that with such a solid alliance in place , the republic made the mistake of feeling overly confident , making william uncompromising towards france which led to expensive campaigns funded by the republic ; in addition , many bankers moved to london to be close to william 's court ; starting the slow shift from amsterdam being the financial center of the world to london . 
  so our success in conquering england also led to a relative decline , allowing england to become the dominant naval and economic power . 
  it 's not true we divided the east indies trade between each other with you getting india and we getting indonesia as a result of the glorious revolution . 
  for one , we already had indonesia ( or at least , we were the only colonial power of note there ) ; and two , we actually held on to dutch india . 
  i think you 're probably confusing the glorious revolution ( 1688 ) with the anglo-dutch treaty of 1814 ( in which we ceded the cape colony and what would become british guyana , and exchanged kochin and baranagar in india for bangka in indonesia ) and the treaty of 1824 ( in which we ceded the remainder of dutch india in exchange for some stuff in indonesia and guarantees of english non-interference there ) . 
  these two treaties essentially established the border between british malaya and the dutch indies . 
  as to whether or not india was `` a lot '' more profitable in the long term , that 's kind of questionable since we do n't really have any numbers there . 
  and another `` let 's annoy the english '' moment : deciding that the french were kind of dangerous , william iii ( stadholdter of the dutch republic ) decided that the netherlands needed a strong alliance with another country so as to discourage a french invasion . 
  england was the obvious choice . 
  in order to secure an alliance with england , william iii naturally decided that the best way to go about it ... ... was to invade them , set himself up as their king , and place england in a personal union under the dutch republic . 
  he came to england with a fleet of almost 500 ships and an army of around 15,000 soldiers , which left the republic vulnerable to the french ( who had already gotten word of this plan beforehand and who had threathened to invade if william ii went ahead ) . 
  somehow this actually worked . 
  and we scared the french off . 
  unfortunately , this success would also indirectly contribute greatly to the decline of the republic 's power . 
  sorry , i do n't speak polish ; but poland has been posting positive gdp growth for every year since 1992 ; and its gdp per capita is the highest it has ever been ( it was just 4411 dollars in 1991 , while its 11304 dollars today ) .
