  it is remarkable how the point seems to fly over your head with such ease . 
   you 're also apparently very happy to see the slaughter of those under control of the japanese to continue . 
  you cling to a sense of morality but it 's made of paper as you advocate the killing of millions more . 
  see above : japan would 've surrendered anyway . 
   no , they do n't . 
  what a brilliant argument . 
  [ please go educate yourself ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debate_over_the_atomic_bombings_of_hiroshima_and_nagasaki#opposition )  more ward wilson revisionism . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  do n't like someone 's view of history ? 
  call them a historical revisionist . 
  even though their view is actually in line with the views of the people who were personally involved . 
  mcnamara said it best : '' `` if we 'd lost the war , we 'd all have been prosecuted as war criminals . '', 
  ( paraphrasing curtis lemay ) and i think he 's right . 
  he , and i 'd say i , were behaving as war criminals . 
  lemay recognized that what he was doing would be thought immoral if his side had lost . 
  but what makes it immoral if you lose and not immoral if you win ? '', 
  we 're done . 
  there 's no point in arguing with you if you refer to genuine historical facts as `` revisionism '' ( without even the slightest argument ) and can not understand basic moral logic . 
  at least the germans recognize the past crimes of their country . 
  it 's sad that so many americans do n't . 
   what sets them apart from any other bombing in wwii ? 
  nothing much . 
  most bombardments in ww2 were against industrial or military targets . 
  the deliberate targeting of civilians is classed as a warcrime . 
  the deliberate targeting of civilian population centers through the use of mass bombardments or wmd 's in ww2 is relatively rare . 
  the instances where this was done ( on both sides ) are commonly considered to be warcrimes . 
   it 's not debatable and it is relevant . 
  these cities were military targets like many other cities that were bombed . 
  the argument that there were military installations in the cities does not present sufficient legal or moral justification for the deployment of weapons of mass destruction or saturation bombing . 
  it would 've been abundantly clear prior to the bombing that the bombs would cause overwhelming numbers of civilian casualties . 
  this was deliberate ; the commission in charge of determining nuclear targets wanted the strongest psychological effect on japan . 
  the nuclear bombings in this regard were a terror weapon , akin to the v1 and v2 , intended to demoralize the japanese government and population . 
  again , this is a warcrime . 
  they also wanted to demonstrate the weapon to the soviets ; they killed almost a quarter of a million innocent civilians for the sole purpose of showing power . 
  this is morally indefensible . 
  it was a warcrime . 
  plain and simple . 
  if they had wanted to take out the military targets , they could 've done so without nukes . 
  in fact , they went out of their way to avoid doing so , which you would know if * you * actually knew what you were talking about . 
   only someone vaguely aware of these things would spew the ignorance you just spilled all over the internet . 
  many historians , far more knowledgeable about the subject than you or i , state the same thing . 
   there is nothing wrong with defeating an enemy in war , especially in a manner that saves millions of lives . 
  killing 250,000 civilians in order to save an unknown number of allied soldiers is most certainly wrong ; especially when there is historic evidence suggesting that not only was japan already on the verge of surrender but that the american leadership was * aware * of this fact . 
  even if it were undeniably true that the bombings saved a greater number of lives , that still does n't mean that there was n't anything wrong in doing so . 
  it 'd simply meant it was the lesser of two evils . 
  my god , really ? 
  that sounds positively ominous !, 
  we can not allow them to start thinking belgian is its own language . 
  according to americans in the past decade or so , sweden is : * full of communists * socialist hell on earth * european venezuela * socialist heaven on earth * full of hot women * full of vikings * full of muslims * full of rapists * full of meatballs * a shining beacon of light * 5 minutes away from collapse meanwhile , i 'm reasonably certain the average swede just shrugs his shoulders at it all . 
  it 's not false at all . 
  the bombings on hiroshima and nagasaki fit pretty much every definition of warcrime . 
  if it had been the axis that had nuked civilian targets , the acts would certainly have been prosecuted as such . 
  a warcrime does n't magically stop being a warcrime just because it was committed by the winning side and not prosecuted . 
  no , arguments that the nuking of these cities prevented greater casualties ( an argument that certainly has merit , but which remains debateable ... and irrelevant ) does not make it less of a warcrime . 
  arguments that modern warcrime treaties did not exist at the time also do n't apply , as evidenced by the fact that this also applied to nazi warcrimes . 
  the atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki , like the firebombings of dresden and tokyo , are clear examples of allied warcrimes . 
  you stubbornly insist these were not warcrimes and that europeans are somehow only ` vaguely aware of ' the bombings for holding that view , despite the fact that the deliberate nuking of civilians would obviously be regarded as such today . 
  of course , one should mention the fact that that 's not how the english language functions ; someone who has an outspoken view on a subject can , by definition , not be ` only vaguely aware ' of said subject . 
  perhaps you meant to say that europeans are not fully informed about the context of the bombings , however them holding a moral judgement of the bombings different to the one you find acceptable does not demonstrate this to be so . 
  in any case , the stubborness you 're showing represents the same kind of mentality as the modern japanese rightwing , who refuse to accept their country has done bad things during the war . 
  is it really so difficult to look past that star spangled ` we 're the heroes ' propaganda and recognize past wrongs ? 
  you 're referring to the maastricht treaty and the lisbon treaty that amended and consolidated it with the treaty of rome . 
  while it incorporates most of the reforms that were to be in the proposed constitution ; the treaty of lisbon is not in fact a constitution , it is an amendment to pre-existing treaties . 
  the eu does not * have * a constitution . 
  secondly , you 're just referring to the preamble , which simply lists the signing heads of state and then proceeds to state that they are resolved to european integration and confirm their commitments to things like liberty and democracy , etc etc. 
  they could just as easily have listed those things first and then attached the names to the end ; there is no legal or symbolic difference either way . 
  it 's just a minor stylistic difference . 
   that 's not the reason , because it 's false . 
  a lot of countries in europe have a high legal guns per capita , such as germany , france , nordic countries or switzerland , yet you seldom hear about any kind of accidents or attacks with it . 
  the argument is not wrong . 
  there is a trendline that shows the countries with the higher rate also have a corresponding higher rate of gun-related deaths . 
  obviously it 's not an issue that can be reduced to a single factor ( and you can argue that mass shootings are an entirely separate issue ) , but there 's really little doubt that an increase in guns tends to be associated with an increase in deaths from firearms . 
  which honestly ought to be so blatantly obvious to even the most ardent firearms supporter that it 's bizarre it 's still being debated . 
   our constitution does n't begin with `` we the people '' , it begins with `` his majesty the king of the belgians ... '' but belgium 's constitution does n't start with that line . 
  the first line it opens with is : `` belgium is a federal state composed of communities and regions . '', 
  the king is n't even mention till article 85 , and i 'm pretty sure no other european constitution refers to the belgian king . 
  europeans recognizing the dropping of the bombs on those cities as warcrimes ( which they were ) does not equate to thinking america was just as bad as the nazis ( which literally nobody in europe thinks ) ; and it 's pretty much the opposite of europeans being only vaguely aware of the bombings . 
  you do n't seriously believe europeans are only vaguely aware of hiroshima and nagasaki , right ? 
  well , the british and dutch are well aware of it , i assure you . 
  but you ca n't blame other europeans for not paying as much attention to it given their lack of involvement . 
  europe does n't spend a lot per capita . 
  but in actual dollar/euro amounts , the eu still massively outspends everyone except america , and china ( which spends about the same as we do ) . 
  russia will never have the means to match us . 
   not really interested in your pseudo-psychological ramblings . 
  said the pro-russian troll as he immediately proceeded to read the post with great interest , if only so as to better address it in a rambling retort that hit enough of the kremlin 's talking points to have him meet his hourly quota . 
  it did n't matter to him or his employers that he had n't actually addressed anything that the redditor had posted ; all that mattered was that the fud-machine was running smoothly as ever . 
  cackling maniacally , he marvelled at the chaos he was spreading , hoping to bury the world in a cacaphony of white noise that would leave everyone confused and paranoid . 
  just as planned . 
  and then the pro-russian troll woke up from his daydream . 
  if only he could score a direct line to the kremlin 's troll factories , maybe he too could get paid !, 
  hell , it was possible that with the next post they 'd take notice of his efforts , was n't it ? 
  he cracked his knuckles , and went to work . 
  a tiny chunk that 's doing nothing for them except cost money . 
  great success . 
   look at georgia . 
  they thought the same thing , but no nato for them . 
  oh look , it 's the information `` nothing is true , everything is true ! '', 
  war , everyone . 
  of course , in reality , nato has in fact promised eventual georgian membership once they meet the requirements , and this promise has not and will not be rescinded . 
  good job russia .
