  he did n't say they were no more targeted than * any * other group . 
  he merely pointed out that when it happens , we talk about it more . 
  i do n't know that i 'd necessarily agree that we talk `` more '' about anti-semitism than anti-anything else ; but it 's hard to deny that discussions of anti-semitism are particularly emotionally charged due to europe 's history with it . 
  i do n't think it 's an unreasonable stance to argue that talk of anti-semitism can drown out similar talk of abuse of other minorities because of that emotional charge . 
  and such a stance does n't represent some sort of denial of anti-semitism . 
  besides , even if he were saying they are no more targeted than other groups ; that still would n't be a denial of antisemitism , much less complete denial . 
  you should call it * underestimating * the problem ; rather than complete denial of it . 
  they must be using some weird metric here if they conclude that belgium and the netherlands , or germany and the netherlands , somehow share less in common culturally than the netherlands and sweden do . 
   complete denial . 
  you appear to be using an incomprehensible definition of either the word `` complete '' , the word `` denial '' , or both ; seeing as he does n't appear to be denying , completely or even slightly , the fact that antisemitism is happening in france . 
   a huge combination of factors i think . 
  considering canada and switzerland are both well armed and have a low homicide rate i 'd say it 's the social policies that make the difference actually , while it 's true that they have low homicide rates ; these rates * are * still noticeably higher than in countries with much lower number of guns ( and keep in mind they 're nowhere near as well armed as the us ) . 
  the us is an outlier , but there * is * a definite correlation between the number of firearms per capita and the number of gun-related homicides . 
  this should really be obvious , of course ; but somehow people keep trying to convince themselves that the number of guns in circulation has nothing to do with the amount of gun-related violence . 
  obviously you ca n't reduce these issues to a single metric ; and there will be a host of contributing factors , but the number of guns is almost certainly one of them . 
   was that before or after they harassed a gay couple for daring to walk by them holding hands ? 
  i 'm pretty sure none of my neighbours have ever done that . 
  muslim or otherwise . 
  so the question does n't even make sense . 
  oh i 'm sure you 're going to get all huffy and puffy about it and link me some article about an incident where muslims harassed gay couples here or there , and feel vindicated about it . 
  maybe you might even try some statistics !, 
  maybe you might even find some non-padded ones !, 
  would n't that be something . 
  let me save you the trouble and tell you to do n't bother . 
  i 'd rather spoon out my own eyes and eat them than humor you more than i already have . 
  just remember , if you 're going to hold muslims as a whole accountable for the actions of a few of them ; then it 's perfectly okay for them ( and anyone else ) to hold * you * accountable for the actions of a few of whatever group or ethnicity you identify as . 
  i 'm pretty fucking sure that would n't go over well for you . 
   no , it 's how they want you to live . 
  they 'll tell you that if you 'll listen . 
  oh by all means , tell me i just misheard when my own neighbours tell me the exact opposite of what you 're saying . 
   i 'm not afraid , i do n't like the changes i 'm seeing tough . 
  you 'll just have to accept it if you intend to keep living in a free country . 
  if you want to be able to dictate what religion people hold , or control what ethnicities come into the country ... ... then it 's you who should get the fuck out . 
  start your own country somewhere ; because people like you are a far worse threat to my country then my neighbour who just happens to pray to allah instead of to jesus or to nobody at all . 
  ... those links do n't support what you 're saying . 
  for instance , if you do n't bother to read carefully , the first link might give you the impression that violent crime is worse in the uk than in the us if you exclude murders . 
  but if you were to properly read through it , you would learn that this is an illusion caused by different methodologies and definitions of violent crime . 
  uk statistics ( like elsewhere in europe ) , count * all * crimes committed against persons , including robberies , sexual misconduct , and simple assaults , as `` violent crime '' ; whereas in the us , only aggravated assault and actual rape would be counted . 
  once you account for these sort of discrepancies , you find that the rate of violent crime ( other than murders ) between the us and european countries does n't stack in the former 's favor . 
  the nationmaster comparisons you link to all pretty much disprove your point even when not taking different definitions and means of statistics gathering into account ( the rape rate in sweden for instance is as high as it is because of things like the swedes counting each instance of spousal rape separately , whereas in america or elsewhere , it would be counted just once ) ; as only a handful of european countries score worse than the us does ( which scores way worse than most of the other european countries ) . 
   the simple fact of the matter is that i feel safer walking around boston , or new york , or atlanta , or name a city in the us , than i ever did in any city in europe even if you get rid of terrorist attacks . 
  and the simple fact of the matter is that you 're an idiot for feeling that way . 
  the statistics do not justify you feeling less safe in european cities than american cities . 
  they do exactly the * opposite * . 
  even when including terrorist attacks . 
  so i guess , thanks for clearing up my initial confusion about whether you were presenting a parody or not . 
  ... not sure if parody , or just stupid . 
  / shakes fist . 
  precisely . 
  applying the law evenly in all cases ( justice is blind ) is the only way to guarantee the law wo n't break down to abuse . 
   the moment some of your ppl is bombed by isil and you see that comment for bombing video on twitter `` yay , i like this '' . 
  was there supposed to be something more to that sentence ? 
  i 'm sure it 'd make me angry to read something like that . 
  but so what ? 
  the shit my countrymen say and write is constantly making me angry . 
  does n't mean they do n't have the right to say or write it . 
   maybe i 'm not that civilized , but that is hatespeech by all means in my view . 
  your view , fortunately , is irrelevant . 
  the law is the only thing relevant here . 
  and maybe you should imagine what it would be like to live in a country where the government can decide on a whim whether a comment you leave on the internet is illegal . 
  oh wait , you do n't * have * to imagine that . 
  we do n't want * our * governments to * ever * have that kind of power . 
  nobody should have that power . 
   `` freedom of speech '' is not `` freedom of whatever you say '' . 
  well , yes ... actually . 
  that 's exactly what freedom of speech is . 
  having freedom of speech means having the right to say things others do n't want to hear . 
  in europe there * are * protections in place against hatespeech ; but these will not allow you to sue someone for insulting you personally . 
  that would be ridiculous . 
   what if somebody says that `` i wan na wear burka and i dont want you to search me , its against my religion/belief '' . 
  i fail to see what this has to do with freedom of speech . 
  they 're perfectly allowed to say that . 
  they just ca n't expect the authorities to not search them on that basis if they have a legitimate cause to do so . 
   what if some other guy makes propaganda of jihad , would you let them write what they want ? 
  that depends on how they formulate said propaganda . 
  we have laws regarding incitement to violence and hatred . 
  if the propaganda in question skirts up to these laws but do n't break them , then yes we would let them write what they want . 
  if we did n't , we would be violating some of the basic principles of our society ... and it would be * then * and * only * then that we 'd be walking on a thin line . 
  cheering for terrorist activity is * not * hatespeech a priori . 
  it really depends on how things are phrased in order to determine if the laws are triggered . 
  you have to explicitly single out a specific group and explicitly insult them on that basis or call for hatred/violence against them . 
  so if there 's a video posted online of a terrorist attack , and i were to write something like `` yay , i like this '' ; that 's perfectly legal . 
  if i were to write something like `` yay , look at all those jews burning , let 's build more bombs '' ; that would not be . 
  imagine if the laws were n't specific like that . 
  we 'd probably have to arrest half the country if we wanted to apply the law fairly , because people are * constantly * spewing insults and hatred online and elsewhere . 
   i want to ask french ppl , if some supporters of isil living in france were posting propaganda about bombings , after lots of civilians died , would you be telling `` this is freedom of speech '' ? 
  i 'm not french , but so long as they word it in ways that do n't trigger hatespeech/incitement of violence type laws , than the answer is almost certainly : * yes * . 
  afaik there are no french laws against agreeing with horrible acts and expressing your approval of them . 
  nor should there be . 
  people are entitled to their opinions , no matter how questionable . 
  that 's the very basis of a free society . 
  in my family we only ever do it on christmas . 
  it 's also not a particularly fancy set or anything . 
  at least not judging by the fact my mom will , in true christmas tradition , complain that the damn thing either cooks things too fast or too slow every damn year . 
  sensible ? 
  that you think this is sensible really shows just how far gone things already are . 
   we do n't have traditional christmas foods , found the foreigner who ` se never experienced the tradition of gourmetten on christmas , guys . 
  sticking to province borders is silly . 
  the randstad alone has more than 7 million inhabitants . 
  if you added the brabantse stedenrij to it ( which is basically attached to it anyway ) , you 'd get a population of more than 9 million .
