  it 's easy to dismiss someone coming forward as having ulterior motives . 
  does n't matter if they actually have any or not ; just so long as you sow reasonable doubt . 
  that 's why its a fan favorite throughout history . 
  but when it keeps on happening , reasonable doubt vanishes . 
  replaced with reasonable certainty . 
   it has also been claimed in the dutch media that he received a lot of funding from the us extreme right . 
  claimed by people who formerly worked for him , who should know . 
  just like how they accidentally became the largest country on earth . 
  my numbers are from [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_space_agency ), 
   yet they 're not the same , when you include that 30 % we spend more than belgium . 
  no , we do n't . 
  to start with , belgium does n't spend all of its space budget on esa either . 
  but that aside , even adding in the 30 % of our budget we do n't spend on esa does n't exceed belgium 's contribution , as you could easily calculate yourself . 
  our contribution to esa in 2016 is 102.6 million euros . 
  belgium 's contribution is 188.9 million euros . 
  102.6 million euros is 70 % of our space budget . 
  the remaining 30 % will not exceed 188.9 million . 
  belgium has been outspending us on space for a long time . 
  being bigger and richer means that we could outspend them , of course . 
  but we do n't . 
  as i pointed out to you , 70 % of the total dutch space budget goes directly to esa . 
  so yes , they * are * largely the same thing . 
  plus , our participation in the iss falls directly under esa , so those are n't separate . 
  also , * what * dutch satellites ? 
  the last and * only * fully dutch major satellite that i 'm aware of was ans in the 70 's . 
  everything else is basically international and ( mostly ) falls under esa , apart from nano/microsat developments by university groups and the occasional non esa program . 
  our contribution to esa and our space program are largely the same thing ; much as is the case for other european countries with `` their own '' space programs . 
  generally the case is that money goes to the national space program of a country ; which in turn hands most of it over to esa . 
  the netherlands space office ( nso ) handles all dutch activities related to space . 
  about 70 % of the total dutch space budget [ goes directly to esa ] ( http://www.spaceoffice.nl/nl/het-nso/nso-en-esa/ ) . 
  the rest mostly goes to technology subsidies and such ( i would imagine [ sron ] ( http://www.spaceoffice.nl/nl/het-nso/nso-en-esa/ ) eats up a of that money . ), 
  * shakes fist * fiiiinlaaaand, 
  hey . 
  the purpose of writing is to communicate ideas ; at least that book title clearly communicates things . 
  as opposed to titles by nobel winning authors like : `` grapes of wrath '' ( this book is not about angry grapes ) , `` love in the time of cholera '' ( cholera , the most romantic disease ) , `` the sun also rises '' ( well fucking duh ) , or `` the grass is singing '' ( no , it 's not , damnit ), 
  `` my story : how i was faking explosive orgasms on screen , building explosives off screen , and then tracked the people that are into either/or both online ! '', 
  20 years from now , when my face is completely flat ; i 'll look at 2016 as the year when i found out i no longer had the ability to stop facepalming . 
  france is derived from the latin francia , which means country of the franks ; the franks being the germanic tribal confederation that conquered gaul . 
  the author of the map appears to be confusing the etymology for the name of the * country * , with speculation over the etymology of the name of the * people * after whom the country is named . 
  the proposed etymological origins on the map are for the franks , not france . 
  and ... frankly ( pun intended ) ... likely wrong anyhow . 
  separate here meaning that it 's not the same thing as just being a citizen of an eu country . 
  eu citizenship is its own thing , even if you can only get it through citizenship in an eu country . 
  aside from the right to free movement and residency throughout the eu ; you now have the right to : * vote in european elections * vote and run for office in local municipal elections in any eu state . 
  * petition the eu 's parliament . 
  * consular protection from the consulate/embassy of any eu state . 
  * [ rock out to the eu 's anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpi0chapya8 ), 
  eu citizenship * is * a separate thing , and is in addition to national membership , though you can only get it ( afaik ) by being a national of an eu member . 
  2 * could * theoretically be maintained ; but only if the uk just adopts any and all eu legislation ; while not having a single say in it . 
  which is kind of ironic given that brexit was in large part about a supposed return of sovereignty . 
  this would be the opposite of that . 
  4 could be maintained ... but wo n't be . 
  your government is already breaking down privacy protections and the like . 
  hoping that you 're going to retain the same protections is naive wishful thinking . 
  besides , even if you * did * have a government willing to maintain such protections ( which you obviously do n't have ) , you 'd still be better off having an * additional * layer of protection in the form of eu legislation . 
  and in terms of 5 i think you 're missing the point . 
  he mentioned * fewer * incentives ; not * no * incentives . 
  i do n't think there 's any risk of the uk going to war with eu countries anytime soon ; but there 's really no question that a decrease in economic integration would up the risk ( however small that risk might presently be ) . 
  it is unthinkable that members of either nato or the eu would wage war on each other ; but you 're leaving one of those , and there 's been serious concerns voiced as of late that the other wo n't be around for much longer . 
  if neither of those would bind you to us anymore , who ` se to say we would n't go to war at some point in the future ? 
  it 's a matter of there being a * direct * line between the leeuwendaalder and the dollar , but no such direct line between the dollar and the thaler . 
  it has nothing to do with patriotism or any such nonsense . 
  that 's a false analogy . 
  the `` thaler -  american dollar = germans involved ! '', 
  claim would be more like : `` hot chocolate is made by mixing milk and cocoa , milk is made from an animal called a cow . 
  this milk was made in america ; but the cows were introduced by dutch colonists . 
  the dutch word for cow is a word they originally got from the german language . 
  therefore hot chocolate is german , fuck you nybbleth ! '', 
  to which nybbleth responds thusly : ` you crazy yo . ', 
  before the euro we had rijksdaalders ( which were worth 2,5 guilders ) . 
  which could be translated to something like ` dollars of the realm ' , or ` imperial/royal/national dollars ' . 
  interestingly , apart from meaning empire/realm ( in the royal sense ) , as well as all the branches of government put together , rijk also means rich . 
  which totally makes sense of course . 
  it 's thaler , actually . 
  its an abbreviation of joachimsthaler , the first coin with the name . 
  that does not however , mean that the german version of the name has much of anything to do with the american dollar . 
  it was the dutch daalder that was used in america as currency and gave rise to the name `` dollar '' ( which was what the americans later nicknamed the peso which formed the basis of the american dollar ) german coins were n't involved . 
  more fun facts !, 
  the popularity of the liondollar eventually led the americans to refer to the spanish peso which replaced it in popularity in the colonies by the middle of the 18th century as the spanish dollar ( the liondollars still in circulation were so old and worn by that point that you often could n't make their design out clearly anymore , and they were sometimes referred to as dogdollars for that reason ) ; and the spanish dollar in turn became the basis for both the look and value of the american dollar . 
  no , the germans have nothing to do with it . 
  the modern dollar also happened through the leeuwendaalder ; which was used in the new netherlands colony , and was still in wide circulation throughout the 13 colonies well into 18th century ( despite being discontinued in the middle of the 17th century ) . 
  the way you pronounce dollar in english is still very close to the way dutch people used to pronounce daalder in the 17th century . 
   not too familiar with that history . 
  but i can easily imagine the dutch being a subfamily of germanic tribes the netherlands was divided between a number of germanic tribes ; notably the frisii , the batavi , the chamavi , and the canninefates . 
  but also others like the tungri and the bructeri that likely lived partly in the modern netherlands . 
  later of course , you had the salian franks ( you know , the germanic tribal federation that would go on to create your country ) that originated in the netherlands . 
  in any case , the roman border in the netherlands more or less stopped at the rhine . 
  from the netherlands , the romans and their native allies ( particularly the batavi , who were generally regarded as rome 's most elite forces ) campaigned in and conquered brittannia . 
  the daalder itself is named after the thaler , which was first minted in bohemia in the 16th century . 
  dutch merchants used the leeuwendaalder to pay off their foreign debts because it was cheaper to mint them then the rijksdaalder ; and so it was the main coin used for foreign trade . 
  that 's why you find them all over the world . 
  given that dutch international trade volume at the time was absolutely massive ( the rest of europe combined did n't even match it ) , lots of other countries started imitating the leewendaalder . 
   also the netherlands was the only country that was given land from western germany , a gesture by the allies to compensate a bit , eventhough they wanted a strong west-germany as bufferstate and had denied previous land claims by others . 
  we were given a grand total of 69 square kilometers . 
  barely worth mentioning . 
  and most of which has since been returned to germany . 
   the allied forces also bombed a number of dutch cities by mistake the allies bombed targets in and around dutch cities * deliberately * , actually . 
  rotterdam itself was bombed by the allies on a number of occasions . 
  of course , they targeted industry and infrastructure , not civilians . 
  but on 31st of march , 1943 though , 78 american b17 's and 24 b24 's perform a bombing raid on rotterdam 's shipyards and port , and due to inaccurate targeting , end up killing hundreds of civilians .
