  sure , it 's been argued that if greece adopted its own currency , they could devalue it and boost their exports in order to claw their way out of debt . 
  that may or may not be true ; but the fact is they did n't choose to do so , and you ca n't pin that on the euro . 
   what about schengen lol ? 
  what about it ? 
  sorry , nothing but meaningless hyperbole again . 
  the numbers coming in may seem scary to someone who gets their news from right-wing newspapers ; but should n't , and actually are n't particularly problematic . 
  if not for right-wing xenophobes pretending its the end of the world , there would n't be much of an issue at all . 
  the problem is n't immigration itself , or schengen . 
  the problem is that some governments , mainly spurred on by xenophobic sentiments , are unwilling to take on their fair share . 
  if countries like the uk , spain , poland , and so on , were to adopt a fair share ; then countries like germany and sweden would n't have to take in these types of massive numbers . 
  if every country took in the same number of people relative to their population size , and decided to enact sensible policies of spreading them around their countries , what exactly would the problem be ? 
  you 'd have 1 refugee for something like every 500 eu citizens . 
  scary !, 
   germany inviting in half the muslim third world . 
  there you go again , with that hyperbole . 
  half the muslim third world would be at least 500 million people . 
  i 'm pretty sure germany has n't invited that many people , and so are you . 
  stop being dramatic about everything . 
  because literally nothing you just said is actually true ? 
  to start with , other european countries are n't far behind ; the uk 's softpower according to that ranking would represent only a small part of the eu 's whole . 
  important ? 
  yes . 
  hugely so ? 
  highly debateable . 
  more importantly however , is that that ranking is n't very useful for determining how capable countries are managing their soft power potential . 
  the uk scores high in large part because of the presence of renowned institutions like the bbc and oxford ; which generate a lot of influence . 
  only problem ? 
  that 's influence you can not actually use very well to accomplish your own geopolitical goals , much less those of the eu . 
  certainly it does n't hurt to have them be in the eu ; but losing them would n't particularly affect the eu 's ability to engage in soft-power politics . 
  having an influential culture , and leveraging that culture on the political worldstage are two different things though . 
  it has more justification even ; because of the tectonic separation between it and the rest of eurasia . 
  of course , it 's only about half as big as australia , which is the smallest of the landmasses recognized as continents . 
  europe is n't really a continent though . 
  i mean , we like to pretend we are , but it 's entirely cultural . 
  if europe is a continent , then so is india . 
  actually , india has a better claim to being a continent since it 's tectonically separate from the rest of eurasia . 
  not enough to make it stop being geopolitically relevant . 
  the eu 's defence spending without the uk would still dwarf literally everyone but the us and china ( the latter of which wo n't be much ahead of the eu ) , same as it does now . 
  plus , the loss of the uk would surely push greater eu military integration of the sort that 's already happening , and might well lead to increased spending to pick up the slack . 
  it could even lead to the formation of a proper unified eu military , as is already being discussed ; in which case eu military power would almost certainly * increase * in the long term , rather than decrease . 
  as for diplomatic and cultural influence ; you 're overestimating the uk 's contribution in that area if you 're referring to the uk 's loss as `` huge '' . 
  especially when factoring in the ways the uk actually seems to impede eu diplomatic efforts as much as it contributes to them . 
  as for the economic hit ; it 's been well established by now that any economic damage the eu suffers will be nothing compared to the damage the uk will face . 
   .  it 'd go from being the largest economy in the world ... ... to being the 2nd largest . 
  really struggling how anyone could take the idea that the eu would stop being geo-politically relevant without the uk seriously . 
   that 's pretty crazy . 
  i do n't think any other country can say that really . 
  uhm , lots of countries outside of europe can say that there are n't any areas without a soul for a hundred kilometers around , actually . 
  india for example has some sparsely populated areas , but i do n't think there 's any settlement that 's as far as a 100km from any other . 
  then there 's countries like bangladesh , south-korea , and japan where that 's also the case . 
  also , certain smaller african countries like gambia , guinea-bissau ( neighbouring guinea too probably ) , sierra leone , and a bunch of others . 
  then of course there 's the carribean countries , where it applies to all of them . 
  honestly , it 's not that rare to find this to be the case with countries in general . 
  of course , there 's still a difference between many of those countries and certain areas of eurasia in terms of density . 
  but still . 
   democracy is not an end in itself , but rather a means to achieve a better quality of life . 
  that 's ... clearly not what 's implied when the words `` everyone will see that democracy is a vehicle '' are immediately preceded by `` when * we * get the power '' . 
  ... how is that any better ? 
  it means exactly the same thing just using slightly different wording . 
  not to argue they have it great over there , but i 'm pretty sure nobody gets executed * anywhere * in europe for being gay . 
  the only european country that still executes people is belarus . 
  and it 's not illegal to be gay there , even if being open about it nets you a lot of hate and abuse . 
  not speaking about germany in particular ; but often women in history were given some more leeway when it came to punishment for these ( or really anything ) type of things . 
  they 'd be more likely to be given a second chance instead of being executed during the middle ages . 
  all bets are off if they 'd get caught again though . 
  greenland is not part of denmark . 
  greenland is an autonomous country within the danish realm . 
  saba on the other hand is a municipiality ( ie ; gemeente ) of the netherlands itself . 
  still in the netherlands though , since the dissolution of the antilles . 
  the vaalserberg is not the highest point in the netherlands anymore . 
  since saba officially became a special municipality in 2010 , the tallest point in the netherlands is mount scenery , at 887 meters . 
  unfortunately , i 'd have to grow to be at least 530 centimeters tall to be able to breathe just by standing , in case my area floods . 
  given that i 've already stopped growing , that might be a problem . 
  i do n't know if it 's still a thing , but we had this done when i was that age , back in the early 90 's . 
  from what i remember , they mostly just looked at the shape of your knees ; and i have vague memories of the explanation going with it being something along the lines of if you 're genetically predisposed to grow tall , your knees would already show it at that age . 
  i do n't know how scientifically valid that really is ; but i do seem to recall their prediction for me was relatively spot on ( i 'm 192cm ) . 
   i 'm doubtful that eu terrorism laws will work in turkey . 
  i think also they are not efficient even in eu countries . 
  we do n't want your government to adopt eu terrorism laws . 
  we want your government to adjust their laws so that they ca n't be abused by your rapidly deteriorating government to squash all opposition and dissent , the way they are currently being used . 
  the laws you currently have most * certainly will not work * . 
   but security situation in se turkey and isis cells are the main problem here stop conflating two different things . 
  you do n't fight fire with fire . 
   it was just absurd that putting refugee deportations , some money , visa-free travel , anti-terrorism laws in the same deal . 
  why ? 
  it makes perfect sense for the eu to demand civil rights reforms in exchange for visa free travel . 
  what 's absurd is that turkish * citizens * like yourself are shooting themselves in the foot by supporting the people who are working * against * their own interests . 
  the eu 's demands are a positive thing for the turkish people . 
  in the long run , certainly . 
  brazil would 've been quite profitable if we would 've been able to pacify it , though . 
  your response to the eu 's demands is * part * of the problem ; there is absolutely no reason your government should be opposed to narrowing the terrorism definition , except for the fact that as it stands they can use it as a way to take away * your * rights , and the rights of those turkish people trying to protect them . 
  by supporting erdogan in this , you are directly contributing to the breakdown of your own civil rights . 
  and you 're doing it for no good reason whatsoever ; since your government could still deal with terrorism just as effectively under the changes the eu wants to secure . 
  not really that big of a dick move when considering the fact that it was done for the sake of national survival . 
  portugal was in a personal union under spain ; whom we were still at war with ; thus by assaulting their holdings we hoped to disrupt the financial ability of spain to wage war on us at home . 
   what could be the worse ? 
  having 3 million refugees * and * a dictatorship that 's eradicating the rights of a citizenship that thinks that those two things have to go hand in hand . 
  which is bigger depends on the metric you 're using . 
  going by total tonnage of cargo handled , rotterdam 's port is almost twice as big as that of hong kong , for instance . 
  just because you go on a vacation there and people do n't hate you ( and why would they ?
