  you 're basically saying that in order to protect what little public faith remains in politics ; the political establishment should screw over the uk 's future and make a decision that 's obviously the absolute worst decision they could make ... because that 's what the public wanted by a tiny margin . 
  a government like that is not worth the public 's faith ; even if the public gives it to them . 
  the whole reason representative democracy works is because it 's supposed to put the decision-making authority with people who actually know what the hell they 're doing , instead of an unqualified public that has neither the time nor the inclination to fully inform themselves of the issues . 
  by treating binary black-and-white advisory referendums as if their results are binding , both the public that expects them to be binding , and the politicians that behave as if they are , undermine representative democracy and jeopardize the stability and welfare of the state by doing so . 
  some things should just not be decided that way . 
  if the people on a bus demand that the driver takes a left turn ; and he does it despite knowing it will take them off a cliff , he may gain the faith of the people on the bus . 
  for a little while at least . 
  if the driver tells them to sit the fuck back down , because he 's taking a right instead , he is genuinely deserving of their faith , even if he loses it . 
  you 're not paying for european defense . 
  you 're paying for american global military interests ; which happen to coincide with european defense . 
  so long as the us wants to be the global power it is , the us has a vested interest in maintaining a military presence in europe . 
  it 's not like you do n't get any use out of those bases . 
  you could turn isolationist , sure ... but that would almost certainly result in a pretty significant long-term economic downturn for the us . 
  if the idea is to save money to spend elsewhere ; that would only make short-term sense . 
  you * would * think that the sudden collective realization that `` oh shit , we have no idea what we 're doing and this increasingly seems like a really bad idea '' should be followed up with the collective realization of `` oh right , it 's not a binding referendum , and we can actually just not do this '' instead of `` brexit is brexit '' . 
  but i guess that 'd be crazy . 
  what ? 
  what the hell does that have to do with anything ? 
  i see . 
  you 're a crazy person . 
   no , it is not justifiable this is the only important thing you said . 
  we did * not * cause russia to invade two neighbours . 
  if i wear a red shirt , and someone who hates red shirts shoots me , i did * not * cause him to shoot me . 
  and that would n't change even if i wore it * knowing * in advance that it would piss him off . 
  russia , and russia alone is responsible . 
  and no , the whole point of nato is not to protect against russian aggression . 
  it * was * once to protect against the soviet union . 
  but russia is not the soviet union . 
  russia is not the major threat it thinks it is . 
  it is not the problem around which everything revolves . 
  now it is simply * a * problem . 
  and 61 % voted no . 
  so that \u00b4 s 2,5 million people against the association agreement . 
  14,7 % of the population . 
  or 19 % of those eligible to vote . 
  how the fuck is that not a minority ? 
  why should a minority like that get to decide the fate of our foreign relations ? 
  nato has never actually promised to not expand ; nor should it have to . 
  countries are and ought to be free to join into whatever voluntary international agreements they desire . 
  russia 's concerns are entirely irrelevant to that fundamental sovereign right , and do not justify their behavior in any shape or form . 
  we do not let the paranoid schizophrenic at the end of the block decide whether or not we 'll be friends with our mutual neighbours . 
  just because he thinks its his business , does n't mean that it is . 
  russia 's bad behaviour is entirely on itself . 
  mate , you 're arguing with a well known pro-russian troll ( just take a look at his posting history ) . 
  do n't bother . 
  what people ? 
  the small minority of people that bothered to vote in an advisory referendum ? 
  given the concerns that were given for voting no have now been addressed ; there 's really no reason to not approve this deal now . 
  unless of course those people voting against were full of shit and did n't actually care about those concerns , but just wanted to kick the bucket ? 
  noo ... amsterdam wants that banking desu desu !, 
   nato also expanded without addressing any of the russian concerns , despite knowing full well russia would get aggravated so fucking what ? 
  russia seems to get aggravated at anything and everything . 
  if countries want to join nato , it 's their sovereign right to do so ; and it 's none of russia 's business . 
  if this frightens or concerns russia , perhaps russia should stop acting like its our enemy . 
  ah yes . 
  good old `` whataboutism '' . 
   remmember how nato destroyed libya not that `` what about nato '' is a valid distraction from the shit russia has pulled ; but remember how the whole libyan intervention was to enforce un security council resolution 1973 , which russia could have vetoed but did n't ? 
   maybe nato should welcome russia so they wouldnt feel threatened by it . 
  [ which nato actually did ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato%e2%80%93russia_relations#post-cold_war_cooperation ) . 
  had russia not decided to wage war on its neighbours , we would have continued to cooperate with them . 
  but russia decided it does n't want to have friends and be a civilized member of the international community . 
  so russia does not get to complain about nato not being nice to it anymore . 
   you also need to remember events change opinions quick . 
  not that quick . 
  97 % is not really ever a credible result in any kind of vote ; even one that was n't hastily organized at gun point . 
  of course , there was literally a turnout of more than 120 % in sevastopol ; so it 's not like it 'd be a credible response regardless . 
   as a an anecdotal cherry on top , i have family from there and been there . 
  they 're much happier this way . 
  whatever it may be worth to you . 
  let me be as clear as i possibly can on this : * i do not believe you * . 
  crimea 's economy has collapsed . 
  many people can barely afford food . 
  yet i 'm supposed to believe they 're happier this way . 
  people tell themselves all sorts of things to make it through a shitshow ; and nationalism always plays well to the crowd when things are bad . 
  if i were in their shoes , i 'd probably be telling myself i was happier this way too . 
  but i 'd be fucking lying to myself . 
  that 's 5 billion dollars over a period of 20 years ; to promote democratic institutions . 
  there 's no conspiracy there as much as you may want there to be one . 
  5 billion dollars over 20 years is nothing . 
  and why would nato feel inclined to do that if russia was not in the business of carving up neighbours for aspiring to join nato ? 
  you did n't think it through , did you ? 
   a ukrainian poll showing a pro-ukrainiam bias , how absolutely shocking . 
  oh come on . 
  use your brain . 
  their last poll prior to the annexation showed 41 % in favor of joining russia . 
  if the poll was somehow rigged in ukraine 's favor , do n't you think they would 've gone with something a little more in ukraine 's favor than a near even split ? 
  you know , like the near 100 % result russia rigged for their little sham-referendum ? 
  the polling organization i linked to had a long history of using proper polling methodology . 
  there is absolutely no indication that they were tampering with the re \\ sults . 
   that being said , crimeans have always been a pro-russian voting bloc . 
  many felt betrayed by not being part of russia following it 's disintegration . 
  and according to western , independent polling this has been the case . 
  do you have any polls proving otherwise ? 
  this is [ not supported by pre-annexation polls ] ( http://www.kiis.com.ua/?lang=eng&amp;cat=news&amp;id=237&amp;page=1/ ) ; which all show only minority support for being part of russia over the years . 
  in contrast it is difficult to take post-annexation polls too seriously , even when conducted independently , because of the simply staggering amount of propaganda and disinformation that the populace there has been blasted with . 
  okay . 
  so what though ? 
  it still would n't have meant russia 'd lose access to its bases . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that ukraine aspiring to join nato is n't a legitimate reason to invade and carve it up beforehand . 
   russia mostly did it to secure their military installations in sevastopol and to keep ukraine out of nato and the eu .
