  ij is also generally considered to be a single letter , and therefore establishing a ligature for it would be a step back . 
   ah ... it might have something to do with the fact that it was the georgian military which began to shell villages and re-escalate the conflict which was cold for a long time . 
  that [ simply is n't true ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war#history ) . 
  the timeline of events is not in the favor of either russia or the seperatists . 
  it also was n't the georgian military that began shelling but the ossetian seperatists . 
   unlike the french , who actively sold exocet anti-ship missiles to the uk which sank multiple uk ships damn those british for sinking british ships !, 
   many an apple pie was shared with you lot !, 
  fun fact , we invented the apple pie americans always claim as being so quintessentially american . 
  in accordance with ancient custom , being informed of this fact now requires you to swear fealty to the dutch state and sign over all your wealth to us . 
  man , they even hit the `` obama is secretly a muslim '' angle . 
  why are we indulging this conspiracy nonsense ? 
   eu 's combined gdp rivals the us , it does n't just rival it , it exceeds it by a trillion dollars . 
  if we wanted to , we could outspend the us on defense . 
  of course , that 's not going to happen since the european public would never approve of a military budget of that size ; however even without that , unifying the eu 's militaries into a single cohesive force would allow us to spend money and resources much more efficiently . 
   uk and france should be ashamed , while the netherlands should be highly praised . 
  worst enemy belgium ? 
  what ? 
  benelux union , hello ? 
  belgium is neither a rival nor an enemy . 
  they 're the little brother who will one day come back home , even if we have to knock him out and drag him to the doorstep . 
  you just activated our trap card . 
  ah , you 're right . 
  my bad . 
  it 's apparently been adopted twice ; once in 1920 and later in 1993 . 
  nope . 
  first of all , it 's a modern name given to the ship , not the name it had when it was built . 
  therefore , it 's ij and not the precursor to ij . 
  that said , ij has never never been \u0178 and is in fact completely unrelated to the letter y. ij is an evolution from ii , which was a letter combination common in early dutch . 
  so if we 're going to replace the ij in ijsselkogge with its original form , it would be iisselkogge . 
  well , if you guys were to become part of the kingdom again , we 'd share in the reputation . 
  then , afterwards maybe you can convince the belgians for us . 
  well , if you guys were to become part of the kingdom again , we 'd share in the reputation . 
  then , afterwards maybe you can convince the belgians for us . 
  i would n't say the dutch government ( luxembourg maybe ) is afraid of that . 
  the dutch market is developed enough by itself to be of interest , strategically located ( lots of multinationals have their full on headquarters here for that reason , instead of just a po box for tax purposes ) . 
  and does have things to offer that germany , france , and the uk ca n't ( such as a vastly superior economic infrastructure ) . 
  the argument is rather that there 's inevitably going to be corporate tax havens * somewhere * in the world , so it might as well be us . 
  multinational companies will use every trick and loophole they can in order to maximize the amount of profit they get to keep ; if they ca n't do it here than they 'll do it somewhere else and we lose out on the taxes . 
  those taxes do n't really amount to a whole lot of money for us , but it 's definitely more than zero would be . 
  that , at least , is the argument the government operates on . 
  whether they 're right to do it based on that argument is a different question . 
  no wonder their country is poor ; people there still think you can make money selling cd 's . 
  who the hell still buys cd 's ? 
  the name makes perfect sense . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're confused about . 
  the dutch language differentiates between sea and land turtles . 
  schildpad ( shield toad ) is what we call regular turtles . 
  zeeschildpad refers to those turtles that procreate and hunt in the sea . 
  if you wanted to complain about a dutch word , you could pick something like `` kindercarnavalsoptochtvoorbereidingswerkzaamhedencomit\u00e9leden '' , which translates to : `` children 's carnaval parade preparation-activities committee members . '', 
  correct . 
  7 % of all f16 's ever produced were produced by fokker . 
  the single largest non-american share . 
  other countries are : belgium ( 5 % ) , turkey ( 6 % ) , and south-korea ( 3 % ) . 
  i do n't want to hear that from a latvian . 
  any language that decides to refer to a turtle as a brunurupucis should be denied the use of vowels . 
  do n't even get me started on pretpulkste\u0146r\u0101d\u012bt\u0101jvirziens, 
  the dutch airforce roundel predates the czech flag by 72 years , though . 
  it 's more accurate to say the czech flag looks dutch . 
  not really . 
  it 's a version of the dutch heraldic lion . 
  if you 're referring to the red-blue-white circle with an orange inner circle instead , that 's the current dutch airforce roundel , first used in the 1920 's ; it 's got the colors of the flag on it , as well as that of the royal family ; it does n't seem particularly odd compared to [ others ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_aircraft_insignia ) ; although i guess it does look kind of like a pokeball . 
   named ** `` ijsselkogge '' ** after the river delta it was found in * eyetwitch * it 's ijsselkogge !, 
   writer is an idiot . 
  it 's not all of europe , and it 's not all of america . 
  things vary depending on where you are , and what kind of market you 're buying from . 
  ... which the article actually points out ? 
  cracking his knuckles with a satisfied grin , the pro-russian troll leaned back in his chair . 
  he sure showed that annoying twat on reddit a thing or two . 
  not only had he called him a crazy nut , which would probably be considered at least twice as insulting as simply calling him either a nut , or a crazy person . 
  but he 'd also insulted his writing with the sort of sting the pro-russian troll imagined would embolden the crippling self-doubt that self-proclaimed wordsmiths claimed held them in thrall . 
  perhaps , he thought , the redditor would try and retort in some fashion . 
  maybe mention something about rubber or glue , or make insinuations about his mother . 
  it did n't matter . 
  nothing could stand between him and his ... ... the redditor flailed his arms around the small room that had been built up around his desktop . 
  `` fuck you , '' he said in growing frustration . 
  `` fuck you , fly !, 
  how 'd you even get in here !? '', 
  the fly regarded the redditor with the casual contempt that all flies everywhere show the lumbering creatures known as man . 
  it was a fly , it did not deign to speak to the genocidal monsters that had invented the flyswatter . 
   exactly , so were these . 
  as explained , they were not . 
  the military and industrial value of the targets was considered secondary to the psychological effect . 
  in preceding , less indiscriminate bombing campaigns , potential nuclear targets were deliberately avoided . 
  the military installations could 've been destroyed earlier and with less civilian loss of life . 
  your country chose not to in favor of demonstrating the power of nukes . 
   was commonplace in the total war of wwii . 
  this despite the fact that many military experts at the time ( and certainly afterwards ) , questioned the military value of targeting civilian centers . 
  regardless , `` it was commonplace '' , like most of your other attempts , does not present itself as an argument as to why it would n't be a warcrime . 
  if the targeting of civilian population centers with the intent of killing large numbers of civilians in a modern war would be considered a warcrime ( which it would be ) , then the same acts in ww2 are to be considered warcrimes as well . 
   no they destroyed naval ports , industrial centers and military targets as a means of ending the war . 
  this is the fact . 
  it really is n't . 
  mcarthur had , in spring of ' 45 , months before the bombs were dropped , sent word to washington that the japanese were ready to surrender ; so long as they were allowed to keep their emperor . 
  this is further evidenced by the fact that some time later , still before the bombs were dropped , the japanese themselves communicated this to the soviets who relayed it back to the american government . 
  the american government could 've had a japanese surrender weeks before the bombs were dropped . 
  * that * , is fact . 
  it 's a matter of historical record that for obvious reasons is largely ignored in the us . 
  the supreme irony of course , is that the us accepted the exact same peace conditions the japanese themselves proposed , once they had demonstrated their nuclear ability to the rest of the world . 
  the * fact * is that there was absolutely no reason for the nuclear bombing of japan in order to secure its surrender and end the war . 
   they did , you might want to read up on operation downfall and the battle of okinawa .
