  also , keep in mind that only 53 t64 's have been documented in rebel hands . 
  compare that to 900 ukrainian reserves ( that could 've been pilfered ) , or 2000 russian reserves ( from which they might have been supplied ) , and the t64 clearly does n't support the argument that one can just press the majority of tank reserves into active service . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is ? 
  that page does n't take into consideration the difference between active service and reserves . 
  it just lists everything that exists on paper , regardless of whether its driving around or sitting on cinderblocks in some siberian warehouse . 
  russia does n't have anywhere near that many active units ( except maybe soldiers ) of anything on that list . 
  listing 15000 tanks may sound impressive , but loses the oomph factor when one realizes only 2500 of them can actually be used right now . 
  well on the one hand we have someone who seems to think russia can just roll out 10,000 tanks that have been rusting and cannibalized for 25 years because someone once took a ww2 museum piece out for a spin . 
  on the other hand , we have someone who tries to come up with a reasonable estimate for how many tanks they could actually put into service taking into consideration universal maintenance requirements and policies . 
  those are actually quite optimistic estimates . 
  we 're talking about mostly t72 's here ( and not even the most recent model upgrades ) ; many of which have been in storage since the fall of the soviet union . 
  at the same time , they 've kept thousands in active service . 
  do you have any idea how much wear and tear a tank has to endure whilst in active service ? 
  stuff will constantly break down even on an entirely new tank . 
  maintaining these things is n't cheap . 
  they 've been cannibalizing their reserves for the last 25 years . 
  and why should n't they ? 
  as i said , the majority of their stock consists of older models that are n't up to modern standards . 
  it would be prohibitively expensive to upgrade all of them ( which is why they 've managed to upgrade only a few hundred ) ; making them useful only for parts . 
  nobody operating on any kind of budget is going to leave ten thousand obsolete tanks in perfect working order just sitting around in a warehouse . 
  not when they can strip them for parts to drive the maintenance budget of the active service down . 
  even mothballed tanks cost money . 
  any given active duty tank is likely to have or have had parts cannibalized from a dozen or more different reserve tanks . 
  it 's not a 1:1 ratio between active tank and reserve tanks used for maintenance purposes . 
   tanks ( especially soviet-era ones ) are notoriously easy to keep mothballed and stored . 
  there 's a huge difference between turning a fully operational tank into a monument and then not touching it for years , and regular reserve storage . 
  tanks in active service wear down . 
  the older they are ( and most of russia 's tanks are old ) , the more they 'll break down . 
  parts need to be replaced constantly . 
  these parts are commonly cannibalized from reserve tanks because this is cheaper and more efficient than maintaining production lines . 
  in other words , in order to put those reserves into active service , they would need to invest a lot of money and effort into actually making them ready for battle . 
  it 'd be impressive if they could manage to scrape together enough parts from the various tanks in the reserves in order to restore 30 % of them to active status . 
  they certainly wo n't manage 50 % or more . 
   and more armoured vehicles than the rest of europe combined only when counting reserves . 
  you have to consider the fact that russia 's reserves are not serviceable . 
  they consist primarily of outdated equipment that 's used for spare parts and which is n't likely to ever be made battleready . 
  even if they * could * bring as much as half of their reserves into active service , they do n't have enough experienced/trained crews to make use of them . 
  so utterly useless . 
  when looking at active equipment , the eu vastly outnumbers russia : 7,695 main battle tanks vs 2,562 for russia , 18,819 armored fighting vehicles vs 6105 for russia , 9,817 mobile artillery units vs 5739 for russia . 
  and most of the eu 's arsenal is much more modern . 
  apart from their nukes , they are a paper tiger . 
  54 % of the land is used for agrarian purposes ( farms , meadows for cattle , greenhouses etc ) . 
  compared to only 2 % of the employed population being in the agrarian sector . 
  we 're the 2nd largest exporter of agrarian products in the world ( after the us ) in terms of dollar value . 
  this is mostly due to high value flowers and crops though ; total production wise we probably punch above our weight , but are obviously not going to be able to compete with much bigger countries . 
   neither the g8 nor the g20 use absolute gdp ranking as the defining criteria . 
  which is why we 're not in the gd20 : / we 'll just have to start our own club . 
   that 's understating the decline of the dutch republic . 
  stating that it was a relative decline is n't understating things , it 's stating a fact . 
  it was less a true decline and more comparable to what we 're seeing in the world today . 
  the west is experiencing a relative decline as asia 's share of world gdp keeps growing , but that does n't mean that we 're in an actual decline . 
   however , britain 's economy performed better during this period . 
  britain became the dominant maritime power by 1712 and dominated world trade by 1720 . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're basing the claim of britain dominating world trade by 1720 on . 
  without having the kind of overwhelming lead the republic had during the 17th century , it 's really difficult to determine if one or the other ` dominates ' , given the difficulties in assessing share of trade . 
  we * can * look at various parts of the world and trade as long as we have reliable statistics , perhaps . 
  for instance , we can look at the number of ships passing in and out of the baltic , which was a highly valuable trade at the time . 
  in the period of 1711-1720 , dutch ships accounted for 50.1 % of the ships ; british ships accounted for 25.9 % . 
  after that , both countries have a reduction in their share , with the dutch maintaining a comfortable lead until 1771-1780 , when they account for 27.6 % versus britain 's 26.3 % . 
  the next decade , the british finally manage to overtake the dutch share , but only because that share completely collapses to a mere 2 % ( likely a result of the civil war taking place in the republic ) . 
  the only thing i 've found backing up the idea of britain dominating world trade by 1720 is that total british shipping tonnage in the north sea came to equal that of the republic during the first half of the 18th century , with a vague claim that this * may * have happened by 1720 already . 
  equalling the amount of tonnage of another country clearly does not count as dominating world trade , especially given cargo value is n't included . 
  from the looks of it , they came to * equal * dutch trade between 1720-1740 , and only afterwards came to dominate world trade . 
   britain 's per capita income underwent a rapid increase from 1740 , due to the industrial revolution . 
  no doubt . 
  britain had a huge advantage in this regard . 
  the dutch republic had experienced its own industrial revolution during the 17th century , which had a big role to play in its rise as a great power . 
  however , this industrialization was based on wind and peat , not coal . 
  when steam technologies were introduced , there were a number of reasons they did n't get adopted in the dutch republic : the first was the lack of domestic sources of coal . 
  secondly , the large public debt minimized large investments , finally the previous dutch industrial revolution had created an infrastructure of windpower and canals that made the early primitive steam engines seem like but a marginal improvement that was n't worth investing in given everything else . 
  a fatal mistake . 
   that 's some nice revisionism you 've got there . 
  there was no invasion . 
  i suspect you ( like many english people are n't , for obvious reasons ) are not particularly familiar with the background of the glorious revolution . 
  i do n't blame you , for a long time the invasion aspects have been downplayed both for reasons of national pride and propaganda . 
  even today it probably is n't taught as an invasion in english schools , even though historians have known it to be for quite a long time . 
  it is well established and accepted by modern historians that the glorious revolution can be described as either or both a revolution * and * an invasion . 
  it is in fact the notion that it was purely a revolution that is the historical revisionists tale , pushed by william 's own propagandists who sought the support of the people and nobility . 
  this too is well established . 
  it is true he was ` invited ' by local nobles , but it is * also * true that william * arranged * to be invited in the first place . 
  he did so because he wanted to take part in the grand alliance against france , and wanted an iron-clad alliance ( of the sort only a personal union gives ) with england . 
  there 's a great deal of evidence , including personal letters , that show that william had been manipulating english nobles well before the invitation took place . 
  also consider the fact that when william took up the ` invitation ' , the fleet he arrived with was more than three times the size of the spanish armada , and came with a rather large army against the expressed wishes of the people who ` invited ' him ( and that actually fought battles in scotland and in ireland to secure his rule ) . 
  there is no question that it was an invasion . 
  one does n't land in a country accompanied by one of the biggest shows of military force in the century ( and which left dangerous gaps in the republic 's defense at home ) if one 's not invading . 
   a minor dutch king , because he was protestant and related to the house of stewart , was invited to become king of england . 
  he was no king at that time . 
  he was a prince and stadtholder . 
  as for ` minor ' , he was already regarded as one of the most powerful men in europe before the glorious revolution , and the biggest champion of protestantism . 
  he was by no means a minor figure in european politics . 
   moreover , this king could do little to actually influence england itself ; he has some nominal control , but real power already rested with parliament . 
  not entirely incorrect , but overly simplistic . 
  william had a substantial degree of practical power at first . 
  for instance , parliament at first refused him as anything other than regent . 
  william forced them to make him king by threatening to withdraw his army , which was keeping order at the time . 
  however , william 's tenuous connection with england eventually allowed parliament to increase its own power at the expense of the monarchy . 
  this was n't actually a big problem for william 's original goal : which was simply to secure an alliance with england against france . 
  although it had the side-effect of allowing reforms that would make england more competitive with the republic over the century to come . 
   france had also been england 's enemy for hundreds of years , regardless of the dutch . 
  they were not enemies at the time though .
