   but it was an invasion with a very sympathetic population this is questionable at best , and the idea that the populace was sympathetic/enthusiastic about william is primarily a matter of propaganda . 
  the average person did n't really care who sat on the throne . 
  james received just as much of an applause when he entered into london as william did . 
  to the average person , it was all the same . 
  as for the nobles , they did n't give william any real support until the outcome was already clear . 
  nobody even lifted a finger for william until three weeks had already passed . 
   bunch of officers defected to william some did . 
  but this is more a matter of pragmatism than evidence of some sort of public outpouring of sympathy for william . 
  william had spies and agents everywhere , and had been preparing for quite some time . 
  long before any ` invitation ' was sent out . 
  at the same time , james ' health was obviously poor , and though in theory he outnumbered the dutch forces 2 to 1 , this was theory only . 
  his forces were so dispersed that he could never hope to match william 's forces even 1 to 1 on the field . 
  and the dutch army was obviously better organized and equipped , consisting of veteran troops compared to mostly unexperienced forces on the side of james . 
  faced with that , it was inevitable many would defect or desert . 
  the notion of a ` sympathetic ' england is even further discredited by the fact william forced all english troops out of london and placed it under a dutch military occupation for nearly 2 years . 
  a fact i doubt is common knowledge among people from england , as it kind of discredits their whole narrative . 
  many in england were ` sympathetic ' only in so much as it was a protestant up against a catholic , and because it was most likely the first time in history an invading force brought a separate army of propagandists along for the ride ( the dutch armada even brought over its own arsenal of printing presses ) ; that , along with the fact england had been teethering on the brink of civil war ; allowed william to turn the populace sympathetic to his cause . 
  he brought order and made it so that nobody had to fight his brother or cousin . 
  and `` look !, 
  all of these pamphlets are saying we * invited * him over !, 
  this was all totally our idea all along you guys !, 
   well , i am sure the separation was not so strong . 
  to varying exents it did get state support , but it was an entirely private company ; with enough wealth , autonomy and legal rights to essentially function as its own ; quite powerful ; country . 
   yeah , i had memories about that . 
  ai n't the dutch the first to open trade in japan , no , that was the portugese . 
  however , the portugese were spreading catholicism in japan which led to all kinds of problems . 
  when the dutch arrived , the portugese tried to have the japanese expel them to no avail . 
  and when japanese christians started engaging in rebellions , the japanese expelled all western foreigners except the dutch ; because not only did we not care about spreading christianity , we 'd also given them military support in their campaign to surpress the rebels . 
  this period is known as sakoku , which lasted about 250 years during which all european-japanese trade and contact happened exclusively through the dutch . 
  everyone had those military limitations back then . 
  european power had n't progressed far enough yet to allow for the conquest of vast swaths of asia . 
  the new world was quicker to reach , and had the benefit of a fairly primitive population that had been largely eradicated thanks to plague . 
  that made it easy to extend defacto control over large areas . 
  asia on the other hand , took a lot longer to reach and was densely populated by well-developed cultures and states that were n't technologically too far removed from those of europe . 
  so the european powers had to start small , make local alliances , and build up their power slowly . 
  of course , you also have to consider that throughout most of the dutch colonial period , the colonies were established and maintained by companies , and not the government . 
  the voc may have had a navy and army that dwarfed those of most european countries at the time , but it was motivated by profit instead of glory or conquest ; and unless there was profit in a war to conquer territory , it was better to just build a tradepost instead . 
  also this appears to be leaving out a huge number of colonies and tradeposts . 
  considerable parts of india was under dutch rule at one point or another , for instance , but this appears to only show ceylon . 
  it does seem , upon zooming in , that it shows the tradeposts there ; but there was effective control extending well beyond those . 
  we were `` invited '' because william * arranged * for us to be invited because he needed ` legitimacy ' for his invasion . 
  and yes , it was most definitely an invasion , as becomes self-evident when one looks at the events from an objective historical perspective . 
  it is william 's propaganda efforts and national pride that has recast it as a revolution , when it was in fact a full-blown invasion . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the east indies ( indonesia ) were one of the * most * desirable colonial locations of all . 
  the resources ( spices especially ) and trade there made the voc the richest company in history ( even when you include modern companies ) ; and as a result it easily dwarfed the rest of european efforts in asia * combined * . 
  even the british east india company managed barely a fifth of the trade that the voc did . 
  the indonesian archipeligo was n't a random choice . 
   army consisting of troops from different countries under eu leadership ? 
  the latter sounds very unrealistic to me i do n't see why that would be unrealistic . 
  that 's basically what we already have in the form of the battlegroups , just on a smaller scale . 
  and we also have more and more examples of countries integrating entire military units into the militaries of other countries and ceding operational control . 
  it really is n't all that unrealistic . 
   that 's the reason we do n't speak a german dialect . 
  not to disagree with your overall point because you 're right of course , but the reason we do n't speak a german dialect is because dutch did n't evolve from german but from low franconian . 
  ironically , it 's actually german that developed because of outside influences . 
  the franks in france adopted the gaulish language with frankish influence , while the franks in germany merged frankish and alemannic and that then resulted in the development of german . 
  it 's the dutch language that stayed closest to the original frankish . 
  there may have been some small settlements in continental north america ( the discovery of the one in newfoundland is what set off the whole ` vikings discovered america ' thing ) , but they would 've been unsuccesful and likely did not last very long . 
  there were certainly some expeditions farther south along the coast though . 
   as for antwerpen not being able to expand : their harbourmasters are quite optimistic about it . 
  their harbormasters might want to consult a map . 
  there 's only limited room to expand . 
  the only real option is doel . 
  once they 've converted that into a port-expansion , they 're done . 
  there is no further room to expand . 
  rotterdam on the other hand , has essentially infinite room to expand . 
   meanwhile antwerpen is growing rapidly and catching up to rotterdam at a time rotterdam is slowly shrinking . 
  this just is n't even remotely true . 
  it 's true that rotterdam 's container growth for 2016 stalled while antwerp grew , but this is an anomaly and not a trend . 
  there 's a number of reasons why 2016 was an anomaly , including strikes in the port of rotterdam and global trade slowdowns . 
  yet in the same year , rotterdam posted record growths in transshipments . 
  experiencing a slowdown in * one * section of port activity does not mean rotterdam is shrinking . 
  but even if antwerp were to miraculously maintain constant container growth , while rotterdam stalled or even shrunk , it would take decades for antwerp to catch up , as rotterdam is just a lot bigger to begin with and already has far more capacity than antwerp could ever have , with room to expand . 
   if they managed to make the betuwelijn work then that 's great news . 
  i dont really follow it though . 
  which railway was closed then , if it was not betuwelijn ? 
  he was obviously referring to the ` ijzeren rijn ' ; the netherlands guaranteed the right to a belgian project connecting belgium and prussia via dutch territory back in 1839 which was later further solidified by treaty in 1873 . 
  it ended up being a railway which was finished in 1879 . 
  parts of it were closed down during the 90 's . 
  belgium wants to reactivate it to increase the flow of goods from antwerp to the ruhr area , and they specifically called upon the 1873 treaty when doing so . 
  unfortunately for them , the treaty only gave them the right to operate the railway for 99 years . 
  additionally , they sold the railway to the dutch government . 
  nonetheless , there is a memorandum between the countries to reopen the railway ; but there is a lot of opposition because part of it runs through a nature area . 
   if you 're worried about manufacturing , that ship has long sailed . 
  most prominently to china . 
  many european countries have below 15 % gdp from the manufacturing sector . 
  even germany is only about 25 % . 
  europe is actually still a manufacturing powerhouse . 
  yes , manufacturing as share of gdp is much higher for china ; but it 's not like china has ( or could have ) a global monopoly . 
  the eu however , is still the 2nd largest manufacturer in the world . 
  what do you have against elevators ? 
  they 're super helpful !, 
  elevators never cease to uplift me . 
   if ukraine has showed anything is that the eu will not fight for states near the russian borders by fear of escalation . 
  ukraine is neither a member of the eu nor nato . 
  so it shows nothing of the sort . 
  the hypocrisy of someone with a russian flag saying that is utterly ridiculous . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with any of that ; just the comment about the westerschelde being `` bigger '' than what rotterdam has . 
  `` extra size '' can mean different things .
