  we have geert wilders . 
  who actually got sued for violating hate speech laws , and was acquitted . 
  who knows why , since he 's constantly insulting vast groups of people with no sense of remorse whatsoever . 
  all of his inane public utterings are still publically available too , unfortunately . 
  i think you may be seriously underestimating how * difficult * it is to actually be charged , first of all , and then succesfully tried under hatespeech laws in european countries . 
   you have people that disagree with you but there is no right or wrong way to quantify an `` opinion '' . 
  of course there is . 
  if your opinion is that 2 +2 equals 5 , you 're just wrong . 
  americans attach too much value to the sanctity of opinions . 
  opinions are wrong all the time . 
  people are of the opinion there 's no climate change , or that evolution does n't happen . 
  these people are wrong , plain and simple . 
  but too often , when responding to such opinions with facts , an american might respond with something along the lines of : `` well , that 's just your opinion . '', 
  it 's not though . 
  there * are * objective facts in the world despite people 's inclination to hold opinions that run contrary to those facts . 
  now , people absolutely have a right to hold whatever opinion they want . 
  they do not , however , have a right to their own reality . 
  if you are of the opinion that gay people are mentally ill and should die ... you 're entitled to hold that opinion . 
  you 'd be wrong , but you have that right . 
  you 're even free to express it , since we really do n't care if it 's just some comment on reddit , or some rambling in a bar . 
  that 's generally not covered under ` incitement to hatred ' . 
  but when you publically express that opinion in a way intended to get the rest of us to hold that same opinion about gay people however , you 're trying to impose a reality on society that is to the detriment of a large segment of said society in a way that violates both the dutch and american constitutions . 
  gay people have a right to not live in fear , do they not ? 
  why then would you allow people to try and change society so that they have to live in fear ? 
  it is irrational . 
  the officials elected by the people . 
  what about slander , or libel ? 
  those are forms of speech that are banned in pretty much any country . 
  what if i come up with a very convincing story that you raped a girl , and had it printed in all the papers with your photo next to it ? 
  it 's just free speech . 
  why should that not be allowed ? 
  how is this different from the kind of speech that falls under hatespeech laws ? 
  ( keeping in mind that such laws tend to be more complex than ` durr , ca n't say * anything * these days anymore ! ' ), 
  it 's not that people have a right to not be hated or not hear people talk about them in that way . 
  it 's that people * do n't * have a right to * incite * public hatred of others on basis of the fact that they belong to a specific group ( ie ; race , gender , religion , etc ) . 
  and that people have a right to be protected * from * discrimination ( which is the sort of thing that incitement to hatred leads to ) this tends to be a natural outflow of the constitution of many western countries . 
  for instance , in my own country , the very first article of the dutch constitution states that `` everyone who is in the netherlands , will be treated equally in all matters . 
  discrimination based on religion , lifeviews , political affiliation , race , gender , or any other grounds , is not permitted . '', 
  our hatespeech law is simply an extension of the first article of the constitution . 
  the law . 
   it 's unreasonable , because non-dutch speakers in brussels absolutely do n't want to be part of a state which hates all non-dutch languages and will try to suppress them . 
  good , then they can join the netherlands since we 'd surely move to recognize french as an official language . 
  problem solved !, 
  more rightful dutch clay for us . 
  no matter what perfectly valid and logical reasoning one would supply , you 'd dismiss it as being without evidence since there 's no way in hell russia is going to let anyone take a look at its reserves . 
  of course we 're left with speculating based on common sense and other examples . 
  i guess that means we 're dealing with schrodinger 's tank army ; so long as nobody 's allowed to look at it , the russians * could * have some secret strategy or technology that enables them to keep all those reserves serviceable without bankrupting themselves where the richest country in the world ca n't manage the same . 
  smart money 's more toward the opposite end of the spectrum , though . 
  but hey , why assess potential threats with reason and calm when we can flip the fuck out and run around like headless chickens because ohmygawd 12k tanks !, 
   do you have any evidence of that ? 
  spent money does not equal effectiveness . 
  but then , it 's basic common sense . 
  i honestly do n't know why we 're even discussing it . 
  does russia have some magic self-repairing nanites in its tanks ? 
  then they have the same problems everyone else does . 
  at a minimum . 
   it 's not the same tank . 
  a t-84 is a ukrainian t-80 . 
  bulat is a t-64 . 
  yes . 
  i do believe i * explicitly * said it was n't turned into a t84 , but that it 's been * modernized * to t84 standards . 
  it 's like how if we take a crap 1950 's car , and put in modern hardware and made it so that it 's in line with regulations , we 'd say that we upgraded it to 21st century standards . 
  what 's your point ? 
   lol . 
  contrary to popular opinion , wikipedia is a great source ; or rather collection of sources . 
  the wikipedia article has extensive information , and provides numerous sources for its information . 
  there is no reason to dismiss information just because it came from wikipedia ; wikipedia is often a far better means of getting accurate information than anywhere else . 
  but of course , realizing that * does * require a bit of skeptical thinking both in dismissing the common meme of wikipedia being a crap source of information ( which it isnt ) and in being able/willing to investigate the listed sources in a given wikipedia article . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we 're still waiting for our bikes . 
  the numbers can be found [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_ground_forces#equipment ) , with sources . 
   true . 
  however , not all equipment is equally suitable for storage , nor do all countries use the same standards in conservation . 
  given russia 's past and present budge woes , its standards are certainly not going to exceed western standards . 
  so i 'm not sure what the point of this argument is ? 
   that 's not the same tank . 
  there is no magical modernization that turns a t-64 into a t-84 . 
  it 's the same tank . 
  modernizing to t84 standards does not imply turning it into a t84 , just that the upgrade is supposed to allow it to give more or less the same capabilities . 
  specifically , it is the : t-64u bm bulat , or ob ` yekt 447am-1 -- ukrainian modernisation , bringing the t-64b to the standard of the t-84 . 
  fitted with `` nozh '' reactive armour , 9k120 `` refleks '' missile ( nato code `` at-11 sniper '' ) , 1a45 `` irtysh '' fire control , tkn-4s commander 's sight , pzu-7 antiaircraft machine-gun sight , tpn-4e `` buran-e '' night vision , 6tdf 1,000-hp ( 735 kw ) engine . 
   where are you getting that number from ? 
  wikipedia 's article on the t64 lists 52 ( i made a mistake in writing 53 ) as having been documented as being captured in donbass ( the source is in ukrainian though ) . 
  it seems i mistakenly assumed that was in rebel hands only but it actually states ` by the warring parties ' . 
  still , it 's very unlikely the actual numbers will approach anything near the percentages i used of either ukrainian or russian reserves . 
   how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  because it 's true for * every * military that keeps reserves , even those with much more favorable ratios of budget versus number of units to maintain . 
  every country with reserves uses those reserves for parts . 
  only a fraction reserves are ever capable of being immediately deployed . 
   the rebel forces in ukraine operate quite a number of t-64s , a tank that is not in service with any unit of the russian armed forces for quite some time . 
  they were n't even supposed to be held in reserve , yet there they are on the battlefield . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting your information from . 
  ukraine actually had/has around 600 of them in * active service * , and another 900 + in reserve . 
  a 100 of them have even been modernized to t84 standards . 
  the ukrainian army actively deployed the t64 against the rebels . 
  these were obviously not taken from storage . 
  the rebels could 've captured them . 
  of course , there * is * evidence that russia supplied at least some of them , and i suspect you 're trying to suggest that this is somehow impossible . 
  it 's true that they are slated for destruction , but russia does in fact * still * have as many as 2000 t64 's in storage . 
  or did at the end of 2014 , at least .
