  also , our population is not stagnating . 
  we have a population growth well above the european average . 
  lelystad is a typical ` new town ' development . 
  unlike almere , lelystad has never really developed into anything more than just a place to live . 
  it 's also never really taken advantage of its geography ; almost completely ignoring the potential of its location , nature areas , or water . 
  it suffers from the problems most new towns face , and is n't big enough to overcome these . 
  plus it is n't close enough to anywhere really interesting to compensate . 
  lelystad is objectively shit . 
  almere is far from awesome ; but it actually has a lot going for it . 
  calling either bulgaria or croatia a colony in those circumstances is wrong . 
  a colony is a territory that is under the political control of a given state ( gained either through conquest or settlement ) , but which is distinctly seperate from said state . 
  this was not true for either bulgaria or croatia , being adjacent to the states that conquered them . 
  when we 're talking about colonies in the age of exploration especially , you 'd really need a lot more distance between the home state and the territory in question in order for it to be called a colony . 
  `` this will never happen ! '', 
   follows up with two reasons for why it could easily happen without anyone opposing . 
   however , new immigrants simply had to integrate back then , or else they simply would n't make it . 
  there was no social security , no food stamps , no aid organizations . 
  this is actually completely wrong . 
  the 17th century netherlands ( assuming you 're a fellow dutchie ) had the most developed social security system in the world of the time . 
  it was n't just the church providing charity and aid , countless private institutions , guilds , public boards , and local governments were involved in keeping both the urban and rural poor clothed and fed . 
  it was perhaps not as relatively generous as today 's system ; nor was it a centralized system ; but your characterization of poverty and our country 's approach to it in previous centuries is completely wrong . 
  if you were going to be poor in the 17th century ... you would definitely want to be poor in the dutch republic . 
   do n't lie . 
  with all the reserves finland has close to 1 million trained troops . 
  i 'm pretty sure . 
  reserves are rather different from active duty troops . 
  most of those reserves would take a long time to mobilize . 
  it 's really not . 
  a unified eu army would have troop and equipment numbers that would dwarf those of any single country in the continent . 
  in the event of a conflict that requires the active defense of finland ( which let 's be honest , can only involve one specific country ) , it would be obligated not only by laws but by basic military strategy to put serious muscle behind the defense of finland . 
   but hey let 's play your game : how many finnish speaking troops that can survive without supplies in sub -40 c weather netherlands would send to finland ? 
  who cares ? 
  if finland has to rely on troops that can survive without supplies in sub -40 c weather , then finland is doomed , since a ) a modern war would not mirror past wars to the extent that that ability would win the conflict , and b ) not even finnish troops could do that without proper equipment . 
  that said , many of our forces engage in arctic training and have proper arctic equipment . 
  as for what we would send , it 'd depend on the nature of the conflict and whether a full scale european mobilisation precedes it . 
  if the latter is not the case , we ( being just the netherlands ) could on relatively short order send attack subs , destroyers , land special forces , land a marine combat group , send a squadron of helicopter gunships , and a squadron of fighters . 
  this could be followed up by supplying infantry brigades and artillery in the days after . 
  these forces would assist in the defense of your populated areas , providing force multiplier effects and allowing finnish forces greater freedom to deploy their own forces . 
  they do n't have to be deployed to your northern border for them to be an asset to you . 
  whether they speak finnish is n't very relevant . 
  in a unified eu military language barriers would be accounted for , much as they are in nato . 
  finland itself does n't even have hundreds of thousands of troops . 
  and the border guard is only 12,600 strong . 
  and that 's when fully mobilized . 
  it does n't even top 4000 in active current duty personnel . 
  also , as an aside , it 's not in fact part of the finnish defense force ; they are under the authority of your ministry of authority instead of your defense chief . 
  they 're only placed under the command of your defense forces under exceptional circumstances . 
  it 's only in a case of war that your country would require hundreds of thousands of troops to defend ( according to your own military doctrine , that is ) . 
  a eu army would no more waste hundreds of thousands of its soldiers on actively patrolling your borders during peacetime than your own country would . 
  of course , if there is an active threat , it 'd be a different matter , and of course it would protect a memberstate with the full extent of its available force ; which even considering the need to maintain defenses elsewhere , would still be orders of magnitude beyond anything finland could muster on its own . 
   the relationship between the us and mars america is secretly working with martians ? 
  time to nuke them out of existence for being traitors to their planet !, 
   britain is the most enduring politically stable nation under the rule of law on the entire planet . 
  it 's really not . 
  it 's up there , yes , but your statement reflects nothing but a misguided understanding of history as viewed through the lens of nationalist pride . 
  besides , it 's really difficult to defend britain 's historical rule of law as exemplary given the countless examples of repression it led to within the empire . 
  furthermore , as i believe i already explained ; the length with which a government has been established as a ( relatively ) stable and benevolent entity is completely irrelevant to the matter of wanting as many protections as possible . 
  past experience is absolutely no guarantee or even indication of the future being the same . 
  shit happens . 
   we 've been called in twice in the last hundred years to clean up the mess of continental europeans allowing their countries to be taken over by psychotic extremists . 
  i like how you extrapolate the examples of * one * country to somehow mean the whole of continental europe produces insane extremism ( whilst of course completely ignoring the fact britain has produced no less insane extremism of its own that the average continental country )  generalised contempt for the rule of law it 's britain that 's demonstrating contempt for the rule of law by rejecting the rulings of a court it is bound by its own treaty obligations to defer to . 
  continental europe 's the one with contempt for the rule of law ? 
  do n't be fucking ridiculous . 
  for one , there 's a vast diversity of nations on the continent , and lumping them all together as some sort of uniform blob of states with contempt for laws is absurd . 
  secondly , we 're not the ones who argue we can ignore laws because they 're inconvenient . 
  that would be your leadership . 
   and inability to effectively maintain basic political stability except there 's countries in continental europe that have been politically stable for * longer * than britain by really any measure worth a damn . 
  maybe when the frisians start up bombing campaigns to get independence you get to gloat ; but you certainly do n't get to pretend you 're a bastion of law abiding stability as it is . 
   we had 25,000 troops in germany until a couple of years ago just in case they decided to try to take over the world , again . 
  no , you had 25,000 troops in germany until a couple of years ago in case the soviets decided to steamroll their way to the channel . 
  if you 're genuinely under the impression it had anything to do with preventing the germans from making trouble , then you clearly need to follow a basic history refresher course . 
   the idea that the eu and continental europe gets to lecture us about how to safeguard freedom and democracy and the rule of law is laughable . 
  yeah , let 's just pretend that it * is n't * true that your modern parliamentary democracy and lack of absolutism is something you only have because you were invaded by a continental power that had to show you how its done . 
  honestly , do they not teach you people anything in british schools ? 
  he 's obviously a luxembourgish spy . 
   that should be enough evidence that it is not clear ( though it may be the right thing to do ) . 
  it just shows me that these countries do not care about human rights as much as they should . 
  regardless of that , it * is * and remains clear that universal suffrage can not have exceptions to it . 
  countries of a more authoritarian bent like the us and the uk might very well think it perfectly fine to automatically deny prisoner 's the right to vote ; but that does n't make things any less objectively clear . 
   and it was about companies ' right to privacy . 
  the case was the company colas est v france , and the company colas est was invoking the right to privacy . 
  that specific case involved an arbitrary investigation by police which was not based on acquired judicial authorization . 
  the court ruled the way it did because it deemed the applicant had become the victim of ` unrestricted government arbitrariness ' . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.mcgeorge.edu/documents/conferences/globejune2012_corporationsandthe.pdf ), 
   big nations have spheres of influence and they try to keep them . 
  russia 's sphere of influence is n't what it used to be . 
  besides , the fact that countries * have * spheres of influence , is not an argument for it being okay for them to interfere in the affairs of countries purported to be within these spheres of influence , or even for them to have these spheres in the first place . 
  except it is n't about subjective views , it 's about objective reality . 
  i know it 's in vogue to accuse the eu of all sorts of nefarious evils . 
  but meanwhile , they keep * adding * protections for european citizens on all sorts of basic rights issues , whilst members of the uk government repeatedly express desires to do away with them . 
  that 's just a plain and simple fact . 
  people should n't let their ideology or xenophobia get in the way of recognizing it . 
  i try to avoid ideologically biased tabloids . 
   they 're not clear matters , they are . 
  there 's no question that automatically taking away a prisoner 's right to vote is a violation of universal suffrage , which is a guiding principle of any modern democratic state . 
  the uk entered into the relevant conventions by its own free will , it has no grounds to object . 
   and not everyone agree that companies should have the right to privacy . 
  and it is n't about * companies * having the right to privacy , but rather that individuals have a right to privacy whilst working for them . 
  at least , that 's my assumption in regards to any ruling you may be referring to , since article 8 of the echr clarifies that in regards to the right of privacy in the home , it may also apply to business premises . 
  i 'd roll my eyes at them and explain to them that between the british government and the eu , only * one * is actively trying to erode the protections of their rights , and that it is n't the one that 's based on this side of the channel .
