  james ii was the cousin of louis xiv . 
  england and france were allies . 
  and as i mentioned , they jointly invaded the republic not even 2 decades earlier . 
  if william had not invaded england , they would most certainly * not * have joined the grand alliance , and europe 's history might have looked quite different . 
   you also must remember that during the time of dutch republic they rode a quick wave and then declined - the whole tulip thing . 
  uhm , the tulip mania did not lead to the decline of the dutch republic . 
  it was actually only a short crisis that happened well before the height of the republic 's power . 
  the republic 's decline happened from a combination of factors : first , being simultaneously invaded by france , england , and several german states ; a war the republic managed to win but only at such a great financial cost that it placed the republic in considerable debt . 
  second , following this war , the republic succesfully invaded england and placed it under dutch control to stand united against france ; which had the side-effect of switching the financial center of europe from amsterdam to london and introduced reforms in england that helped compete it with the republic . 
  these events happened between 1672 and 1688 , almost 40 years after the tulip mania . 
  even then , it would still take more that a century for other countries ( including great brittain ) to overtake the dutch economy . 
  the republic 's decline was only a relative decline , and the republic did not ride a quick wave . 
  i always heard it as a dutchman , frenchman , and american , with new york , paris and amsterdam instead . 
  my point was n't that it was n't possible , but that it 's more expensive than just letting the water do the work . 
  uhm . 
  you build dikes in specific locations , locations which do n't generally lend themselves very well for highway routes . 
  you do n't actually save money from building the highway foundation ; because most dikes are n't wide enough for a highway . 
  it 'd mean building an extra wide dike , and it 's not like they 're exactly cheap to build to begin with . 
  you 'd need the material to build a dike . 
  that means digging somewhere else . 
  if we 're going to be building highways and dikes anyway , it makes much more sense to dig a ditch in a line that 's optimal for the highway , and then using the material produced to build a dike in a place optimal for * it * . 
  where is this street ? 
  being below the drainage system does n't mean it 's 9 meters below sea level . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.allerecords.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/laagste-punt-nederland.jpg ) is the lowest point in the netherlands . 
  unless your street is in a tunnel or some such , it 's highly unlikely it 's * that * much lower than this point . 
   russia is a massive market . 
  its economy is the size of spain . 
  sizeable , but hardly ` massive ' . 
  i think we 'll manage . 
  we 've already set aside a 100 billion euros to deal with said ocean level rise . 
  people just do n't understand how serious we are about water engineering here . 
  the world would sooner look like [ this ] ( http://www.jelmeroosthoek.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/image18.png ) then that the netherlands sinks below the waves . 
   my current home is -9 m below sea level . 
  then you must live in a basement , because the lowest bit of land in the netherlands is -6,7 meters below sea level . 
  i 'm not an engineer or architect ; but i doubt it . 
  a modern house is quite heavy , after all . 
  raising it up a few meters permanently probably requires much stronger supports as opposed to letting the water do it for you if and when it 's needed . 
  most people consider a highway breaking through the landscape to be ugly , whereas they do not think that of reclaimed land itself . 
  that would interfer with the natural sightlines . 
  a sunken highway is less noticeable , preserving the landscape . 
  it might also be the case that the noise reduction is much more pronounced this way . 
  the government has already created a budget for the next 100 years , adding at least a billion euros every year for the strengthening of dikes and such in order to deal with climate change . 
  as for the inevitable flood you speak of , many of our flood defenses are rated to fail only against storms/floods of the kind that happen only once every ten-thousand years . 
  of course , that is n't to say such a flood ca n't happen next week , but it demonstrates we take our flood defenses a lot more seriously than other countries ( who tend to be happy if theirs are rated to deal with the kind of storm that happens once a century ) . 
  there are some vague plans to add islands in front of the coast to help deal with storm surges , but nothing concrete . 
  as for houses on stilts , that 's way old-fashioned . 
  right now , the popular thing is to build neighbourhoods where the houses are designed to float in case of a flood ; normally speaking they 're ground level , but when a flood happens the foundation of such a house is capable of making the whole thing float without losing stability . 
  the house is also attached to poles ( which may be built into the structure itself ) , to keep it from floating away on the currents . 
   the capital is helsinki , named after the viking land of the dead - hel . 
  pretty sure it \u00b4 s just named after the rapids of a local river with no relation to hel whatsoever . 
  your way sounds cooler though . 
  it seems the point went rather over your head . 
  i 'll break it down for you : one the one hand , you have people voting for parties whose political ideology is centered around increasing equality . 
  on the other hand , you have people voting for parties whose political ideology is centered around kicking other people out of a country . 
  those are the only two relevant things here . 
  sure , we can try and compare specific political parties with horrible regimes from the past ; although if we 're going to do that we should probably listen to what the contemporary members of these two sort of parties actually say and propose , and then compare it to the kind of horrible regimes we 're talking about ... in which case i can assure you the left-wing parties will generally end up looking a lot better than the right wing ... but that 's besides the point . 
  whatever associations * you * or * i * care to draw are n't really relevant . 
  what 's relevant are what the parties are actually saying . 
  if one party is known for saying : `` we want better social security !, 
  '' , then it is perfectly normal and understandable why someone might vote for them even if you do n't personally agree with the whole of their politics . 
  if another party is primarily known for saying : `` foreigners gfto '' , then it becomes a much more interesting and important question to ask why the hell people would vote for such a party . 
  in the case of the first party , sure they could end up being real assholes once in power , but what they 're saying and proposing does n't really make it seem very likely . 
  in the case of the second party , they 're already assholes , who will most certainly try to make life very difficult for a lot of people if they get into power . 
  but you know , it 's okay i guess , they 're just being assholes to * other * people . 
  i do n't know . 
  probably because `` why do you want public ownership of the means of production and/or redistribution of wealth '' is n't as interesting a question as `` why do you vote for a party that ca n't seem to convince the rest of us they 're not a bunch of utter assholes to their fellow human beings ? '', 
  you see it for only like a second or so , so it 's easy to miss . 
  i had to rewind it myself to verify . 
  which would be somewhat okay if they did n't hype it as historically accurate as much as they did . 
  even a semi-accurate movie probably should n't condense events that happen over twenty years and have the guy 's kids be the same age start from finish . 
  and it probably should n't use cgi to go from an aerial view of a major land battle and then zoom out to a view of the entire country to show the scale , only to use a 21st century sattelite image that shows flevoland and the afsluitdijk . 
  to name but a few of the more egregious examples of bad stuff in the movie . 
  it 's hard to take that movie seriously for me given how disjointed and inaccurate it is . 
  ah yes , the good old ` tu quoque fallacy ' . 
  i 'm not sure whats sadder , that you seem to believe russia is the victim ... or that you expects others to . 
  russia is basically ukraine 's drug dealer ( gas ) 2 . 
  russia beats up ukraine and takes its girlfriend ( crimea ) 3 . 
  russia ups the price of ukraine 's drugs , forcing ukraine into even more fiscal woe now that ukraine no longer has the shared income of his girlfriend . 
  girlfriend slowly starts realizing that maybe russia is n't so good for her . 
  russia ( you ? ), 
  tells her that ` no baby , look at how poorly he 's doing after i got him into a lifelong addiction , beat him up , got him fired , and pricegouged him . 
  he 's no good for you ! ', 
  you expect us to not laugh at you . 
  leviticus 20:13 if a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them . 
  there 's a few other , less explicit verses where it 's strongly suggested they deserve to be killed . 
  oh , and there 's also the whole sodom thing , destroying an entire city because it was filled with the gay . 
  biblical law really is n't more benign than sharia at all . 
  keep in mind that god explicitly orders people to kill everyone from heathens and homosexuals , to adulterers and kids that are n't obedient to their parents . 
  contrary to popular belief , it does n't say `` do n't kill . '', 
  it says `` do n't murder '' ; which means you ca n't kill people outside of the law . 
  killing the above mentioned people ( and others ) is perfectly within biblical law , however . 
  there 's plenty of christian fundamentalists who believe gay people should be executed , but who fail to act upon this belief . 
  just like there 's going to be plenty of muslims who believe apostasy should be punished but wo n't ever do a thing about it . 
  not quite . 
  we did n't have colonies on either antarctica or australia ( despite ` discovering ' it ) . 
  that said , i do n't understand why people would bring our colonies up in this context : 1 ) everyone knows about new amsterdam  new york 2 ) we were one of the colonial superpowers . 
  i can understand people not knowing about the small colonial efforts of denmark or sweden , but pointing out we had a colony somewhere is like pointing out that spain had a colony in south-america and expecting people to be surprised by it . 
  3 ) we 're not a scandinavian country . 
  there 's a big scale difference between the five colonial powers and all the others , though . 
  portugal , spain , the netherlands , england , and france all had large colonial territories early on , and between them dominated most of the world .
