  which is absurd . 
  that 's basically saying `` if we just accept that y is true , then saying that x is true because y is true is totally logical !, 
  '' ; just because an argument follows an internal logic if you assume the basic premise is true does not mean the conclusion is logically sound : not if you can already demonstrate that the premise is logically impossible . 
  it 's logically impossible for there to both exist a being that is all-knowing and all-powerful and for us to have free will . 
  those two states are mutually exclusive : such an entity would know everything and everything we could ever possibly do , would have known this at the moment of creation , and would have been able to alter creation according to its whim in such a way as to have us do and choose from all the possible choices we could make . 
  the only logical conclusions therefore are that either we do n't have free will ( thus makin arguments that invoke it null ) , that the entity is not all-knowing/all-powerful ( thus eliminating certain logical conclusions about its nature in regards to the debate on suffering ) , or that this entity does not exist . 
   i do n't really see anything wrong with believing in something that does n't have any direct impact on your life . 
  thinking like that is a mistake . 
  because even if what you believe in does n't have a direct impact on your life ; the fact * that * you believe in anything will always have an indirect impact on your life . 
  it influences the way you view the world , which in turn influences how you * interact * with the world . 
  our perception of the world should be as close to reality as is possible in order to maximize the chances that our choices in life are the correct ones . 
  believing in something for which one does not have exceptionally strong evidence is the opposite of that . 
   i guess that 's just a feature of faith , it would n't be called faith if you could verify exactly what do you believe in . 
  that 's not even close to the meaning of the term . 
  faith is almost the exact opposite of it , in fact . 
  someone who has faith knows * exactly * what it is they believe , and a certainty that it is true regardless of anything that suggests the contrary . 
  what you describe is n't faith . 
   but it 's not hard to imagine that the majority of the people lives in terrible condition . 
  they do n't , actually . 
  when i said that humanity 's quality of life has never been better , i did n't mean * western * life ; i meant life in general . 
  global poverty has never been as low as it is today . 
  the majority of the world 's population no longer qualifies as poor . 
   i have no smart answer for this , i just hope that whoever that higher being is , there 's an actual reason for everything that does n't imply a divine malevolence . 
  which only goes to reinforce my point about people claiming they `` believe in something '' not having given it any serious thought . 
  because if you had , then you 'd know that there is no logical way for that to be possible and still maintain the commonly cited attributes of a higher being . 
  there 's only a limited set of logical possibilities : * god is allpowerfull/all-knowing : this means that it would be trivial for god to eliminate all suffering and still achieve whatever his goals for all this are . 
  therefore , the argument that suffering is just part of a greater plan is wrong ; suffering exists purely because god wants it to exist . 
  in this case , god is evil . 
  * god is allpowerful but not all-knowing , he could end suffering if he wants to but chooses not to because he likes suffering to exist . 
  god is still evil . 
  * god is allpowerful but not all-knowing , he could end suffering if he wants to but chooses not to because he does n't know the result and believes that the greater good is served by the existence of suffering . 
  in this case , god may or may not be an idiot ; and is most certainly arrogant for forcing suffering on us despite not knowing if its the right thing to do . 
  * god is all-knowing , but not all-powerful . 
  he likes suffering to exist . 
  this god is evil . 
  * god is all-knowing , but not all-powerful . 
  he wants to end suffering , but does n't have the power to end it . 
  this scenario is impossible because the existence of an entity that wants to end suffering and that knows everything would inevitably lead to a world with a minimal level of suffering . 
  this god is incompetent . 
  * god is all-knowing , wants to end suffering , but is incapable of interacting with the universe in any shape or form . 
  this god is irrelevant and might as well not exist . 
  * god is or is not all-knowing/all-powerful . 
  it does not care about our suffering . 
  this god is not worth our belief/worship . 
  * god does not exist . 
  there is no logical solution in which god exists , is a force for good , and powerful enough to actually be worth our worship . 
  he 's either an asshole , not really a supreme being , or he does n't exist . 
   are you sure about that ? 
  with many people ? 
  yes . 
  absolutely . 
   i know i believe in something , and the only reason being is that it would be too sad not to . 
  which is not a very smart reason to believe anything , i 'm afraid . 
  there 's lots of things that i want to be true for that same reason , but you ca n't change reality just by believing something . 
  besides , by saying your only reason for believing something is because you do n't like the alternative , you 're effectively saying that you do n't actually believe it , but just * hope * it 's true . 
  plus , how can you even believe in `` something '' and not actually * know * what that something is ? 
  that 's the most pointlessly vague belief ever . 
   if a higher being or `` heaven '' does n't exist , then we 've made hell the only world we 'll ever have . 
  which assumes a whole bunch of problematic things . 
  first , it assumes that this world of ours is hell , despite the fact that objectively speaking humanity 's quality of life has * never * been as high as it is today and is still getting better . 
  individual lives might be ` hellish ' for one reason or another , but to call this world such is demonstrably nonsensical . 
  second , it assumes that if there 's a higher being/power that therefore there is an afterlife . 
  there could be a god and when we die we could still just become nothing . 
  or we could reincarnate and lose all our memories . 
  or you could be unlucky and go to hell because god has absurd standards nobody can meet . 
  or both hell and heaven really suck . 
  on top of that , if there is a higher being , and this being is truly as all-knowing and all-powerful as lots of people say it is ... then that means this world is the way it is on purpose ... which kind of makes the higher being a real dick . 
  it means we 're at the mercy of an insanely powerful entity that either causes or allows babies to be born with horrible genetic diseases , to say nothing of all the other random acts of cruelty he 'd cause or allow . 
  if there 's no god , then we may or may not fuck up our world . 
  but at least it 'll be * our * doing . 
  i 'd much rather have that than an apparantly vindictive gm with admin powers . 
  maybe if the church put out a few more missives for its bishops to cover up sex abuse scandals , people would finally stop hearing about them and start to put their trust in the church again . 
  then again , it 's hard to trust people who can wear those silly hats without being struck by the crippling fear of mockery . 
  surely that 's a feat possible only for unfeeling sociopaths . 
  i 'd much rather have them give it serious thought , conclude that it 's nonsense , and have them * then * continue on with their lives ; because that way i know they 've at least developed some critical thinking skills ; whereas all i know about people who are into ` ietsism ' is that they either ; a ) still believe in something for which they have no credible evidence or reason , they 've just made it so vague that they can fit it into anything they want , and therefore it can also be potentially morphed into anything whatsoever , including harmful stuff ( see point b ) . 
  or b ) do n't really believe in such a thing , but they just do n't care enough to have given it any serious thought which means they are intellectually unprepared to deal with any arguments on the subject : which is n't a problem so long as they keep on do n't caring while also having a stable life ; but which makes them vulnerable to manipulation the moment something bad happens in their lives ( there 's a reason most people join religions or cults when they 're at a low point in their lives ) . 
  so no , i do n't really love their response . 
  i feel that a lot of the time when people say `` i do n't know , i believe in * something * '' ; they really do n't mean it , they 're basically just saying it to end the conversation . 
  it 's the kind of thing you can say to a theist to have them go `` well at least they believe in something '' , and to the atheist to have them go `` well at least they do n't believe what the church says . 
  '' ; plus arguing with them about it either way is kind of pointless since they 've already established that they ca n't even define what it is they supposedly believe in ; and therefore do n't really care . 
  it 's kind of a `` whatever '' response . 
   sure , we can all agree that russia is the psychopath here , but that does n't change the simple fact that the eu now has an association treaty with a country that 's at war with a megalomaniacal former super-power aspiring to regain its lost status . 
  all the more reason to vote yes . 
  i do n't want to live in the kind of weakminded country that does exactly what the psychopath wants . 
  it 's not only morally wrong , but pragmatically wrong as well since it 'll only encourage the psychopath . 
   to those who say it 's a minor subject : it is n't . 
  the association treaty is the direct cause for the current civil war in the ukraine . 
  said war has lead to the death of 298 innocent plane passengers ( an event that was relatively larger than 9/11 , if we go by deaths per capita ) this is an absurd argument though . 
  it 'd be like if we were talking with our neighbour about loaning them some of our tools in exchange for some of theirs , and then his insane alcoholic neighbour decided he did n't like that and beats the shit out of him , steals half his yard , then proceeds to kill our cat . 
  and then rather than standing up to the psychopath , we pretend we did n't really love that cat and never liked our neighbour anyway in the hopes that the psychopath does n't kill our dog too . 
  the fuck is wrong with us ? 
   i also do n't really see where the logical connection between a trade deal and the plain shootdown is . 
  do we sign trade agreements out of spite now ? 
  no , but apparently we * refuse * to sign them out of spite towards our governments . 
  that 's because they 're abusing the referendum system so that they can tell the government they do n't like the eu ; even though the referendum explicitly is n't about the eu . 
  which is also true for norway and switzerland ; countries which are not going to be joining the eu any time soon . 
  nowhere in the agreement does it say the eu has to or will admit ukraine into the eu . 
  yes , it would make it * easier * for everyone involved * if * , at some point in the distant future , we decided ukraine should be in the eu ... but that is by no means a foregone conclusion . 
  even if ukraine were to join at some point , it most certainly would n't happen anytime soon , and definitely not until they 're in a far better situation than they are now . 
  ukraine is forced to implement our own laws if they want to cooperate and deal with us , and we do n't even have to let them join the eu until we want them to ... or ever .
