  why not do the same with russia ? 
  because the americans do n't annex our neighbour 's territories , and because they 're actually reliable partners who do n't say one thing and then do the exact opposite . 
  there is no benefit to us working with russia anymore . 
   crimea and ukraine , that was a mess but with some grey areas . 
  no , there were no grey areas . 
   they could n't let go of crimea without losing their naval base on the caspian sea and they had strategic motives . 
  first off all ; `` strategic motives '' is no justification . 
  period . 
  secondly , crimea is n't on the caspian sea ; it 's on the black sea . 
  thirdly , russia would still have a naval base ( novorossiysk ) on the black sea regardless . 
  fourthly , they were never at risk of losing their base in sevastopol ; they had a lease that lasted until at least 2042 . 
  you simply do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   would n't you say those things made some kind of sense from their point of view ? 
  and even if it did , that is no justification for invading your neighbours and annexing their territory . 
   i just do n't see any of that as a significant threat worth starting another cold war over . 
  then tell putin to stand down and start behaving ? 
  why should we tolerate a belligerent state on our borders , invading countries for the sole reason that they wanted to grow politically/economically closer to us ? 
  would you be okay with a dude living on your street that goes around punching neighbours just because they 're spending time with you ? 
   pretty much every modern destroyer weights well over 6000 tons . 
  the dutch lcf is considered a destroyer in nato context ; even though it is 6,050 tonnes . 
  to be fair , they do carry 72 missiles ( 48 cells ) . 
  you 're probably right on armament . 
   its certainly on the heavy side , but most modern destroyers are still a bit more armed and displace a bit more . 
  incorrect . 
  when you look at the various destroyers in the world today ; most of them weigh in at around 6000 lt. 
  there 's only a few navies with significantly heavier ships . 
  there 's also quite a few navies with much smaller destroyers ( though these tend to be older models ) . 
  it 's armament does n't fall outside the norm too much . 
  it 's gun is a little light ( italy 's version of the ship carries more guns ) , and it seems a little light on aa missiles , but it 's certainly on par with many other destroyers . 
   with the us having 19 times the population it should be easier for the netherlands to export more to the us than vise vera as it is a much larger market . 
  on the other hand , with 19 times the population , it should be easier to produce so much that imports should n't be as high as they are and to export much much more ; and that goes double considering nl is a transport hub for europe and therefore you have much of europe as a market when exporting to nl . 
  then again , this has turned into way too much of a pedantic argument over what was supposed to be a joke . 
   so you 're going to tell me that that big ass row of ugly cornered window in front of the deck + the big ass hole on the side for small boats are stealthy , but some small low relief window would fuck it up ? 
  it may surprise you , but some very talented engineers and designers work on ships like this . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to make a ship this size completely invisible to radar ; nonetheless you can greatly reduce the ship 's radar cross-section by using the right materials and angles . 
  windows and such are kept to the bare minimum necessary for the ship to function . 
  those small windows are not necessary , and would indeed risk increasing the cross section . 
  simple is best . 
  modern destroyers are generally the heaviest surface combatants in use ; frigates are not as heavily armed and capable . 
  as to their roles , that depends on the navy in question . 
  frigates are commonly used in the anti-submarine role and destroyers in air-defense ; but it varies on the particular design . 
  some frigates are focused on air defense or missile warfare ; others are designed for multi-purpose roles . 
  incidentally , the ship in the op is actually a destroyer based on displacement and armament and international standards . 
  i 'm guessing the french navy does n't utilize the destroyer classification ( same as the dutch navy , which also calls its destroyers frigates ) . 
   despite the disparity in market size , the us still exports more than double to the nl than it imports . 
  or , looking at it another way : despite having 19 times the population , the us only exports a little over double to the netherlands what the netherlands manages to export to the us ; with most of that then being re-export , leading to a net profit and not a net loss for the netherlands . 
  [ old but nice one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhaborimkmq ) for the marine corps . 
  kct ( korps commando troepen , dutch special forces ) series : * [ sniper ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw6-elclrss ) * [ demolitions specialist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f828kqek2yy ) * [ communications specialist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbdm1k3e28u ) * [ medic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p25odju45ki ), 
   well it is generally thanks to inflation it 's not . 
  the number is already inflation adjusted . 
   african countries can not even enforce the `` 1-child policy '' . 
  probably because they do n't actually * have * one . 
   china , india and other countries had to follow such extreme measures . 
  please do n't make stuff up . 
  the ** only ** country to have ever had a one-child policy is china . 
  india has never had such a policy , nor has any other country . 
  furthermore , china * abandoned * the one-child policy last year . 
  that video and the numbers he cites are woefully out of date . 
  the video is from 1996 . 
  the situation today is * vastly different * . 
   but still , even if it was only 3 billion or even 2 billion , that 's still a way too large number for europe to properly take in . 
  and this is a strawman argument . 
  it is not even remotely plausible that that many people would decide to try and move to europe , even if we all told them to come . 
  immigration numbers will continue to ebb and rise as they always have . 
  the sky is not falling . 
  doomsday is not around the corner . 
  stop panicking already . 
  do you have any evidence of this ? 
   and it 's very stupid to ignore inflation . 
  $ 1.90 in 1990 is not $ 1.90 today . 
  except that 1.90 is already inflation adjusted ; the cutoff figure used to be 1.25 . 
  but nice try . 
  and you can do that in a world with 10 billion people too . 
  in fact , you could do that in a world with double that amount . 
  * we already produce enough food to feed 10 billion people * ; so that 's really not going to be the problem ; especially considering agricultural technology continues to advance at a neckbreaking pace . 
  distribution of that food is a problem , but that 's hardly an insurmountable one . 
  water ? 
  again , there 's more than enough water on the planet to support that many people ; even better , it 's a renewable resource . 
  the problem is once again not the amount that we have , but how to get it to where it needs to be and make sure its clean . 
  and once again , this is not an insurmountable problem . 
  space ? 
  again , not a problem . 
  just because science fiction likes to create dystopian cityscapes , does n't mean that 's even remotely necessary . 
  you could fit the entire world population inside of texas , and * every single person * would have enough space for a townhouse . 
  there is plenty of space available in the world , provided we curtail urban sprawl and design our cities in a smarter fashion . 
  but people need to have a little perspective and stop overreacting . 
  hardly surprising , given that we 're the gateway to europe . 
  most of the stuff we import from you we re-export to the rest of europe . 
  so even when we buy more stuff from you than we sell to you , we 're still turning a profit . 
  geeze , learn to capitalism already , america !, 
  the point was that the number of poor people is not even `` fastly increasing '' as was claimed ... but is in fact dropping . 
  the premise of his argument is wrong . 
  as for his claim of 5 billion + poor people , there is n't any internationally accepted definition of poverty that yields that many people . 
  but i suppose when you 're just making things up to begin with , it does n't really matter * how * you define poverty . 
  relax . 
  the world 's population is * already * stabilizing . 
  consider the fact that the number of children in the world has * stopped * growing . 
  contrary to what most westerners think , the average birthrates in most of the developing world are not significantly higher than they are in the west anymore . 
  the world 's population is predicted to peak between around 9.2 and 10.9 billion people in 2100 . 
  the earth is more than capable of sustaining this number , your uninformed panic not withstanding .
