  however , in case people are unaware , you can [ search directly for books on google ] ( https://www.google.com/search?tbm=bks&amp;q=netherlands+history ) like you would images , videos , or websites ; so that should give a wealth of options at least , although you 'd have to look for yourself if they 're any good . 
  actually , strictly speaking we do . 
  it 's easy to calculate . 
  the most densely populated semi-autonomous region in the world is macau . 
  living with that kind of population density is perfectly possible . 
  if we had the same overall population density as macau , we could relatively comfortably fit almost half a billion people in the netherlands ; 485 million people or so . 
  the arab world 's combined population is around 422 million people . 
  so yes , we do in fact have room for the entire arab world . 
  and we could then still fit something like the uk in there too if we wanted to . 
  of course , we 're not going to reach those kinds of populations for all sorts of reasons ; but it does demonstrate that we could fit in a hell of a lot more people than we do now . 
  there may or may not be good arguments against continued immigration , but overpopulation is * not * one of them . 
  largest party in the * polls * ... ... but dutch polls are notoriously unreliable . 
  they have never been accurate for the pvv . 
  in 2006 they got a significantly higher result than they were polled at 3 months prior , but in 2010 and 2012 the reverse was true . 
  nobody here takes the polls that seriously . 
  it 's kind of established history . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/geschiedenis_van_drenthe#vroege_middeleeuwen ) ( dutch ) should serve as a starting point . 
  unfortunately , relatively little information has survived from the early middle ages ( indeed owing to the general lack of development of the region ) . 
  it is n't really until it becomes part of what 's known as [ oversticht ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overijssel#oversticht ) that it starts to show up more reliably in the historical records . 
  oversticht being mostly ruled by utrecht . 
  as for the viscounts of coevorden ( a town and castle in drenthe ) ; you can find a list of them [ here ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/lijst_van_burggraven_van_coevorden ) . 
  as for some reading on the wars i mentioned , there 's [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_ane ) . 
  sorry if i ca n't find more than this atm ; like i said , there 's not a lot of information that survives ; and most of the stuff will be in dutch . 
  and this one [ for the north ] ( https://aprendiendoholandes.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/zaanse_schans_lcd.jpg ), 
  the population of drenthe actually experienced strong growth after the 6th century ; though this was relative as the area had experienced depopulation in the centuries before . 
  it was never completely depopulated however . 
  as i mentioned in another post , drenthe was fully subject to feudalism ; and even suffered wars over feudal control . 
  it 's true that it was never particularly populated , and thus never particularly rich , though . 
  it was always relatively inconsequential ( apart from the city of groningen , which was originally part of drenthe ) . 
  but still , it had land , it had villages and farms , and thus it had lords . 
  if the context was migrants ( not fellow citizens ) then i think it 's a legitimate area for discussion . 
  not according to the consitution . 
  does n't matter if they 're citizens or not . 
  the first article of our constitution states very clearly that * everyone * who is in the netherlands is to be treated equally and that discrimination is absolutely not allowed . 
  this means that we can not expel a person based on discriminatory criteria like them being muslim , or them being moroccan . 
  this is n't true . 
  in fact , drenthe itself was a county ( ie ; ruled by a count ) . 
  in fact , for a time , the city of groningen was under drenthe 's rule . 
  from 1024 , the county of drenthe becomes ruled by the prince-bishops of utrecht ; who were very much feudal lords . 
  these bishops frequently warred with the viscounts of coevoerden for the right to rule drenthe between the 12th and 15th centuries . 
  later , it was briefly ruled by the duke of gelre before falling under the rule of the habsburg . 
  drenthe was poor ; but lots of feudal lords tried ( and succeeded ) to rule it . 
  it 's under the republic that drenthe is deemed so poor that it ca n't be taxed , and therefore became part of the generality lands ; lacking the representation that the seven netherlands had . 
  it 's called the friese vrijheid ( frisian freedom ) . 
  there 's a couple of reasons suggested for it . 
  supposedly it was granted by charlemagne to the frisians in exchange for them conquering rome for the franks . 
  story goes that roman nobles had cut out the eyes of pope leo iii , who was supposedly the brother of charlemagne ( or at least favored by him ) and thrown him out of the city . 
  the frisians , under magnus forteman , are said to have conquered and occupied rome and now defied charlemagne , declaring that they would not give up the city unless he gave them freedom so they could go home without shame . 
  in response , he granted them the so called karelsprivilege which freedom them from feudal servitude . 
  it 's unclear whether or not this actually happened ; some historians say the privilege was falsified . 
  and the original is lost . 
  however , many hre emperors acknowledged it as genuine so it became recognized regardless . 
  another explanation offered by some historians is that there was no peasant class in frisian ; so the nobility could never evolve around feudal lines . 
  supposedly this is because in frisia , unlike most of the rest of europe , the use of currency had not collapsed with the fall of rome . 
  the frisians still used money , which means the kind of trade that led to the development of feudal bonds could n't take root . 
  regardless of what caused it , what this freedom meant in practice was the frisians were not subject to rule by counts or dukes or so on ; they were allowed to rule themselves . 
  there was no centralized governance . 
  frisia was effectively a bunch of autonomous regions ruled at a local level . 
  there was a kind of proto democracy for frisia as a whole , with how the various areas sent representatives to a specific place in east frisia where they decided on various things like law . 
  frisian freedom in the west ended as a result of conquests by the county of holland , and elsewhere ended as a result of a period of civil war between 1350 and 1498 , . 
  east-frisia saw local nobles rise to counts , and elsewhere one side brought in the duchy of saxony who quickly conquered frisia . 
  after that it fell under habsburg rule . 
  even later though , during the dutch republic , elements of frisian freedom still remained . 
  the netherlands in that time was divided between the franks in the south , frisians in the north and along the coast , and saxons in the east . 
  the influence of the franks kept extending northward due to wars and the christianization of the netherlands ( which was finally completed in the 9th century ) . 
  dorestad was a major european center of trade at the time ; and vigorously fought over by the franks and frisians ( and raided by the vikings ) ; and the region at the heart of frankish politics . 
  eventually , the franks created their empire of which the netherlands was a part ; and then that collapsed into the three kingdoms ; which would evolve into france and the hre . 
  the netherlands was part of the middle kingdom , which was unfortunate enough to get gobbled up by the other two . 
  the netherlands became part of francia orientalis ; eastern francia , which would become the holy roman empire . 
  frisia got conquered by the vikings and then incorporated into the hre ; and viking raids were a constant threat along the coast . 
  feudalism rose ( except in frisia , which was exempt from it by imperial decree ) , and towards the 10th century the netherlands became little more than a border region , losing much of the political relevance it had earlier in the period . 
  fair enough . 
  i was under the impression that eurostat had changed their definition as well in recent years , but since i ca n't find any information on that i 'm guessing i 'm wrong . 
   go look up the violence rates outside the cities ( and in the areas with the most guns per capita ) . 
  it 's similar to malta . 
  this is [ obviously not true ] ( http://geocurrents.info/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/us-murder-rtae-map.jpg ) . 
  the rate is 1.4 in malta btw . 
  only [ a handful of us states ] ( http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/murder-rates-nationally-and-state ) have a similar rate . 
  most states are far above it . 
  even though most of them are n't exactly densely populated . 
  i would imagine that to a large degree it could come down to changes in how they 're determining who counts as unemployed and who does n't . 
  i know that it was n't that long ago they redefined that here in the netherlands . 
  the unemployment rate had a magical drop of 2 % between december 31st , 2014 and january 1st , 2015 . 
  why ? 
  because we used to define someone as unemployed if they worked less than 12 hours a week and were searching for better employment . 
  now you 're considered employed even if you work only 1 hour a week . 
  so obviously you 're going to get less unemployment ; even if nothing changes . 
  germany ? 
  you leave germany alone . 
  he 's a good neighbour . 
  most of the time . 
  flanders is a nice kid !, 
  he does n't even know how to properly insult someone and is always polite even when he 's trying to be rude . 
  frankly he 's so nice that it 's kind of creeping me out . 
  excuse me ? 
  * your * kid keeps asking for it . 
  maybe you should learn some proper parenting and make sure that wallonia does n't dress and act in such a way that everyone wants to punch him . 
  now if you 'll excuse me , i can hear frisia complaining from the kitchen . 
  time to beat some sense into her . 
  nice way of pretending everything 's a-ok you 've got there .
