  carriers almost always lose out in wargame simulations involving subs , even when protected by full carrier groups . 
  that is n't to say carriers are obsolete ; they obviously work fantastic as mobile bases of operations against foes that do not have the ability to send noteworthy ( subsurface ) naval assets to strike against them . 
  that of course , has been true of most of the wars that have happened since ww2 ; so they have n't really been challenged outside of simulations . 
  in a modern war against reasonably well-equipped foes , carriers wo n't last long . 
  russia * wants * to build them , but will never be able to afford to . 
  fyi . 
  let 's just agree that they 're both fugly . 
  frigate is routinely used to describe ships in various european navies that under international definitions would be considered destroyers based on size/armament/role . 
  this is true for dutch destroyers ( de zeven provinci\u00ebn class ) , for instance . 
  we could either call them jagers ( hunter ; from torpedobootjager ) , or just use the english word destroyer ; but after world war 2 it was decided that such a designation would sound ` too aggressive ' ; which some thought would n't go over well with the more pacifist elements in society . 
  kind of silly if you ask me . 
  what the hell do you mean ? 
  who would n't want to see that ? 
   i do n't know ... to me patriot is just the american word for nationalist . 
  it 's really not an american word ; we 've used that word in dutch for centuries . 
  ever since the 18th century dutch patriot movement fighting for the sovereignty and rights of the * people * and the nation they make up . 
  a patriot and a nationalist are two different things ; though they appear similar enough that there 's ample grounds for confusion . 
  that is exactly it . 
  when we 're talking about matters of personal liberty and well-being , there is no question whatsoever that there 's been an overall upward trend . 
  it is n't something that 's up for debate and frankly i find it absurd that you 'd even try . 
  just because segments of the global population can experience downturns , does n't mean that as a species we have n't seen clear upward improvement when looking at the whole of history . 
  this is even more true when we isolate it to just the west . 
  some conservative nutjobs might 've thought that given women the right to vote ( or any other bit of social progress we 've made ) to have been a `` downward '' step for us ; but bringing that up when we 're talking about social progress is like saying that scoring a goal in football is n't really doing well in the game , because you miss the days when we were using the severed heads of our conquered enemies as the ball . 
  but , the only reason they 're higher up than us is because we keep getting angry at being beaten by finland . 
  if we 'd just learn to let it go , we 'd finally fucking beat finland . 
   i was educated elsewhere ( so it would n't be your fault , do n't worry , and from what i can see you 've got very good education ) do n't worry , i was only joking . 
   my dutch is still a bit bad , and i understood that they were over 200 % more likely to commit suicide , which i was like `` uhm , i do n't think so '' one can only hope that that 's what they meant . 
  i mean , being ridiculously hateful bigots is one thing . 
  but being that blatantly stupid on top of that ? 
  no , unacceptable . 
  there 's crazies everywhere , unfortunately . 
   although i highly disagree with the percentages they give us , i would be severely disappointed in our education system if you did n't ; seeing as how the leaflet genuinely claims that the suicide rate among gay people is 200 % . 
  although thinking that that might be true for other countries does still raise questions about our schools . 
  which is just an attempt to appear more succesful than they actually are , you do realize . 
  persistent rumors and reports suggest that the dutch branch of scientology has been doing very poorly for years and has only been losing members . 
  buying a big new office is the sort of thing they hope will attract new converts because it looks `` more legit '' and impressive . 
   i think the west has been going backwards in some ways since the 1970s . 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  that 's just part of the regular progressivism/reactionism cycle ; ala the strauss-howe generational theory . 
  periods of progress are always followed by periods of reactionary sentiment . 
  if you 'd chart out social progress , then over the long run you 'd see a clear upward trend . 
  it 's just that we 're in one of the regularly occuring valleys right now . 
  keep in mind we said the same thing about brexit . 
  everybody was saying it was going to be a remain win . 
   people will almost look almost ? 
  unless you 're a small child , senior citizen , or competing as an athlete , it * is * weird as fuck to be wearing a helmet in the netherlands . 
  it also is n't stupid . 
  cycling is incredibly safe in the netherlands . 
  the number of dutch cyclists killed per kilometer travelled is the lowest in the entire world . 
  in fact , statistically speaking you 're actually * more * likely to get injured while wearing a helmet ; counter-intuitive though that may sound . 
  there 's a psychological effect going on whereby people wearing helmets are more prone to taking risks while cycling . 
  if you 're not wearing a helmet , you 're instinctively going to be more cautious . 
  now , if you live in a cycling unfriendly country , the benefits of wearing a helmet probably outweigh this effect ; but not in the netherlands . 
  yeah i mean ... it 's not as if economists themselves would tell you exactly the same thing about real vs nominal or anything . 
  god . 
  so many armchair critics on reddit . 
  fair enough . 
  still bigger than the us though . 
  although when you compare purely in real terms rather than ppp , the eu is still the biggest . 
  again , i explained this to you in another comment , you 're looking at nominal gdp ; which is a poor comparison . 
  the eu 's economy in real terms is bigger . 
  the eu can buy more stuff than the us can ; just not if it was forced to do so in dollars ... which does n't matter , because it does n't have to . 
  alright , downvote me for trying to educate you . 
  you 're not comprehending the difference between nominal and real gdp . 
  yes , in nominal gdp , the us is slightly bigger . 
  but nominal gdp is a terrible way of comparing between countries because it does n't take into consideration cost of living . 
  nominal gdp tells you how much the economy is worth converted to dollars at market exchange rates ; but that does n't actually tell you how much that economy could practically afford to buy ; which is the real measure of an economy . 
  when you adjust for this , you end up with real gdp ; a measure of how much an economy can actually afford to buy ; and the eu 's [ real gdp is bigger ] ( http://www.multpl.com/eu-real-gdp ) . 
  first of all , you ca n't say `` well they 're a superpower compared to x '' . 
  that 's like saying my bicycle is a ferrari compared to feet . 
  if russia can only qualify as a superpower by comparing it to to specific countries , then it 's not a fucking superpower . 
  secondly , it 's not even true . 
  like i said , the vast majority of their equipment is in horrible condition . 
  their navy is kind of a joke . 
  sure , you look at the numbers and you think `` that 's a lot !, 
  '' ; but then you look closer and you realize that most of them are antiques . 
  for fuck 's sake , a third of their destroyer fleet was built in the early sixties and the rest date from the early 80 's . 
  they have almost no modern ships . 
  this does n't apply to just their navy either ; most of their inventory is old and in disrepair , whether its ships , armor , or aircraft . 
  take the nukes out of the equation and they would almost certainly lose any fight they 'd start against a western european country . 
  yes , [ the eu * is * the largest economy in the world ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/charts-eu-economy-is-bigger-than-the-us-2015-6?international=true&amp;r=us&amp;ir=t ), 
  no , the us did not surpass the eu last year . 
  and yes , the eu had economic growth last year too . 
  the us did grow faster yes , but not so fast that they magically made up the gap . 
  just because they have nukes does n't mean they 're a military superpower . 
  their military may be big , but most of its equipment is in horrible condition . 
  you 're not a superpower if your one aircraft carrier is barely even seaworthy . 
   looks at the netherlands oh no . 
  people still hate us for all that conquering and opression we did . 
  we 're not doing that again . 
  no sir . 
  we all die . 
  problems solved . 
  china at least can be reasoned with . 
  russia has proven it can not . 
  i agree with you in principle , but keep in mind the rules would make it so that a mental health professional would be involved and would have to be completely certain that the individual 's making a well-thought decision ; and is n't just doing it on a whim . 
  giving a bit of money over a 20 year period in support of institutions that promote democratic reform and transparency . 
  which in conspiracy land turns into : `` the cia funded the coup ! '', 
   trading a lot with them so there 's interest in cooperation . 
  we tried that .
