  ) , does n't mean they think fondly of the period of history in which we ruthlessly exploited them . 
  those are two separate things , you know . 
  and if you think that period `` was n't bad at all '' , well , you might want to crack open a book or two . 
  because it was . 
   regarding their empires i mostly hear westerners say bad things ? 
  that 's because you 're only exposed to what westerners say . 
  maybe try asking the indonesians what they think of our former empire . 
  i 'm going to give you a hint : they were n't fans . 
  oh , this is such bullshit . 
  we had tried to plan together with the belgians and french ; just in case of an invasion ... and this simply * did not work * . 
  we could not agree on anything . 
  trying to plan on how to coordinate with your neighbours in case of invasion is not a violation of neutrality . 
  we did not join the allies ; and had germany not invaded us we would have stayed out of the war . 
  or actually , the allies would 've invaded us ( the french did in fact incorporate an invasion of a neutral netherlands in their counter-offensive plans , if we had not joined the allies by then )  okay having just researched it i 'm referring to the dyle plan , specifically the breda variant . 
  you 're talking about a french plan . 
  made completely without our involvement . 
  and * rejected * by us . 
  uhm ... the fuck ? 
  yes , we were . 
  i do n't know where you get the frankly ridiculous idea we were n't . 
  it 's closer to 3 times . 
  the us military budget was 597 billion dollars in 2015 . 
  the eu 's combined military budget was 194.7 billion euros in 2014 . 
  oh look , someone who does n't know how nato * actually * functions . 
  dutch here . 
  can confirm . 
  neutrality is great , until it suddenly stops working ; at which point you realize in sudden panic that neglecting your military all those years was a really bad fucking idea . 
  why not both ? 
  it 's times like this , when i want to be contrarian and argue with a random person on reddit , that i wish i was one of those people who believe the moon landings were faked . 
  of course , i just realized that the mere fact those people exist , means it is debateable !, 
  nobody said the arguments in the debate have to be good , after all . 
  screw you , random guy on reddit . 
  you 're wrooooong !, 
   it points out russia already has a fleet of 2,500 tanks with a reserve of 12,500 , which is `` 35 times the size of the fleet in the british army '' . 
  but apparently fails to point out that only 14 out of those 2,500 tanks are currently armata 's ; with the vast majority being t72 's . 
  and with the reserves even including thousands of t55 's . 
  a design that was introduced in 1945 . 
  not to mention fails to mention the rather important fact that the armata is way over-budget and that russia simply ca n't afford to buy the thousands it wants . 
  but i guess pointing that out would make additional funding for the uk military harder to come by . 
  sorry , no . 
  [ parkshuttle does not operate on a public road ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/parkshuttle ) . 
  it operates on a completely separate road network ; with a few protected crossings . 
  i do n't want to live on this planet anymore . 
  that sounds like a personal problem to me . 
  you 're not going to find a better system . 
  i do n't exactly trust the voting public at large either , but i do n't have to , because i trust the system . 
  at least , i trust it more than i trust any of the alternatives . 
  i live in a multi-party democracy . 
  there 's no majority . 
  there 's only a plurality . 
  consensus . 
  it works . 
  i said we vote for the people who we feel will best represent our interests . 
  in an ideal world , everyone would have both the time and inclination to do the research for that ... but in that world we probably would n't * need * representative democracy in the first place since at that point you can just go with a full referenda-based democracy instead . 
  a representative democracy is n't perfect ; but its still the best system we have . 
  people will vote on who they feel is best for them ; some do the research , others do it based purely on feeling . 
  fortunately , governments only stay in power for a few years before the next election , and then people can look at the previous term to see if the people they voted for did in fact live up to their expectations . 
  it 's a self-correcting system . 
   and against democracy of any kind . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's actually a great argument in * favor * of representative democracy . 
  the average person has neither the knowledge , nor the time needed to acquire the knowledge required to make the kind of decisions needed to run a country . 
  that 's precisely * why * we appoint people to do it for us . 
  we vote for the people who we feel will best represent our interests while doing so . 
  it 's the best system of governance we have ( at least until a hyper-intelligent and benevolent ai comes along we can entrust all decision-making to ), 
  it might be because i 'm dutch ... but americans are definitely * not * direct . 
  more so than english people , probably ... but americans beat around the bush far too much to be called direct imo . 
  i do n't know why you 'd say they have nothing to do with them ; the bloedzuigers in the game are literally giant leeches ; and bruxa are often vampiric in fiction ( and folklore ) . 
  as for the dutch ( and other obviously non-polish ) naming schemes that appear throughout the games/books ( nekkers for instance are creatures from dutch folklore , and there 's lots of dutch names/titles in the game lore ) ; it 's undoubtedly to add different flavors to the cultures in the world . 
  for an author , it 's an easy way to add distinctiveness to them . 
  as claimed by a forced and highly suspect referendum that literally had a 123 % voter turnout in sevastopol . 
  nobody should believe those results . 
   yes , he 's one of the few who actually addresses the problem oh yes . 
  suggesting headscarf taxes and angrily ranting on twitter are totally addressing the problem . 
  / s wilders has no answers . 
  no actual solutions . 
  most of the things he claims he 'd do to solve the `` problems '' are in fact blatantly unconstitutional . 
  and would not , in any event , solve a damn thing anyway . 
   as they are one of the biggest groups sucking welfare , blatantly false . 
  by far the biggest group on welfare are white dutch people . 
  not to mention , there has been [ vast improvement ] ( http://www.flipvandyke.nl/2011/04/meer-autochtonen-in-uitkering-dan-allochtonen/#9 ) in regards to the position of non-western citizens in terms of welfare . 
  so you should drop this reason for wanting them gone ; because it 's simply wrong . 
   most criminals per capita , which is simply misrepresentative of reality . 
  to start with , it 's not even necessarily true that they have the `` most criminals per capita '' ; because you 're actually talking about them having the most people per capita * suspected * of a crime . 
  which is not the same thing as having the most criminals per capita . 
  i would hope you 're at least passingly familiar with ethnic profiling , which is certainly a problem among dutch police . 
  also , it 's not morrocans that have the highest rate , but antillians . 
  beside which , you 're still talking about only a small minority of them . 
  why the hell should the whole group of them be thrown out because less than 4 % of them are suspected of a crime . 
  newsflash , if you want them all gone because a small minority of them are suspected of being criminals ... you might be a racist . 
   and i am sick of their aggressive presence when i go out and try to have a good time . 
  so now it 's down to anecdotal reasons . 
  you had a couple of bad experiences with adolescents of a certain ethnicity , and now they all have to go . 
  i mean , it 's not as if there 's never been any aggressive presence of adolescent white guys in dutch nightlife . 
  that would just be silly !, 
  we 're all super well behaved !, 
   but i do n't vote pvv . 
  you can vote different parties , but still feel the same way about an issue . 
  sure . 
  but just because there might be a couple of people like you out there , does n't mean you can just pretend like the whole country agrees with you on this .
