  you could find more by yourself if you 'd just care enough to google for 10 seconds instead of acting like a twat who thinks reality will bend to his will if he can just convince the rest of us that simply writing '' [ citation needed ] '' over and over represents some sort of argument . 
   without your shitty attitude . 
  how about you just fuck off back to somewhere that is * not * / r/europe ? 
  go pollute your own digital shores with your denialism . 
  given that producing even a single gram of antimatter ( which would create a pretty unimpressive weapon ) at present would cost an estimated 62.5 trillion dollars , i 'm not sure that 's the way to go . 
  i mean it 's just a hunch on my part . 
   seeing how russia is all militaristic now they 've always been militaristic . 
  how the hell do you think they became the largest country on earth ? 
  it 's such a shame you [ do n't even know what the fuck is going on in your country ] ( https://www.queerty.com/indiana-will-send-same-sex-couples-to-jail-for-wanting-to-get-married-really-20130709 ) , and apparently need europeans to google for you . 
   you wo n't be able to , because that was a lie . 
  it is a matter of fact that some of his picks ; including mike pence have supported gay conversion therapy . 
  frankly i 'm shocked that this is even in question . 
  a quick 10 second google search would [ tell you as much ] ( http://forward.com/news/355129/why-jewish-fight-over-gay-conversion-therapy-could-reignite-under-donald-tr/ )  if gays had ` civil unions ' instead , no one would care , really ? 
  so that 's why the gay community has been campaigning for decades across the world , and continues to do so , for equal marriage rights ? 
  it 's not `` just agitating for the sake of it '' . 
  it 's a matter of equal rights and treatment ; and filling out his cabinet with outspoken homophobes who oppose equal treatment does not make a friend of the lgbt community out of donald trump . 
  why are you even arguing with this ? 
   in my opinion , 15 killed peacekeepers is big enough `` excuse '' to wipe the floor with the attacking forces , destroying their ability to repeat the same attack , at least in the near future . 
  so then , it 's okay to level russia to the ground for what they did to our civilians , right ? 
  i 'll get on the phone with the french and tell them to launch , since we got the ok now . 
  which statements would that be ? 
  the one about atheists ? 
  i already told you , that 's an analogy . 
  if you do n't understand what an analogy is i 'm not sure we can communicate effectively . 
  which was preceded by attacks against georgia by russia-backed separatists , despite georgian calls for a ceasefire . 
  also , the speed with which russia immediately sent its main forces after that incident makes it very clear that they were just looking for an excuse . 
  it 's an analogy to the support of conversion therapy and opposition to gay marriage expressed by some of trump 's picks . 
  are you denying these are views held by some of them ? 
   that 's not a state affair , it 's not up to politicians to decide what the church is allowed to do unless a law is breached . 
  if so a judge can restore the man 's rights . 
  expressing outrage without doing anything to alter the situation is pretty cheap . 
  the pvv is not a gay rights organisation , it does n't have to respond to everything that involves gays . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  if a mosque did it , they would be the first to make a fuss . 
   again , why would one have to speak up every time something like this happens ? 
  it 's not about having to speak up everytime something happens . 
  it 's that they * only ever * speak up when muslims are involved . 
  it 's a double standard . 
  they only ever talk about gay rights when doing so is convenient for what they really care about ; ` hating on muslims ' . 
  if people say that the pvv does n't have to make a fuss about gay rights whenever something happens . 
  fine . 
  they can even do so only when it serves their anti-muslim agenda . 
  fine . 
  but do n't then pretend like the pvv is pro gay rights . 
  it 's not . 
   this is indeed very strange , but the pvv has also stated it does n't share the views of mr. belien . 
  which is the sort of drab meaningless thing said as a matter of cya policy . 
  and it does n't matter in this context . 
  someone with such outspoken anti-gay views does not belong in an organization that is claimed to be pro-gay rights . 
  you would n't hire an avowed member of the kkk if you 're running an organization that makes a point of being opposed to racism either . 
  saying that you do n't share those views is a cop-out excuse . 
  now again , this would n't be a problem if people did n't pretend that the pvv is pro gay rights . 
   no , it did not . 
  yes , it did . 
  you 're talking about only a single vote . 
  which is n't the one i was talking about . 
  here 's some votes where the pvv voted against on issues that concern gay rights ( the first few on the same day as the vote you linked ) : * 23-06-11 : voted against a proposal to give police , local government , and housing corporations the means to jointly deal with hatecrimes . 
  * 23-06-11 : voted against a motion for the government to formulate new goals in terms of the position of women in the economy as well as the social acceptance of homosexuality . 
  * 23-06-11 : voted against a motion for the government to adopt goals for the emancipatiebeleidt aimed at reducing rejection of lgbt individuals , reduction of suicidal thoughts among lgbt youth , reduction of abuse of lgbt individuals , and increase the willingness of lgbt to report abuse . 
  * 17-11-11 : voted against a motion requesting the government to not send refugees back to a country where they are at risk of receiving the deathpenalty for blasphemy , apostasy , infidelity , or homosexuality . 
  * 29-03-12 : voted against raising funding for projects aimed at promoting the acceptance of homosexuality in ethnic and religious circles ( keeping in mind that the money was to come from the already agreed upon separately for the emancipiation of homosexuality . 
  * 29-03-12 : voted against a motion requesting the government to have the education inspection explicitly monitor the implementation of sexual education on schools in regards to homosexuality and sexual diversity ( which is what i was talking about ) . 
  * 10-04-12 : voted against an motion to have the government declare a moratorium on sending back iraqi lgbt refugees until clarity can be gained on their safety . 
  * 03-12-12 : same as above for ugandan refugees . 
  * 10-04-13 : voted against a motion to order an evaluation on a program that 's aimed at promoting acceptance of homosexuality in religious and ethnic circles . 
  it 's a matter of [ public record ] ( http://www.partijgedrag.nl/moties_wizard.php?chkverschil=false&amp;chkverbergindiener=true&amp;onderwerptitel=homo-emancipatie&amp;action=zoek&amp;partij=&amp;onderwerp=5&amp;beleidsagenda=&amp;search= ) the pvv 's voting record is not exactly pro-lgbt ; even if it is n't consistently anti-lgbt either . 
   is my atheism a sham because i have catholic friends ? 
  but if you became president and filled your cabinet with people who want to forcibly convert atheists and deny them the same political rights as everyone else ... then yeah , it 's safe to say you do n't give a shit about atheists . 
   i do n't think it is fair to critize the pvv for that then why have they voted * against * legislation aimed at greater acceptance of homosexuality ? 
  why do they employ people who are openly homophobic ? 
  why do they only ever talk about gay rights when those rights are under attack by muslims/morrocans , but are always conspiciously silent when it 's native people involved in gay bashing ( which yes , still happens ) or discrimination ? 
  if they want to claim they genuinely care about gay rights ; they should speak up * whenever * gay rights are under threat , not just when it 's muslims that are involved . 
  just a few examples in which the pvv is either silent , or downright anti-gay : * 2010 , pvv was completely silent when the media reported widely on the refusal of a bishop and priests in den bosch to give communion to a gay prince carnaval . 
  despite anyone and everyone talking about it and condemning it . 
  * completely silent when a lesbian couple was beaten up by two frisian girls . 
  * paul belien , sometimes referred to as wilder 's righthand man ; is an outspoken homophobe . 
  look up some of the things he 's said about homosexuality . 
  if wilders and the pvv genuinely cared about gay rights , they would not employ in so high a position someone who openly calls gay marriage a perversion , and who does n't think gay couples should be allowed to adopt . 
  * the pvv voted * against * requiring schools to properly inform students about homosexuality ( which would be a tremendously helpful thing in promoting acceptance ) . 
  and what else happened back in 2008 ? 
  oh right . 
  russia waged war on georgia . 
   pvv actually advocates gay rights only when they can frame it in a `` see , immigrants/muslims do n't respect gay rights ! '', 
  light . 
  they 're dead silent all the other times . 
  do you expect that said rhetorical question will in any shape or form convince anyone that we * should n't * sanction russia over such interference ? 
  did you imagine this conversation would go like ; `` we should sanction russia because they interfere in our politics ! '', 
  `` well , that 's just what intelligence agencies do for their countries . '', 
  i guess that 's okay then . '', 
   after all it 's purely an us-russia issue . 
  it 's not . 
  because even if crimea was returned to ukraine ; russia 's still been interfering with european politics just as it has with the us . 
   now you 're saying my views are meaningless no , i 'm telling you that if your views are so nebulous as to change simply because you do n't like what someone says on the internet ; which is exactly what we should conclude based purely on what you have said about yours ; then your views hold no substance to begin with and are therefore meaningless . 
  i 'm not telling you to shut up . 
  i 'm telling you to man the fuck up and either a ) admit that you already held these views and are just using us as a crutch to justify them ; or b ) stick more to your views instead of letting them be changed so ridiculously easy by people being mean to you on the internet . 
  there is no way that anyone can respect your views if you do n't feel confident enough to * own * those views in the first place . 
  if instead you blame having those views on other people supposedly being mean to you to you on the internet ; well , there 's really only one way people can look at you as a result . 
  and you 'd probably only complain even more about people being mean to you on the internet as a result . 
  yes . 
  and that 's putting it mildly .
