  we saw immigration from eastern european states following them joining the eu because these people were living in poor countries with little job prospects . 
  however , in this situation , we 're dealing with the fact that majority of the immigrants would receive citizenship in wealthy , western and northern european countries . 
  it is a completely different situation . 
  and in a few years , they 'll be settled into whatever country they get citizenship in . 
  while some may choose to immigrate to the uk ; the vast majority would not . 
  so let 's not pretend you 'll suddenly be flooded with millions of people because them getting citizenship would magically trigger another mass migration wave . 
   it 's like seeing a family member join a cult or start drugs . 
  i would imagine it 's more like seeing the alcoholic uncle who used to beat you get drunk ... yet again . 
  okay , so let 's see , you 're going to go with ... * the ex-party members who do n't actually exist , as the only member of the party is geert wilders . 
  you mean the ex fractieleden whom he appointed to sit in the 2e kamer . 
  * the ex fractieleden who * never said * any such thing as ` russia provided no money ' , or ` only groups in the us and israel supplied money ' ( knowing some donations came from the us or israel in no way gives credence to the notion that no money could 've come from russia ) . 
  * the ex fractieleden who indeed never had any definitive ability or power to determine where the money came from since only members of a political party may call for a breakdown of party finances so long as said party is n't subsidized by government money ; and who were thus reliant solely upon whatever information wilders or those donating money to the party made known to them . 
  * the ex fractieleden who departed years before the whole situation with ukraine and crimea , and thus would have absolutely zero insight into anything regarding * current * financing that may or may not come out of russia , unless you are of the incomprehensible opinion that russia would be able to finance the pvv only if it already financed it in the past . 
  ... do they not teach critical thinking skills in our schools anymore ? 
  the reason there 's no proof is the same reason why we do n't actually know for certain that the pvv gets donation from the us and israel beyond the claims of ex party membersl : because wilders has always refused to reveal the sources of his party 's financing . 
  it seems incredibly naive to me to think that the pvv , which has been shown to vote in russia 's interests in the eu parliament far more often than * any other european party * , is not being influenced by russia at all . 
  incidentally , when trying to argue that wilders does n't get money from russia on the basis of testimonies showing he gets money from other sources instead ( although i do n't see why testimony that he gets financing from the us and israel somehow means he ca n't also simultaneously receive financing from russia ) ; you might want to show sources more recent than 2012 ( especially given that it is n't until well after 2012 that russia would 've had a strategic interest in financing parties like the pvv ) . 
   i think the us is trying to say that geenstijl is a russian conspiracy . 
  that 's not what they 're saying . 
  they 're saying that some arguments deployed in favor of the referendum closely resemble known russian propaganda talking points . 
  which is pretty damn apparant . 
  now it may simply be that the supporters are copying those talking points entirely on their own accord . 
  however , it 's quite plausible that there 's more direct influence . 
  that would n't mean geenstijl is a russian conspiracy ; it would more likely be a case of influential voices receiving a sudden influx of money ; or even more likely , a campaign with dedicated propagandist accounts trawling the dutch internet for references to the referendum and commenting on articles and forums whilst drawing from a particular set of talking points . 
  we already know russia has done this before on other issues with some success at influencing the public debate that way . 
  i do n't see any reason why they would n't do it again . 
  despite living in brazil , you have a british flair . 
  surely you know what the weather is like over here . 
  then you 're an owls ` chick !, 
  perhaps . 
  still , i remain skeptical . 
  i do n't really buy this , to be honest . 
  i learned english phonetically ( from the tv ) first , and only learned to read it later on . 
  i do n't have any trouble distinguishing between their and they 're . 
  i do n't think the order in which you learned a language is all that relevant in this sort of thing , but rather the degree to which you engage in reading and writing the language in general . 
  itsh de pieple dat sei tings like ` yesh , ve spiek rock good inglish ' dat arr de problem . 
   if you 're unwilling to accept this point simply because a fascist nation was included in a list of examples , that 's really a problem with you , not me . 
  speaking of points . 
  one just repeatedly went over your head . 
   do you not learn this in school ? 
  it was my understanding wwii was covered in virtually all curriculums in western nations . 
  there is a difference between knowing what happened during ww2 and * remembering * it . 
  the latter requires you to have been there . 
   no , they really would n't . 
  especially if there was an armed resistance who hid in the civilian population and launched attacks against their people and military . 
  yeah , i 'm totally going to take the word of a random internet commenter over pretty much every international human rights watchdog group in existence . 
   i actually gave 4 examples . 
  did you just stop reading the comment after you read a single example ? 
  you could give 400 examples . 
  does n't change the fact that you genuinely thought it was a good idea to justify israel 's actions by quite literally saying `` well , the nazi 's did it too ! '' . 
  after such a fuck-up , the laughter will drown out any other examples you care to give . 
   ok , thank you . 
  that 's a clear explanation . 
  w-what ? 
  you were supposed to escalate this fight further !, 
  not thank me and sound reasonable !, 
  that aside , i do blame geenstijl . 
  and i do think people need to vote on the issue itself and not stuff only tangentially related to it ; and that more people do n't do that , the less useful the referendum mechanism becomes . 
  it 's been explained more than adequately . 
  i do n't know how i can make it any simpler for you to understand : the vote is about whether or not we want the eu to sign the agreement with ukaine . 
  period . 
  that is what the text of the referendum asks you to decide on . 
  if you decide your answer based on internal dutch politics or whether you like the eu or not ... then you are by definition * subverting * the referendum because you are turning it into a vote about something it 's not about . 
  it 's like if i were filling in my taxes and in a moment of insanity ca n't figure out whether or not 1 +1 = 2 , so i ask you for the answer . 
  you could decide that you think i 'm an asshole , and base your answer on the fact you want to see me suffer . 
  but you 'd be subverting the question ( not to mention basic calculus ) in the process . 
  ... are you seriously asking how taking a referendum vote about whether or not we should sign a treaty with ukraine , and trying to make it into a vote about whether we like the eu or our internal politics , is subverting the democratic process ? 
  seriously . 
  this fucking planet man . 
  are you seriously asking how subverting the democratic process in order to achieve your personal goals harms said democratic process ? 
  seriously . 
  this fucking planet man . 
   so a referendum about the eu expanding its sphere of influence is not about the eu ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  it 's not a vote about whether or not you like the eu , no . 
  it 's about whether or not you think we should enter into the treaty with ukraine . 
  do n't make it about anything else . 
  doing so * does * harm our democratic institutions by subverting them for your own purposes . 
  short term ? 
  the economic crisis . 
  when looking at the longer term , demographic changes undoubtedly have something to do with it . 
  people of foreign descent are a lot more visible today than they were even just thirty years ago . 
  subconsciously ( or in the case of some people , consciously ) , these people are still seen by many as `` other '' . 
  this is an innate response with evolutionary underpinnings . 
  one negative consequence of it is that , thanks to other things like the negativity bias , the more visible a group is the more likely we 're to think poorly of them . 
  so long as they keep to themselves or assimilate so well that we do n't notice them , we tend not to be bothered by their presence . 
  think of the chinese community , which despite popular belief is actually far less integrated than for instance the turkish community . 
  but their public profile is a much lower . 
  they keep to themselves , they do n't make waves , they sell us bami or friet , etc etc. 
  subconsciously , we think of them as ` rightly ' ( again , an evolutionary thing ) lowering themselves on the social ladder to us natives . 
  moroccans and turks on the other hand , we might subconsciously view as being ` uppity ' , putting on airs , the ` others ' that are ` invading ' . 
  simply because we see more of them . 
  on the streets , in our schools , on tv . 
  they 're visible . 
  and that 's all that 's needed for us to feel uncomfortable with their presence . 
  i have little doubt that if we could map the ` visibility ' of these groups with the popularity of parties like the pvv and the lpf before it , there 'd be a correlation over time . 
   they manipulate rational fears in an irresponsible manner ; i will concede that much , but the statement that wilders is anti-islam and not anti-muslim is correct . 
  among other things , he wants there to be a full stop on immigration from muslim-majority countries . 
  when someone holds a view like that , the question of whether or not he 's doing it because he 's anti-islam or anti-muslim is irrelevant ; they 're the * same damn thing * . 
  if there 's no actual difference in your treatment of a group depending on whether or not you hate the people in it or just disagree with the thing they 're grouped around ... then who the hell cares what you base your treatment on ?
