  greenland is n't part of denmark though . 
  it 's a constituent country of the kingdom of denmark , which is different from being part of the * country * of denmark . 
  and the south georgia islands , like all british overseas territories , are * not * part of the united kingdom . 
  saba , sint eustatius and bonaire on the other hand * are * part of the country of the netherlands , while aruba , cura\u00e7ao , and sint maarten are constituent countries of the * kingdom * of the netherlands . 
  greenland is not part of denmark the country ; it 's a part of the kingdom . 
  therefore it does n't count , while saba should . 
  saba is not a constituent country of the netherlands . 
  saba is a municipiality ( gemeente ) of the netherlands . 
  it is an integral part of the country . 
  meanwhile , greenland actually is a constituent country of the kingdom of denmark . 
  the vaalserberg is wrong for the netherlands ( as i love pointing out to my countrymen who still think this ) . 
  it 's actually [ mount scenery ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vzjuugt.jpg ) at 887 meters . 
  this has been the case since 2010 when saba became a special municipiality of the netherlands . 
  vaalserberg would have been correct if the title was something like : `` highest point within the european part of european countries '', 
  that 's not our highest point anymore . 
  since 2010 , the highest point in the netherlands is [ mt.scenery ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f9/saba_with_cloud_cover.jpg/1200px-saba_with_cloud_cover.jpg ) . 
  that year , saba became a special municipiality of the netherlands . 
  so our highest point is 887 meters . 
   maybe your dutch is n't that good ? 
  wow . 
  which does not imply that dutch comes from german . 
   v\u00f3\u00f3r de 19de eeuw was nederduits synomiem met nederlands . 
  which again , does not imply that dutch comes from german . 
  again ; please see my explanation elsewhere in this topic on the etymology and meaning of diets/duits . 
  it comes from the old germanic theudisk , which means ` of the people ' . 
  it does not refer to german specifically . 
  the english used to refer to their language the same way . 
  nederduits did/does * not * mean `` the dutch version of german '' as you seem to be implying ( something the article itself also touches upon ) . 
  duits/diets/variations simply meant ` the language of the people ' ( specifically , the various germanic peoples ) . 
  prefacing it with neder would just have been a way to clarify . 
  it is only from a modern perspective ( one ignorant of historical context ) that confusion arises . 
  today , duits exclusively refers to germans . 
  but this is a very recent thing . 
  a hollander from 1500 referring to his language as diets or duits would not have meant german , and this confusion would not have existed . 
   do you really deny that there 's some sort of dialect continuum and therefore similar cultures ? 
  i do not . 
  but that is not the result ; as so often believed ; of the dutch language and culture deriving from german . 
  it 's not that different from how similar the dutch and english languages still are , despite being completely separate languages . 
  german and dutch have additionally not been separated by the channel , and there 's been a fair bit of back and forth with the language borders before the rise of nationstates . 
   i define culture mostly by language , if you have any better definition , let me know . 
  language is only one small part of what makes a culture . 
  culture is the sum total of everything that is transmitted through social learning . 
  that includes language , but also things like religion , dance , music , etiquette , and social customs among many other things . 
  dutch culture shares certain things in common with german culture ... but we also share a lot with the cultures of other european countries , especially england and france . 
  we are not an offshoot of any of these cultures , we 're very much our own culture ; that has been influenced by the cultures around it and in turn influenced them . 
   he difference between the language spoken in groningen and leer that 's because they 're both part of frisia . 
  east-frisia was essentially part of the historic region of the netherlands until it fell to prussia . 
   the same thing happened further south with maastricht and aachen ( aken ) limburg has been part of the netherlands for a shorter period than some of our carribean islands , so that 'd hardly be surprising . 
  especially given aachen was basically a stone 's throw away from the duchy 's borders . 
   even your own wiki says so i 'm not sure what you think this says that contradicts what i 'm saying ; it makes very clear that nederduits does * not * and did not mean ` dutch-german ' , but simply explains that the term derives from the ancient term for the language of the people ; in another post somewhere on this thread i already explained why this should not be taken as an indication of dutch meaning german or any such thing . 
   i wonder why it 's always the dutch who come up with those stories and never the belgians who arguably suffered worse . 
  because the occupation regime of belgium did not mass-confiscate bicycles for regime use like that of the netherlands . 
  also the belgians did * not * suffer worse . 
  belgium suffered an estimated 88,000 casualties over the course of the war . 
  that includes both civilian and military . 
  1.05 % of the population . 
  the netherlands suffered an estimated 210,000 casualties . 
  2.41 % of the population . 
  do you * honestly * not understand how some of us might get upset with germans * genuinely * believing/acting as if we 're basically just ` some kind of german ' , and ignoring the fact we 've had our own language and culture for far longer than germany has even existed ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  it 's fine to play around with `` swamp-germans '' and `` mountain-germans '' or what not . 
  that 's all in good fun . 
  but it 's insulting and frustrating when people actually confuse that for reality and dismiss actual history in favor for notions that simply are n't true . 
  that was a mistype ; i was referring to the absurd claim that dutch is no more different from german than low german is from german . 
  not that i expect explaining that matters much , since you seem inclined to dismiss facts as ` incoherent rambling ' when they conflict with the unfortunately all too common ( and mistaken ) german belief that we 're just a lite-version of germans or something . 
  a belief that totally does n't have a very disturbing history attached to it or anything / s. 
   even you guys considered yourself german . 
  we did n't . 
   the dutch reformed church in south africa still calls itself low german reformed church no , it refers to itself as nederduitsch . 
  which is not the same as low german . 
   the word dutch originally also meant ` german ' . 
  this is a common mistake . 
  in the middle-dutch period ( from the middle of the 12th century onward to the 15th century ) , the dutch language was referred to as dietsch ( or variant spellings ) . 
  this is not a reference to the german language as is commonly misunderstood , but is in fact derived from the old germanic word theudisk , which means ` of the people ' . 
  it is not specific to germans , it was used throughout western europe to describe the language of the locals rather than that of the romans . 
  the anglo-saxons of england used a similarly derived word for themselves until they replaced it with englisc/aenglisc . 
  at that point , the rest of us on the contintent still used our separate variations of theudisk to describe ourselves . 
  then the term ` dutch ' comes into existence in the english language , which very quickly exclusively referred to the people of the low countries , not the germans ( who were , after all , referred to as german ) . 
  dutch has never meant ` german ' , though there has been confusion at various times ( the pennsylvania dutch being the best example of this ... referring to themselves as deutsch easily led to the english settlers confusing them for dutch . 
   also the dutch language is n't any more different form german than low german ( which was also spoken in large parts of the netherlands ) , probably even less so . 
  this demonstrates a complete lack of understanding as to the linguistic evolution of the two languages . 
  dutch evolved out of low old franconian , which is thought to have evolved out of istvaeonic . 
  low german is derived from old saxon , which in turn derives from ingvaeonic . 
  german is more of a hodgepodge that began with the high german consonant shift . 
  low german and dutch are relatively similar because neither of them underwent the consonant shift and because old frisian , which comes from the same ingvaeonic as old saxon once covered much of the netherlands and has had ample influence on the dutch language . 
  to state that low german is no more different from german than dutch , that 's just absurd . 
  once you start seeing clear political borders evolve in europe , you also start seeing clearer language borders , and greater divergence . 
  there 's a reason dutch is n't spoken in france anymore , for example . 
  just because dutch and german share many words and features , does * not * mean that one is just a variation of the other . 
  they share a common ancestor , but have been fully separate languages for some 1200 to 1600 years . 
  not really . 
  austrians speak a german dialect which is only a few centuries old . 
  dutch is an entirely separate langage which is derived from old franconian , which in turn comes from an ancestor language that also gave rise to what would eventually become german . 
  you have to go to back at least 1600 years for people from modern-day germany and the netherlands to speak the same language ( and they 'd be speaking different dialects even then ) . 
  then there 's the fact that austria as an entity distinctly its own has its beginnings with the habsburg and the reformation , but even then remained an integral part of what was considered ` germany ' ; so much so that in the 19th century , the struggles for dominance between prussia and austria were referred to as german dualism , with both seeking to be considered the legitimate leaders of the german people . 
  and from that period right up until ww2 , there were constant talks of ` reunification ' , austria joining a greater germany and so on . 
  there has never been that kind of mentality among the dutch people , who have never truly seen themselves as german ; or at least not for a very , very long time . 
  this is because the notion of the dutch as their own separate culture/people dates back much farther ; with its earliest seeds sown with the rise of the salian franks and the merovingian dynasty ( both the salian franks and the merovingians were from the netherlands ) in the 5th century . 
  the frankish leadership goes on to conquer gaul and they start to culturally/linguistically change , becoming what would eventually evolve into ` french ' , while those staying behind in the low countries do not . 
  at the same time , there 's divergence going on with east-francia ( germany ) too .
