  people from flanders * did * refer to themselves as diets ( which is where the term dutch comes from ) same as the people in the north . 
  the eu most definitely * is * a family . 
  sometimes it 's a dysfunctional one , but most of us see our fellow europeans as part of the same family . 
  it is a damn shame the uk thinks of itself as being separate from that family . 
  because a lot of what we import gets processed before re-export . 
  value is added . 
   rotterdam makes 0.5 billion a year the * company * that * operates * the port of rotterdam makes that . 
  it does n't own the goods that come through the port . 
  you 're just talking about things like docking fees and maybe warehouse rent depending on how much of the ground is owned by the port . 
   hamburg , which is 2nd biggest port in europe . 
  3rd biggest , actually . 
  antwerp is bigger . 
   i am not sure if it makes much sense to direct it to germany through netherlands . 
  it does . 
  hamburg is substantially smaller than rotterdam ( rotterdam handles like 4 times as much cargo ) . 
  and the latter is much better connected to the industrial heartland of germany . 
   incorrect , he could n't afford to invade whilst the french army was on his doorstep the fuck ? 
  he did invade while the french army was on the doorstep . 
  the republic was already preparing to wage war on france in the war of the grand alliance ; which france was publically aware . 
   and could only do so when louis fell out with austria over a religious matter in cologne . 
  cologne is on our doorstep . 
   there was a guarantee that the french would n't invade . 
  no , there really was n't . 
  nobody believed there was such a guarantee . 
  we know this from dutch correspondence at the time ; making it very clear that a french invasion was deemed plausible . 
   william may have been preparing but he was n't going to move without some indication that parliament would accept him keep telling yourself that . 
  i 'll take the word of established historical experts on the period instead . 
   and many nobles declaring for william whilst james was still in london with his privy counsel . 
  and doing fuck-all about it . 
  they did nothing to help . 
  they just sat and wait . 
   glossing over the strength of james ' forces of about 30,000 men which we know william considered to be inferior ; and rightly so . 
  william 's forces consisted of professional veterans . 
  james ' forces did not . 
  we know from his own correspondence that william fully expected that if it came to blows , he was confident that he 'd win any engagement even if outnumbered . 
   and of course , that the royal navy was larger than the dutch equivalent . 
  which is irrelevant if the dutch army has already landed on your shores without your navy being able to stop it . 
  it 's also not true ; the dutch navy was bigger than the english navy at the time . 
  the latter had only 59 ships of the line versus 70 ships of the line for the republic . 
  and only 15 of the english ships were even out at sea at the time because the rest were being repaired/outfitted . 
  in fact , the only reason the english navy was bigger than the dutch navy in the years after was because william ordered a massive shipbuilding program . 
   but to think we have a bunch of commonly used negative sayings about the dutch is ridiculous . 
  going dutch . 
  double dutch . 
  dutch courage . 
  dutch wife . 
  dutch uncle . 
  dutch treat . 
  a dutch roll . 
  dutch oven . 
  dutch agreement . 
  taking a dutch leave . 
  to name just a few . 
  some might be less common now than they used to be ; but to say that some of these are n't used in common parlance is disingeneous , and the existence of all of them clearly indicates there used to be a fierce rivalry . 
  i think we 're pretty much done discussing this . 
  i suggest you look into historical works on the subject of the glorious revolution by the likes of jonathan israel or lisa jardine . 
   action and zeeman alone contributed 5 billion to that . 
  no they do n't ; they 're international chains . 
  money made outside of the netherlands by dutch companies does n't count for dutch gdp . 
  if it did , our gdp would be massively higher . 
  shell alone would be like 2 thirds of our gdp ; which is clearly absurd . 
   companies such as action , wibra and zeeman contribute a massive share to your gdp . 
  uhm . 
  they really do n't . 
  wibra is a small chain , while action and zeeman are n't especially big either . 
  even if you add up all three they 'd still be only a fraction the size of companies like ahold ; which itself represents only a fraction of dutch gdp . 
  manufacturing only represents 18.8 % of dutch gdp ; and is primarily high-tech . 
  the cheap stuff you 're describing wo n't be a large chunk of manufacturing itself . 
  i 'm not sure how it works in belgium , but for something to be considered a `` massive '' share of our gdp , it probably has to account for more than < 0.5 %, 
   he was n't going to invade regardless considering the french army on his doorstep . 
  oh boy are you ever uninformed . 
  the french army on his doorstep was * precisely * why he invaded in the first place . 
  the glorious crossing involved a very large force of arms ; which left the republic itself dangerously vulnerable . 
  but this was considered a necessary risk to in order to secure the alliance with england which in turn would discourage france from invading the republic . 
  there was absolutely no guarantee that the french would not invade as soon as they heard of the crossing ; and we know this was a serious fear among republic planners . 
  if the republic was n't going to invade because of the french on their doorstep , then they would n't have done so with or without an english invitation . 
   you 've missed up your timings , william had plans but not preparations before he had that letter . 
  only after he received it did he start to lay the groundwork . 
  whatever keeps your precious english pride intact i suppose . 
  the plan to invade england already existed in 1687 , and serious preparations began in * april * of 1688 ; despite the letter only being received on june 30th . 
   and which somehow managed to both persuade people before he brought it over and persuade me 300 years later . 
  it did n't . 
  the seven were not at all representative of the mood at the time ; and acted on their own . 
  and we know that public support for james was actually still high despite later propaganda attempts to paint an image of unanimous support for william . 
  not to mention , it 's kind of impossible to have truly believed it was not an invasion force given that london was occupied by a dutch army with a strength of 20,000 soldiers and 1700 cannons and the size of the invasion fleet made the spanish armada look like an amateur 's day out with the yacht . 
  the reason why it has persuaded you , as it has so many modern englishmen , is because of simple national pride . 
  you guys have invented the myth of an england that is separate from the continent , and which has proudly gone invasion-free for a thousand years . 
  it 's what 's taught in your schools . 
  never mind what the actual historians have to say on the matter ; what matters is that you all feel good about your history . 
   the dutch were n't british rivals another ridiculous notion . 
  yes , the dutch and british were rivals . 
  you do n't understand this because compared to the rivalry with france it has n't endured into more modern times ; however the existence of the rivalry is very obvious both if you read what people of the age actually had to say about the matter , and if you 'd bother to take even a cursory glance at your own language . 
  look at how many negative phrases and sayings exist in the english about the dutch ; which have now passed over into general use . 
  that is * not * the sort of thing that happens if there does n't exist a fierce rivalry for a time . 
   and i would n't say conquered by the dutch was accurate either . 
  of course you would n't . 
  but that is the only accurate way to describe a foreign army occupying your capital . 
   william was co-monarch with his wife mary ii ( daughter of james ii/vii ) ignoring the fact that parliament thought they could away with naming him nothing more than regent . 
  william threathened them , and they were forced to comply and actually name him monarch . 
   and william did n't rule in his own right .
