  matthew 15:3 and let 's not forget  and he said unto them , unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of god : but unto them that are without , all these things are done in parables : that seeing they may see , and not perceive ; and hearing they may hear , and not understand ; lest at any time they should be converted , and their sins should be forgiven them . 
  mark 4:11 yup . 
  that 's jesus revealing that he deliberately obfuscates shit * because he does n't want people to be forgiven . 
  * talk about a stacked deck . 
   it 's clear that follower of the christian faith ca n't start killing non believers while jesus christ himself was against it . 
  neither of the passages you quoted establishes this as a hard rule ( and as we 've seen , other things jesus has said appear to contradict them ) . 
   sure , christians believe that god will give unto every one of us according to our works on judgement day , you may do n't care but this is one of the reason why it 's not okay with christians to judge ( i will not even mention slaughtering ) other people 's sins , because it 's up to god to judge , not up to men . 
  perhaps they should stop judging everyone all the time , then . 
  that aside , what you 're actually saying is that the christians whose views and interpretations happen to coincide with your own believe this . 
  because it is most certainly not true for all christians ; and they have just as many bible passages and just as many arguments to support their interpretation as you do yours . 
   p.s really , it 's kinda hard to say that jesus christ advocated to kill non believers , when he was asking for mercy for non believers who crucified him . 
  it 's also really hard to take this faith thing very seriously when not even jesus himself could not keep it up in the end . 
   and about the ninth hour jesus cried with a loud voice , saying , eli , eli , lama sabachthani ? 
  that is to say , ** my god , my god , why hast thou forsaken me ? 
  the bible consists of more than just what jesus said . 
  the old testament in particular is full of violence against heretics and pagans either ordered by god , or personally committed by god . 
  that is the same god of the new testament . 
  the old testament is n't something that christians can pretend does n't exist when it does n't suit them . 
  god repeatedly tells them that the laws brought down in the ot ( that includes all that stuff about killing people ) are eternal . 
  jesus never overturned these laws ( and even if he did , he 'd be contradicting god by doing so ) , but does state that they are still binding . 
  besides jesus , there 's another person in the nt who ` se arguably more important for the shape of christianity . 
  and that is paul . 
  paul explicitly claims vast swaths of people are deserving of death in romans 1:20 -32 , including homosexuals , people who debate things , inventors , people who hate god , kids who disobey their parents , and people who gossip . 
  jesus meanwhile , prefers to let others do his dirty work for him :  then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done , because they repented not : `` woe unto thee , chorazin !, 
  `` and thou , capernaum ... shalt be brought down to hell ... it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee . '', 
  woe unto thee , chorazin !, 
  for if the mighty works , which were done in you , had been done in tyre and sidon , they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes . 
  but i say unto you , it shall be more tolerable for tyre and sidon at the day of judgment , than for you . 
  and thou , capernaum , which art exalted unto heaven , shalt be brought down to hell : for if the mighty works , which have been done in thee , had been done in sodom , it would have remained until this day . 
  but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee . '', 
  ( matthew 11:20 -24 ) so while he generally does n't rush out to go and do it himself , jesus condemns pagans to a horrible fate because they did n't believe him . 
  in fact , the new testament is full of places where jesus seems to gloat on the destruction and suffering god will supposedly bring to unbelievers and heretics . 
  then there 's this nugget :  notwithstanding i have a few things against thee , because thou sufferest that woman jezebel , which calleth herself a prophetess , to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication , and to eat things sacrificed unto idols . 
  and i gave her space to repent of her fornication ; and she repented not . 
  behold , i will cast her into a bed , and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation , except they repent of their deeds . 
  ** and i will kill her children with death ** ; and all the churches shall know that am he which searcheth the reins and hearts : and i will give unto every one of you according to your works . 
  ( revelation 2:20 -23 ) jesus was no saint . 
   aww , does the little dutchman is this supposed to make me feel mildly insulted ? 
  because trying to insult someone by commenting on his height and then attaching his nationality to it does n't make a whole lot of sense when said nationality happens to be the tallest nationality in the world . 
  instead of making me feel mildly insulted , it leaves me mildly confused . 
  perhaps you should refer to me as `` freakish giant '' instead . 
  although i suppose pointing attention to the fact you yourself are small is n't very intimidating . 
  oh wait ... was that what you were going for ? 
  intimidation factor ? 
  clever girl . 
   modern civilisation is the product of the mid to late 1800s ; a very christian era . 
  actually , modern civilization is the product of a successive series of eras building upon each other . 
  if we are to assign dates however , like historians everywhere , we would not start with the mid to late 1800 's ... ... but rather with the renaissance ; universally regarded as the start of the modern era . 
  the renaissance , of course , is characterized by progressive thought expressed through science , art , literature , music , and architecture . 
  this expression frequently ran counter to the established christian climate of the day . 
  of course , this clash between conservatism and progressivism can even be seen in the christian life you wish to credit everything with ; as this period saw massive death and destruction waged between the forces of those wanting to reform christianity and those that thought everything was fine the way it was . 
  following the earliest expressions of the renaissance and reformation , we move into the scientific revolution that truly picked up steam during the 17th century . 
  it hardly needs mention that many works and advances of science in this age were not met with the approval of christian authorities . 
  unsurprising , considering this is when we started to figure out that maybe god was n't particularly necessary to explain many of the things we used to wave away with ` goddidit ' . 
  following the start of the scientific revolution , we move into the age of enlightenment , with a blossoming of philosophical and political thought centered around ideas that explicitly ( and often purposefully ) undermined the power and authority of monarchs and the church . 
  this period , building on the advances of the preceding two eras , more than any other can be seen as the basis of modern civilization . 
  it is what led to the rise and/prominence of modern democracy , nation-states , capitalism , the public sphere open debates therewithin , widespread literacy , modern scientific institutions , universal education , and on and on . 
  it is following the age of enlightenment that we reach into the year 1800 , the start of the age of romanticism , a reactionary period . 
  periods of progressivism are , as is well established , almost always followed by periods of reactionary conservatism trying to push back and even reverse things ( which they inevitably fail to do to the extent they 'd like ) . 
  the age of romanticism is brief , but not exactly conservative in nature however . 
  it pushes back not against the progressivism of the age of enlightenment , but against the principles of reason that it espoused ; and pushes individuality and idealism over pragmatism and rationality . 
  with the age of romanticism coming to an end , we finally reach the mid 18th century , the victorian era , which you so erroneously proclaimed produced our civilization when it so clearly did not . 
  the victorian era flips the values of the age of romanticism around . 
  it pushes back not against reason and science , which it rather embraces , but against what it saw as the immorality of the age of romanticism . 
  an overemphasis is placed on propriety ( with predictable results ) . 
  it is not this era 's christian propriety that has a lasting impact on western civilization however , but its scientific advances , the agricultural and industrial revolutions made possible by them , and the explosion in population that resulted . 
  oh ... but you did n't want an indepth examination of modern western civilization 's formative years . 
  you just wanted to make a trite comment suggesting that because people in the 19th century were supposedly very christian ( let 's not forget though , that the 19th century was also when secularism started to become mainstream in european politics ) ; that therefore that ... takes precedence over progressive causes and influences on civilization ? 
  sorry to dissappoint . 
   you do n't understand why that makes you sound hostile ? 
  `` magical zombie jew '' is very condescending . 
  statements concerning reality are often seen as condescending by those seeking to escape it . 
  i fail to see how that 's my problem . 
   you exhibit a fundamental lack of respect for other viewpoints . 
  hence my likening you to a fundie since religious fundamentalists certainly do not respect other viewpoints either . 
  which just once again shows you do n't know what the words you 're using actually * mean * . 
  first , you claim i have a * fundamental * lack of respect for other viewpoints ... which shows you do n't understand the meaning of the word fundamental . 
  no , you can not claim that someone has a fundamental lack of respect for other viewpoints simply because they do not respect * one * viewpoint . 
  there are plenty of viewpoints other than my own that i respect . 
  it just so happens that yours is n't one of them . 
  and yes , i suppose if it were true that i have a fundamental lack of respect for other viewpoints , then i 'd have that in common with fundamentalists ( apart from the fact , i suppose , that i have paradoxically met a fair number of fundamentalists who do in fact respect other people 's point of view , but let 's ignore that ) . 
  which is about as relevant a commonality as the fact that the fundamentalist and i both have a need to breathe air . 
  the one and only definition of a fundamentalist is someone who has a strict and unyielding adherence to the literal interpretation of religious texts and/or a basic set of principles and ideas . 
  neither of which even remotely applies to me . 
  there 's also , finally , the irony to be found in the fact that everything you 've said , applies to yourself just as much as it does to me . 
  you do n't seem to show much respect for viewpoints other than your own and you come across as condescending in the way you make snap value judgements of other people based on nothing more than a post or two . 
  something about stones and glass houses . 
  this simply is n't true . 
  like with everything else in the bible , it contradicts itself repeatedly . 
  while there are verses in the nt that could be interpreted as suggesting you do n't have to follow ot laws ; there are others that do the exact opposite . 
  and there certainly are n't any verses that make it explicitly true that you do n't have to follow ot laws except for the 10 commandments . 
   think not that i am come to destroy the law , or the prophets : i am not come to destroy , but to fulfil . 
  for verily i say unto you , till heaven and earth pass , one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law , till all be fulfilled . 
  whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments , and shall teach men so , he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven : but whosoever shall do and teach them , the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven . 
  ( matthew 5:17 -19 )  and it is easier for heaven and earth to pass , than one tittle of the law to fail . 
  ( luke 16:17 ) but even assuming that the nt * did * make it as clear as you 're implying ; this would accomplish little except prove that either a ) god does n't keep his word and does n't know what the hell he wants ( because he repeatedly states in the ot the laws and rules he delivers are supposed to be for all time . ), 
  or b ) jesus is a fraud because he contradicts god . 
  oh , and if it were christians are supposed to be following the 10 commandments , then they kind of fucked that one up when they decided to break the 2nd commandment en masse . 
   it also has the opposite nonethelesss . 
  which kind of makes it pointless as an authoritative source .
