  it 's the oldest university in the country too and tends to high in international rankings . 
  i do believe its been ranked lower in recent years though , with the university of wageningen ranked highest now . 
  also , tu delft has a reputation akin to that of mit . 
   well that 's a bit wrong . 
  west frisia was not part of holland , but part of ` the states of holland and west frisia ' . 
  you 're getting confused with the ruling council of holland , which was indeed called that ( the word ` states ' , just as with the states-general , did n't refer to the provinces themselves ) . 
  you mean the gewest of holland and west friesland ( which was usually just called the gewest of holland ) . 
  also , important to note for those reading that the war with west-frisia was n't part of the day we 're talking about at all . 
  we 're talking about the period after 1581 here when it comes to the admiralties , whereas the west-frisian war was concluded in 1297 . 
  however , even back then west-frisia never extended as far south as you 're implying . 
  alkmaar for instance was firmly part of holland . 
  after being subjugated , west friesland became a lordship under the rule of the counts of holland . 
  you could argue that it therefore was n't part of holland and its own separate thing , but that distinction was pretty much gone by the time of the republic . 
  west-frisia was most certainly considered a part of holland . 
  the name `` the states of holland and west frisia '' had become an anachronism at that point . 
  the northern quarter exists primarily because representatives of various cities north of the ij were cut off from the hague after the fall of haarlem during the revolt , and started organizing amongst themselves . 
  they referred to themselves as the committee councils of the northern quarter and west frisia , which then yes , led to growing a desire for an independent province . 
  it is * not * however because it was feared holland would have too much power that they decided to work together instead , but because independence proved financially impractical . 
  also , this independence desire is completely irrelevant since it only became an issue towards the end of the republic . 
   de zuyderzee was n't worth having a fleet for , though . 
  you * do * know that amsterdam was located on the zuyderzee , right ? 
  it was n't directly connected to the north sea ; ships had to pass through the zuyderzee to get there . 
  in fact , the same was true for the admiralty of the northern quarter ; which the ship in the op came from . 
  it 's not as if the admiralties only protected their own coasts . 
  there 's little practical reason why some of the other provinces could not have operated their own admiralties . 
  that they did not comes down to the vaguaries of politics and history . 
  overijssel and groningen would 've been in an ideal position for an admiralty ; but since the naval involvement in the revolt was limited for these areas , they were not assigned an admiralty by the states-general , and they would likely not have been particularly interested themselves so long as the other admiralties protected their trade interests ; having an admiralty would mean they 'd have to spend money for something they were already getting for free , after all . 
   gelre had more important stuff to do , like fighting spanish , french , and german invasion forces every goddamn time . 
  that 's what staats-brabant was for . 
  but yes , gelre was not an ideal province for an admiralty . 
  i 'm not even sure it would 've had a suitable port . 
  harderwijk is the only place that comes to mind , but i do n't know what the situation was like back then . 
  utrecht would 've been in an even worse position , geographically . 
  you do realize that athens had already been continuously inhabited for at least 3000 years by the time the shang dynasty begins , right ? 
  uhm , all of the seven provinces during the dutch republic were along the sea , though ; we have a zuyderzee , remember . 
  the only area that did not have access to the sea was drenthe , which was too poor to be considered one of the 7 provinces . 
  only 3 provinces out of the 7 had admiralties . 
  except china and india are not , contrary to the popular image , part of some cultural continuity that objectively stretches back for a significantly longer period back than certain european cultures . 
  cultures have risen and fallen in the indian subcontinent and what today call china for thousands of years ; following the same sort of patterns as in europe . 
  indians have no more connection to harappa than britons do to the people who built stonehenge . 
   but that is using the most basic idea of free will . 
  no , that is using * any * idea of free will . 
  compatibilism tries to define free will as someone acting on their own motivation will . 
  which still falls to the same problem because an all-knowing/all-powerful god would have known even before creation all the things that would ever motivate you towards action and could 've altered creation so as to give you a different set of motivations . 
  you 're still ultimately controlled by the decisions of this god , and the `` free will '' of the compatibilist is ultimately just an illusion . 
   but is generally just taken to mean conditions under which we could judge someone responsible for their actions considering them to act according to their own motivations . 
  which is exactly the problem . 
  that is a perfectly valid thing to do in the case of human society judging its members . 
  but we 're talking about god here . 
  the entity that , if it exists , created us and is ultimately the one who decided all the things we 'll ever do . 
  it is unacceptable , period , for this god to stand in judgement of us . 
  he would be judging us for the things he made us do , and then punishing or rewarding us according to his own standards . 
  actually , there has never been an admiralty called that ; its proper name was the admiraliteit van het noorderkwartier ( admiralty of the northern quarter ) . 
  it was sometimes called the `` admiralty of west frisia and the northern quarter '' ; but it was never just that of west frisia . 
  there were five admiralties in the republic at the time and three in holland . 
  these were the admiralty of rotterdam ( or de maze ) , the admiralty of amsterdam , and that of the northern quarter which was the admiralty of holland north of the ij ( not all of which was part of west-frisia ) . 
  there were also the admiralties of zeeland and friesland . 
  given that 9 of the 10 oldest surviving buildings are in europe , and the 10th is in peru : no , no they ca n't . 
  but ... ... you just defined what it is you believe in , therefore you 're no longer in the `` ietsism '' camp , but in the `` emptyteacupism '' camp . 
  yeah , i kind of missed that . 
  should 've read more closely . 
  i did n't get much sleep last night . 
  you guys still often describe things as old when they 're not , though !, 
   yes but we also thought the ** ancient ** constitution aw how cute , look at them using words they do n't understand !, 
  they 're so adorable when they 're this age . 
  this sort of naivite is exactly what 's wrong with the world today . 
   it seems like no matter how you approach the issue , closing in on the actual reality is impossible . 
  which is demonstrably false . 
  the fact that we 're holding this conversation through the means of a global communications network demonstrates that quite clearly . 
  the technology we 're using proves that reality objectively functions in such a way as to validate the theories and principles behind it . 
  the person who uses logic and science to understand the world around him has closed in on reality to a far greater degree than the person who just shrugs his shoulders and goes `` whatever '' ; and is in a far better position to navigate reality accordingly . 
   you do n't have to be sure about what you believe in , you only need to be sure that you do believe . 
  you can not believe in something you can not even describe beyond `` well it 's something i guess . '' . 
  you do n't have to have a perfect description , but you do need * a * description beyond `` i dunno man '' . 
   now if there 's an actual higher being you 'd imagine they can transcend these axioms we rely on to comprehend the world and do their own `` higher '' things . 
  now why would i not like an answer that basically sounds like the more eloquent answer of a child who gets upset his friend says that his magic power overcame his magic shield because it is infinitely powerful , and returns with the argument that his shield is infinitely +1 powerful . 
  neither logic nor reality works that way ; and it 's a completely self-defeating argument to boot . 
  any argument that tries to claim counter-arguments dont apply because god is above logic and evidence , is an argument for his irrelevance , because at that point you 've made it impossible to actually talk about god in a meaningful way and have just gone the `` well , * my * god 's powerlevel is infinity +1 ! '', 
  route . 
   i wanted to know what do you think about the muslim point of view about god : its ridiculous . 
  where to even start ? 
  * sure , different people can handle different things . 
  that does n't mean that people get the kind of things shoved their way they can handle in anything resembling a fair distribution . 
  * how does the fact a baby gets born into the world and dies 3 hours later constitute anything close to a valid test ? 
  what the fuck would that even test ? 
  * what possible reason could a moral god , or indeed any god , have for some of the dumb-ass rules we find in the bible or quran ? 
  to say nothing of the downright evil ones ? 
  * why should we accept that god is wiser when even based on reading just the various holy texts we have to conclude that he 's either grossly incompetent or * insane * ? 
  plus , you 'd think a wise god could find a way to avoid having his followers kill each other with such frequency . 
   scientific information figuring in the book that could not have been known in the 7th century . 
  this is the sort of nonsense that believers love to propagate but which falls apart on close examination . 
  they 'll tell you that the quran ( or the bible , or the torah , or the whatever ) predicts or describes scientific theory x , but what it turns out to be is always just a vague passage that they 're shoehorning a conclusion into . 
  if they had scientific knowledge that they could n't possibly have ( therefore somehow magically validating the quran ? 
  ) ; then why is it filled with stuff that is clearly scientifically false ? 
  why does it claim the earth does n't move and that the sun and moon revolve around us ? 
  why does it say the stars are lamps and the moon makes its own light ? 
  or that humans were made from clay ? 
  why does it think that sperm comes from somewhere near the spine instead of , you know , the testicles ? 
  why does it get basic math wrong ? 
   but they are generally accepted to show that it is not logically impossible in the way you claim -- provided the premises are acceptable , one of which is free will .
