  there 's genuinely no good reason to be afraid of something that has such low odds of happening to you . 
   do your math you do * your * math . 
  even when you take the current increase in terrorism attacks into account ... the risk to you personally is still negligible at best . 
  at the current level of terrorist activity in france for example ( which is higher than germany ) , the odds for a frenchman to be killed by a terrorist in a given year amount to less than two thousandth of one percent . 
  you 're 27 times more likely to die in a car accident . 
  you claim to be well-educated . 
  in computer sciences no less . 
  that means you * should * be able to understand the numbers . 
  but if you understood the numbers , you would know there 's absolutely no reason for you to be afraid . 
  so why are you letting your fear override your understanding of the numbers ? 
  of the facts ? 
  the similarities between denmark and the netherlands have nothing to do with ancient ethnic links and everything with things like similar conditions and geography . 
  go back in time , switch out the danish population with a chinese one ; and you 'd still say that the netherlands and denmark are eerily similar . 
   by the way , iceland had no large scale communications with the rest of the scandinavians for over a 1000 years , and today they remain so incredibly scandinavian . 
  this is just flat-out nonsense . 
  there 's no such period of isolation in iceland 's history . 
  certainly not a thousand years worth . 
  iceland was settled in the 9th century when the age of settlement began . 
  but even once that ended , immigration from scandinavia continued unabated in the following centuries under first the icelandic commonwealth , and later the kingdom of norway . 
  it is n't really until denmark takes over that iceland becomes more isolated , but immigration would still have taken place throughout much of that period . 
  you have to go back more than 2000 years to find those roots . 
  that 's hardly `` close cousins '' . 
  that 's more like third cousins , twice removed . 
   another country that is a bit in-between is the netherlands . 
  the netherlands is not `` a bit-in '' between with scandinavia though . 
  there were no large norse migrations or conquests here the way there were in england . 
  the netherlands is a mix of frankish , frisian ( who were part of the mass-migrations into england ) , and saxon . 
  the franks and the frisians both originated in the netherlands ; with the saxons migrating into the territories the franks gave up when they migrated to toxandria . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  if only there was some way for me to properly convey to you how much my eyes are rolling right now . 
  thanks for proving my point that these things should n't be left to an uninformed public though , i guess . 
  i am amused by the headline being prefaced by `` opinion : '' ; as if implying that it could in fact be literally true that there are 25 completely identical states in eastern europe , made from grey concrete and inhabited by giant tapeworms or something . 
  simply put : because of the lack of a strong central government . 
  like i said , the republic was a confederation of provinces that were in essence small countries . 
  they were n't going to just give up all their powers to some unproven new central government . 
  so while there * was * something of a central government in the form of the states-general , the provinces retained virtually all of their sovereign authority and responsibilities . 
  it was the provinces that paid for the production , equipping , and maintenance of navy ships . 
  friesland and zeeland both had their own admiralty . 
  holland was so rich and populous that it could create three admiralties ; amsterdam , rotterdam , and the northern quarter ( each being assigned a different part of the province for the purposes of things like raising taxes and appointing officers and the like ) . 
  when not at war ( when warships supplied by the five admiralties would form the combined state navy ) , the admiralties tended to use their ships for the purposes of trade and the protection thereof . 
  the admiralties were also tasked with collecting on things like trade taxes and privateering profits . 
  so there was quite a lot of money to be made by having a well-equipped admiralty . 
  or three . 
  most populous , yes . 
  most powerful ? 
  not in any way like they used to be . 
  the republic was a confederation of what were effectively small countries . 
  the provinces of friesland and zeeland had * their own * navies . 
  ** holland had three of them ** . 
   i would n't say it 's a growing movement though , at least not in the bible belt . 
  the hpv vaccination program , for example , is quite controversial still , but for the standard child vaccination program resistance seems to be much less . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  there 's been multiple epidemics of various diseases there that really should n't still exist in this country . 
  it only takes a relatively small percentage of people refusing vaccinations to allow epidemics like that to flare up . 
  it dates back to the dutch republic of the 17th century . 
  the republic was divided into 7 autonomous provinces ; but holland was by far the most populous and powerful . 
  it was also where most of the people who went on trading trips around the world were from . 
  at the same time , back then the idea of a nationstate was still just an embryonic one , so if you 'd ask those people where they were from , they 'd not say ` the netherlands ' , but ` holland ' . 
  this is why the country is referred to as holland ( or some bastardization thereof ) in a great many languages . 
  they mention hannie schaft , who was executed three weeks before the end of the war . 
  story goes she was only grazed after the first shot , so she taunted her executioner by telling him she shoots better than he does , before he emptied his clip into her . 
  i believe it 's a later fabrication about her death ; but that story always stuck with me . 
   and yet , countries join under the article against russian aggression , invalidating your point . 
  countries joining an alliance for collective defense because they feel threathened by a neighbour ; which happens to be russia ; does * not * mean the alliance as a whole is aimed against russia . 
  my point is not invalidated . 
   so what do you propose ? 
  well , i certainly do n't propose we indulge russia 's paranoid tantrum throwing the way you 're doing . 
  give them a finger , and they 'll take the whole damn hand , as they have demonstrated quite aply by now . 
   that 's a horseshit analogy that , funny enough , can be easily invalidated by real life example . 
  your example does n't invalidate the analogy , because your own analogy does n't demonstrate that the victim is to blame either . 
  if you know the crips do n't like the red , you * might * choose to not wear red in order to not get shot . 
  however , if you do decide to wear red , it 's still not your fault if you get shot . 
  that fault lies entirely with the asshole who pulled the trigger . 
  and if you 're the kind of coward who lets himself get intimidated into not wearing a certain kind of color because maybe some idiot with a gun might shoot you for it ... then i dare say you 're exactly the kind of person who deserves the consequences of that cowardice . 
   you also made one mistake before about nato not being on the table for ukraine , a minor and irrelevant mistake ( seeing as how whether or not it was on the table is in no way a justification for anything ) . 
  it 's not like that would change just because you 'd become isolationist . 
  so what 's the point of destabilizing the world by withdrawing ? 
   i do n't doubt there would be some short term pain from the change , but there is no reason why it would have a permanent effect . 
  it would absolutely lead to a permanent * relative * decline . 
  relative being the relevant term . 
  the us almost certainly would n't get poorer compared to today on the long term . 
  it just would n't get richer * as quickly * as it otherwise would , and even if the difference would be small , it adds up over time . 
  as a result , keeping global engagement as is would yield you more money to spend than you 'd save by disengaging . 
  and that 's not even including the ` short term pain ' inflicted by the change-over . 
  you 're trying to reduce it to a simple trade balance issue . 
  the export/import ratio is n't hugely relevant since that does n't include services ( which the us economy is largely based on ) ; but mostly because you ca n't actually reduce economic interactions to so simple a metric and expect to have anywhere near the whole story . 
  i even addressed this in the post you 're responding to , so i 'm not sure why you chose to ignore it . 
  there 's a multiplier effect that is completely overlooked when you try to make it so simple . 
  i did n't say you have to be a global hegemon to have a good economy . 
  however . 
  the us economy * is * in large part dependent on exactly that . 
  the military industrial complex . 
  the dollar as global reserve currency . 
  you ca n't just walk away and expect there wo n't be an economic fall-out . 
  and that fall-out quite likely nullifies any ` gain ' from no longer having to pay defence spending for stationing stuff elsewhere in the world . 
  it 's not a simple matter of `` we spend x here , if we stop doing that , we have x to spend elsewhere '' ; because that money represents investments that have ancillary effects elsewhere in the economy . 
  if i pump a million dollars into your business a year , and the return on my investment means i barely break even , it might * seem * i 'd be better off not investing that money . 
  but what if your business happens to allow * other * businesses in the area to thrive , and i run services that profit off of those businesses ? 
  then my million dollars a year might actually be making me richer than i 'd otherwise be . 
  there is a horrible panic-inducing irony in your argument .
