  you accomplished nothing . 
   the fact that it does n't make sense to you is an indictment on your understanding and knowledge of the situation . 
  no , it just shows a basic understanding of history and human psychology . 
  nobody wants to be friends with the asshole neighbour who beats you up and takes your stuff . 
  even russia 's leaders can not possibly be so demented and ignorant as to believe their actions will keep ukraine from moving west ; nobody with the basic intelligence required to get into power and stay there is that delusional . 
  ergo , they must have other reasons for their actions . 
  even if they were specifically doing it to keep ukraine from joining nato right now ( even though there was never any reason for them to be worried about such a thing before the whole crimea debacle , but hey when you 're inventing fodder for the information war after the fact , you do n't have to keep things like that in mind ) ; they would 've certainly known they were pushing ukraine closer to the west . 
  i guess we should congratulate them then ? 
  good job russia , you fucked up everything you set out to do , again . 
   but it 's not a bad idea . 
  yes it is/was . 
   russia is not trying to prevent ukraine from trying to join nato , they are preventing nato from accepting it . 
  if that 's what they 're doing , they 're idiots . 
  they 're bankrupting themselves and practically * guaranteeing * that not only ukraine joins nato in the future , but a whole bunch of other countries they do n't want joining too . 
  if this is what passes for russian strategy , no wonder they 're the laughing stock of the world . 
  of course , rather than the completely implausible scenario of them being mentally challenged and guaranteeing the exact opposite outcome of the one they 're going for while simultaneously self-destructing ; it 's far more likely that the people in russia 's halls of power decided that the combination of crimea and enough domestic nationalist support to guarantee a few more years in office was worth the certainty of ukraine moving west , and simply miscalculated the degree to which the rest of the world would respond to their dickery . 
   i do n't think that is true . 
  i just think russia wants a promise on paper that ukraine will never join nato even if they know that it eventually will `` i do n't want them to join that military alliance that 's always going around saying it 'll protect the territorial integrity of its members , but how do i go about making sure that they do n't ? 
  oh , i know !, 
  i 'll take some of their territory ! '', 
  yeah ... that totally makes sense . 
  apparently there 's a moderate lack women in the northern part of ijsselmeer lake . 
  but the south part is feminising . 
  must be the currents . 
  there 's people in europe who do n't live in cities ? 
  what ? 
  i live in a yellow/orangey section , but pretty close to a blue one . 
  i have never properly seen the nightsky though . 
  that picture you showed does n't show anything that 's been significantly revamped , though . 
  [ this ] ( http://wikitravel.org/upload/nl/4/4b/almere_stadshart.jpg ) is the newer part of downtown . 
  there 's way worse places . 
  the ` hype ' was 20 years ago when sushi was the `` new '' thing . 
  now it 's just mainstream . 
  sushi places are pretty universal here . 
  i live in a pretty suburban city ; and a quick glance at my online food ordering options reveal 6 sushi places that deliver to my area . 
  kebab meanwhile , is nowhere to be found . 
  but that 's not surprising since its popularity has always been kind of ` meh ' here . 
  my information is * not * outdated . 
  the us has also not been growing twice as fast as europe since `` well , forever '' . 
  your link only presents data for the us in current prices , also known as nominal gdp . 
  this is based on local currency prices and does not take into account inflation and is therefore not a as useful a long-term measure . 
  real gdp removes this effect . 
  note that the eu 's economy is 19,176.328 dollars in current international dollar standards ; this is the real amount the eu 's economy is worth , a trillion dollars more than that of the us . 
  as to why the eu 's economy looks smaller in nominal gdp for 2015 , you only have to look at the much higher figure for 2014 and the news to know why . 
  the euro fell considerably against the dollar . 
  that 's why , when you look at the eu 's economy in euro terms ( current prices ) , it 's shrunk . 
  however , this does not equate to the same amount of loss in real economic value . 
  in fact , the european economy has grown over 2015 . 
  tl ; dr , the eu 's real economy is still considerably bigger than that of the us . 
  now , as for the myh that the us has been growing faster than europe since forever , and * twice * as fast at that : [ it has n't ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg/countries/eu-us?display=graph ) us growth has only significantly outpaced that of the eu since 2011 ( at nowhere near a rate to make up for a trillion dollar difference , mind you ) ; which of course is due to a certain european economic crisis . 
  as you can see however , the eu 's growth is speeding up while that of the us is staying level . 
  the eu 's economic growth will catch up to the us and either stabilize around the same level or , as it has done in the past , exceed us growth . 
   and if you look at the hdi reports ( i 'm assuming that 's what you are referring to ) , the differences are pretty small . 
  europe and canada and the us all have a very high hdi . 
  the difference becomes much more pronounced when looking at the income-inequality adjusted hdi . 
  in fact , on that hdi ranking , the us ( 0.760 ) ranks just barely above greece ( 0.758 ) . 
  a pretty big difference compared to norway ( 0.893 ) . 
   i have checked many times and you are 100 % wrong . 
  the us economy is slightly larger than the eu as of 2015 it is most definitely not larger by any measure . 
  the eu 's economy [ is almost a trillion dollars larger than the us ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/charts-eu-economy-is-bigger-than-the-us-2015-6?r=us&amp;ir=t ) the us does have a higher gdp per capita , however the us does not have `` significantly '' higher hdi levels . 
  the top 10 of the hdi is dominated by european countries . 
  the us takes 8th place ; behind eu countries such as denmark , the netherlands , germany , and ireland . 
  when we look at the inequality adjusted hdi ; the us drops all the way down to 27th place below most of the eu . 
  however you slice it , if you 've been looking , you have n't been looking very hard . 
  gib us monies plox . 
  having kids probably is n't exactly cheap ; but it 's not so expensive that it 's a primary reason for why people would n't have them ( as evidenced by the poor tending to have more children ) . 
  they just have other plans ; why destroy your chance at having your own life by making yourself responsible for the lives of others ? 
  people want to * live * their own lives first instead of having kids while they 're still young . 
   you said it was technically a dutch invasion of britain , which at the very least could be inferred as you saying that it was an invasion more so then an revolution . 
  no , it could n't . 
  it could simply be inferred as me saying it was an invasion . 
  which it was . 
  it in no way makes a judgement about whether or not it was also a revolution . 
   long standing rivalry , since when ? 
  british and more specifically english nationalism focuses on the empire and the world wars , in neither of those are the dutch considered a main rival of britain . 
  if you asked the british public who were our historic rivals i 'd be surprised if many listed the dutch in their top 4 . 
  you 're misreading my post . 
  we had a longstanding rivalry * at the time * . 
  if we were in the 17th century and i 'd ask you who your main rivals are , you would almost certainly mention the dutch . 
   the make it sound like the invasion was a foregone conclusion on the basis of the dutch force alone . 
  it was considered to be by william , yes . 
  which was my point . 
  you could argue over whether or not he would 've * actually * won had they engaged in full scale warfare , but it is a * fact * that william believed he would even without popular support . 
   the dutch force was made up primarily of mercenaries which he had paid this force three months advanced wages . 
  dutchmen paid well . 
   i honestly do n't even know why we 're arguing this . 
  it really does n't matter in the grand scheme of things , and can be interpreted either way . 
  i 'm going to get some sleep . 
  wait !, 
  b-but you 're wrong !, 
  on the internet !, 
  forget sleep !, 
  is it because denmark has watched everything in its queue and it thinks we have good taste so maybe we can help it find good new shows to watch ? 
  having parliament suddenly give in to your demands after you threaten to take your ball and go home ( because , in this case , everything will go to shit if you take your giant spikey ball of potential death and doom with you ) is not the hall mark of `` being subservient to parliament '' . 
  let us dub this the glorious rage . 
   but that was not your argument , it was that it was an invasion i do n't recall saying it was exclusively an invasion . 
   if you original argument that it was a revolution spurred on by an invasion i would n't have a problem with your argument , although it certainly bears more hallmarks of a resolution then an invasion as the glorious revolution does not fit the criteria for many definitions of invasion . 
  there is no basis for claiming it bears more hallmarks of a revolution than an invasion ; doing so relies on subjective interpretation of the facts . 
   how would it appeal to british nationalism . 
  how would it not ?
