  the dutch republic during the 17th century for instance did n't have a centralized navy ; it had five seperate admiralties that each built , maintained , and commanded their own warships that were only temporarily placed under a centralized command for battles too large for any one admiralty to handle . 
  so depending on how you define things , we either had five standing navies , or none . 
  not really . 
  the braunschweig class corvette ( the only corvettes in the german navy ) is n't even 2000 tonnes . 
  there are n't many ( or any , afaik ) modern frigates of that size . 
  frigates tend to be 2,500 tonnes at a bare minimum . 
  it also does n't even remotely have the kind of armament it 'd need to be considered a frigate . 
   the last german destroyer , decomissioned in 2003 was 4700 tons , the f125 is 7200 tons  then again even our other frigates are already bigger than that . 
  the sachsen class is a destroyer , even if you do n't call it that . 
  it is comparable to the zeven provincien class . 
   let 's see what they get out of the new mks180 which is supposed to be at least 4 ships that can do everything the problem with the mks180 , near as i can tell , is that while it 'll be quite versatile , it 's simply not going to excel at the things it 'll do . 
  sure , you can have a ship that can do air-defence , land-attack , submarine-warfare , electronic-warfare , jss type operations and a whole bunch of other stuff ... but while you stick only 16 aa missiles on it because you need the room for all the other stuff you want to do , another navy gets an aa frigate with 48 missiles and then gets another bunch of ships for all the other tasks , which will also be better at those things . 
  but budget cuts tend to lead to navies being forced to build and operate fewer ships , without wanting to give up the means to accomplish certain things , so you get these type of frankenstein vessels . 
  it does n't help that the german navy actually wants to expand its capabilities ( by acquiring the sea lift it does n't have ) without having the budget/manpower to do it right . 
  it 's one of the reasons why i 'd support a proper eu military . 
  we would n't have all these separate little navies being forced to make sacrifices in their design decisions and settling for half-assed capabilities . 
  we 'd be able to design and operate a navy that could match that of the us . 
   the size of a destroyer , officially called a frigate ( destroyers are evil ) , armed like a patrol boat . 
  the f125 would n't be a destroyer regardless of its size , though , since size is n't what gives a ship that classification . 
  the f125 is also not reallyh armed like a patrol boat . 
  it has a frigate/destroyer sized gun ( 127mm ) which is heavier than what you 'd find on any patrol ship i know of , 8x harpoon anti-ship missiles which you 'd also never find on a patrol ship , and 42 point-defense aa missiles which you 'd be lucky to find on a patrol ship . 
  the holland opv by comparison has a 75mm rapidfire gun and a 30mm gun . 
  the f125 is armed more like a corvette , but role-wise it appears to be focused on land-attack ; operating almost like a mobile base for special forces . 
  in this respect , they almost appear to be a consolation prize because the german navy did n't get the joint support ships it originally wanted . 
  of course , now that the german navy marines will be integrated into the dutch marine corp , germany gets to make use of the karel doorman jss for such purposes . 
  the f125 seems ridiculous expensive for what it brings to the table . 
  you could actually get 6-7 karel doorman class joint support ships for the prize of the 4 planned f125 's . 
  germany would probably be better off scrapping the f125 altogether , getting a couple of karel doorman 's , and then using the left-over money to get a bunch of corvette 's or properly kitted frigates . 
  the shipclasses on the dutch navy one are a little wonky ... but that 's really our own fault . 
  the zeven provincien class for instance is listed as an ffg when it should be a ddg based on the size of its armaments and capabilities ( and is considered as such in a nato context ) ; but some politicians way back when decided to make the brilliant decision not to call any of our ships destroyers because it ` sounded too aggressive ' . 
  the holland class is another interesting one . 
  it 's a pretty weird class . 
  it 's the size of a frigate , has the weapons of a small patrol vessel , and the sensor/communications capabilities of an advanced destroyer . 
  it 's correctly listed here as an opv ( other sources sometimes list it as a frigate because of its size ) , but it 's really in a class of its own . 
   except it is n't . 
  except it is . 
  maybe you 've only been paying attention to what one 's side is doing . 
   but at least they respect their opponents . 
   i 've never once seen a eurosceptic imply that certain groups of people are not entitled to have political opinions simply by virtue of the fact that those opinions differ from their own . 
  if me saying that one of the cons about the eu is ` having to listen to euroskeptics bitch and moan ' counts as `` implying that they 're not entitled to have political opinions '' , then holy shit do the euroskeptics constantly imply the exact same thing thing about those they disagree with . 
   there 's no point being in a union with a group of people who hate you . 
  there 's no point being in a union with a group of people who think that because a tiny fraction of reddit users ( themselves a tiny fraction of europeans ) expres annoyance with britain ( which is n't even the same as hating them ) that therefore they should vote to leave . 
  fortunately , most of us understand that most britons are n't daft enough to actually think like this . 
   attempts to silence perfectly legitimate political views via the use of emotive , dismissive language . 
  the sheer irony of this statement is beyond my capacity to fully appreciate . 
   seriously , this attitude on the sub is slowly eroding my resolve to vote `` stay '' . 
  i 've yet to see the eurosceptics make a convincing argument ... but the anti-eurosceptics are beginning to do their work for them . 
  i hate to break the obvious to you : but if you let your vote on something so important be influenced by people venting frustration on reddit , you do n't really care about the quality of arguments in the first place . 
  especially when you 're complaining it 's being changed because of behavior that 's constantly exhibited by the side you claim your vote is swinging towards . 
  just a thought . 
  pro : * being able to pay with my money in most of europe without hassle . 
  * being able to travel without hassle . 
  * having extra protections against government/corporate abuse because we have an additional layer of checks and balances . 
  * it 's better to cooperate with our neighbours than to compete with them ; even when we do n't manage to do it perfectly yet . 
  * being stronger together . 
  cons : * having to listen to euroskeptics bitch and moan . 
  sure !, 
  they 're free , right ? 
  we 'll take two . 
  the us the ferengi ? 
  please , obviously the dutch would be the ferengi . 
  we 're already the ferengi of earth 's history . 
  i remember reading these old dutch sci-fi books as a kid , called euro-5 . 
  it was essentially star trek . 
  the european union had built this interstellar ship and sent it out into space . 
  it was led by a dutch captain , though i think there there were crew from all over europe . 
  it was incredibly pulp and star-trek inspired . 
  it even had it 's own nazi-planet !, 
  only it was a medieval planet where the aliens had somehow evolved a language that was identical to german . 
  the original rollerball was set in 2018 though . 
  pedantry aside , time to start practicing . 
  so , how are things over in the 22nd century ? 
  it only seems that way if you buy into media paranoia . 
  `` what do you mean , they 've just decided to go ahead and do it anyway ? 
  i told them no , did n't i ?! '', 
  `` yes sir , you did sir . 
  apparently when people want to be independent , telling them ` no ' does n't work . '', 
  i 'm sure they do in friesland . 
  you 're lucky if randstad bus drivers just glare at you . 
   i lived in the netherlands and france , and i hated how '' in-your-face '' friendly and talkative everyone was . 
  in latvia no one bats an eye if you do n't say hello - you can do it if you feel happy and shit , and want to spread it . 
  but there is no societal standard where you have to say it . 
  i 'm not sure where you lived in the netherlands ... but , having lived here my entire life i ca n't say that we 're all that talkative and friendly , or have some social standard where you have to greet people . 
  sure , if someone says hi to you you 're kind of expected to say it back , but the number of people to say hi to you to begin with is so low that it 's kind of a non-issue . 
  because that referendum totally is n't being abused and twisted by its supporters ( and farage ) into really being anti eu ? 
  `` i get to use the buttplug tonight ! '', 
  alternative version : `` here , you use the buttplug tonight ! '', 
  `` no no , you can have it ! '', 
   there is one thing missing . 
  the drive for lebensraum . 
  russia is n't about to go and try to take over europe . 
  nobody claimed they are going to try . 
  however , grabbing bits and pieces of it with ethnic russians in it is something that keeps putin & co in power with the people 's popular support . 
  just because they 're not interested in pushing all the way to berlin or beyond does n't mean it is n't a problem for us . 
   and czechoslovakia was a retarded concept , why ? 
  it made perfect sense in the context of its founding for the two people to unite . 
   and sudetenland should have just been in germany to begin with . 
  a dangerous thing to say because the exact same could be said about almost * any * area in the world that has a large minority living there , and then subsequently used as an excuse for invasion . 
   kind of like crimea really should have been allowed to rejoin russia in the early 90s . 
  how about no ?
