  * almost a quarter of all scientific publications in the world are published by a dutch publisher . 
  * and of course there 's tonnes of products ; everything from heineken and gouda , to trucks and ships ( hell , your own coastguard is using dutch ships ) . 
  and that 's just the stuff i happen to know about . 
  making ` fun ' of other countries because they 're supposedly ` irrelevant ' might work if the country in question is liechtenstein or zimbabwe . 
  but in this case it just makes you seem ignorant . 
  and to think , we 're partially to blame for you not having to start off the day singing god save the queen . 
  the gratitude is overwhelming . 
  and ruin perfectly good books in the process ? 
  what do you have against knowledge !, 
  not just history , geography too . 
  like , holland shouldn \u00b4 t be part of the netherlands ? 
  so , what , an exclave of germany inside the netherlands ? 
  what about all the other provinces ? 
  the opposition does that entirely on their own . 
  `` we 've told you before , you ca n't secede from the starship '' `` we 're sick and tired of experts telling us what we can and ca n't do ! '', 
  `` this can only hurt you . '', 
  `` you need us more than we need you ! '', 
  `` very well . 
  when shall you be seceding ? 
  we need to make sure to reroute lifesupport so we do n't step onto any sovereignty issues . '', 
  `` we 'll ... we 'll secede when we get to alpha centauri . 
  40 years from now !, 
  maybe a little later . '', 
  and your lack of ability to do the same is all too predictably mundane in this world , sadly . 
  no analysis of * why * done , whatsoever . 
  no analysis of the objective threat to life and belongings . 
  it 's just `` more crime than average in black neighborhood = it 's the blacks to blame = avoid black neighborhoods everyone , the chinese were right ! '', 
  i 'm a white guy who has lived in minority dominated neighborhoods most of his life ; which also see a higher than average crime rate . 
  guess what ? 
  it 's still safe as fuck out here , and it 's not any of my black neighbours i 'm afraid of . 
  i 'm not actually attacking portugal . 
  i just used it as an example to show why the argument he was making is flawed . 
   you do realize that all the rows include only people under 18 , right ? 
  so i think what you said is simply untrue : among young people , there appears to be a very strong regard to ethnicity . 
  not really . 
  again ; * suspected * of . 
  racial profiling is a well known problem . 
  just as its well known that minority groups tend to live in poorer areas ( and i do n't think i have to explain that racist attitudes in society are a huge contributing factor as to why this remains the case ) ; poverty breeds crime . 
  compare poor white kids to poor black kids , and you 'll find the gap narrows considerably . 
   i do n't have data for london , but what about america , where black adults commit murders at a rate 600 % that of white adults ? 
  again . 
  poverty . 
  the combination thereof . 
   then according to the knife crime numbers above , black teens are being proceeded against over 8 times more ( 800 % ) yeah . 
  racial profiling will do that . 
  you should look at convictions instead . 
  probably still wo n't look good for the black community , but at least you weed out a big chunk of the racial profiling that way . 
   and getting offended when air china publishes something politically incorrect but which is simply true . 
  except for how it is n't , because these areas are still completely safe to walk through . 
  none of which proves the claim that walking around a black neighborhood in london is dangerous enough to justify the chinese article 's claims . 
   explain this if there is n't some truth in what the air china magazine said . 
  easy . 
  notice how it says both `` accused of '' , and `` under 18 '' . 
  to start with , young people are overwhelmingly more likely to engage in criminal activity regardless of ethnicity . 
  so yeah , if you have a black neighborhood full of teens and young adolescents , you can expect crime to spike . 
  on the other hand , if you have a black neighborhood full of 30-40 year olds , it 's going to just be any other neighborhood . 
  secondly , it 's a well known fact that racial profiling is a thing . 
  black people being * accused * of crimes more often than white people should come as a surprise to absolutely nobody . 
  and you have some * real * evidence besides your gut feeling for this , i assume ? 
  are you ... are you seriously asking this question ? 
  have you been living under a rock the past few years , or are you being sarcastic and i 'm just not getting it ? 
   facts are facts . 
  if we dispute what the chinese airline is saying we need a factual investigation first , hurt feelings and outrage second . 
  okay , so we 're going to need a factual investigation on portugal first too then ? 
  maybe they 're just not reporting all the raping they do ? 
  maybe because they 're illiterate they ca n't fill out the forms ? 
  if you 're saying that we should fact-check the chinese article first , then why not the same with portugal ? 
  or how about the claim that we should avoid any threads with redditroodypoo 's comments because as we all know , he 's a murderer who 'll just say anything . 
  i mean , as long as we have n't investigated the claim we ca n't dismiss it right ? 
  it 's amazing how you guys downvoting me do n't get the point being made . 
  these areas in london are hardly any less safe than portugal ( or the rest of london for that matter ) is . 
  but you defend the racist article by saying that `` if '' it 's true , then it 's okay . 
  you did n't fact check first to see if these areas in london are actually unsafe enough to justify it . 
  you just assume , ` hey , it 's a black people only street . 
  must be dangerous . ', 
  well , `` if '' its true that portugese are rapists , then it 's okay to advise against going to portugal , right ? 
  do n't have to do any fact checking first . 
  i 'm just saying `` if '' it 's true , after all . 
  i mean , if it \u00b4 s true that portugese people are rapists , there \u00b4 s no reason not to advise against going to portugal . 
  wait , i thought they closed them down when the war ended ? 
  so they just visit auschwich and then ... nothing ? 
  ever again ? 
  / is a horrible person . 
  so ... calling it england is okay then , right ? 
  pretty words do n't provide for an effective defense , nor a succesful resistance . 
  at the onset of ww2 , the netherlands was neutral too ( and in fact its reputation of neutrality at the time exceeded that of switzerland ) . 
  did n't fucking help us , now did it ? 
  switzerland was lucky . 
  it had no significance in terms of resources , was of no strategic importance , and its geography and defensive strategy made germany 's new tactics null and void ; conquering switzerland would 've eaten up resources and manpower for a piece of land that the axis did n't need . 
  you can not copy & paste switzerland 's past example onto other countries . 
  nor can you assume that the status quo ; in which you have no enemies so why bother fully participating in a military ; will always hold true . 
  so , bicycles then ? 
   these 2 statements seem contrary to each other . 
  either the eu decides tax or ireland does . 
  if ireland decides then eu is overstepping . 
  do n't be so obtuse . 
  just because individual memberstates implement their own tax policies , does n't mean they are n't subject to transnational regulations that provide limitations to exactly what they can do . 
  eu tax regulations prohibit memberstates from implementing tax policies that give out unfair advantages , and eu regulations are unanimously agreed upon by the memberstates . 
  ireland agreed to abide by these regulations . 
  if they do not , then they must be held accountable .
