   thats possible , anyway most of such armors are still kept kinda secret , and only general data are public general data that lets us know that the merkava 's armor has n't been upgraded for the last decade-and-a-half , whereas some other tanks ( like the leo2 ) have seen continuous upgrades during that time . 
   well , i generally think that military victories are not enough really ? 
  military victories are not enough when talking about military operations ? 
  get the fuck out . 
  you brought up the suez crisis as a half-baked argument that claims of military training/capability do n't always follow reality ; except the brits and french were exceptionally * succesful * in achieving their military objectives there . 
  the fact that it ended up a * political * defeat does not change the fact they were militarily more than capable of doing what they set out to do , and given that this entire thread is about talking about * military * matters , and not political matters , it * does n't fucking matter * . 
   like i said , the numbers were not that big which just goes to show you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  when we 're talking about military experience , we 're not talking about needing to have every infantryman in the army thrown into combat . 
  experience gained by smaller elements and commanders especially , carries on through the entirety of the military . 
  you 're cherry picking battles and numbers , and are deciding based on nothing more than your uneducated opinion that because a particular number does n't meet your arbitrary treshhold compared to another number , that therefore the uk ( or any other country ) has n't gotten enough experience or involvement . 
  without even knowing the first thing about what actually went down in the battles you cherry picked . 
   but i sincerely do n't think that the numbers are that big which again , is n't fucking relevant , because building combat experience does n't involve sending tens of thousands soldiers into the grinder . 
  that kind of experience is pretty much entirely irrelevant to the discussion since it completely evaporates as soon as a war is done because soldiers get rotated out or end their service . 
  experience that does matter is operational and command experience , and you do n't need to send a million men to war to build that experience . 
   also , the british and the french had to resort to the us to help them with air-refueling their planes while they were bombing lybia , that was a very ridiculous moment . 
  it is n't . 
  it is in fact pretty standard to get refuelling services from your allies . 
  both the uk and france have their own in-air refuelling capabilities . 
  it makes no sense however , to not take advantage of allied logistics if they 're better placed . 
   the french military doctrine will always be doomed for me by the higher-ups having ignored what guys like de gaulle were saying in the late - '30s , that 's what caused the june 1940 national disaster . 
  this is a fucking joke . 
  it 's impossible to take you seriously if you decide your views on data that 's 80 fucking years out of date . 
   we , europeans , seem like we do n't give a damn . 
  then again , you just do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  you seriously believe european militaries do n't engage in intellectual discussions about the future of war ? 
  please , just stop . 
  this is n't going anywhere . 
   they were saying the same thing before the suez crisis , that did n't turn up well neither for france nor for the uk . 
  that was 60 years ago , not particularly relevant today . 
  and who exactly said that ? 
  besides , that was an overwhelming military * victory * for the uk and france , who lost only a few soldiers compared to the hundreds or even thousands that egypt lost . 
  it `` did n't end up well '' for france or the uk because of national and international political pressure to withdraw ; not because of any lack of military capability . 
   but the ratio of us vs british soldiers was almost always an order of magnitude higher for the us side well duh ? 
  they have a much larger army . 
  the uk had 50,000 in iraq . 
  that represents almost a * third * of their entire military . 
  that 's a full commitment , and having such a significant chunk of ones military involved in a conflict ensures an experience gain that follows on through the entire armed services branches . 
   recently the french have only been involved in mali , afaik the french have also been involved in operations in afghanistan and in fact deployed forces to the parts of afghanistan with the most fighting at the time . 
  france actually has one of the most internationally deployed militaries in the world . 
  it continuously has forces deployed across much of africa . 
  in addition to mali and afghanistan , it has also recently conducted military operations in the central african republic , chad , ivory coast , djibouti , and libya . 
  all within the last decade , and all of which builds valuable experience . 
   i 'm not sure we even have a military school which would positively compare to west point or to the former soviet frunze military academy . 
  west point is just an officer 's academy with a reputation because of its age and american media . 
  it 's prestigious and top tier sure , but it 's not some magical place . 
  same for any other such institution . 
  europe has similarly prestigious and capable academies ( like saint-cyr ) , if less known simply because they do n't show up in every military-themed hollywood movie . 
  well sure , but that 's an rpg-7 . 
  which is pretty much crap . 
  a lot of anti-tank weapons are tandem-charged though , like javelins and what not . 
  tandem is great against reactive armour ; though there 's some kind which are mostly impervious to it . 
  obviously there 's other types of anti-tank weapons that are also great . 
  but kinetic rounds are n't going to do much . 
  it 's tandem explosives ( 2 stage detonation weapons ) that tanks have to watch out . 
  kinetic is mostly useless . 
   but before their intervention in syria they were seen as quite a force in itself in terms of size only . 
  equipment wise they 're well behind the curve . 
   in comparison the british and the french armies ( to say nothing of the germans ) have only experienced conflicts lately as allies of the us , and in so doing i do n't really know if the british or french commanders really got to learn something for themselves , apart from what orders came from their us allies . 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  the intensity and quality of the training that the forces of these countries is far beyond what turkish forces engage in . 
  and they have plenty of military experience . 
  besides , they do n't just `` take orders '' from the us when they get involved in coalition conflicts . 
  that 's not how things work . 
  they have their own command structure . 
   considering israel experience in the last lebanon war this is again , a bad example . 
  over a thousand anti-tank missiles were fired against the israeli 's . 
  only 50 tanks were actually hit . 
  more than half of which did n't lead to any armor penetration . 
  and most of the merkava tanks that were seriously damaged were older model ii and iii 's rather than the newer iv 's . 
  and following the conflict , the iv 's were further upgraded with the trophy active protection system , specifically to deal with the kind of missile/rpg threats they faced during the conflict . 
  one should also consider that though quite competent , the merkava 's armour is not quite as good as that of some western tanks . 
   the same goes for when you design and pay huge sums of money on military gear , you have to think about your soldiers sometimes applying `` shitty tactics '' in this case it is n't just the soldiers engaging in shitty tactics , but their commanders . 
  you do n't send tanks to take a city without having proper infantry backup ( and air support , ideally ) . 
  that 's standard tank doctrine going back to ww2 . 
  there 's really no excuse . 
   well , there are also more modern at missiles than tow , there are javelin and spike for example , which have a `` top attack '' mode , or can be guided to hit the tank from different angles , in more vulnerable spots . 
  which the rebels do n't have . 
  so i 'm not sure how that 's relevant . 
  the first incident : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/scotland/2908679.stm the other is briefly mentioned here : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/2905817.stm you can also find these numbers mentioned on the challenger 2 's wiki page , under operational history . 
  well , the first problem is that the turks use the leopard 2a4 , which actually is pretty old and outdated and not suited for urban warfare . 
  the 2a5 involved a very significant enhancement to the tank 's armour systems ; being both heavier and incorporating newer technologies . 
  and then you have to consider that even the 2a5 is kind of outdated now . 
  the 2a6 greatly improved the gun , and added better protection against mines and internal protection . 
  and some versions of the 2a6 , like the spanish 2e , have even heavier armour . 
  and now there 's the 2a7 + , which adds modular armour and yet more protection improvements . 
  so it 's really not that big of a deal that turkey lost a bunch of 2a4 's , since they 're vastly inferior to modern versions of the leopard 2 . 
  of course , the fact that turkey is n't exactly the best equipped should 've been pretty obvious from learning that they lost an m60 , which is n't even really suitable to be used as a training tank anymore . 
  and furthermore , even if you have the best tanks in the world , it does n't mean shit if you do n't know how to properly utilize a tank . 
  the biggest reason turkey has lost all those tanks is because of shitty tactics . 
  they did n't properly support their tank forces , and seem either incapable or unwilling to engage in proper combined arms tactics . 
  if you 're not going to learn from history , then it 's not going to be a surprise if you lose . 
   but a couple of dacia dusters with a couple of tow missiles could do serious damage to those tanks . 
  at least that 's what following / r/syriancivilwar for the last ~ 3 years has taught me . 
  there 's almost nothing but obsolete tanks involved in that conflict ; so it 's a poor comparison . 
  it 's mostly t55 's , t62 's , and t72 's . 
  not exactly state of the art even when upgraded . 
  the challenger 2 , by contrast , is widely regarded as one of the most armored and best protected tanks in service . 
  they can take a hell of a beating . 
  most nato tanks could easily shrug off a tow to their front armor . 
  there was an incident where a challenger 2 got stuck in a ditch , and was subsequently hit by 14 rpg 's from up close , as well as a milan anti-tank missile ( similar to tow ) .
