  that 's a 12,4 % difference for germany and 23,6 % for france . 
  your numbers are off . 
  united states % of people living below poverty line was 15.1 % in 2010 . 
  i do n't have figures for the whole of western europe as a single entity , but here 's the numbers for various countries considered to be in western europe and the year the data is from : * netherlands : 10.5 % ( in 2005 ) * france : 7.8 % ( 2010 ) * belgium : 15.2 % ( 2007 ) * united kingdom : 14 % ( 2006 ) * germany : 15.5 % ( 2010 ) * ireland : 5.5 % ( 2009 ) * switzerland : 7.9 % ( 2010 ) so it seems to generally hold up ( although not , unfortunately , for the person 's country you were responding to ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/economy/population-below-poverty-line ) of course , it 's possible and likely the percentages have shifted since 2010 and earlier . 
  however , income inequality has n't risen as much in europe as it has in the us over that period , so it 's almost certain not in the us 's favor . 
   and you wonder now why most do n't vote ? 
  i know i would n't waste any time in my day . 
  it 's no different in the united states though . 
  well , actually , we have higher voter turnouts than the us . 
  then again , i 'm not sure the us has binding referenda or anything like that . 
   why does the lower percentage win ? 
  because ; a ) if there are n't enough people voting in the first place , the results are not representative and therefore easily ignored . 
  if you get a 100 % yes result , but only 10 % of the people eligible to vote bothered to vote in the first place , you only have a * minority * of the population voting yes . 
  it does n't matter whether the remaining 90 % were for or against . 
  a 10 % turnout is a very clear sign that people did n't care enough either way to vote . 
  and since referenda are n't binding , there 's no way that the government would implement the results if it did n't reach a higher level of turnout . 
  dutch politics is traditionally consensus based . 
  10 % of the country voting yes is not a consensus . 
  that said , legally speaking , the referendum would be considered valid if it meets a minimum turnout of 30 % . 
  so 35 % should pass . 
  however ... b ) a result of 53 % yes might as well be a 50 % yes result . 
  it 's within the margin of error . 
  you 're going to want a minimum result of 60 % or so . 
  i should probably have said 1.76 , which is also really rather short by dutch standards , but is the average in the us and many other places . 
  but you know , a difference of 6 centimeters does n't seem much when you 're as tall as us  edit : on the other hand , 1.7 * is * the female average in the netherlands . 
  there 's plenty of short people . 
  if by short you mean like 1.70 . 
  people shorter than that are generally either of foreign descent or twelve years old . 
   but even with the definition i feel there 's too many layers or it 's too subjective to be useful . 
  that 's true for a lot of laws that do actually end up being useful , though . 
  so long as judges can remain impartial and there 's oversight , the system is generally capable of wielding such laws effectively . 
  the problem is that you 're never going to be able to nail down a universal definition for discrimination . 
  it 's an inherently ever-shifting thing ; new groups that can be discriminated against come into being , old ones change shape , discrimination finds new mediums to propagate through . 
  there 'll always be a `` subjective '' part to such laws , no matter how you word them . 
  no matter how extensive or simplistic your definitions . 
   the key is in who is prosecuting it - a crime is held to be a wrong against society generally and is prosecuted by the civil authority . 
  sure . 
  and i think hatespeech laws * are * a crime in that regard ; since our societies deem discrimination unconstitutional and everyone equal , therefore an act of discrimination against one group is a crime against society . 
   actually , what 's the actual definition of hate speech we 're working off ? 
  the definition differs somewhat from country to country . 
  if we 're going by the dutch law , there 's the following 2 articles : * `` article 137c : he who publicly , orally , in writing or graphically , intentionally expresses himself insultingly regarding a group of people because of their race , their religion or their life philosophy , their heterosexual or homosexual orientation or their physical , psychological or mental disability , shall be punished by imprisonment of no more than a year or a monetary penalty of the third category . '', 
  * `` article 137d : he who publicly , orally , in writing or graphically , incites hatred against , discrimination of or violent action against person or belongings of people because of their race , their religion or their life philosophy , their gender , their heterosexual or homosexual orientation or their physical , psychological or mental disability , shall be punished by imprisonment of no more than a year or a monetary penalty of the third category . '', 
  `` intentionally '' is the key word there , i think . 
  i should also point out a different section of the law which ( among other things deals with slander ) clarifies this somewhat : * `` insulting remarks have a different logic than those inciting hatred . 
  the insult is in the first place meant to lower the status of the opponent . 
  in the case of incitement to hatred however , the person 's status is not threathened but his very right to existence . 
  on hate websites , the counterparty is not offered freedom of speech accordingly , she is not only ` less ' or ` beneath ' , but completely undeserving of respect . 
  hate is therefore not receptive to information to information that demonstrates the victim 's ` innocence . ' '', 
  this clarifies the difference between the legal definitions of an insult versus hate . 
   try doing that in europe ? 
  people have . 
  surprise surprise , nothing happened . 
  again , i think you 're really overestimating the ease with which hatespeech laws are applied . 
   who are you to decide what is detrimental ? 
  a human fucking being who understands that society believing that being born liking men instead of women makes you mentally ill and deserving of discrimination is * detrimental * . 
  it 's a damned fact it 's detrimental . 
   that is something for society to work out not our government . 
  you mean the government elected by the people who make up society and who are therefore an * extension * of said society ? 
  huh ? 
  but wait , even ignoring that . 
  * of course * it 's for government to decide . 
  the government 's job is to protect the citizens of a country , all the citizens . 
  if we left shit like that up to `` society '' , we 'd still be burning witches . 
   try replacing the word gay in your example of with some of the most societial taboo things you can think of . 
  pedophilia , sibling sex , bestiality . 
  now how does you argument stand up ? 
  yes . 
  of course it does . 
  it makes no difference . 
  everyone gets the same level of protection . 
  just because someone is sexually attracted to children , their sister , or a dog , does n't mean it 's okay to discriminate against them . 
  so long as they do n't break any laws , they can feel attracted to whoever or whatever they want ; and even if they do break laws , well they 're still protected from hatespeech even if they 're in jail for screwing a kid . 
  and i should point out that this is n't just me taking an ideological stance . 
  my government takes the same stance and applies it evenly . 
  quite famously with the so called `` pedo party '' ( officially : the party for neighbourly love , freedom , and diversity ) , which despite national and international shock/protest , was a perfectly legal political party that openly advocated the legalization of child pornography and the lowering of the age of consent to 12 . 
  the courts decided in the party 's favor , stating that : `` the freedom of expression , the freedom of assembly and the freedom of association ... should be seen as the foundations of the democratic rule of law and the party is also entitled to these freedoms . '', 
  does that sound like the decision of a government that does n't apply its principles equally ? 
  they operate on the same principle , however . 
  hatespeech is elevated to a crime in most jurisdictions because while libel/slander can constitute any number of things from saying you do n't bathe regularly to saying your company lies about the ingredients in its products ; hatespeech tends to involve incitement to hatred and violence , which has an unfortunate habit of leading to worse crimes . 
  but both slander and hatespeech put legal limitations on speech in order to protect individuals or groups . 
   we have the same thing in america as our first article as well , but hate speech is still speech , and without free speech we ca n't work out what other rights we should have . 
  if your constitution has the same thing , but does n't actually provide legal protections against incitement to hatred , then i 'd argue that either your laws are insufficient to live up to your constitution , or that your constitution is ; on that point ; just empty rhetoric . 
  it 's all well and good to say that it is n't allowed to discriminate against people , but if you then do n't actually make it illegal to do so then it 's just a broken promise . 
   we would never censor someone who openly disagrees with a progressive view . 
  neither do we . 
  it 's a common misconception that hatespeech laws mean `` oh , so i ca n't say shit ? 
  this sucks ! '' . 
  you can say whatever the fuck you want , pretty much . 
  just do n't be too big of a dick and idiot about it . 
  if you want to rail against gays , or muslims , or blacks or whatever ... you can . 
  you can write whole dissertations about it and publicize them and become a bestseller . 
  plenty of others have . 
  just be smart about it . 
  if you 're gon na write nonsense like for instance , `` black people are all stupid and criminal because they have smaller skulls and they 're inbred and it 's just a matter of time before they rape your wife and kids and why are n't we all doing something about it y' all ? 
  get up off your chair and make country x white again !, 
  '' ; then you 're not only an asshole , but you 're an idiot who deserves to get charged . 
  your stuff would still be available for everyone to read , do n't worry about that . 
   often this means we get political candidates like trump with constituents that follow . 
  that is part of living in a pluralistic society you do n't have to tell me .
