   that it `` neatly and succinctly encapsulates the notion that not every form of speech should be protected '' is a direct result of the scotus ruling . 
  no , it 's a direct result of the logical nature of the phrase and the obvious outcome of inciting a panic in a crowded space . 
  the phrase would have been popularized regardless of its origin ; and it 's not exactly clear that the phrase did n't already enjoy some measure of popularity prior to said ruling anyhow . 
   this really seems to have gotten under your skin , lol . 
  this might disturb your understanding of reality ; but the only reason you 've gotten under anyone 's skin here ( in so far as that phrase is even applicable ) is because you derailed a discussion about * european * law by first making it about * american * law ; and then when someone points out to you that nobody in europe associates the phrase with america ; you argue about it as if it 's somehow important to you that we care and agree with you that its an american phrase . 
   they have managed to have a democratic system and have it not overthrown for centuries . 
  there 's european countries that have been democratic for * centuries longer than the us has even existed * , you know . 
  as for not having it overthrown , the us has had the advantage of geographic isolation . 
  they would almost * certainly * not be able to make that boast had they been surrounded by more countries of similar or larger size/power than themselves . 
  literally nobody except some americans ( i doubt even most americans know of the connection ) associate that saying with your supreme court . 
  you know what popularized the phrase ? 
  the fact that it so neatly and succinctly encapsulates the notion that not every form of speech should be protected . 
  the roman empire did not fall in 180ad . 
  it has often been said that 180ad was the point when the empire fell into decline , but that 's rather debateable , and not particularly relevant to whether or not they were an empire . 
  the roman empire fell in 476ad . 
  ... how does that in any shape or form answer his question ? 
  never . 
  yes . 
  impossible . 
  fine . 
  alright . 
  maybe . 
  i direct your attention to the 1970 's then ; as i 'm pretty sure there was horror-porn crossover even back then . 
  it 's really not . 
  at least not on social issues . 
  it 's just that christenunie is generally considered part of the left wing and thus mistaken for ` progressive ' at times . 
  for instance , christenunie is vocal about wanting to make abortion illegal again ( but realizes they ca n't in the current climate ) ; whereas cda does n't mention it at all and is vague when pressed on it . 
  christenunie is also partly responsible for the ridiculous ` cursing ban ' that some towns have adopted . 
  cda appears to consider cursing bans to be scary examples of fundamentalism . 
  what do you mean ... `` new '' crossover genre ? 
  wait , i thought that lsd kaleidoscopes is just what lesbian sex is like !, 
  it 's not ? 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.thuisinbrabant.nl/beeld/verhalen/_800/53517_uittocht_breda.jpg ) , spanish troops being marched out of the city again , like the losers they were !, 
   of course they had to shorten the 25 years to something much smaller . 
  why ? 
  there 's plenty of movies that manage to properly convey the passage of time . 
   of course they had to change his personality . 
  again , why ? 
  it would 've been perfectly feasible to write the character in such a way as to both make him appealing * and * keep him historically accurate . 
  having to completely alter the personality of an established historical figure is a sign of a bad writer/filmmaker who does n't know how to work with the material . 
  i guess they could n't figure out how to make him sympathetic without turning him into a two-dimensional folksy-hero . 
   a story that spans 25 years works well in the written word . 
  it generally does n't on the black screen . 
  nonsense . 
  they could 've had practically the * exact * same movie . 
  all they 'd have to do was properly convey the passage of time . 
  you could still have all the same major scenes and plot points , and you 'd just have to alter relatively minor things like age up the children . 
  although even then the pacing would probably be the same ; which is a problem because the movie has really poor pacing in general . 
  it 's pretty obvious that the director just wanted to put as many shipbattles in as possible ; not caring that they all look the same and that having that many of them actually breaks up the story rather than add to it . 
  not surprising though , since the director 's filmography is completely filled out with practically nothing but bad direct-to-dvd movies . 
  honestly , i consider the movie to be rather something of an emberrasment all-round . 
  not the sort of thing i 'd recommend to someone from a country with a proper movie-industry , for sure . 
   i did n't say it told history perfectly . 
  but in the context of a dramatized action movie it does a rather good job , imho . 
  i 'm not sure if `` completely rewrites the historical timeline as well as the personalities and lives of its main characters '' count as `` a rather good job '' ; dramatized action movie or not . 
   michiel de ruyter is suprisingly good for a dutch movie , and fairly historically accurate . 
  uhm ... 
  ... i think you meant rather * inaccurate * . 
  some wild inaccuracies : * rewrites history so that the anglo-dutch wars take place over mere months instead of 25 years . 
  * completely fails to capture the personality of de ruyter , who we know from historical sources was nothing like how he was in the movie . 
  * wholly invents the notion that de ruyter was present at the lynching of the de witts . 
  it also shows their death during the evening when it took place during the day . 
  * has de ruyter die almost instantly when wounded ; instead of showing the fact he died from infection a week later . 
  * fails to alter the royal palace to look like the city hall it used to be . 
  * shows people at the funeral that were already dead when it happened . 
  * claims willem iii paid for de ruyter 's funeral , which is not true . 
  * willem iii is declared stadtholder by the staten-generaal . 
  that 's not how politics worked ; the staten-generaal could not and did not do that . 
  * gets the timeline of the activation of the waterlinie during het rampjaar wrong . 
  * shows admiral van ghent taking part in a battle that took place a year after his death . 
  * completely butchers the character of willem iii . 
  * uses a sattelite image of the netherlands that includes flevoland when zooming out from a landbattle to show the scale . 
  there will surely be many other inaccuracies in the movie . 
  some of these are relatively minor and do n't really impact the plot ( though should n't exist in a movie that aims to be historically accurate ) ; but the big one is the way they rewrote 25 years so that it appears to take place over only a short while ; which does n't work and was apparently only done because they could n't figure out how to tell a story if they did n't start with the first anglo-dutch war and ended with the glorious revolution . 
  anyway , rant complete . 
  sorry ... that movie triggers me pretty badly . 
  post-credits voice-over : * but wait , there 's more !, 
   you could argue london does the same now . 
  no , you could n't . 
  london is just the biggest center in a list of many such centers , some of which ( nyc ) are just a hair 's width away . 
  amsterdam , at its height , was quite literally the * only * game in town . 
  for the comparison with london today to work , every other city in the world would have to have its financial industry reduced to be on par with farmsville , wherever . 
   if you want to compare naval power then why did you pick england ? 
  because england was the dutch republic 's main competitor ; as evidenced by the anglo-dutch wars . 
  2017 : everything gets even more shit . 
  i 'm sure there were plenty of racists among them . 
  my question is why would you think that has anything to do with why the royal families are so closely related . 
  they 're so closely related because marriage among the nobility has traditionally been political in nature ; forging alliances in the process ; and because until relatively recently in history it was not considered palatable to them to marry commoners . 
  which means you end up with a small marriage selection pool . 
   i am curious as to how closely the surviving european royal families are . 
  is this just one big family ? 
  well , all current european monarchs are descended from [ johan willem friso of orange-nassau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_william_friso,_prince_of_orange ) , the most recent ancestor to them all . 
  he died in 1711 . 
   if it is true , do you think racism played a part in their tribal nature ? 
  why would you even think that ? 
   it was briefly considered a great power . 
  if by briefly , you mean a 150 years , then yes . 
   completely different from being the foremost power in the world . 
  the volume of its trade was more than * twice * that of the rest of europe * combined * . 
  it was the first nation in history to effectively move past a subsistence economy ( and consequently the per capita income was at least twice as high as it was anywhere else in the world ) ; and was the center of international finance .
