  alternatively , it 's going to be met with ` sure , those are good things , but we can get the same good things without the eu part !, 
  and 2 is just going to result in a collective `` well fuck you too !, 
  because they 're afraid it 'll have the wrong result . 
  there 's a significant group of people who are opposed to the eu . 
  anytime the eu does anything , even if its a good thing for them , many of these people will have a kneejerk response to it . 
  and they will find ways of distorting and twisting things in order to support their own agenda . 
   the netherlands got into spanish hands not by military force , but by marriage policy . 
  eh ... to be fair . 
  the * habsburg * ** did ** invade part of the netherlands . 
  so while spain itself did n't , the family that ruled it ultimately did . 
  * belgian * towns ? 
  gtfo !, 
  j/k , love you guys . 
  p.s rejoin the motherlands . 
   are they equipped to deploy a large enough number of troops there and support operations from the other side of the world ? 
  for our islands ? 
  yes . 
  * 2 amphibious warfare lpd 's , together capable of delivering 260 apc 's ( or 65 mbt 's , which ... we do n't have anymore but whatevs ) and 1161 marines onto a hostile shoreline . 
  can also carry either 12 nh90 's helicopters , or 6 nh90 's and 4 chinooks . 
  * 1 jss , capable of replenishing ships , with sea-basing and amphibious warfare capabilities . 
  can carry either 6 nh90 's or 2 chinooks ( or 3 ospreys for allied countries ) . 
  can also support apaches ( guessing this also applies to the lpd 's , but i do n't know how many ) . 
  has 2 kilometers worth of storage space for either cargo or vehicles , which it can load/unload independently . 
  additionally can carry several hundred marines ( ca n't find an exact figure ) . 
  the ship 's designed to command and support large-scale ground operations ( can command/support ground forces up to 22,500 troops ) * additionally , there 's 4 destroyers , 2 frigates , 4 submarines , and 4 opv 's ; all designed/capable for blue water operations . 
  so we do have the ability to project power to the carribean and defend our islands . 
  the problem is n't with the basic capabilities , but rather what happens in a prolonged fight . 
  it 's all well and good to be able to throw a force out there that can handle venezuela , but we need to be able to support said force for longer than a couple of weeks . 
   granted , no ` power projecting ' capital-intensive stuff like airforce carriers actually , while the netherlands does n't have an aircraft carrier anymore ; the dutch navy does have considerable power projection capabilities compared to most nato navies . 
  it has 2 large and very modern lpd 's that can double as light helo-carriers , and has a jss for seabasing operations/replenishment that like the ldp 's , can also be used for amphibious warfare . 
  for a moment i was like ` why you no mention dutch cities !? 
  ' , but then i realized it was a luxembourg flag . 
  anyway , there 's dutch cities/towns too . 
  many of these , like some of those in your examples , have their names derived from the original roman , but have become so bastardized as to be unrecognizable : * ulpia noviomagus batavorum - nijmegen * trajectum - utrecht * mosae trajectum - maastricht * albaniana - alphen * forum hadriana - voorburg * fectio - vechten * blariacum - blerick * ceuclum - cuijk * coriovallum/cortovallum - heerlen, 
   still , i think that most european countries have been rigorously studying their histories for a long time and would not expect massive shifts in the understanding of demographic trends . 
  you might be surprised . 
  lots of records have ended up lost because countries could n't be bothered to properly preserve/copy them . 
  it is n't always easy to figure out what 's worth preserving and what 's not . 
  it takes time and resources to preserve/copy things , and that 's not a one-time cost ; which is especially true before the digital age . 
  a lot of documents will have been discarded simply because the person in charge decided that the stuff about napoleon conquering europe was more important than seemingly unimportant stuff ( but which would tell us a hell of a lot more about life in the past then yet another account about napoleon ) . 
  it 's only relatively recently that history has actually adopted a more scientific mindset in terms of trying to understand and preserve history . 
  in other cases , stuff has been destroyed on purpose by regimes and people for one reason or another ; because they do n't reflect their political or religious views for instance . 
  i think growing up in the world we have , might have made us less able to appreciate how amazing it is we have any records at all . 
   i 'm not sure why it should be expected just because it 's from 30 years ago . 
  has historical demography really gone through a revolution since then ? 
  our understanding of history is constantly improving . 
  we get better at filling in the blanks because more data becomes available ( and because we 're a networked world now , which makes it easier for researchers to access sources , when compared to the late 80 's ) as i pointed out , the figures are just flat-out wrong in some cases . 
  and as both you and i have figured out , also incomplete . 
  in the first place , it 's problematic to try and make these comparisons in the first place since in the vast majority of cases we 're dealing with educated estimates . 
  not every country/city was meticulous about censuskeeping , and we 're lucky when such records survive to begin with . 
  that said , i do n't know that either moscow or st.petersburg would make it to the top 5 in 1800 . 
  i 've seen some indications that especially in the case of st.petersburg there 's some confusion about surrounding cities being included in some counts of the population , which would yield an artificially large population . 
  but it does n't seem unreasonable to expect them to make it into the top 5 . 
  certainly they 'd be in the top 10 . 
   this is not unique for europe though , you 're wrong . 
  while there are other models ( and yes , some view the americas as a single continent ) , there 's no other continent that has so arbitrary a definition as europe . 
  there 's objective standards by which we can define continents ; but europe does n't fit any of these standards . 
  * north and south america have an obvious separator in panama . 
  they are also tectonically separate from each other . 
  * the same applies to africa , which is tectonically separate from eurasia , and also separated from it by only a very small land border . 
  * australia and antarctica are both completely separate from other continents , and are also tectonically on their own plates . 
  * india and arabia are both on their own plates as well , and would have greater claim to being continents than europe does by objective criteria . 
  * europe meanwhile , is not on its own plate , and is not geographically separate from asia . 
  the border between the two has never been well defined , even today . 
  even picking the shortest variant still yields an absolutely massive ( and arbitrary ) land border between the two continents . 
  a border that exists for no good reason other than that we want to say we 're europeans and asians instead of eurasians . 
  the criteria for continents is not set in stone , in the sense that it 's not hard science precisely . 
   since when culture is the only thing what defines who 's european and who 's not ? 
  since the invention of the term ` europe ' . 
  `` europe '' has no basis in geography once you strip culture away . 
  there 's no clear divide between it and the rest of eurasia nor is it tectonically separate . 
  the borders of europe have always been fluid , and until relatively recently , were determined pretty much entirely where christians live and have `` claim '' to . 
  these figures are pretty inaccurate . 
  for instance , amsterdam was the third largest city in europe in 1650 with a population of around 200,00 , which was larger than naples at the time . 
  there \u00b4 s also lots of other cities missing even though their population should put them on the list . 
  antwerp in 1500 for instance had a population of 50,000 . 
  of course , these are estimates dating from 1988 . 
  so its to be expected . 
  that same source shows the median wealth of a dutch adult is * higher * than that of a danish adult , while the mean wealth is lower . 
  the median figure is much more useful here . 
  it is a much more accurate representation of the wealth figure you 'd likely end up with if you were to pick a person from either country at random to look at their personal wealth . 
  netherlands gdp per capita : $ 48,253 denmark gdp per capita : $ 45,537 / drops mic and walks away . 
  i refuse . 
  that mic is expensive !, 
  ( another way to keep the danish and dutch apart : the dutch are the thrifty ones ), 
  geographic size is irrelevant . 
  the netherlands has a population , gdp and world presence that dwarfs all but a few of those states . 
  nobody in the world cares about what happens in mississipi . 
  to start with , some of us can actually point out where these states are . 
  or at least know that one is on the gulf coast , and the other is not . 
  secondly , neither of these states are particularly important . 
  certainly not in a global context . 
  thirdly , springfield , missouri , the largest of literally dozens of springfields in the us , has a population of 160,000 . 
  you can not compare people not knowing where a city that size is with not knowing where capitals of countries are . 
  not only are both amsterdam and copenhagen considerably bigger , but they 're also actually important and well known internationally . 
  whereas any of the dozens of springfields in the us are known only because of the simpsons . 
  springfield illinois , despite being the state capital , only has a 100,000 inhabitants , and the one in massachussets has a 150,000 . 
  your analogy would only work if people were upset that americans ca n't figure out the difference between enschede , nl ( 158,000 ) and , aalborg , dk ( 102,000 ) . 
  or , if you 'd prefer to lay the focus on state capitals , ca n't figure out the difference between vejle , dk ( capital of syddanmark ) and zwolle , nl ( capital of overijssel ), 
  it 's the reason why , at varying times , the netherlands was considered to be practically impossible to conquer ( at least , without inside help like napoleon had ) prior to the 20th century .
