   how so ? 
  the ussr at the end of ww2 had control of a large chunk of europe . 
  there was a very real worry that the war would continue ; only now between the west and the ussr . 
   they 're strong enough to rightly worry various neighboring countries and by extension nato , to the point where there is a military build-up to shore up defenses on europe 's eastern flank . 
  which does n't mean russia is n't acting up out of a position of weakness . 
  its military is in severe disrepair and they simply do not have the money to modernize it . 
  russia 's economy is in shambles and will be for a long time to come . 
  russia is simply doing what many autocratic regimes do in such circumstances ; whip up nationalist fervor to secure their own power , and try to jumpstart a failing economy with grand nationalist ambitions . 
  it 's a pattern that repeats time and time again throughout history , and it is never done from a genuine position of strength . 
  if you think this is the behavior of a strong russia , you have n't been paying attention to history very well . 
   europe does not have a single state that can conceivably stop russia . 
  please . 
  russia is incapable of invading any major western eu country . 
  it does not have the logistics capability ; and its antiquated equipment would be no match . 
   but the eu has barely integrated on defense . 
  nonsense . 
  we already have lots of examples of large numbers of troops falling under the operational command of countries other than their origin . 
  for instance , you ca n't simply just attack germany . 
  you 'd also be attacking the netherlands because their land and naval forces are highly integrated . 
  and bringing the netherlands into that fight automatically means you also bring belgium into the fight because they 're integrated into the dutch military . 
  then seperate from those kinds of arrangements there 's the eu battlegroups which are under the direct control of the eu council . 
  they may be small , but they are integrated , and their presence makes it impossible to attack a european country without also drawing in military forces from other countries . 
  invade poland , and it automatically involves the other v4 countries as well . 
  finally , there 's the simple fact that even without nato , eu members are legally obligated to respond in force against an invasion of their own . 
  so even if it were true that there 's little integration ( and it is n't ) , at most that would mean russia would be able to attack poland and keep a bit of territory for a few weeks before eu forces take it right back . 
   furthermore , russia has more missiles and military satellites than the eu . 
  it has been one of their main priorities since the 1960s . 
  european states do n't put nearly as much emphasis on them because the us does it for them . 
  you have absolutely no basis for this claim because the number of military satellites operated by eu states is classified . 
  plus , the majority of russia 's satellites will be soviet era . 
  there 's no reason to think these would be anywhere near as capable as what eu states have available . 
   all of which are areas in which russia is superior . 
  lol . 
  they 're really not . 
  their navy is tiny compared to what the eu has ; lacks many of the eu 's capabilities , and is in horrible condition . 
  some of their combat ships could even be classed as antiques . 
  the number of russian attack aircraft is smaller than that of the eu ; and like their navy , large quantities of their inventory are in poor condition ; or just flat-out obsolete . 
  they certainly are n't superior in that area . 
  the equipment of their ground forces is even more of a joke than their navy , honestly . 
  the numbers are clearly in the favor of the eu when you look at active equipment numbers , which frankly dwarf those of russia . 
  russia only has an advantage when you look at their reserves ; but whether those reserves are even serviceable is highly questionable , and that 's ignoring the fact that vast quantities of those reserves consists of tanks like the t55 . 
  which we have exactly nothing to fear from . 
  as for their supposed `` superiority '' in terms of missiles and satellites ? 
  that 's pure speculation . 
   europe has every interest to improve relations with russia so as not to force them into an alliance with china . 
  you mixed those up . 
  china is a massive market for us and vice versa ; while russia is a bit player in that regard . 
  plus , europe and china are far enough away from each other that regional ambitions do n't get in the way of one another . 
  china is no threat to us . 
  it makes no sense for us to improve relations with russia to prevent them from entering an alliance with china ; and all the sense to improve relations with china to prevent them from entering an alliance with russia . 
  improving relations with russia just means that at best , we get a highly unreliable partner on our border that we 'll never be able to trust . 
  i said at normal operation ; not at full speed . 
  as an ssk/intelligence gathering sub , the walrus is not designed for high cruising speed anyway . 
  it 's designed to submerge and go quiet once it reaches its target area , laying in wait for enemy ships , insert special forces onto an enemy shoreline , and tap into enemy communications networks . 
  it does n't have to be fast to do any of those things , and a few knots of submerged speed is plenty for those purposes . 
  doing that , it can indeed stay submerged for months . 
  the sub 's snorkel ( a dutch invention btw !, 
  ) , which your article mentioned , does technically allow it to move faster and still be submerged . 
  we 're currently in the process of preparing a replacement for the class ; which will almost certainly have aip . 
   with subs , diesel is a huge disadvantage , because you need air for the combustion engines to charge batteries . 
  that means surfacing and being vulnerable and detectable not as much as you may think . 
  i know dutch diesel-electric subs can stay underwater for up to 2 months at a time without having to surface , when operating normally . 
  and the only reason they have to surface at that point is because of food supplies , not because the batteries have run out . 
  let 's see ... waste another hour of my life digging through sources and what not in order to rob of your illusions only to have you just ignore/twist it all anyway ... ... or go do something productive with my life . 
  we 've got v4 's now ; and the british have been moaning about them coming over for years !, 
   in terms of new submarines for the royal netherlands navy , even hdw has a solution for that , the type 216 . 
  40 % longer , more operational endurance , 5 more crew and ion-lithium batteries . 
  type 216 is a mere design concept . 
  and does n't really work for us since knowledge maintenance is part of the goal ; and that just does n't happen if we go for something like the type 216 instead of designing our own . 
   another reason why i 'd see germany as the first ones to talk to for new aquisitions . 
  but we 're not talking to germany . 
  in fact , the first people we talked to were the swedes ; and they 're the ones we 're most likely going to be partnering with ; saab and damen will be splitting the work . 
   despite these dangers , the us ( and the rest of the world ) continues to spend on carriers . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  first ; it 's really only the us that 's continuing to spend on them en-masse . 
  loads of other countries could technically afford many more than they currently do ; but are n't doing so . 
  what does that tell * you * ? 
  carrier forces spend on them because they 're useful in the current climate . 
  the us spends on them because it can afford to both maintain a large carrier force and the naval assets needed to still be useful in a war even when their carriers get sunk . 
  the us and italy are the only countries that currently have more than 1 fleet carrier ( and italy only has 2 ) . 
  even the most ambitious carrier programs of other countries do n't foresee more than 3 carriers in active service ( china ) . 
  carrier programs are hideously expensive ; and most countries wisely decide not to focus their fleets around carriers the way the us does ; because doing so would leave them deficient in other areas since they would n't be able to afford to do both . 
  if you have to choose between either an aircraft carrier , or half a dozen frigates/destroyers , the latter is the obvious choice . 
   of course , but to suggest they 're obsolete ? 
  it 's a fringe view . 
  not really . 
  carriers in their original role have been obsolete for decades ; and this is n't a fringe opinion , but rather mainstream consensus . 
  since ww2 , we 've really only seen them used as mobile bases ; place them near some middle-eastern country , and go to town from relative safety . 
  but that 's not what carriers ( especially fleet carriers ) are really designed to do . 
  they 're supposed to be offensive platforms that take out enemy ships/fleets from beyond the horizon ; a role they 've been obsolete in for quite some time now . 
  in their ad-hoc new role of mobile base ; they 're far from obsolete of course . 
  but that 's only so long as you pick the countries you go to war with very carefully . 
  if ww3 were to start tomorrow , you 'd find aircraft carriers being in pretty much the same position battleships were at the onset of ww2 . 
   except all the ways navies have devised to get around that ? 
  they have n't devised any ways around that . 
  nobody has an answer to hypersonic missile barrages . 
   even if , and that is a big if , a submarine was able to sink a us fleet supercarrier not a big if if it keeps happening in damn near every other exercise . 
   and that is a big if , a submarine was able to sink a us fleet supercarrier , we 'd still have 9 left destroying a supercarrier would be a huge blow to us morale . 
  it would also represent an incredible loss of investment and resources . 
  and if you 've lost one , you will almost certainly lose 2 .
