   and the uk is the second higher net contributor it 's not , actually . 
  it 's fourth . 
  germany is the biggest , contributing an average 19.9 % of the budget . 
  followed by france , at 17.7 % , and then italy at 13.6 % . 
  and by contributions relative to gni you 're 9th . 
   and the uk pays more than about 6 of them combined . 
  that is n't even remotely true . 
  taking the 6 ( out of 10 ) smallest net contributors , yields more than 2 billion over the uk 's net contribution . 
  you do pay more than 5 of them , but that does n't really mean as much as you think it does . 
  if you need to include luxembourg in a list in order to pad out the number , you 're not really going to impress anyone . 
  if we added up all those countries that taken together you barely manage to outspend , and formed a single country with them , its population would be only slightly larger than half the uk 's figure . 
  so lets not pretend like the uk has been particularly generous . 
   we 'll take hardship before we take paying anything to the eu now . 
  idiots . 
  you 'll take bigger losses , to avoid paying lesser losses now . 
  how on earth did you people ever manage to build a functional society if that kind of behavior is part of your culture . 
  the answer of course , is that it 's not really part of your cultur and you 're also idiots for not realizing that this is a win-win situation for the eu either way . 
  the eu knows exactly what it 's doing here . 
  if you pay , then great , the eu isnt inconvenienced by a budget shortfall , and demonstrates to the rest of the continent that its rules are going to have to be followed . 
  a political and economic victory . 
  if you do n't pay ; congratulations , you give the eu a full cassus belli to make an example out of you without looking like it is punishing you ( which would look bad , after all ) . 
  and all this for the small price of a budget inconvenience . 
  after all , you 're the ones who did n't want to fulfill the simple obligations you had previously agreed to . 
  and thus you will leave without a trade agreement and thus an economy that will suffer severe consequences , to say nothing of the united european resolve to treat you as a competitor instead of a partner . 
  and this , of course , then demonstrates to the rest of europe , the consequences of leaving the union . 
  a political victory in exchange for some minor economic hurt . 
   we pay about 12 % of the eu budget . 
  no idea where you 've got 5 billion from . 
  he got it from eu budget figures . 
  the average net contribution of the uk is 4,8 billion , which represents 10,7 % of contributions to the eu and which is a relatively low contribution compared to other net contributors . 
   and no idea why you 're mentioning gdp . 
  probably to point out the fact that you 're not really going to make the eu sweat by refusing to pay . 
  losing that money is an inconvenience because it means the existing budgets are no longer valid and have to be reworked in order to make up for the shortfall , but 5 billion a year ultimately is n't much to the eu and will be replaced without too much difficulty . 
   it is time you faced reality i think . 
  words fail me . 
   really ? 
  plenty of legal commentators have pointed out that the bill is n't a legal issue . 
  plenty of self-serving uk commentators , maybe . 
   we pay the bill , we probably do n't get a trade deal anyway . 
  at this stage , not paying is looking like the wiser move . 
  if you do n't get a trade deal , it will be entirely due to your own incompetence in matters of international politics and negotiation . 
  if you do n't pay , you are * certain * not to get one . 
  if you do pay , you may or may not get one right away , but at least you wo n't be known as a country that refuses to pay its debts and keep to its obligations . 
  and being outside the eu , you will want as good a reputation as you can possible have , to help you negotiate in the world . 
  but we probably should n't expect the uk 's recent demonstration of utter political incompetence to be set aside any time soon , i suppose . 
   nothing is owed . 
  you do . 
  stubborn insistence to the contrary does n't change anything . 
   and then we do n't . 
  not really how it works i 'm afraid . 
  your stubborn insistence to the contrary notwithstanding . 
  but even if it * did * work that way ; you 're still going to have to pay regardless if you want anything even remotely resembling a useful trade agreement . 
  and as others have pointed out , having a good trade agreement with us will earn you much more than paying us the money you owe us will cost you . 
  given the decision making process the uk has demonstrated the past couple of years though , one can only assume you 're all looking to pick the absolute worst option whenever you 're faced with a choice . 
  so by all means ... 
   except that eu funds are paid in advance ... . 
  which is n't relevant in this case . 
   and the eu wrote article 50 . 
  the obligations listed in the treaties stop applying to the leaving member state . 
  it 's not that nuanced . 
  sure . 
  i 'll take the self-serving comment of some random brit over the informed legal opinion of countless experts . 
  / s you will either settle the bill , and we can start negotiating on equitable terms . 
  or you can stubbornly refuse . 
  but if you do , do n't expect that you 'll be leaving the union with anything other than the economic security of a third world country . 
  you do n't pay the bill , you do n't get a trade agreement . 
   but we are fully paid up . 
  obviously you 're not , or we would n't be having this conversation . 
   you do n't keep paying your isp bill for years after you have left . 
  except you might . 
  if you sign up for a subscription for 5 years , and you go to a different provider a year in , guess what ? 
  you 're * still * legally obligated to pay for another 4 years . 
  the uk made commitments , now it has to honor them . 
  these commitments do not magically cease to exist when they walk away . 
  they 'll pay what 's owed . 
  pretending like they do n't have to pay a thing may provide for a nice delusion , but the uk will not like the results of such a strategy i 'm afraid . 
  they stop applying * going forward * . 
  it does n't magically void your past dues . 
  if you buy an isp subscription , fail to pay your bill for a year , and then end your subscription ; you 're * still * going to have to pay for that year . 
  * you signed the fucking contract . 
   you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  well , one of us does n't . 
  i 'll give you that much . 
   kinetic is extremely useful ; it 's what mbts use . 
  well yes , and no . 
  yes , kinetic ap rounds are among the loadouts a tank can use . 
  but modern armor is very much designed to counter that , and your standard sabot rounds are n't particularly effective . 
  you 're not going to find many ( if any ) examples of a modern mbt being taken out by a sabot round . 
  heat shells are much more effective in practice against pure armour , and are precisely why reactive armour was developed in the first place . 
  even with the full range of defensive measures in place on an mbt , you 're almost surely still better off firing a heat or hep round at it than a sabot . 
   tandem warheads have nothing to do with kinetic weapons never said that they did . 
  just that they 've got a proven track record of success . 
   reactive armor does n't help against kinetic weapons . 
  there 's not a tank in the world that uses * only * reactive armor . 
  just because a tank employs it as part of its defensive measures , does n't mean a kinetic round will be particularly effective . 
   first , how many of those at missiles were newer types ? 
  a lot . 
  actually . 
  in fact , the lebanon war was kind of noteworthy precisely because of how hezbollah deployed much more advanced anti-tank weapons than expected . 
  they used mainly metis-m 's , kornet 's , and rpg-29 's , all of which are quite capable .
