  ... but i 'm pretty sure it 'd just lead to some screaming about immigrants this or brussels that . 
  could n't really ask for a better demonstration of some of what i 've said in regards to people 's stupidity and its consequences , though . 
   at a certain level of wealth you can do litteraly anything . 
  no , you literally ca n't . 
  money does n't buy you a proton pack and a giant , evil , marshmellow man wrecking havoc in new york , nor does it buy you the frustration that comes with having your ass kicked because your idiot buddy answered ` no ' to the question of whether or not he 's a god . 
  you 're missing the point of the joke : if you have a million rubles in your bank , you 're technically a millionaire . 
  but that only translates to around 11,000 euros . 
  unless the echr ruled * against * prisoner right to vote or the right to privacy on business premises ; i 'm not seeing the problem . 
  prisoners are still citizens of their respective countries , and you can not deny them the vote without violating their rights . 
  that is n't a vague matter at all . 
  similarily , right to privacy applying to business premises is n't all that vague either . 
  seems pretty clear to me ( and fully intended to protect employees ) . 
  just because it hinders investigations is n't an argument against it . 
  having better internationally agreed upon standards is of course , also a desirable thing , but i do n't see any of the examples you mentioned as being an issue . 
   the rights it embodies are out of date , thats issue n1 that 's a reason to update it . 
  not abolish it . 
   the eu now covers human rights , the echr has limited reach and from what i can tell has been a bit soft on turkey and russia . 
  again , a reason to reform it . 
  not abolish it . 
  especially since not every european country is subject to eu laws . 
   not saying no human rights , but if there are two courts with supremacy over human rights people will shop between courts and the courts will compete to give favorable verdicts or awknowledge frivolous claims to promote their court 's power . 
  i 'm not sure this is actually even the case . 
  i would have to see some source for the claim that both are supposed to be supreme . 
   this argument does n't work with established democracies . 
  yes it fucking does . 
  what , you think democracies are magically immune to it just because they 've been around for a while ? 
   yes , britain could fall to totalitarianism but so could any country by that argument . 
  yes . 
  that 's kind of the point , and part of the whole reason things like the echr exist . 
   no british monarch has attempted to rule in an absolutist fashion since charles i and that was prevented by parliament and did n't especially end well for him . 
  when did this become about british monarchs ? 
  we 're talking about governments getting corrupted and going on to do evil shit . 
   the people 's power comes from their decision at the voting booth as well as non-voting forms of political action . 
  it does n't need to be protected by a constitution because it 's protected by tradition and common law . 
  it 's final check is from the people themselves . 
  oh my god , how can anyone with access to history and basic common sense seriously believe this ? 
  and moreover , that any of it is somehow an argument against something like the echr ? 
  when tyranny comes to a country , it 's often because the people were stupid enough to demand it themselves , not realizing what the actual fuck they were getting themselves into . 
  '' ; is not a good argument in any context . 
   but different interpretations by the contracting states are no longer possible if the ecthr interprets a right in a specific way . 
  and this is a problem , how ? 
  because it means states ca n't , for example , decide that as long as you call torture ` enhanced interrogation ' , it 's perfectly fine to do ? 
  unless the court 's deciding that jaywalking is a human rights violation or some such , i do n't see a problem . 
  do you have an example of the court interpreting human rights in a problematic matter ? 
   i have no fear of parliament becoming totalitarian like many americans do , parliament 's sovereignty is taken directly from the mandate it is given by the people , it can not therefore be abused because if it is , they have already lost the mandate . 
  it takes some incredibly thick blinders to believe this nonsense . 
  you do understand that having a mandate given to them by the people is an utterly craptastic guarantee that they wo n't abuse it/descend into totalitarianism , right ? 
  history is replete with examples that show your faith to be laughably naieve . 
  just because it works now , does n't mean it always will . 
  any and * every * system of government can be twisted and corrupted to work against its people . 
  that is why you want * as many * checks and balances as possible ; the more the better . 
  you certainly do n't want to go about breaking them down . 
   well with a twist : beeing a millionaire in russia could probably be way funnier than beeing a millionaire in the netherlands . 
  well sure . 
  but it 's only funnier because the russian millionaire would think he 's rich even though having a million rubles worth of income a year would mean you 're below the poverty line in the netherlands . 
  i 'm pretty sure that joke would get more laughs in the netherlands than in russia , though . 
  even if it * protects * you from a parliament out of control ? 
  ... and why , exactly , should it be abolished ? 
  there is literally no reason anyone ought to want to abolish it , unless they 're a government looking to violate some human rights and want to remove as many obstacles as possible . 
  otherwise , there 's no reason whatsoever to do so . 
  i read that as beer-spray . 
  the only way for my dissappointment to dissipate is if the bear-spray literally sprays bears straight out of the can and into the world . 
   and what happens when foreigner decide to drive on the right because this is how things works in his country ? 
  the cops arrest them for driving while blind . 
  [ negativity bias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/negativity_bias ) . 
  just because someone gives a number like 90 % ( which is a rather typical ' i just made this number up based on my feelings right now ' type of number ) does n't mean that the number is accurate , not even for their own experiences . 
  but his one visit in 15 years obviously outweighs your native amsterdammer experience , because ... because ... because fuck amsterdam and/or foreign people i guess . 
  well , i 'm not sure whether i should be pleased that you understand sate does n't refer to the sauce ... ... or that you would forsake pindasaus . 
  hey , do n't feel bad . 
  have some sate . 
  is that a no as in : `` we will not rejoin the motherland '' or a no as in : `` no , that is not a yes ? '', 
  because if it 's the latter , then it 's not a no to rejoining the motherland . 
  is that a yes ? 
  that 's only when looking at export * value * , though . 
  but zeeuws-vlaanderen had been part of the netherlands centuries before belgium even existed !, 
  we will agree however , to hand it over if you rejoin the motherland . 
   i had never heard about it in iceland . 
  super interested in a source for that considering how little we ever hear about nordic slavery in general . 
  it 's mentioned on a bunch of different sites , [ like this one ] ( http://storeyinstitute.blogspot.nl/2014/11/evangelicalism-and-slavery-historic.html ) , although i have n't found one that goes in depth . 
  ( it should be noted that the site i just linked also states that spain abolished it in 1542 , which they only did for native americans and not black africans . ), 
   but i have a problem with suggesting that stopping slaves in the mainland and indian provinces for portugal counts . 
  if abolishing the slave trade in britain but not the owning of slave counts ( and abolishing the latter later on , but not in india and various other places ) , then portugal 's efforts must also count . 
  no , the cartwright case does n't count ; since it did n't establish slavery as illegal in any form . 
  it simply ruled that there was a limit to how much you could beat a man . 
  you also have to consider that the slave around which the case revolved was most likely a white and christian slave , i doubt the court would 've ruled the way they did had the slave been black . 
   props to the french for trying though . 
  i 'm confused how it could be reintroduced ... like did they just round up all the former slaves and put them back to work . 
  that seems like a bureaucratic nightmare . 
  remember , travel and communication was n't as fast back then as it is today . 
  the central government could declare all sorts of laws , but their power to enforce such laws was relatively limited . 
  slave owners in distant colonies were probably in no rush to implement the new rules . 
  napoleon simply made it so that all of the colonies that had n't implemented the anti-slavery laws were n't bound by it . 
   i think haiti declared independence before the end of the slave trade so they are probably in that group to . 
  i think that they scrapped the slavery as soon as they broke free . 
  they did . 
  in fact , the reintroduction of slavery under napoleon , even though it did not apply to haiti , was in large part responsible for their independence . 
  there are other countries that fully abolished slavery in the period before britain did , though . 
  greece , uruguay , chile , mexico , gran colombia , the federal republic of central america , and bolivia all abolished it fully before britain did . 
  britain was instrumental in ending the slave trade around the world , but it is incorrect to claim they were the first to abolish slavery . 
  do n't be a sore loser .
