  1672 was still in everyone 's memory ; when the french easily bypassed the south , and in a matter of months took vast swaths of the republic 's heartland . 
  naarden , was taken without a fight . 
  utrecht was occupied . 
  yes , defenses were upgraded following that disaster , but the people of the time would not have thought themselves anything but vulnerable . 
  really any comprehensive work on the glorious revolution should include mention of some or all of these things . 
  anything by jonathan israel is good ( though you could start with [ this essay ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/history-in-the-making-the-glorious-revolution-of-1688-91-was-really-a-dutch-invasion-this-distortion-1565642.html ) ) , being an expert historian on the subject , but you can find similar conclusions from other authors that have tackled the topic , like lisa jardine or simon jenkins . 
  well for one he had already been assembling his invasion force for months ( and had plans for longer still ) which he started to do in april , when he arranged for this invitation to be sent ( keeping in mind that the invitation was received on july 30th ) ; we know this because there is a direct record of william telling admiral russel by what time he could ready his military force should he be invited . 
  admiral russel of course , was one of the 7 who signed the invitation later sent out . 
  we also know that william had been engaging in secret correspondence with english politicians for at least a year , coinciding with the publishing at his behest of an open letter to the english public decrying james ' religious policy , but that was an obvious and thinly veiled bid for the english throne . 
  there 's also the fact that the invasion force was absolutely massive for its time . 
  it would make no sense for william to assemble and then cross and land with such a large force if he was invited by the english people and assured the throne . 
  especially given that it left the republic dangerously vulnerable to an aggressive france which had already threathened to invade if the republic should intervene in england ( the whole reason england was invaded in the first place was to ensure william had the means to contain france , which was his life 's work ) . 
  nor would london have to be placed under the occupation of dutch soldiers for nearly 2 years if that was the case . 
  this is all fairly well established history and fairly obvious when looking at the dutch perspective/context of the time . 
  the fiction that it was just a revolution really only makes sense if you exclude all external facts and look purely at english sources ( and especially those from after william 's very succesful propaganda campaign to legitimize his rule ), 
  we know the invitation was manufactured by william to begin with . 
  it was just a pretext for the invasion . 
  the eic only managed to trade one-fifth as much as the voc . 
  flowers really is ` our thing ' wherever . 
  77 % of all flower bulbs sold in the world come either from or through our country , and we own like half the global market share for flowers and flower-related products . 
  it 's kind of our thing . 
  that is not the implication at all . 
  what i stated was that they are considerably richer than the * region 's average * ( so yes , among others they are richer than places like haiti or jamaica ) and are classed as high income economies according to the definition of the world bank ( high income ecountries correspond roughly with the developed world ) ; thus dispelling the claim i was responding to that they have ` very low living standards ' . 
  you must be replying to the wrong person . 
  sorry , you 're still wrong . 
  the vast majority of the french overseas territories are * also * considered high income . 
  all of the ones in the carribean are . 
  they are not poor . 
  the only french ot that is afaik is mayotte ; and there 's undoubtedly many reasons for that which are somewhat out of the control of the french homeland . 
  the dutch islands rank among the richest islands in the carribean . 
  their gdp per capita is far above the average for the region . 
  they are n't poor . 
  they 're all defined as high income economies . 
  they do n't have `` very low living standards '' ; just the opposite in fact . 
  these are n't third world locations ; their standard of living is comparable to places like portugal . 
  that site 's shit though . 
  according to their methodology , the pollution index is mainly based surveys taken by visitors to the site . 
  not a particularly useful metric to determine the * actual * reality of pollution output in a country . 
  our air and water quality are among the worst in europe and violate eu standards . 
  and within the eu , only czechia , germany , and belgium have higher per capita emissions . 
  not really . 
  carbon credits are severely flawed in themselves . 
  again , nice in theory , but in practice gets abused . 
  there just is n't sufficient oversight to ensure that there 's actually an offset to the carbon credits bought . 
  in fact , according to at least one [ study ] ( https://www.sei-international.org/mediamanager/documents/publications/climate/sei-wp-2015-07-ji-lessons-for-carbon-mechs.pdf ) carbon trading schemes may actually have resulted in as much as 600 million tonnes of * additional * co2 pollution that otherwise would not have been pumped out into the atmosphere . 
  unless the accounting is absolutely rock-solid and the mechanisms strictly enforced ; the only thing carbon credits accomplish is give companies and countries a moral check to keep on polluting , because supposedly their pollution is being offset elsewhere when in fact it is n't . 
   i mean , usually keep it that way . 
  this here is the whole reason katrina was as problematic as it was . 
  levee standards in the us ( and elsewhere , to be fair ) are kind of a joke by dutch standards . 
  the levees in new orleans are designed to be able to withstand the kind of storm that happens once a century . 
  that 's down from the original vision of levees capable of withstanding a storm that happens 200 to 300 years . 
  which would still be a joke by dutch standards . 
  dutch law dictates that all of our dikes have to be able , at minimum to withstand the kind of storm that happens only once every 1250 years . 
  in actuality , the dikes in the most populated and vulnerable areas are designed to withstand the kind of storm that happens only once every * ten thousand years * . 
  and many voices in government still consider that to be insufficient . 
  the problem is that it is n't tied to the electricity being consumed ; just the electricity being produced . 
  so when a country produces more renewable energy than it consumes , it can sell these certificates that let companies in other countries claim they 're being ` green ' ; but because the certificate is n't tied to consumption , there 's absolutely no guarantee that it actually leads to an increase in green energy consumption ( and a subsequent drop in the fossil fuel energy ) . 
  company a in the netherlands could buy enough certificates from company b in norway to claim they 're 100 % renewable despite being 100 % fossil fuel powered , while the produced energy in norway those certificates are tied to could just wind up going to waste because it does n't actually get transported to the netherlands in the first place . 
  in that case , fossil fuel consumption remains the same . 
  you 've just added renewable power production that does n't get used . 
  in reality you probably do n't get such extreme examples of course , but there 's absolutely going to be more waste than desireable ; and at the same creating a false impression that we 're going much more green than we actually are ( making it seem less pressing to take real action ) . 
  they started looking like this in the 90 's , you know . 
  just not quite to the same extent as with ships like the visby or zumwalt ; but the trend was clear . 
  eh ... it could . 
  but it really * should n't * . 
  we 're one of the worst polluters in europe , and the previous governments have all been a disaster when it comes to our renewable goals . 
  any signs of being pro-environment from the government have been just empty gestures . 
  the article makes a bunch of points that just do n't hold up . 
  like for instance that the electric trains of the national railways are all windpowered . 
  yes . 
  this is true . 
  what they neglect to mention ( or failed to discover like they should have as journalists ) is that we do n't even produce enough windpower to accomplish this , so it 's only possible by using windpower from other countries . 
  but wait !, 
  we 're not actually even importing said windpower . 
  the power companies just buy enough guarantee of origin certificates , which are n't even attached to the actual power being consumed . 
  they could claim to be 100 % renewable powered while in reality being 100 % coal powered . 
  i really wish i could say this article was reflective of reality , but it 's not even close . 
   why are all the buildings the same color size strictly speaking this is n't true . 
  amsterdam 's historic houses can vary quite considerably in size , shape , and color . 
  though they tend to do so within a certain ` range ' , which does easily lead to the conclusion that if you 've seen a bit of amsterdam , you 've seen it all . 
  there 's a couple of reasons for this . 
  first , the most obvious reason is that most of them were built in the same period . 
  if you 're visiting a district where 99 % of the houses were built in say the 1660 's , do n't be surprised they all share a similar feel , architecture , and construction material . 
  second , building plots were , for various reasons , narrow and deep . 
  if you look at photos of amsterdam from above , you can really see how wildly the sizes of amsterdam 's old houses can differ ; a house that looks the same size from the front can in reality be twice as big or more . 
  aside from the shape/size of building plots , another reason why amsterdam 's houses are almost all narrow from the font is that there was a tax on the width of your front facade . 
  to reduce this tax , houses were narrow and deep . 
  sometimes this led to people cheating by having very narrow houses at the front that then got wider at the back , like the infamous singel 7 , which looks like [ this ] ( http://www.mokums.nl/amsterdam/smalste_gevel_amsterdam.jpg ) from the front facade , but becomes a normal width-sized house immediately behind that because it 's in a triangular shaped plot . 
  nonetheless , sometimes wealthy people bought multiple plots and built much wider . 
  for instance , compare the [ smallest house ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/56/voorzijde_kleinste_huis_van_amsterdam.jpg/260px-voorzijde_kleinste_huis_van_amsterdam.jpg ) to the [ biggest house ] ( https://tippinthescales.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/trippenhuis.jpg ) ( at least of the old stuff ) . 
   the dutch navy is pretty small and inconsequential small , but hardly inconsequential . 
  do n't forget that the dutch navy is one of the few nato navies capable of blue-water operations ; much moreso even than some of the carrier navies like italy . 
  and dutch vessels like the walrus , karel doorman and holland classes bring some fairly unique capabilities to nato not found in other fleets ; and the dutch destroyers have the most capable sensor/radar systems in the alliance . 
  the dutch navy is small , but punches well above its weight . 
   in fact , i remember reading that the only country that provided close air support for us forces , aside from the us itself , was the netherlands . 
  seems plausible , and nothing new . 
  during the yugoslav war , the uk , us , and netherlands were the only countries capable and willing to hit ` hard ' targets ( not to mention having a very high accuracy ) ; meaning targets protected by active aa and the like . 
  i believe a dutch f16 was also the first to shoot down a mig-29 . 
  again , a small airforce that seems to punch above its weight . 
  and the frigates are just old dutch ships we sold off .
