  the only people i call simple-minded are the people ( be they americans or otherwise ) who genuinely believe the idea that your government would spend trillions of dollars invading foreign countries for ` democracy ' . 
   meanwhile , you believe without question actual propaganda invented by countries like iran and russia , oh look , you 've found yourself another strawman . 
  have you taken a look at my posting history ? 
  if you dig through it you should n't have much difficulty finding numerous examples of me mocking the shit out of russian propaganda and the tools who believe it . 
  much more so than i do the occasional american like yourself . 
  yes , you do n't quite have a firm grasp on reality when it comes to certain matters ; but let 's not pretend that * i * pretend you 're anywhere near the level of russians . 
   therefore am i still responsible on some level for the election of bush ( who , by the way , ran as an isolationist ) ? 
  arguably , yes . 
  obviously far less so than someone who did vote him . 
  the amount of responsibility you have for that is pretty much negligible , in fact . 
  but there 's the argument that you ( and others in your position ) could 've either done more to prevent ( by campaigning harder or what have you ) it , as well the argument that you could 've taken a number of steps after the election to separate yourself from the collective responsibility a populace holds for the actions of its government . 
  of course , it 's unreasonable to expect people to rise up in revolt or renounce citizenship because the guy they voted for did n't make it into office ( and anyone who does so is probably insane ) ; but not taking these sort of steps can be taken as ( ever so slight ) tacit support for what follows . 
   on multiple occasions i have brought up issues such as the foreign policy blunders of the u.k. to a citizen only to be told i have no ground to stand on as an american . 
  i have a few friends who have run into the same issue . 
  it 's certainly true that america as a * country * is in no position to lecture others on foreign policy blunders . 
  however , two wrongs do n't make a right , and americans as individuals are certainly capable of and allowed to argue about such things . 
  whether their arguments are * right * is a separate matter and depends on the specific issue , of course . 
  but that 's the sort of thing you argue about in the first place instead of cutting off altogether . 
  generally speaking , i think people are able to separate americans from the american government just fine ... ... on the other hand , i * do n't * think it 's entirely unfair to hold the american people themselves accountable for the actions of their government . 
  you 're a democracy , after all . 
  you 're supposed to have the power to change things . 
  we can argue the degree to which someone in a democratic country has responsibility for the actions of their government , but there is * a * degree of responsibility . 
  now if the first thing they do upon learning someone is an american is to go on an angry rant about everything america does wrong ; they 're just an asshole . 
  but it 's perfectly fair, 
  well , to start with : that 's not actually what the word ` hypocrisy ' means . 
  but whatever . 
  that aside . 
  if pursuing their own interests results in massive civilian casualties and suffering for what looks like essentially zero gains to anyone ( including the us ) ; then yes ... 
  i want them to stop . 
  does stopping a couple of terrorists really justify causing that many civilian casualties ( and the inevitable terrorists that are thus created ) ? 
  wanting them to defend themselves and their allies does n't mean we should just be okay with that kind of shit . 
  we do n't want you to reduce your military budget . 
  we want you to stop bombing civilians in the name of fighting terrorism and spreading `` democracy '' . 
  it 's americans who are always on their high horse about these things ; but who somehow always end up making things * worse * . 
  you do n't fight terrorism by bombing people 's weddings , and you ca n't spread democracy to a population from the outside . 
  i 'm sure it makes you feel better to think that if people do n't like your country 's foreign policy it 's only because they do n't ` understand ' you . 
  but it 's self-justifying bullshit . 
  if western europeans do n't like you , it 's * because * they understand you and are n't fooled by simple-minded `` we 're just trying to spread democracy u gais '' type propaganda . 
  americans are often grossly unaware of what their own government is doing around the world . 
  europeans are less ignorant of these things ; and see their own past reflected in them . 
  we do n't like your country 's behavior because it 's all too familiar . 
  if you want europeans to like you , maybe : * do n't try to defend mass-espionage on us and passing sensitive information along to your own corporations . 
  * do n't get up on a moral high-horse about international law , then do everything in your power to undermine the icc ( including threathening your own long-standing allies with invasion ) * do n't do shit like knowingly shunt your allies into taking the pr hit of letting genocide happen and making sure they do n't get the air support needed to avoid it ( ie ; srebrenica ) . 
  * do n't invoke article 5 when you get attacked by non-state actors ; then have your politicians and populace start bitching about your continued nato membership when it looks increasingly plausible that someone else might invoke article 5 against an actual state . 
  * stop pretending that you 're trying to support democracy when you 're propping up despotic regimes and have a history of forcing regime change in your neighborhood when the democratic process yields results you do n't like . 
  * do n't tell everyone a country has wmd 's in order to justify an invasion when you have every reason to suspect doing so is a blatant lie . 
  to name a few things of note . 
  europeans like * americans * just fine for the most part . 
  we * do n't * like your foreign policy and how some of you seem intrinsically incapable of national self-reflection . 
  isolationist usa is not what the european left has always wanted . 
  a less overtly jingoist usa is what the european left wants . 
  sure : open your own posting history , close your eyes , pick up a cat and put him on top of your mouse , now close the cat 's eyes , allow the cat to flip out enough for the mouse to have made sufficiently random movements , now click the mouse button . 
  then , open your eyes . 
  if you misclicked and did not open up one of your posts , repeat this process until one of your posts is opened . 
   i do n't blindly trust allegations . 
  unless those allegations happen to favor russia in some way , as is obvious from your posting history . 
   there 's roughly only a dozen destroyers though . 
  ignoring that he was talking about vs russia ; the above simply is n't true . 
  you 're assuming that what european navies describe as frigates are actual frigates and not destroyers in terms of size and armament . 
  there are a lot more than a dozen destroyers in the eu arsenal when looking beyond naming conventions . 
   but how many replenishment ships for that fleet ? 
  there 's like 10 unrep ships for that entire fleet . 
  i 'm also not sure where you get the idea there 's only 10 unrep ships in the eu arsenal . 
  germany alone has 4 with more on the way . 
  something like 6 or 7 in the uk navy ; 3 for the french ; 1 for the dutch ( that also serves as a seabasing/amphibious command platform ) , 2 for the spanish , 3 for the italians , and whatever else the various other navies have . 
  we definitely need more capacity in that regard , but saying we only have 10 is simply unfair . 
   and only 8 long range transports that can even carry armor ( all 8 belong to the uk ) . 
  i 'm guessing you 're referring to the c-17 globemaster iii ; if so , the uk is * not * the only eu country that has access to these . 
  the heavy airlift wing is an international consortium that grants its members a certain number of guaranteed flight hours on its fleet of c17 's . 
  granted , it 's not a lot ; but still , the uk is n't the only one . 
  the a400m atlas , while smaller than the c17 and designed as a large tactical lifter , can also serve as a strategic transport and is capable of transporting armor . 
  there 'll be about 160 of these in the eu arsenal in the coming years . 
  other than those points , you 're right of course : and i support a unified eu military for those reasons . 
  means basically the same thing and sounds basically the same . 
  wat de fok * is * dutch though . 
  granted , not something we came up with independently of the english term ; but it makes just as much sense in dutch to say as ` what the fuck ' does in english . 
  which is exactly what russia has been doing . 
  repeatedly . 
  germany is considered a brown water navy , though . 
  whereas the dutch navy is easily considered a green water navy ; in between the global and sustained power projection of a blue water navy , and the purely local sustained power projection of a brown water one . 
  it does have ample replenishment capabilities , but the german navy does n't really have any sealift capabilities the way the dutch navy does ( which has considerable sealift ) with its lpd 's and the jss ( which can function as a mobile base of operations in a way german ships can not ) . 
  and if russia had a reputation of honor agreements instead of breaking them , maybe that 'd be relevant . 
   but us puts under risk whole eu by placing there it 's anti-missiles . 
  you * do * realize that what you 're actually saying here is that if your neighbours take steps to defend themselves from you ... they 're placing themselves at risk of * needing to be defended from you * , right ? 
  do you not understand you are ** proving exactly why we need anti-missile systems in the first place ? 
  ** if russians were n't batshit crazy and could be relied upon to be peaceful neighbours , they would n't constantly be saying this sort of shit and we would n't need to protect ourselves from them . 
  the problem does n't lie with us , buddy . 
   and on the other hand , how will you react , if russian battleship will decide to have some military training few kilometers away from one of nato military bases ? 
  with rampant confusion as to how i 've suddenly travelled back in time , since russia does n't * have * battleships . 
  also , the american destroyer was more than `` a few kilometers away . 
  '' ; it was at least a 112 kilometers away from russian land ( which is well outside their territorial waters ) . 
  so if a russian ship were to try and get even by conducting military training exercises only a * few * kilometers away from a nato base ( the use of the word ` few ' would almost certainly mean it 'd be within less than 10 kilometers of the base , and therefore within nato territory ) ; i 'd be more worried about the state of russian education that they ca n't even figure out how things like * distance * work . 
  contrary to popular opinion , we 're not being swamped . 
  certainly not here in the netherlands , where the numbers do n't justify anything near that kind of terminology . 
  he thinks that this is / r/numerology, 
  report ahead !, 
  nobody ever listens to the frisians anyway ... ... nobody 's coming to help you . 
  frisians are n't a race . 
  we can opress them all we want . 
  why ?
