  imagine flipping a coin , where one side is the god side and other the no god side . 
  it has a 50/50 of landing on either side . 
  but that does n't mean i can both believe it comes up as the god side * as well * as believe it comes as the no god side at the same time . 
  that is not possible after all . 
  i will either have to believe one side comes up and acknowledge the possibility that it could be the other instead ; * or * i can refuse to commit to either ; this would be the pure agnosticism you 're claiming exists ... however : if i then ask you if you believe the god side came up ... the answer would by definition have to be : ** no . 
  ** you do * not * after all , believe that it did . 
  in other words , you 'd be an atheist and there 's no such thing as pure agnosticism . 
   atheism alone is too strict already , even in its broadest definitions . 
  no , it is n't . 
  there is absolutely nothing strict about `` lacking a belief in god '' . 
  i do n't know where this ` dawkin 's scale ' comes from . 
  dawkin did not come up with any of those terms ; and the scale does n't make any sense . 
  defacto theist/atheist are completely unnecessary as they mean exactly the same thing as weak theist/atheist other than a completely arbitrary feeling of intensity . 
  and pure agnostic does n't make any sense as i already argued . 
  except atheism does * not * assert that god does n't exist . 
  atheism is simply the * lack * of belief that god does . 
  most of us keep open the possibility that there is a god ( though most of us would probably assign a very low probability to it ) . 
  the assertion that there is definitely no god is the purview of a small subset of atheism known as strong atheism . 
  really , ironically it is the assertion that atheists are dogmatic for asserting that god does not exist , that is the actually dogmatic statement . 
  i 've only ever heard it used either by theists looking to attack atheists using a weak straw-man version of atheism , or by atheists who buy into that straw-man and who want to distance themselves from it and portray themselves as the reasonable middle ground . 
   however you can also be agnostic in the sense of belief if you 're absolutely 50/50 on god . 
  that is n't possible . 
  if you 're 50/50 on the question then you lack belief that god * exists * , and as such are an atheist ( which after all is simply a lack of said belief ) . 
  you 're just leaving open the possibility that there * is * a god ; hence you 'd be an agnostic atheist . 
  there 's no such thing as an agnostic who is n't also either a theist or an atheist . 
   no , atheism and agnosticism are just two completely different concepts . 
  different concepts , but hardly ` completely ' so . 
  agnosticism is the belief that it can not be proven whether god exists one way or the other . 
  agnostics are therefore still necessarily either theists or atheists because regardless of whether or not you think the question to be unanswerable you still either believe god exists ( theism ) or you lack such a belief ( atheism ) . 
  because believing the question to be unanswerable quite naturally leads to a rejection of explicit beliefs as to the answer , most agnostics naturally hold the atheist position ( even if they do n't recognize it themselves ) . 
  as such one should consider atheism and agnosticism to be largely adjacent to one another in practice . 
  well , it 's `` sort of '' designed to honor the traditional architecture of the area while being whimsically modern !, 
  or something . 
  apparently the one blue bit in the hotel 's outside is supposed to reference a painting monet did of a blue house when he stayed in the town . 
  that one 's cool . 
  if you want something really all over the place : [ hotel in zaanstad , netherlands ] ( http://reisvlinder.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/1-1.jpg ), 
   this is also where the russian flag comes from , they bought their first ships from the netherlands , and asked them to make a flag for them as well because they did n't have one , which they did by rearranging the dutch flag . 
  you realize that 's just an apocryphal story right ? 
  it 's actually because peter the great modelled it after the dutch tricolor . 
  he was kind of a dutchophile , and came up with it after he visited the dutch republic to study shipbuilding . 
   no us president could ever be a dictator . 
  stop it . 
  * some * people will see that as a challenge . 
  do n't forget about the [ maeslantkering ] ( http://www.hollandia.biz/media/project/25/maeslantkering-vooraanzicht.jpg.1200x800_q85_crop-scale.jpg ) ; which is in fact the largest robot in the world . 
  meaning we 're probably good for when the kaiu invasion starts . 
  all part of our plan to dominate the eu . 
   as the common consensus in the medical community seems to be to lob that fucker off for any reason you can think of . 
  perhaps in america ; because this seems to be pretty much the opposite of the medical consensus in most of europe as far as i can tell . 
   my aunt always claimed it 's to stop infections from getting sand under the foreskin . 
  has your aunt not heard of the concept of washing and why does she think that dudes stick their dicks in the sand often enough for this to even be a problem ? 
  civil unions , even when they are almost feature-identical are not the same thing . 
  you ca n't expect people to be satisfied with ` it 's - like-marriage-only-not ' . 
  it 's like being a kid whose parents only ever buy the generic storebrand version of magnum icecream . 
  it 's pretty much the same thing , but you fucking know it is n't goddamnit mom . 
   we helped drive the creation of both the eu you did n't . 
  what on earth could make you think that this is true ? 
   modern-day international system that you hold dear . 
  what is this ` modern-day international system ' that you created ? 
  how do you define it ? 
  nato ? 
  that was n't an american creation ; it started with the treaty of brussels ( which did not include the us ) , then morphed into the western european union ( not to be confused with the eu ) , the members of which then started talks to include the us which led to the north atlantic treaty . 
  the un ? 
  yes the us was instrumental in its creation ; but it was essentially a reboot of the league of nations ( which the us was not a part of one might add ) , and the us has had a history of obstructionism when it comes to the un . 
   needing america 's help to end both . 
  and americans love to overstate that to the point where it 's now a common belief among many of them that they single-handedly won the wars despite reality being quite differently . 
  it does not make us particularly inclined to continue showing gratitude when we have to deal with hollywood inspired revisionism . 
  also , let 's not forget that if the us had bothered to show up at the start , things would never have gotten as bad as they did . 
  americans often forget that their country only got involved after the war had already been raging for 2 years . 
   plus , you know , that whole oppressing the vast majority of the world under imperialist colonial constructs thing the us does not really get a pass here ; given its own colonial empire and manifest destiny . 
   even as europeans like to downplay their history are you kidding ? 
  we are well aware of the shit we 've done . 
   but saying something counts as a city because it 's small apparently is n't i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here . 
  did n't you mean to include `` does n't '' somewhere ? 
  i 'm not sure i implied that . 
  but a city of a 170.000 does n't exactly count as an impressive one . 
   but for the time being the capital region of brussels and the city of brussels are separate entities . 
  and you 're missing the point . 
  right . 
  i lost the lengthy post i had in reply to this , and i ca n't be bothered to go back to typing it all out again , so you get bulletpoints instead . 
  * city districts having their own mayors and the like is n't that special . 
  that 's just a small and arbitrary step above the city districts of amsterdam which have their own directly elected councils . 
  * amsterdam ( and other dutch cities ) face similar situations with municipialities that are part of the city in all but name only . 
  diemen for example is entirely surrounded by amsterdam . 
  * yes . 
  this is all just semantics . 
  zuid-holland is 5 times smaller than what the chinese government describes as beijing , but is in fact 3 times bigger than the actual urban center that is the city of beijing . 
  much of beijing as defined consists of farms , towns/villages , and national parks . 
  * brussels having an equivalent status to flanders or wallonia on the administrative level does not mean you can then compare what is a 100 % urban city-sized ` region ' with a province as if they 're on the same level . 
  and you definitely should n't act surprised that one has a much higher population density . 
  * if you 're going to insist that the brussels capital region is n't a city , then i 'm going to have to insist that belgians on the whole stop pretending like brussels is anything more than a glorified apeldoorn , since it 's about the same size apparently . 
  that 's just semantics . 
  the capital * region * of brussels * is * a city . 
  it 's only 161.38 km2 . 
  that 's smaller than cities like amsterdam or rotterdam . 
  it is a city . 
  just because you call it a region and pretend like those 19 municipialities are n't really just effectively just city districts ; does n't mean it 's basically just a province which you can then compare 1:1 to a foreign province that 's literally 21 times bigger . 
  well duh , that 's what happens when you compare a * city * to a * province * . 
  those would be the ` reasons ' i mentioned . 
  and rotterdam . 
  for reasons .
