  but contrary to what its adherents will tell you , the pvv is less about reasonable criticism and more about thinly veiled hate . 
  it is extraordinarily difficult ( nay , impossible ) to objectively look at some of the things that pvv ` ers say and conclude that all they 're doing is giving reasonable criticism of islam . 
  and frankly , what 's scary is that people somehow convince themselves that wilders and his people * are n't * espousing hate . 
  also , is n't it interesting how the pvv and parties like it and their supports will just claim they 're being critical , but as soon as someone shows up being critical of * them * , they start acting like it 's not okay ? 
  oh right . 
  it 's okay because they 're under an occupation !, 
  why did n't * i * think of that ? 
  which while a perfectly valid reason to offer up criticism of the specific ideas , is not an excuse for what is obviously not mere criticism but outright hate . 
  it 'd be perfectly fine if the pvv was offering up reasonable criticisms ; but when a party suggests things like a `` head-rag '' tax , they 're obviously just another supplier of hate . 
  whether or not a minority of gay people are part of fascist death cults or not no more justifies the hatred that people show the gay people who are not a part of those cults than it does with the muslims . 
  the views he claims to hold but never seems to uphold , that is . 
  it 's a conspiracy !, 
  `` no no no !, 
  you do n't understand !, 
  it 's not you i hate ... it 's everything you hold dear and identify yourself by !, 
  what are you so upset about ? '', 
  it 's like how a fundamentalist might say they do n't hate gay people , they just think being gay is an abomination . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  they really do hate gay people , they just do n't like everyone else hating * them * for it and so they vainly try to justify it in a manner literally nobody except they themselves find credible . 
  it 's exactly the same with the pvv and their supporters . 
  that they approve of apartheid ? 
  well , that 's what it tells me anyway . 
  well , you fucked that up then , sorry . 
  it 's a real shame too , you were heading in the right direction in the 90 's . 
  had everyone rooting for you too . 
  but russia has just been regressing since . 
   2 ) i would say that most western europeans are so baffled by the statements made by russia that a lot of them start thinking that `` something that crazy just has to be true because no respectable head of state would make it up '' . 
  i got the impression that western european countries are completely not used to horribly blatant and offensive statements and that 's why it works . 
  i think you might be on to something . 
  it amazes me how many dutch people and other western europeans side with the russian narrative . 
  obviously they 're a minority , but the fact that it 's more than zero is hard to understand , and what you say may well have something to do with it . 
  we just are n't used to this combination of misinformation , noise , and blatant lies . 
  we fully expect our governments to lie to us , but we expect them to be subtle about it . 
  he 's been promoting stalin as a tough or well-intentioned leader , rather than the , you know , genocidal maniac that he actually was . 
  plus , he 's clearly taken a page from the ` how to make the most of your russia ' playbook of stalin . 
  perhaps he 's not openly glorifying stalin himself ( although the historical revisionism is almost as bad ) , but he has certainly created the atmosphere in which others do so , taking no steps to reverse it . 
  notice he said a lot of * countries * would die for it though . 
  countries usually consist of more than just the people who 'd sit in their palace while they opress everyone else . 
  i 'm pretty sure people generally are n't down with that . 
  although i suppose given the people killed on his orders , i one could make the argument that yes , lots of countries * would * die to have what putin has . 
  `` no , everything is great in russia , say we , russia . 
  you can trust us . '', 
  well , let 's see . 
  * his political opponents dissappear under suspicious circumstances at an alarming rate . 
  and that 's when he does n't simply jail them . 
  * all forms of public dissent are cracked down upon . 
  indeed , under its new military doctrine law , any ` information-related activity aimed at influencing the population , primarily the country 's young citizens , with the goal of undermining the historical , spiritual and patriotic traditions in the area of defending the fatherland ' is considered worthy of a military response . 
  it essentially defines anyone who does n't agree with putin 's government views on russia 's history , religious beliefs , or who is n't ` patriotic ' enough as a threat to the state . 
  * he has almost completely eliminated independent russian media . 
  * he has effectively dismantled russia 's democracy . 
  especially at a regional level . 
  * he has vast wealth of dubious origins . 
  * he 's building a private palace reported to be worth as much as a billion euros , much of it paid for by state funds . 
  this is in addition to the 20 villas and palaces he already has access to as president . 
  * he is the center of a massive cult of personality . 
  * he publically glorifies stalin , and cites him as an example to follow . 
  need i go on ? 
  winning an election does n't mean one is n't a dictator . 
  that said ... fair elections ? 
  that 's a big stretch given they have been subject to extensive international criticism . 
  of the 2007 elections , representatives of the council of europe said things such as : `` overwhelming influence of the president 's office and the president on the campaign '' , `` abuse of administrative resources designed to influence the outcome . '', 
  and `` effectively , we ca n't say these were fair elections . '', 
  since then , the russian government has made it almost impossible for international observers to make sure the elections occur in a fair manner . 
  even russian civilian observers have their efforts made impossible with them being beaten and otherwise harassed . 
  fair elections ? 
  who the hell are you trying to convince ? 
   there is no dictatorship double lol, 
  well , it 's not the worst excuse one can give to keep pretending things are n't worse than they are elsewhere . 
  basically yes , although there 's the argument to be made that you could for instance text someone to call the police if you were hidden from their sight . 
  and it may be the case that dutch law ( and certain foreign laws ) has specific articles providing punishments for failing to help even in the absence of the victim 's death ... 
  but i could not find any with a quick look . 
  not really . 
  article 450 : he who , when witnessing the immediate endangerement to the life of another person , neglects to provide the help that he can reasonably offer without danger to himself or others , will be ; in the event of the victim 's death ; punished with incarceration of up to three months or a fine of the 2nd category . 
  that 's what i managed to find . 
  unless the victim dies , and unless it can be established that there was no reasonable expectation of danger to yourself or others if you chose to intervene , you can not be punished . 
  of course income inequality has to do with poverty . 
  sure , if you have no poor people whatsoever , but a couple of trillionaires , you 're going to have lots of income inequality ... ... however , if you have a large number of people below the poverty line ( which the us does by western standards ) , and a lot of rich people ( which the us does ) , you 're obviously going to have a high level of income inequality . 
  it 's true that different countries have different standards of where the poverty line falls . 
  however , there are also means of setting a global standard . 
  for instance , unicef defines poverty as living in a household that earns less than half of the national median . 
  using this metric , the us rate of child poverty is below that of most of europe and the rest of the developed world . 
  by that definition , the netherlands has around 6 % of its children living in relative poverty . 
  the united states meanwhile , has nearly 24 % of its children living in relative poverty ( [ source ] ) ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/04/15/map-how-35-countries-compare-on-child-poverty-the-u-s-is-ranked-34th/ ) comparing between these two countries using this metric is a valid way of looking at income inequality because the gdp per capita is roughly equal . 
  of course , most of these kids are n't genuinely poor by global standards . 
  it 's 52,000 , actually . 
  at least according to the un and world bank . 
  the imf lists us at 44,000 or so . 
  but i do n't really trust the imf figures ; they often seem suspiciously low compared to other estimates . 
  imf numbers rather often inexplicably lower their estimates for lots of countries , while raising them for the us . 
  the [ world bank ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd ) gives very different figures . 
  so does the [ united nations ] ( http://unstats.un.org/unsd/snaama/selbasicfast.asp ) . 
  which only goes to show that whether or not our system allows for binding referendums has no negative effect on voter turnout ... since we have higher voter turnouts than the us . 
  well , not only does that graph clearly show that women are * taller * on average than 1.65 ( i 'd guess around , it also only goes to 2011 . 
  plus , lots of sources i 've seen claim the average female height to be either 1.69 or 1.70 . 
  dutchie asks for a map with gdp per capita ... ... does n't have dutch gdp per capita on it . 
   in 2014 the gdp per capita in the us was 17 % higher than in the netherlands , 20 % higher than in germany and 38 % uhm . 
  what . 
  in 2014 , gdp per capita in the us was 54,306 ; gdp per capita in the netherlands was 52,129 . 
  that 's not a 17 % difference , that 's a 4 % difference . 
  similarly , gdp per capita was 47,966 for germany and 42,802 for france .
