  but far more expensive . 
  and modern adaptive optics technologies have mostly ( not entirely ) ensure we do n't really need to build space telescopes anymore . 
  also consider that the hubble space telescope has a mirror 2.4 m in diameter . 
  the james webb space telescope , currently under construction as a replacement for hubble , will have a main mirror 6.5 m in diameter . 
  compare that to the european extremely large telescope which will have a primary mirror that is 39.3 m in diameter ( both its secondary and tertiary mirrors will also be larger than hubble 's primary ) . 
  uhm . 
  europe has both the largest single-mirror optical telescope in the world and the largest radio telescope in the world . 
  it is also currently building the largest optical telescope in the world period , which is 25 % larger than the one the us is trying to build ( i say ` trying ' , because it 's on hold due to permit troubles , and ironically it may end up being built in spain instead ) . 
  you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   when you denote heritage in 1/32s and 1/64th they pretty much do . 
  which still does n't add up to there being more europeans in the us than in europe . 
   technically there are more europeans in the us than in europe uhm . 
  what ? 
  that 's obviously not true even if you pretend that your ancestors being from europe makes you european ( it does n't ) ; and even if you then pretend that everyone in the us has european ancestry ( they do n't ) . 
  that 's super . 
  those numbers ( even assuming that both they and your interpretation of them are accurate , which is doubtful at best ) are nowhere near enough to explain sweden 's rape rate being so much higher than that of other countries though . 
  which i 'm sure you guys know , hence why you 're trying to obfuscate the issue . 
  you know , if you want to cry about people characterizin you a certain way , maybe do n't point to a posting history that fully justifies that characterization ? 
  just a thought . 
  oh the immense irony of your statement . 
  oh look , more alt-facts . 
  it 's sad you 're being downvoted for pointing out facts . 
  edit : the alt-fact crowd is out in force , it seems . 
  characterizing that as `` nuking '' spain is rather unfair ; although two of them did release plutonium into the soil ; none of them actually caused a nuclear explosion . 
  [ this ] ( https://gooisemerenmagazine.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/naardenwinterlarge-monique-mulder.jpg ) is a far superior picture of naarden in my opinion . 
  japan has a lower population density than at least two european countries that neighbour germany though . 
  plus there 's huge stretches of pretty much empty space in japan that you wo n't find in most european countries . 
  only marginally . 
  re-export actually represents only a relatively small part dutch agricultural exports . 
  fruit is the exception , re-export represents the bulk of dutch fruit exports . 
  for everything else , it 's only a small percentage . 
  dutch agri-exports totalled 85 billion euros last year ( not counting agricultural machinery and the like ) . 
  24 billion of that was re-export . 
  leaving 61 billion euros of domestically produced exports . 
  that would still put us in the top 5 worldwide ; and that 's not accounting for the fact that other countries also do their own share of re-export . 
  also consider the fact that said re-export figure does n't just include stuff that gets imported and then immediately exported again . 
  a lot of that actually concerns stuff that gets reprocessed before export . 
  there 's much older archeological finds in flevoland ; almere especially . 
  there 's finds of hunter-gatherer tools found in almere that date back 11000 years at least . 
  in fact , there 's tentative indications there might have been neanderthal inhabitation of flevoland as much as 200,000 years ago . 
   looking at the picture i can sort of imagine where the lake would 've been ... and you 'd be wrong . 
  unless your imagination is basically : `` everywhere and beyond . '', 
  the land shown in this photograph represents less than half a percent of the lake in question . 
  and ironically , there 's probably more real amsterdammers living in almere than in amsterdam these days . 
   the us has no-go zones ~ ~ too ~ ~ fixed it for you . 
  right . 
  ethnic cleansing and genocide are no big deal . 
  you 're a psychopath . 
  for the record , the netherlands was one of only three countries in the balkan conflict with an airforce strong enough to hit hard targets in the conflict . 
  ( it was also the first to shoot down an enemy mig ) . 
  our airforce was strong enough to avoid it . 
  the problem was that we had no say in whether or not our own planes were allowed to run strikes because that decision was made by the french nato commander in charge of things , who was following the secret agreement you guys made . 
  riight ... because the us making a secret plan ( which again , is now fully and independently verified ) to let the serbs take the enclaves without telling the dutch in charge of one of said enclaves ( fact ) , while knowing in advance that the serbs were going to do bad shit in the enclaves ( verified ) , and in accordance with this plan refusing to allow the dutch to reinforce said enclave ( fact ) , and refusing to give air support until it was too late ( also fact ) ... is somehow magically irrelevant , and we 're entirely to blame . 
  i give you sources . 
  you ignore them . 
  i give you the * very people responsible admitting to it * , and you ignore it . 
  and if you knew anything at all about my country 's response to the matter ; you 'd know our country already took responsibility for its failures . 
  unlike you , we owned up to our mistakes . 
  which made it all the more painful when the full extent of the american betrayal became clear as documents became declassified . 
  so fuck you . 
  for flat out ignoring facts you do n't like . 
  for refusing to acknowledge your country 's share of the blame for inviting and allowing genocide . 
  fuck you for * continuing * to pin it all on us even after the reprehensible and * undeniable * truth has come out . 
  and fuck you for trolling on the subject of * ethnic cleansing * . 
  wild conspiracy theories ? 
  all of this is * documented fact * . 
  there 's declassified documents and high-placed officials that fully * confirm * everything i 've said . 
  either accept that , admit that maybe you 're country is at fault , and move on . 
  or stop being a twat who does nothing but make unproductive comments without addressing any of the facts . 
  because americans are easily distracted by bullshit that does n't matter , and because stories that show america as the baddies do n't sit well with them and thus do n't get as much airtime . 
  from americans on r/europe . 
  stop being so obsessed !, 
   the main reasons why airstrikes were held back was for concessions and for the un troops held hostage by mladic . 
  understandably , we were stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  the main reason is the secret agreement , as i pointed out . 
  the hostages were incidental to that . 
  beside that , it was n't just a failure to perform air strikes in a timely fashion ; keep in mind that the dutch military wanted to reinforce the enclaves in the days before , but the americans refused to allow this . 
  we were meant to fail . 
  it 's fairly clear from the declassified documents and investigation results . 
  it 's also [ put forth by muhamed sacirbey ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ambassador-muhamed-sacirbey/smoking-gun-on-betrayal-g_b_7745846.html ) , who served as the foreign minister of bosnia and ambassador to the un at the time . 
  it 's also pretty clear by piecing together comments made by other players . 
  for example , voorhoeve , who was dutch defense minister at the time , accused the us and the uk of having advance knowledge of serbian battle plans that they did not share with the dutch ; accusations that have since been independently verified . 
  as another example , french general bernard janvier told yasushi akashi , special envoy to the un a month before the fall : '' `` most acceptable to the serbs would be to leave them the enclaves . 
  it is the more realistic approach and it makes sense from the military point of view . 
  but this is unacceptable to the international community . '' then there 's richard holbrooke , special envoy to the balkans and chief negotiator of the dayton agreement that ended the war , who in an interview in 2005 admitted that he was , quote : `` i was under initial instructions to sacrifice srebrenica , gora\u017ede and \u017depa '' really , all of this information is readily available nowadays . 
  it just has n't gotten a lot of mainstream media traction outside of the netherlands ; because who cares about ` ancient history ' , right ? 
  the main theory is that they believed that specific territorial concessions to the serbs would make it easier to bring everyone to the negotiation table and end the conflict . 
  srebrenica has been explicitly mentioned as needing to be ` sacrificed ' for this , along with gorazde and zepa . 
  so they tried to facilitate that by removing the pressure of the air strikes , which they could n't do publically for obvious reasons . 
  now , they already knew what was being planned for srebrenica . 
  there were credible reports indicating that if it fell , there 'd be raping and mass murder . 
  obviously america did n't want to be held responsible for letting that happen , which is probably what would 've happened if they 'd informed us of their plans . 
  so they threw us under the bus ; letting us take the heat for allowing genocide to happen ( which , without the air support we repeatedly requested and were denied because of this secret agreement , we had no way of stopping ) . 
  it is a despicable act of betrayal ; that has made it very clear to us that america is definitely * not * an ally we can trust to be reliable when we most need it . 
  yes , some . 
  but they were only going along with the americans . 
   were n't the conditions for that enabled partially by the wealth from the new world ? 
  maybe . 
  it 's complicated . 
  industrialization preceded the industrial revolution that we think of today .
