  or 3 . or 4 . 
  the us public does not have the stomach for those kind of losses ; and the us government does n't have the stomach for them either , except for the purposes of total war . 
   wargames do n't often work like this . 
  how many of those exercises were open ocean and full prosecution ? 
  quite a few . 
  i already listed tfex/tmdi99 to the other guy ; which was exactly that , and during which a single sub destroyed 9 ships in a nimitz carrier group , including the carrier itself . 
   i 'll have to disagree on the second part . 
  israel for example , all submarines build in germany . 
  same goes for portugal ( although they have a lot of hand-me-downs . ), 
  you 're cherrypicking . 
  both of those countries have very small navies . 
  israel does n't even have anything larger than a corvette ( although to be fair , their corvettes are heavily armed ) . 
  i would not exactly call these capable navies , however . 
  really though , it just comes down to many factors . 
  for some countries , it makes more sense to buy off the shelf . 
  militaries have specific demands of the equipment they want to acquire . 
  if a navy wants to have a submarine of a certain size and role , and there 's already a submarine class on the market that fits the bill ; it might not make sense to design one yourself , especially if you do n't have the know-how and infrastructure . 
  germany 's type 212 subs are great boats for germany 's purposes . 
  but for some others ? 
  not so much . 
  for the netherlands , for example , german submarines are too small , and do n't have enough range . 
  if were to buy the type 212 to replace our current subs ( we 're currently working on our options there ) , we 'd be downgrading our capabilities . 
  japan 's s\u014dry\u016b-class has been suggested by some as a replacement , but aside from it not being european ( and i believe there 's eu 's rules involved that prevent it ) it also does n't have the range that we have now . 
  then there 's the spanish s-80 which might work as a replacement , but confidence is pretty low in that ; plus we want to maintain our knowledge by actively being involved in the design and construction . 
   except the ones in modern armies , yes . 
  which is why they 're experts in * armies * and not navies . 
  quipping aside ; as i 've been trying to explain to the other guy ; i 'm talking specifically about a war between modern navies here ; not the kinds of conflicts we 've had since ww2 . 
  you wo n't find many experts who will claim carriers will fill their roles for very long in a war between modern powers . 
  they will be a tremendous asset in the early days of such a war ; but they 're going to get taken out quickly . 
  no way around that . 
   that said , what happens in scripted wargames is far from representative of reality we 're not talking about scripted wargames here . 
  we 're talking about freeform ones set in expansive playareas . 
  as in ; `` go , find and take out as many of the ` enemy ' as you can . 
  however you can . 
  no constraints . 
  we 'll do everything we can to stop you . '', 
  those are about as representative of reality as you can get , and a navy ignores their outcome at its peril . 
   so you 're 3 walls of text are essentially to say everything the us navy has is shit from inferior nuclear subs to battlegroups , got it . 
  your reading comprehension is hovering right around zero . 
   that 's the vast majority of battles being waged in the world . 
  hence why nobody 's lost an aircraft carrier recently . 
  that would change if the kinds of war being fought are changed . 
   and china would like to have a word with you on the whole aircraft carrier thing , they see that as a massive threat . 
  yes . 
  that 's why they 're building massive amounts of missiles , instead of carriers . 
   china is the only major country in the world that could actually sink them lol , you obviously have n't looked into international naval exercises/simulations at all . 
  the number of times us carriers have been sunk in those ; even when the odds were clearly in their favor ; is astonishing . 
  hell , my own country managed it twice . 
  with a single sub . 
  against a full carrier group . 
  china is far from the only one who could sink one . 
   they find them to be such a big deal that they 're desperately making as many as they can as we speak . 
  uh ... they 're not . 
  they have a grand total of one carrier ; and currently only have plans for two more in order to bring them to parity with india and japan . 
  they could easily afford to build many more than that concurrently ; which they would , if they were desperate like you 've apparently been conned into believing they are . 
   so let me get this straight , a battlegroup uses the best submarines there are ... 
  sorry , what ? 
  there 's no such thing as `` best '' submarines . 
  there 's such a thing as `` best '' submarine for a specific role , perhaps . 
  the us has an entirely nuclear-powered subforce ; and they are n't particularly stealthy . 
  what they do have is range and high navigation speed ; neither of which is of much use in the kind of scenario that leads to a carrier 's sinking . 
   but somehow they 're unable to detect `` stealth submarine force youve been watching too many movies . 
  no , i 've read too many naval simulation reports , * where this exact thing keeps happening * . 
  carrier killers would be ssk 's or ssi 's , which the us does n't have ; but which plenty of other countries do . 
  their advantage is that they can go * completely * silent in ways that a nuclear sub can never do . 
  you will never detect a sub that 's gone completely dark like that . 
  but they do n't even have to do that in order to go undetected ; there 's plenty of documented instances of these kinds of subs penetrating a us carrier screen with ease , getting right up behind the carrier in an easy firing position , and getting back out without ever being detected . 
  even in non-simulations . 
  it happens all the time and is almost like a rite of passage for the crews of the subs that manage it . 
  you are severely underestimating the difficulty of detecting these kinds of subs . 
   and what modern military uses a ` stealth submarine force ' ? 
  the entire point is single attacks like in the cold war , there 's not some huge armada of submarines lol . 
  you do n't need huge armadas . 
  for example , during the tfex/tmdi99 free exercise , just a single dutch walrus-class ssk managed to sink not only the carrier theodore roosevelt cvn-71 , but a further 8 escorts , including the uss boise ( los angeles class ssn ) and the uss mount whitney ( flagship of the 6th fleet ) ; and managed to get away completely unharmed . 
  they did n't even detect the sub until it was within 1500 yards and fired off a green smoke grenade ( signal that they launched a torpedo attack ) for the 2nd time ( the first time they did n't even see it ) . 
  this was actually a major embarassment for the us navy at the time . 
  the dutch sub was * supposed * to lose . 
  the whole purpose of the exercise was to train the fleet in anti-submarine warfare . 
  instead they got completely overwhelmed by just a * single sub * . 
  the number of ships sunk in that exercise was unusual , but us carriers have been sunk in these international exercises by subs quite regularly . 
  americans will often try to downplay it when it happens ( because obviously they 're not supposed to lose when they spend so much money on these ships ) ; but anyone who ` se paid attention to these exercises will know better than to pretend carriers are n't a lot more vulnerable than the public believes . 
  are you really trying to insult austria for not having an aircraft carrier ? 
  learn some geography before you try to insult countries . 
  yep , here in the netherlands we used to have the ministries of war and navy ; they were combined in the 50 's and became the ministry/department of defense . 
  however , the military as a whole is generally still referred to as the krijgsmacht or strijdmacht ; which are kind of badass/aggressive terms basically meaning like `` war power/force '' and `` strife power/force '', 
   how many aircraft carriers has the us lost since ww2 ? 
  if you 'd read my post , you would know i already addressed that argument . 
  to reiterate : no , not having lost any aircraft carriers since ww2 does n't mean anything if you 've only gone up against underequipped third world states and terrorists . 
   nd who are ` lots of military experts ' , you mean reddit armchair experts such as yourself ? 
  no , i mean professional defense analysts . 
   but you 're probably right , the richest militaries in the world china , us , and russia invest in them because they 're obselete , and smaller french and british carriers do the same . . because that 's what most militaries do , invest in obsolete technology . 
  again , you appear to have * not bothered to read * my post . 
  i already addressed this . 
  again , to reiterate : carriers work great as mobile bases of operation against enemies that can not effectively strike back against them . 
  if all you 're doing is fighting the likes of iraq or isis , then carriers are fantastic . 
  in that role they 're absolutely not obsolete . 
  the moment they go up against a modern stealth submarine force , they 're just dead weight ; as shown time and time again in battle simulations . 
  and that 's to say nothing of things like hypersonic missiles . 
  exactly . 
  lots of military experts consider aircraft carriers to be pretty useless in a proper war ; because they are * far more vulnerable * than people think .
