  as i said , dutch cities are compact . 
  they generally have well defined borders with lots of farmland in between . 
  it is n't like belgium or the us , where suburbia goes on forever . 
  the randstad could theoretically fit hundreds of gigafactories . 
  at least . 
   i do n't see any massive skylines in dutch cities , though . 
  your comment makes [ rotterdam ] ( http://www.vd-linden.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/rotterdam-skyline.jpg ) sad . 
  [ the hague ] ( http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8049/8144332491_9dc531881f_b.jpg ) is slightly less upset , but it 'll get over it . 
  you do n't see massive skylines * anywhere * in europe like you do places like hong kong or nyc . 
  yet european cities are on average very dense ( especially compared to american cities ) consider that hong kong has a population density of 6,544 km2 , which is comparable to dutch cities . 
  the hague has a population density of 6,240 km2 . 
  neither of which is comparable to truly dense cities like paris at a population density of 21,000 km2 . 
  skyscrapers do not necessarily make for a dense city . 
  hardly . 
  dutch cities are compact . 
  we do n't have a lot of urban sprawl . 
  there 's plenty of space ( as the presentation mentions ) . 
  besides , these gigafactories are n't * that * big . 
  the building itself has a smaller footprint than the aalsmeer flower auction ; and we have enough space to easily build many more of those . 
  okay , but i think that on the killbots , the kill switch has to come in the form of a preset kill limit . 
   i spend more than 10 seconds researching things . 
  i 'm sure you did . 
  within the conservative echo chamber bubble of sites . 
   there 's your key , right there . 
  what exactly are you trying to say here ? 
  is this one of those tired old `` marriage is between a man and a woman '' arguments ? 
  you claimed that if they had civil unions no one would care . 
  but clearly * they * would care , or they would n't have been campaigning for * marriage * . 
   because it 's annoying to see this mischaracterization of conservatives or religious people as bigoted just because you wo n't take the time to understand their perspective . 
  and it 's annoying to me to see you pretend like the reason people think they 're bigoted is because they just do n't understand their perspective . 
  we * do * understand their perspective . 
  that 's fucking why we think they 're bigots in the first place . 
  what , you actually think that you 're not a bigot because you think it 'd be okay for them to have civil unions ; just not marriage . 
  no , that still makes you a bigot . 
  just less of one than someone who also would n't let them have civil unions . 
  this is not entirely accurate . 
  fallout radioactive enough to cause acute poisoning will indeed stop being a thing after a couple of weeks or so ; but you have to consider radiation contamination will remain a threat in terms of long-term exposure for decades . 
  there are still localized hotspots of contamination in the chernobyl exclusion zone today where you could get a lethal dose pretty quickly if you 're not careful , for example . 
  a nuclear war would create massive amounts of radioactive contamination that would * definitely * be a serious issue for decades ; especially since there almost certainly would n't be a capacity remaining to clean it up . 
  you 're a target regardless . 
  in other news , russia flipped over some garbage cans while yelling obscenities at a little old lady , before embarking on a public urination spree . 
  witnesses say that russia was bragging about how everyone fears them , and how ` something something or another about football ' . 
  `` eh , it 's annoying . 
  but frankly no more than brittain when they come over . 
  hooligans and tourists eh ? 
  what can you do ? '', 
  said one local resident . 
  sigh . 
   seriously , in this day n age , gays are being discriminated against ? 
  by whom , where ? 
  yes . 
  seriously . 
  people still from time to time get beaten up just for being gay . 
  some people still discriminate agayst gay people in a variety of ways . 
  just because it 's less pronounced now does n't mean it does n't still happen and is n't still a problem . 
   and dont count the muslim violence towards them as discrimination . 
  what ? 
  what the fuck else are we supposed to call it ? 
  that 's * exactly what it is * . 
  and incidentally , the motion that i was talking about was meant in considerable part to tackle the anti-gay sentiments that exist among students of arab origins . 
   so you think gays and minorities are discriminated against ? 
  this is a matter of fact , yes . 
  how can anyone even think otherwise ? 
   arent there laws to prevent this there are laws to * punish * discrimination . 
  but that does not * prevent * discrimination . 
  prevention is achieved by fostering understanding and tolerance , hence the need for these type of policies . 
   again , this just seems like bull laws that are there to create division between the populace based on their political views . 
  this is nonsense . 
  tolerance and understanding is not a political view ; and neither is the refusal to try and understand or show tolerance . 
   and while i 'm talking about political views , when will we get laws introduced that promote conservative views and punish the rampant biggotry of the left leaning media and universities that discriminate against right leaning students ? 
  you 're being ridiculous ; and comparing entirely different things . 
  homosexuality is not a political viewpoint ( and lgbt individuals come from the entire political spectrum ) . 
  promoting conservative politics is not some counterpoint to it . 
  secondly , whatever discrimination conservative students might face is nothing compared to what type of discrimination actual minorities face . 
  the comparison is frankly insulting . 
   two days ago for example afd tried to hold a meeting at a campus we 're talking about dutch laws here . 
  you 're talking about a german political group here . 
  i do n't see the relevance . 
   and they got bullied off of the stage and their event got cancelled because of liberal students and this is different how to liberal groups getting bullied by the right wing ? 
   what do you think ? 
  i think you 're being ridiculous and you should stop trying to hijack gay/minority rights initiatives because you mistakenly think people disagreeing with your conservative politics is somehow the same thing they face . 
  to start with : affirmative action is * not * retarded . 
  it 's levelling the playing field . 
  if it 's x times harder for minorities to get hired anywhere , then it would be profoundly unfair for there to be a total lack of policies aimed at making it easier for them . 
  you can argue about the specifics of such policies and their implementation , sometimes leading to undesirable situations ; but we need * some * form of anti-discriminatory policies in order to have a fair society . 
  there 's just no arguing that . 
  secondly , no ; that was not the legislation being voted on . 
  the lgislation i was talking about was specifically aimed at providing proper education to students on the subject of lgbt issues , in order to promote tolerance and understanding . 
  [ sigh ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/qmfpjpat2fjrk/giphy.gif ), 
   trump has criticised canada for taking american jobs . 
  give him time . 
  there 's only so many crazy things he can tweet at a time . 
  but when we prove them wrong , would it be okay to shake a can of sprite in their faces ? 
   queerty . 
  jesus christ , the very motto at the top `` free of agenda , except the gay one '' ah . 
  i see . 
  you do not understand that they 're riffing on the insanity of people like you who think there 's a `` gay agenda '' to begin with . 
   i 'll repeat again , [ citation needed ] and this time an actual , legit , credible source i already gave you one . 
  yes , i know , you 're a bigot and will find some way to dismiss any source that does n't actually agree with you . 
  but it 's a legit and credible source regardless .
