  it barely sustained any damage ( mostly just to its sighting system ) and the crew was perfectly fine . 
  in another incident , a challenger 2 survived being hit by no less than 70 rpg 's . 
  not to say that they 're invulnerable or anything , but you 're overestimating how easy it 'd be to take out a modern tank . 
   phimosis is not an uncommon occurrence and in bad cases circumcision is the only good solution . 
  which is n't really an argument for universal circumcision . 
  excuse me , but that 's a first edition collectible cake , thank you very much . 
  strictly speaking , a mental disorder refers to a behavioral or mental pattern that causes suffering or a diminished capacity to function in society . 
  given that having sex with kids is illegal ( and obviously should be , given that kids can not give informed consent ) , one could easily make the argument that pedophilia is a mental disorder ; whereas homosexuality generally does n't qualify anymore . 
  on the other hand , taking that view also implies that homosexuality is a mental disorder in countries that make it illegal , which is obviously not something most of us in the west can agree to . 
  i would agree that both are orientations , though the practical differences between the two will probably always make it difficult for pedophiles to find any sort of acceptance in society ; which is unfortunate for those of them that manage to refrain from acting on their desires but ca n't help feeling them . 
  given homosexuality is observed in every social animal and is well documented throughout the entirety of human history , it 's pretty obvious which of our views is the one based on indoctrination . 
  the fuck ? 
  these are n't small parcels . 
  what you 're looking at is just crop rotation . 
  god help a farm 's long-term efficiency if it does n't do something as basic as that . 
  dutch agriculture is among the most efficient in the world . 
  we * are * the 2nd largest agricultural exporter in the world , after all . 
   in 1667 , after the 2nd anglo-dutch war the netherlands formally renounced the claim on the territory at the treaty of breda . 
  that 's not true . 
  the dutch republic did * not * formally renounce its claims with the treaty of breda . 
  what happened was that the english offered to return new netherlands in exchange for surinam ( which the dutch had captured ) . 
  the republic refused . 
  the treaty did not resolve the territorial disputes ; it just maintained the status quo as it existed at the time of its signing . 
  the dutch captured new york again in 1673 . 
  and the treaty of westminster ( 1674 ) stipulated the return of new york to the english , and formal recognition by the english of surinam as dutch ( as well as the return of various islands ) . 
  it 's the treaty of westminster in which both sides formally renounced their claims . 
   do you know what they 're considering for a replacement ? 
  it 's pretty much a certainty it will be a new sub , and not an existing model . 
  the requirement is for a sub of at least the same size and capabilities as the walrus , which means none of the subs that we could acquire from other countries would suffice . 
  european subs are generally too small . 
  unless you go nuclear , in which case they 're too big for the niche role walrus class subs fill out in nato . 
  i know there 's been a lot of talk of whether or not it would be another domestic design/build or a cooperation with another country . 
  i think they did an inventory and determined there was still only about 70 % of the skill/capability nationally to build new naval subs ( the walrus was built a while ago , so the old guard has retired ) , so doing it entirely domestically would require some investments probably . 
  they 'll likely be partially built outside of the netherlands , which would be a first . 
  there 's also been some talk of a possibly design to be put forward by a damen/saab team-up . 
  i know that a few years back , saab put forth a proposal for a scaled up a26 , but i think that might have been without damen , so i imagine that might change in the future . 
  if it 's not them , it will either be a proposal by tkms or dcns . 
  dcns came up with a tentative concept called the extended oceanic ssk ; but its mostly just claims atm , and afaik not a firm design yet . 
  supposedly it should be capable of crossing the atlantic three times before having to surface . 
  and in addition to the standard torpedoes will have mine-laying capabilities , vertical launchers , anti-ship and anti-air missiles , and cruise missile capabilities . 
  tkms has n't shown anything yet . 
   it 's much better than an/spy -1 ( d ) at ballistic missile detection , but it 's not the same kind of sensor as sbirs and strictly inferior to an/tpy -2 in terms of ability ( good luck putting that on a ship , though ! ), 
  you 're always going to get more range from a land-based system . 
  but the new smart-l ewc is very accurate in a full 360 dome , deep into space . 
  during a test last year it managed to perfectly detect and then track a small satellite orbiting at 700km , while it was 2000km away from the radar . 
  pretty sure no other naval system has managed something on anywhere near that level yet . 
  as i understand it , unlike the american systems , it 's not one-directional either . 
  in any case , at present , this is purely useful to relay sensor data to american ships ( which worked really well in previous tests with them ) ; but in the future the destroyers are to be fitted with sm-3 missiles for bmd . 
   those things hurt , but they do n't disqualify them from being blue-water or prevent them from projecting force ; they just make them less capable of it . 
  this was my point . 
  they have blue-water force projection . 
  just obviously not on the scale of the us . 
  but certainly enough to contribute . 
   in my opinion aicraft carrier is essential to power projection . 
  your opinion is shit , mate . 
   i ca n't imagine it doing 200km at 20 knots , much less 780km i think you are severely underestimating what they can do . 
  they can go pretty fast for long periods of time using a snorkel . 
  still stealthy enough for most purposes when doing . 
  but not 20 knots no , probably not . 
  that 's most likely reserved for combat maneuvers . 
  we 're due for a replacement in 2025 . 
  that one 's stated to be at least the same size and general role . 
  i 'd be surprised if it wo n't have aip . 
  the walrus 's range is n't specified for submerged . 
  given that it can do 20 knots submerged and is known to stay under for 2 months at a time though ( as well as is often used for spec-ops insertions where it 's kind of vital their in-theatre presence remains unknown ) , i imagine its submerged range will be a * lot * greater than than that of the 214 . 
  it wo n't do 18,500 at 20 knots submerged , but surely a hell of a lot more than 780km . 
  i 'm pretty sure the actual figures are classified . 
  publically their range is around 19000km ; and i know they regularly stay submerged for up to 8 weeks ( and at the speed they can travel at while submerged , they 'd exceed that 19k km within that time ) . 
   the main question is can european countries hit targets inside north korea or not ? 
  i do n't think that netherlands can do it because their ships do n't have cruise missiles and they definitely ca n't do air campaign there either because they do n't have an aircraft carrier . 
  our amphibious assault ships can carry apaches , not to mention large numbers of troops . 
  so of course they can . 
   netherland vessels would only be force multipliers if they were technologicaly superior to us navy vessels which they are not or bring capabilites that the us navy does n't have which they do n't . 
  uhm . 
  okay . 
  so much wrong with this sentence . 
  first of all , that 's how how force multiplication works . 
  secondly , yes , dutch ships incorporate a number of technologies superior to what american ships of equivalent classes incorporate . 
  dutch sensor systems for instance are known to be years ahead of american systems . 
  for instance , the smart-l ewc radar is far superior than what the americans are working with in terms of ballistic missile detection . 
  dutch ships also provide capabilities the americans are lacking . 
  the aforementioned subs are an excellent example ; they 're far stealthier than anything the us navy has operating underwater , and unlike the larger american subs , are very well suited for high risk coastal operations at depths where the american subs ca n't safely operate . 
  dutch submarines are often requested within nato by americans in terms of spec-ops insertions and intelligence gathering operations . 
  dutch destroyers , thanks to their superior radar technology , are also well regarded in coalition operations for their anti-air and ballistic missile defence capabilities . 
  there 's the jss , which is fairly unique within nato in that among its many strengths is the fact that it is outfitted in such a way that it can independently serve as the command and communications centre for a full sized army corps ( 25k troops ) . 
  the us itself only has 2 ( rather old ) ships with similar capabilities . 
   actually aircraft carrier is a huge part of power projection and when talking about military power projection it is absolutely necessary . 
  it 's not . 
  yes . 
  carriers project lots of power . 
  you do n't * need * them to project power . 
   the problem is that we ca n't water down meaning of power projection too much because you ca n't simply put every country that has a destroyers and couple of smaller vessels in this category . 
  naval planners around the world do n't have the problem you seem to be having . 
  it is n't that difficult to take a look at the capabilities of a navy and determine the extent to which they can project power . 
  all that the ability to project power entails , is the ability to deploy offensive military force beyond ones one borders . 
  strictly speaking , a destroyer with global range counts , but when determining if a navy counts as a global projection force , experts look at the ability to actually * support * those operations . 
  in addition to offensive power and ship range , you need replenishment ships , global communications reach , the logistics ability to sustain global operations , and actual experience/expertise . 
  the uk , france , and the netherlands , hit all of these notches on the list . 
  with or without carriers . 
  that makes them global force projectors .
