   things are n't much much worse . 
  yes . 
  they are . 
   this is the real america you 're seeing . 
  what you saw before was just an illusion . 
  a ) trump 's abysmal ratings would suggest otherwise ( and a good thing too , because while we might hate the us government , we 'd like to be okay with the majority of americans themselves and that 'd be hard to do if you all supported the insanity ) . 
  b ) you 're only * supporting * the notion that things are much worse with trump in charge because now you do n't even have the illusion of respectability , reliability , and basic competence to keep relations going . 
   you have been allied with a monster all along . 
  ah yes . 
  hyperbole . 
  i know it well . 
   what kind of reliable ? 
  as in , pays it bills , maintains its international obligations , works * with * us to achieve its goals rather than * against * us , and does n't have a giant manbaby for a leader who is fundamentally incapable of doing his job . 
   sorry , i only want to be allied with our friends . 
  ... are you ... schizophrenic by any chance ? 
  because that 's kind of what it sounds like . 
  you ca n't expend this much energy telling us how absolutely horrible you are and then cry about how you do n't have any friends . 
   then why the hell are we pledged to defend your sorry , ungrateful asses ? 
  talk about an exercise in irony . 
  you 're the only ones to have invoked article 5 thus far ( a fact you probably should n't have brought attention to if you were just going to throw the same-old tired nonsense we 've heard before ) , and yet have we received any gratitude for coming to your aid ? 
  not really . 
  not that we need it , since we still believe in things like treaties . 
   fuck right off . 
  okay yeah , i probably should 've checked your posting history first . 
  based on even a cursory glance at it , you * are * schizophrenic ... ... that , or a troll that alternates between extreme positions for the sole purpose of agitating people or sowing discord . 
  you should probably do a better job of hiding your intentions . 
   remember bill clinton massacring somalis no , probably because it never happened . 
  okay , i get it , you 're talking about the battle of mogadishu , but let 's not do your whole american partisan politics thing here and pretend like clinton delivered an order to go massacre people . 
  i 'm not going to get into the whole background of that battle and the conflict surrounding it , certainly mistakes were made . 
  but i can assure you that in terms of tarnishing america 's reputation it absolutely can not compare to w. bush or trump . 
  it made people realize that yes , the us can fuck up pretty bigtime , but we all understood that this was done with the backdrop of a un-backed intervention in a violent civil war , with the best of intentions . 
  completely different from the bush administration outright fabricating evidence for wmd 's and embarking on an illegal war while simultaneously embarking on a propaganda war against long-time allies who disagreed with how things were being handled . 
  clinton 's failure to contribute to the un mission in rwanda ; though hardly falling on him alone given almost nobody contributed ; was indeed a tragedy . 
  but again , quite different from actually starting an illegal war in terms of its effects on global relations . 
   you 're utterly delusional if you think america had a good reputation at any time . 
  and you 're delusional if you think trump has n't made things much much worse . 
  because it is n't as simple as `` they like us/they do n't like us '' . 
  until recently we did n't * have * to like everything the us did . 
  sure , we 'd complain about human rights abuses and regime changes in central america and such ... but at least the united states still had a reputation as a * reliable partner * to its allies . 
  we did n't have to like you so long as we could count on you . 
  there is a * lot * that countries will tolerate from rich powers so long as those powers are meeting their obligations and are still reasonable when they come sit at the negotiating table . 
  and that is no longer true for the us . 
  the cracks in that reliability and relationship started appearing under w. bush , and obama 's popularity hid the fact those cracks were n't healing . 
  and now someone 's taken a sledgehammer to the cracks . 
   i mean , seriously , how dominated by american soft power do you have to be to seriously compare the petty gestures as of late to the days when america was a `` colonial upstart '' ? 
  let 's ignore the blatantly obvious nationalist bias you 've got going on in your posting style . 
  you appear to be unaware of what 's actually happening . 
  we 're not talking about just petty gestures , we 're talking about the united states being cut out of political deals . 
  we 're talking about the eu circumventing the us federal government to deal directly with governors and mayors . 
  while you 're letting yourself get distracted by the `` petty '' stuff , the rest of us are noticing a very distinct change in global attitudes and behavior that * will * have very noticeable consequences moving forward . 
  that aside , i 'm really struggling to comprehend why you 'd think that such ` petty gestures ' indicate anything whatsoever about either how much soft power the us can effectively apply , or the extent to which other countries are ` dominated ' by it . 
  it 's like you do n't understand what soft power actually is and how it 's used . 
   and , not to mention , you 're saying all of this in english on a american website with a american majority userbase . 
  lol yes . 
  english . 
  you know , that language that comes from europe ? 
  not that that 's particularly relevant to anything . 
  people do not speak english because it is the language spoken in the us ; people speak it because it is the global lingua franca , which we we have the british to thank for . 
  the us benefits from this yes , but only marginally more so than the economies of countries with a population educated in the language . 
  also , do n't you think it 's more than a little ironic to make a point of reddit being an american website with an american majority userbase ... when you 're posting it to a * european * subreddit ? 
  and finally , reddit is * not * majority american . 
  looking at internet traffic , americans are the single biggest nationality to visit reddit , but do not represent a majority of the traffic . 
  none of this appears at all related to the original point , which is that regardless of how much potential soft power the us could theoretically leverage , its * effective * soft power is determined by the ability of its leadership to wield and maintain it . 
  an ability clearly lacking at present . 
  america 's reputation most certainly improved under obama ; though perhaps not to pre-bush levels . 
  however , there 's no denying that if the bush administration put america 's reputation into the toilet , the trump administration has put it down into the deepest pits of the sewer . 
  respect and compromise ? 
  i have n't seen us do anything of the sort . 
  in fact quite the opposite , not since the days the us was a mere ` colonial upstart ' have we seen european countries so openly disrespect and circumvent top-level us leadership . 
  besides , even if what you were saying were true that would have fuck-all to do with soft power . 
   yeah , but how does france surpass the united states in non-coercive technological , economic & cultural influence ? 
  because all of the technological/economic/cultural influence of us industry and media does n't contribute to its soft power unless actually succesfully leveraged by a competent leadership to do so . 
  not only is the current leadership lacking in such competence , it is actively tarnishing brand ` america ' . 
   you do n't make a painting with a single stroke of the brush . 
  well you could , and call it modern art ? 
  you 're confusing occurance rate with density . 
  we have a higher * density * of tornadoes , not occurance . 
  there 's over a thousand tornadoes in america 's tornedo alley a year , versus only 300 or so in the whole of europe ( 35 in the netherlands ) . 
  but they 're more * concentrated * here . 
   no they are n't they are defined by law plain and simple always have been . 
  just because you assert that to be true does n't mean it is . 
  did the first caveman need laws to define what freedoms he had ? 
  of course fucking not . 
  * reality * dictates what freedoms you have . 
   cool then i would expect you to realise this is nothing serious at all a government forcing its narrow definition of morality on the public at large is in fact a * very * serious matter . 
  especially when it does so by setting dangerous precedents like this . 
  the fact that you can not see the obvious dangers inherent in policies like this ; or worse , try to dismiss them as not serious ; * means you 're the frog in the slowly heating pot of water . 
   it is and always has been illegal to obtain porn if you are under 18 ( or at least sell it to minors ) it 's just not been enforced online in anyway . 
  freedoms are not dictated by law , but by reality . 
  if one day you can do something because the laws against it are completely unenforced , and then the next they are suddenly enforced , your freedom has been reduced . 
  besides , they 're talking about * new * rules here , not just the enforcement of old ones . 
  forcing you to jump through hoops and provide personal information in order to prove you are 18 is * also * taking away your freedom . 
   just be honest you 're under age and want to watch porn i 'm in my mid thirties and not in the uk . 
  this is just an incredibly slippery slope , and it should be painfully obvious both where it 's coming from and where it 's heading . 
   said it elsewhere in this thread if i ca n't buy porn without age verification offline why should i be able to do so online ? 
  how is that taking away any freedoms ? 
  i. . . ... what ? 
  if you can currently access porn online without age verification , then that is a * freedom you enjoy * . 
  whether you can do so offline or not * is irrelevant * to the fact you have the freedom to do so online . 
  and by definition , making it so that you ca n't do it online anymore means you 're taking freedom away .
