  england has a population density of 419km2 . 
  the netherlands has a population density of 504km2 . 
   yes it is but flanders compared to the netherlands is n't actually , the netherlands is still denser even if you isolate flanders . 
   smerch has a range of 20-70km , while mlrs has a range of 2-40km . 
  that 's using outdated rockets . 
  with gmlrs ( most western operators have upgraded it to at least this standard ) it has a range of 120km . 
  with atacms it goes up to 300km . 
   i am puzzled by their ability to do a lot with a small budget , but russians apparently are pretty good in terms of technology . 
  you keep trying to imply they 're more advanced when they 're clearly not . 
  even when you look at things like armata , it does n't really mean as much as you think ; given that they ca n't afford to buy their top-line stuff , and western countries are in the process of developing their own next-gen systems and equipment which will almost certainly have the benefit of being able to look at what russia 's done and countering it . 
   my point was about technology , not actual force . 
  so was mine . 
   with regard to artillery , i was referring to smerch like the mlrs , that 's from the 1980 's . 
  hardly state of the art . 
   which i have read is better than the us mlr it 's not . 
  the m270 mlrs has a far superior firing range ; while firing the same number of projectiles at roughly the same rate . 
   i have read enough studies to believe that this is accurate its ew capabilities are largely hypothetical . 
  just a lot of claims , no substance . 
  incidentally , neither of your links concern * studies * . 
  just articles . 
  maybe make it look like a heart attack ? 
  tanks ? 
  russia has only a few hundred modern tanks . 
  the rest of its arsenal is pretty old and obsolete . 
  and significant numbers of its reserve are t55 's ; a tank that was introduced * in ww2 * . 
  electronic warfare ? 
  doubtful . 
  almost all of it is soviet era . 
  modern artillery wise they only have the koalitsiya-sv , which is still undergoing trials . 
  it looks impressive on paper , but whether it holds up in reality is another matter , and they certainly wo n't be able to afford a lot of them . 
  if it can live up to its promises , it 'll be an improvement over germany 's pzh2000 , and roughly equivalent to sweden 's archer . 
  active military personnel : russia : 771,000 eu : 1,825,000 right then , that nonsense dealt with , time for tea . 
  negotiation 102 : the tactic described in course 101 may backfire ; especially when dealing with continental europeans . 
  still not seeing a give there . 
   what do you want ? 
  i do n't really want anything ; other than some damn honesty from the uk media and populace for a change . 
  for starters , do n't try to twist things you were going to do anyway around to make it appear you 're trying to compromise . 
  it 's just insulting to everyone . 
   you can say the exact same thing about the things the eu is n't offering . 
  sure . 
  but then , we 're not the one that slammed the door shut on this relationship while yelling obscenities while you keep crashing on the couch even though you keep telling us its over and its all our fault . 
  if you want something from us at this point , you 're going to have to be the ones to give . 
  not the other way around . 
  you 've only got yourselves to blame for that . 
   what 's the alternative to not giving us a good trade deal ? 
  giving you a bad trade deal . 
  which wo n't be as much a problem for us as it will be for you . 
  and maybe we 'll be okay with taking a bit of hurt given the manner you ended this relationship in ; and given what else is at stake . 
  do n't like it ? 
  well , maybe you should have thought of that before you allowed the likes of farage and johnson to be your spokesperson . 
   having 320bn euros of exports get tariffs slapped on them ? 
  not realistic . 
  what makes you think it is n't ? 
   giving the right of eu citizens the right to remain in the uk what else are they going to do ? 
  kick them out ? 
  that would be a huge blow to the uk 's economy as it suddenly loses a large number of workers across the socio-economic spectrum . 
  not to mention the direct costs involved with forcing them all out . 
  this is n't a ` give ' . 
  it 's a ` we ca n't actually afford to do anything else than this , but let 's pretend we 're giving them something ' . 
   continued military and intelligence cooperation . 
  again , what 's the fucking alternative ? 
  quitting nato ? 
  reneging on their international treaties and obligations ? 
  again , this is n't a ` give ' . 
  i do n't think those numbers are public . 
  but certainly not that much . 
  most countries do n't keep reserves that last that long . 
  the eu requires member states to keep strategic reserves worth at least 90 days of their domestic consumption . 
  i do n't think there 's many , if any , countries that exceed this . 
  some countries do n't even meet the 90 day requirement . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure that if we added up all strategic reserves in the world , it would not be able to keep up with world demand for more than those 90 days should production cease completely . 
  that said , i do know roughly 100 million tonnes of crude oil ( which is around 733 million barrels worth , or slightly more than twice the annual oil production of norway ) enters rotterdam every year ; most of which goes to local refineries . 
   one 'd expect strategic reserves to be stored in one 's homeland , though . 
  countries ( my own included ) keep much ( even most ) of their gold reserves in new york really for two reasons : one , it 's a secure location ( this was especially true in the run-up to ww2 , when much of the gold was moved there ) . 
  and two , it 's a * central * location ; right in the center of a major international financial center . 
  keeping the gold in new york makes it very easy to sell portions of it off when governments need a bit of extra money . 
  the same is true for rotterdam and oil . 
  it is a secure location . 
  but more importantly , it 's a central location . 
  if you want to sell part of your oil reserves from time to time , rotterdam is an excellent place to keep your reserves , because it makes it easy to sell . 
  this of course is also true if you want to * expand * your reserves , since it 's easier to buy and store . 
  another added bonus is the fact that countries do n't need to invest in the construction and maintenance of the infrastructure needed to keep their reserves closer to home . 
  and if a government ever feels the need to actually * use * those reserves , it only takes a couple of days to get it shipped to their country . 
  i do n't want to live on this planet anymore . 
  if only it were that simple . 
  what he does has the potential to affect everyone in the world , not just americans . 
  assuming you 're of voting age ; then what * you * think does matter ( however much or little ) , because it informs the way our government deals with him . 
  i think he really * does * mean much of the shit he says ; as is evidenced by the people he 's hiring . 
  and i think it 's dangerous to assume he 's just saying things . 
   that was telling them how to not get flooded . 
  we were invited . 
  which is rather different than what trump 's been doing , do n't you think ? 
   but also what allan said , both of those pictures could be more or less inside a city here , that is bizarre . 
  even our countryside does n't look that desolate . 
   what eu tank defenses ? 
  take your pick . 
  europe 's own tanks . 
  apache gunships . 
  even the many portable infantry held anti-tank weapons would be effective against the majority of russian tanks . 
   they also have 30000 afvs they have just under 20000 actually ; a comparable number to the eu .
