  as such , i 'm not a hypocrite for not doing that . 
  my issue is n't so much with the church not giving everything to charity . 
  it 's with them claiming an exclusive right to morality ; and then just failing to live up to said morality in so spectacular a fashion . 
  it 's like a climate change activist going around the world in a private luxury jet . 
  it 's hypocritical and obscene ; and pointing that out does n't mean you become a hypocrite yourself just because you might still travel by plane from time to time . 
   western-europe 's civilization is build upon christian values . 
  the fuck it is . 
  western civilization is built upon a lot of values ; with christian values part of the mix but hardly the most important among them . 
  our civilization has been far more influenced by the values instilled in us from the enlightenment than anything else . 
  values that from their very inception have been strongly resisted by christianity . 
  anyone with a passing understanding of european history will reject as christian myth , the claim that when you look at what our civilization is built upon you will find christian values at the center . 
   you do realize that most churches pour an enormous amount of money into charitable endeavors ? 
  the catholic church in particular heavily finances healthcare , education , alms , etc. 
  i hate to break it to you ; but the catholic church is hoarding wealth like crazy . 
  people do n't realize how the vatican operates like a business . 
  did you know that the vatican holds a diversified investment porfolio and owns shares in everything from oil companies , to pharmaceutical and weapons manufacturers ? 
  the charity that it does is pitiful in comparison to the wealth it generates and just sits on ; and much of it is generated in an unscrupulous manner . 
  and that 's not even considering the fact that a lot of that charity comes with caveats . 
  `` sure , we 'll fund your school ... if you let us teach mandatory bible classes '' . 
  but even if all of this was n't true ; your argument still would n't apply because it would still be objectively true that this structure is simply not necessary , and that its functions could be replicated in a vastly cheaper building that would then leave more money for charity . 
  the obscenity of this building is n't somehow erased just because the church as an organization does good things elsewhere . 
   and displays a clear lack of understanding of the theology behind the construction of basilicas . 
  and this is supposed to be an argument how ? 
  religious people may justify building wastefull cathedrals like this with theology ( `` god likes big stuff ? 
  '' ) , but those justifications will never convince someone who has n't already drank the kool-aid . 
  i 'm sure it may seem like that to you . 
  of course , to the rest of us ... it does n't . 
  possibly because we could think of a million better things to spend the money on than a building made for no other reason than to glorify people 's unsubstantiated beliefs and look impressive . 
  to most of us , it 's the construction of the building that 's shortsighted . 
  it really is n't . 
   more than just a sweater , probably . 
  well obviously . 
  i do n't know anyone who would wear just a sweater at those kinds of temperatures , even though we 've all grown up expecting those temperatures to come around every year . 
  must be some sweater before i 'd consider that for more than taking the garbage out . 
   it 'll all be around 4 to -3 celsius . 
  how cold is that , regular sweater or proper ice age tier gear and fire making kits ? 
  i like how your options are either a ) `` we can totally just wear a light sweater in this weather where the stuff that makes up more than half our body mass freezes into a solid state , right ? '', 
  or ; b ) we need to prepare for mammoth hunting and pyromania . 
   a cathedral needs to have empty space . 
  what ? 
  of course it does n't !, 
  ` need ' implies it has an actual use for that space . 
   besides , does n't not having floors save money , since you 're not putting a bunch of building materials in to build the floors ? 
  you know what saves even more money ? 
  building a one story building that serves the exact same function . 
   in any case , that charity argument can be applied to the west as well . 
  spending hundreds of millions of euros on art does n't help the impoverished either , and western society claims to hold many of the same values . 
  except the art museum is n't built upon the principles of a religious system that seeks to define morality itself . 
  the people behind the art museum are n't making the kind of moral claims that religion does . 
  if you claim to represent the very source of all that is ` good ' ; the supreme being of the universe and all that ; you do n't then get to splurge ridiculous amounts of money on what amounts to little more than bling . 
  not when there 's so much suffering in the world that you could help alleviate with that money instead . 
  it 's hypocritical ( it 's also , one might add , why we had a reformation in the first place ) . 
   the rijksmuseum cost 375 million euros to renovate , going over budget multiple times , would you call that a waste of space and money ? 
  the rijksmuseum does n't have rooms with anything this level of wasted vertical space . 
  instead of having a hall with so tall a roof because it looks impressive that way , you could put floors there that serve an actual purpose . 
  more importantly , if there is a god , i ca n't imagine he 'd be pleased with humans for pouring so many resources into a place to worship him when there 's still so many people in the world who ca n't even feed themselves . 
  if you 're going to do the whole worship thing , you can do that anywhere ; this on the other hand is just obscenely decadent and runs completely counter to the principles that religious people keep telling me their religion stands for . 
  `` our religion is all about things like charity and helping the poor , guys ! '', 
  / builds giant fucking waste of space and money . 
   it is morally wrong to treat corporations like people , it opens the door for abuse that may or may not be the case . 
  but that is your * opinion , not the law . 
  * besides , i think there 's something profoundly hypocritical about complaining of the supposed immorality of one thing , while defending the rather apparent immorality of another . 
   if politicians have to worry about this kind of thing , they 'll never say or promise anything or maybe they 'll just * stop lying * and instead , tell us the * actual truth * as they understand it . 
  that may be your opinion ; but they do have these protections under the law . 
  i do n't think you understand the concept of defamation then . 
  there 's absolutely nothing about either the word in language itself , or the concept in law , that limits defamation to apply only to people . 
  in fact , cases involving defamation against corporations , institutions , and other organizations are quite * common * . 
  this possibility should be pretty obvious when you think about what defamation * means * . 
  it is defined as the act of attacking a reputation through the use of malicious falsehoods . 
  so if i were for instance to publically claim that the eu engages in organized and systematic ritual sacrifice ; i would in fact be defaming said institution ( whereas if i were to claim individual members of eu parliament do so , i 'd be defaming those individuals ) , and i could well be subject to legal action were the defamed party to decide the assault on their reputation was sufficiently damaging to warrant it . 
  works pretty well for organizations , actually . 
  plenty of corporations have sued over false statements made about their business or products . 
  there may or may not be specific legislative caveats that would prevent a political organization ala the eu to bring such a case in uk law ; but clearly there 's no inherent reason why an organization could bring forth such a case . 
   every eu member is doing worse than switzerland , norway , and luxemburg so in that regards the eu is doing awfully . 
  you do realize luxembourg is a member of the eu , right ? 
  and liechtenstein is a dictatorship how , exactly ? 
  it has an elected parliament ; the prince may hold more power than modern european monarchs commonly hold , but his power is not so great that one can call him a dictator . 
   who exactly was defamed in this case ? 
  what did they say that was defamation ? 
  well we could start with the eu . 
  plenty of defamation against that institution that went on . 
   typically the politician 's opponents will try to win the elections by exposing the lies and showing what 's wrong with the argument . 
  you ca n't seriously believe that that works . 
  that 's the exact same argument someone might use if he accuses someone of rape or murder . 
  `` well , if the public hates him , maybe he should 've done a better job of pointing out that i was making it up '' . 
  that does n't work , especially not with the way the media works , and how biased it is . 
  you can put a massive lie on the front page , and it will dominate the debate . 
  and the counter-arguments ? 
  the retractions that ` oops , we were wrong and this is how it really is ? ', 
  well , those get buried in a tiny column somewhere on the backpages , of course . 
  besides all of that ; it 's a ridiculous argument to be making in the first place . 
  the opponent should n't * have * to expose lies in the first place . 
  these people are supposed to be your * leaders * . 
  you 're supposed to hold them to a higher fucking standard than that . 
  do you teach your children that its okay to lie ? 
  no , you teach them not to do it . 
  why do you accept behavior from the people who have power and authority over you that you would not accept from a child ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  exactly . 
  it 's really disturbing that there 's people who genuinely just shrug their shoulders and not only * accept * that their politicians are lying scumbags , but actually attack someone who ` se trying to hold them accountable for it .
