  there 's no question that poland is better off today than it was during the soviet era . 
  what the hell are you even talking about ? 
  poland is richer than it has ever been and its unemployment is around 9 % and falling . 
  what ? 
  germans enjoy stroopwafels ? 
  that is n't what we had the canadians and americans die for !, 
  no no no ... we want them to put their hands on our bitterballen because then we can make putin 's homophobic regime implode with all the gay sexual innuendo . 
  we may not hate other countries , but we certainly like to hold them in a general state of contempt . 
  not really ; you need proper enrichment facilities . 
  there are in fact only a handful of countries in the world that have these facilities , and of those that have enrichment facilities but that do n't have nukes , only the already mentioned countries : germany , netherlands , and japan have any real solid infrastructure/know-how to design and produce them with ease . 
  other countries would need to build quite a bit of infrastructure first so they can actually get weaponsgrade material . 
  and most developed countries do n't actually have the necessary local know-how and expertise on hand to create them . 
  japan would n't necessarily be able to build its first bomb faster than germany or the netherlands ( unless it comes down to who can throw more money to speed things up ) ; but it does have a rather large stockpile that it could use to build a much larger arsenal than any of the other nuke-capable countries . 
  you could do it a lot faster than that , actually . 
  the netherlands could too , in fact . 
  we 've been regarded by nuclear experts as having been capable of developing a nuclear weapon in in a matter of months since the 70 's . 
  we have the know-how , infrastructure , and resources to do it . 
  we already have enrichenment plants that could easily create weaponsgrade material . 
  we could likely build between 15-30 warheads in a little over a year if we really , really wanted to . 
  of course , it does n't matter since germany and the netherlands have signed treaties not to build nukes ; and public opinion would never allow us to . 
  it would be kind of hilarious to threaten belgium or luxembourg with dutch nukes , though . 
  and , unsurprisingly , they confuse us with you guys . 
  and by they i mean americans . 
  also , they sometimes think we 're a pastry . 
  and then when i tell them that 's the danish they get all `` what ? 
  i thought there were people in holland !, 
  are you telling me they 're all pastries ? '', 
  and then i beat them on the head with a clog and tell them `` it 's the fucking netherlands , not holland , you clod . '', 
  dude , do n't insinuate to foreigners that we literally eat feces . 
  who 'd want to invest in a country of feces eaters ? 
  did you really just lecture someone who was born here about how if they want to come here they have to follow our ways ? 
  i like how you double-posted that , but left out the ( incorrectly ) part in the 2nd one . 
  honest mistake or deliberate disinformation campaign ? 
  for a second i was like : `` motherfuckers , russia actually stole their flag 's design from the dutch flag , just like you guys just rotated our flag 90 degrees and pretended it was a new one ! '', 
  then i was like , `` oh ... right , good thing they did n't steal that flag from us i guess . '', 
  well , the expedition to set up that swedish colony was outfitted by one dutchman , led by another dutchman , and lay within the territory claimed by new netherlands ... so really , all we did was kick out a bunch of swedish squatters . 
  pretty sure sweden never had any territory in the netherlands . 
  only dutch city with a skyline is rotterdam ? 
  wot ? 
  the hague would like a word . 
  m.a.d , mutually assured destruction . 
  keeping it off topic : i 'm reading a steampunkish alternate history book called the mechanical in which christiaan huygens invented sentient clockwork golems and the netherlands proceeds to conquer all of europe and much of the rest of the world , with only france ( exiled to canada ) continuing to resist . 
  goddamnit huygens , you could 've given us the world !, 
  nobody cares about the wave theory of light !, 
  i blame you guys for demanding the king produce an actual heir instead of just accepting continued glorious dutch rule . 
  seriously , what gives ? 
  tiny ?!, 
  looks like we 're going to have to invade england again !, 
  oh god , this is terribly embarrassing you guys . 
  turns out we still have intolerant old people in this country . 
  it can normal really not , think i. 
  nuclear winter is still winter . 
  ( removed questions about countries being in the eu ... ) ... 
  question for the netherlands : `` in the eu '' ... * flips table *, 
   i have a slight suspicion that your definition of politeness boils down to `` behavior i agree with '' . 
  your suspicion is wrong . 
  politeness is in its intent . 
  a polite individual is considerate towards others ; said consideration is the very cornerstone of politeness period ; it 's why politeness is a thing that exists in the first place . 
  someone who knowingly gives offense , but hides it in language/behavior commonly associated with politeness is not himself being polite . 
  that has nothing to do with what behavior i personally happen to agree with . 
  someone could say and do things i find horribly offensive , but they could still be polite about it if they were genuinely unaware that it would cause offense . 
   no , it does n't . 
  ... are you seriously just completely unaware of dutch history or something ? 
   and although `` cunts '' is a rough word , mainly because i 'm fed up with this lingual fanaticism by limburgers and brabos , you 'll have a hard time finding people in cities like utrecht , apeldoorn , amersfoort , enschede , etc who refer to `` holland '' as the two provinces instead of simply the whole country . 
  i like how you listed not a * single * city in holland itself . 
  let me tell you that there are * plenty * of people within the actual region that use `` holland '' as a short-hand for the west of the country ( ie ; north and south holland together ) . 
  also plenty of people in utrecht too , but i do n't know , maybe you 've just never spoken to any ? 
   whether you resent city folk from the randstad or not . 
  i 've lived in the randstad my whole life . 
  i do n't really mind holland as a nickname for the country ; but not minding it does n't mean i ca n't also go : `` well , actually ... '', 
  everyone * in * the us is on board with people calling them americans though . 
  it is n't like ` america ' only refers to the east coast and the rest of the country gets lumped in with them by the rest of the world because they do n't know any better . 
  so while it is n't * exactly * like my example , it 's more like it than you 're admitting . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  refusing to follow an unjust order that tramples on your own rights is n't the same as insulting someone . 
  only if you 're completely unaware that you 're being offensive ; which seems unlikely in such a case . 
  being polite means showing good manners toward others . 
  you can certainly * pretend * to be polite while knowingly insulting people , and cover up the insult in language that under normal circumstances would be considered polite . 
  but you 're still being a dick and not * actually * being polite if you do . 
  it 's not good manners . 
  sorry , but those figures do n't even remotely match up with [ other ] ( https://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/results ) such surveys and studies . 
  the article you posted even points out the flaws with the claims being made . 
  besides , even if the level of corruption in russia was genuinely now at the same level as the us ; it would still be far above that of sweden . 
  pretending that sweden is corrupt is the real joke . 
  corruption is everywhere ; but sweden ranks high among the least corrupt countries in the world . 
  they just want to know why you 're not a bunch of corrupt bastards like them . 
  i mean , it 'd be so much easier to bribe and influence you guys that way . 
  well , i had to guess with some of the words . 
  plus , i probably would n't have gotten it if not for the context of the earlier posts . 
   holland is n't a province in holland . 
  it 's a nickname for the whole country . 
  it 's a nickname because holland used to be a single province , one so powerful and influential that it dominated national and foreign politics forcing the other provinces to get it broken up when they got a chance to do so . 
   but i 've never heard someone refer to those two provinces as `` holland '' let me stop you right there because what you 're saying just is n't possible . 
  north and south holland may be administratively separate , but it 's pretty universally recognized that holland represents a cultural and historic * region * . 
  it is n't just people from limburg that refer to the area as holland . 
  it 's people * from * holland that do it as well . 
  i seriously doubt you 've never heard anyone but ` rural cunts ' refer to it this way . 
  my attempt at a rough translation into dutch : heet het niet nederland in deens ? 
  translating that into english : is it not called netherlands in danish ? 
  people usually say holland in swedish , but it 's officially netherlands .
