  economically it was completely and utterly dominant . 
  hegemon is the only word that can be used to describe it ; and i do n't know of any historian familiar with the period who would describe the dutch republic as anything other than an economic hegemon . 
  it also dominated in terms of naval power ; a dominance that even england was unable to break . 
  additionally , it was no slouch with its military in general . 
  let 's not forget that it managed to fight off a simultaneous invasion by france , england , and two large hre states ; and actually force a favorable peace in the process . 
  and also lets not forget that it actually * conquered * england ( because yes , that 's what the glorious revolution actually was , an invasion ) . 
  so at its height , it dominated the global economy and its navy dominated the seas . 
  it was the foremost naval and economic power of its day . 
  that 's not in question , that 's a fact that yes , / r/askhistorians would surely tell you as well . 
  it may not have been the foremost landpower throughout that time ( though certainly in the top ) ; but it was without a question a global hegemon in its two main areas of interest . 
  i 'm not sure why you 'd even try to argue this . 
   the answer is no by the way . 
  the answer is yes , actually . 
  the dutch republic was without doubt the biggest naval and economic power of the 17th century . 
  by far . 
  it was , in contrast to common perception , also one of the biggest landpowers of the time ( its army was consistently in the top 3 largest armies in europe at the time ) . 
   again , im not arguing your points , but to say any of these other nations had the power , reach , and impact of say the romans , mongols , or britain is flat out incorrect . 
  well , given that any colonial nation could project power on a global scale while neither the romans or mongols could , i suppose that 's technically correct ; because they all had more power and reach than the romans and mongols . 
  as for impact , well , i think you 're severely underestimating the impact these countries have had . 
   but again confined to small areas . 
  sorry , but calling indonesia ' a small area ' is profoundly ignorant . 
  besides which , the `` pax '' could be extended to include the whole of the voc area . 
  and spain ? 
  a small area ? 
  you 're joking . 
  these were still * massive * empires ; with massive reach and impact ; which at their height far outstripped any of their rivals . 
  compare spain 's dominance of the new world to the efforts of others at the time ; or the massive dutch trade dominance that dwarfed the rest of the world at the time . 
  the world would look * very * different today if either of these empires had n't existed , and i do n't just mean in terms of borders . 
  yes , the british empire in the 19th century was considerably larger than other empires had been in the centuries before that . 
  nobody 's contesting that . 
  but you were implying that its power and reach was somehow different on some fundamental level . 
  which is simply not true , as various european nationstates have been global hegemons prior to the uk . 
   ahem . 
  did these nations have empires that spanned 5 continents ? 
  yes ? 
  both the netherlands and spain had large amounts of territory across five different continents . 
  six for the netherlands actually , if a certain historical hypothesis regarding a lost dutch colony in australia holds true . 
   did their overwhelming sea power secure very safe , for the time , sea travel ? 
  yes . 
  ever hear of the spanish main ? 
  as for the netherlands ; at its zenith , it was the largest naval power the world had ever known , and its merchant fleet was more than twice as big as the entire rest of europe * combined * . 
  not to mention it invented the very concept of maritime law . 
   did their power and reach allow their own language to become the lingua franca of the entire world ? 
  just about , yes . 
  there 's a reason spanish is spoken by almost 600 million people in the world despite there being only 46 million spanish people , you know . 
  as for dutch ; the dominance of the netherlands during its heyday in matters of science and international finance ensured that educated people from the americas to japan studied the language . 
   you can inform without being rude and condescending . 
  hypocrisy is still a fine british art , i see . 
   funny how ive seen pax brittanica in countless places but never have seen pax francia , pax germanica , or any other euro nation . 
  ahem . 
  pax hispanica is a term that has been applied that followed the decades after the peace of vervins , during which spain was the dominant power in europe and enforced europe-wide stability . 
  pax hollandica is a term applied to the period of peace enforced by the dutch in taiwan , while pax neerlandica has been applied to both the dutch dominance of the baltic sea , and to the 19th/20th century indonesian archipeligo . 
  if you 've never seen the term ` pax ' applied to any other european nation , then that 's a failing on your part . 
  ice is what we call water that has frozen solid . 
  snow consists of snowflakes , which are water droplets that have frozen and formed crystalline structure . 
  so snow is ice . 
  a saying that does n't make sense here since it concerns a slightly different pronounciation of the same word ; whereas what you 're responding to is a slightly tongue-in-cheek clarification that a given definition of a word is actually not correct and alters the meaning of the word when contrasted with the actual definition . 
  now i realize you were just engaging in a light attempt at humor using an all-too worn saying that 's supposed to mean that if its all the same , it does n't matter how you say something . 
  but i think in that context , it 's funnier to just keep explaining how language works and thereby running the joke into the ground . 
  also , you know , it 's not all the same , so it does actually matter . 
  well , technically , snow * is * ice . 
  well if we 're going to get into a discussion of language ...  the english word is used for something that 's unknown . 
  the english word `` unknown '' is used for something that 's unknown  .  the word `` obscure '' is used for something that is not easily/widely known/understood by people . 
  i wish this were true ; because if any country would be fucked over by leaving the eu , it would be the netherlands ... ... but i have very little faith left in the ability of my countrymen to reach informed and rational opinions/decisions on things like this . 
   because the eu would n't want russian presence in their borders , or possible borders . 
  especially a fully operational military base . 
  if russia was a reliable and civilized partner , we 'd have no problem with that . 
  and we do take international treaties seriously . 
  if there 's a treaty giving russia access to a base within a memberstate , then that treaty will be honored . 
  and i think we 'd rather have a naval base within our territory than nukes in an exclave in the middle of the eu like we already have . 
  i do n't really see much difference . 
  besides , there would n't even be a risk of ukraine joining the eu any time soon . 
  the whole situation is like if i said hi to my neighbour as we pass on the street , and the guy on the other end of the street gets paranoid about it because he has a crush on her , so he takes her hostage and cuts off her ear so i 'll call off the wedding that was never happening in the first place . 
   implying its a sane regime lol that 's kind of the opposite of what i was doing . 
   furthermore , if ukraine wanted to go more pro-eu , they would have broken the agreement that guarantees why ? 
  there 'd be no reason whatsoever to do so ; provided russia behaved itself with civility towards the ukraine and the eu . 
  russia is afraid of its neighbours acting like russia is not their friend ... which in the russian mindset means it makes perfect sense to beat the shit out of them so that they wo n't act like that . 
  you know , like how friends do to friends . 
  there 's a flaw there somewhere , but i 'm not sure pointing it out to russia would help any . 
  only for show . 
  and only when it suits them . 
   it is worth a war actually , it gives them a big base in sevastopol . 
  a base they already had and were guaranteed to continue to have for decades . 
  so ... that does n't make any sense . 
  besides , they have other bases on the same sea . 
  they did n't even really * need * sevastopol . 
  to a sane regime , it would n't have been worth a war . 
   he did : no , that 's not what that says . 
  it might certainly be taken to * imply * that ( though might not be meant to be taken that way ) ; but that 's * not * what it actually says . 
   no , if jews were exactly as targeted as any other group , you would n't have any specific problem with anti-semitism . 
  you 'd just have crime . 
  nonsense . 
  you 're talking about * targeting * groups . 
  in other words , people being targeted * for * being jewish . 
  or black . 
  or muslim . 
  or so on . 
  thus by definition it would be anti-semitic crime ; not just crime . 
  ... wow . 
  proving you still do n't know what the words mean .
