  this is no way absolves spacex of blame however , as this is precisely the sort of thing they should have detected prior to launch during inspection and assembly . 
  the fact that they introduced more stringent hardware checks * after * the failure is telling . 
   it was n't designed to land , landing was added afterwards . 
  they adopted a different approach to re-usability after the initial failures with the parachutes that you 're pretending did n't happen , yes . 
  however , it is not correct to say that this was just `` added afterwards '' . 
  falcon 9 1.0 was not designed to land . 
  falcon 9 1.1 , which is actually significantly different from the earlier model , was designed from the start to land . 
  they did n't just strap on the capability to the existing rocket . 
  are you saying you would n't want to live in [ this magnificent uh ... 
  something ? 
  ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/7swm1ilmbu/?taken-by=uglydutchhouses ), 
  two dozen times ? 
  it 's only launched 10 times since the explosion . 
  let 's try and * not * inflate the numbers , shall we ? 
   it has four failures in its first twelve launches , that 's pretty bad . 
  first of all , it does * not * have four failures in its first twelve launches , it 's 4 failures in the first * 14 * launches . 
  if you 're going to argue about something like this at least make sure you get the basic details right . 
  secondly , that 's not actually that bad . 
  falcon 9 had five failures in its first 14 launches . 
  atlas v had 8 . 
  most systems have rocky starts , unless they 're just improvements on pre-existing systems . 
  what matters is the long-term track record once a system exits the early stage . 
  ariane 5 has had only 4 failures out of 94 launches , and has n't had so much as a hiccup in the past 80 launches . 
  that 's reliability . 
  falcon 9 currently only has 10 consecutive launches without a failure . 
  i have hopes that it will reach a reliability similar to that of ariane 5 and other such systems ... but it is a long way from that at present . 
   one of spacex 's failures was n't even their fault . 
  ... what ? 
  which one ? 
  there is not a single failure on the list where they are n't at fault to some degree . 
   and to count experimental landings as failures is ridiculous of course it 's not ridiculous . 
  falcon 9 is * designed * to land . 
  failing to do the thing it is designed for counts as a failure . 
  ariane 5 on the other hand is not designed to land , so you do n't get to turn that around . 
  uhm . 
  what ? 
  the ariane 5 does not have four failures in twelve launches . 
  it has 4 failures out of 94 launches . 
  two of which were only partial failures . 
  and its last 80 launches were all succesful . 
  spacex 's falcon 9 does not have `` two in thirty odd and counting '' . 
  it has 3 mission failures , and 9 landing failures . 
  out of 38 . 
  the cautious approach clearly has the better track record here . 
   this is a severely pathetic excuse for finding flaws in the falcon 9 launch platform . 
  all i did was point out a few errors in someone 's fanboy post . 
  i am not trying to `` find flaws '' in falcon 9 or any other system . 
  the more reliable systems we have available the better . 
  though if these are `` severely pathetic excuses '' for finding flaws with falcon 9 , then surely the same could be said about someone making a fuss over the early failures of ariane 5 . 
   you are literally burying your head in the sand and hoping that reality will just go away and allow esa to remain competitive . 
  okay first of all , esa is a science organization , it is n't trying to be competitive . 
  ariane launchers are not esa products . 
  they 're airbus products . 
  nor does esa operate them commercially . 
  that 's arianespace , subsidiary of arianegroup which is a joint venture between airbus and safran . 
  secondly , ariane 6 will almost certainly be competitive . 
  falcon 9 will more than likely also be competitive . 
  which of the two will end up being the most cost-effective option remains to be seen . 
  i fail to see how i 'm sticking my head in the sand simply because i do n't have a fanboy attitude for falcon 9 . 
  edited : properly finished a sentence . 
   the early days of the ariane 5 were much worse than the falcon 9 . 
  that 's pretty questionable . 
  out of falcon 9 's first 10 launches , there were 4 failures . 
  on the first two missions the parachutes failed . 
  on the 4th mission there was an engine failure which resulted in the loss of part of the payload , and the 6th mission resulted in a complete loss upon the landing stage . 
  ariane 5 's first 10 launches only included 3 failures . 
  the first flight 's failure was certainly caused by a big oversight in retrospect , but i would n't exactly call it retarded either . 
  such bugs can happen in any complicated system and it is almost impossible to predict their occurance before they actually do . 
  the 2nd launch turned into a partial failure when it encountered a rolling problem not unlike the falcon 9 and the 10th launch resulted in an incorrect orbit . 
  falcon 9 's early track record certainly does n't seem to be better than that of ariane 5 . 
  a bit worse , actually . 
  then there 's also the fact that falcon 9 has had 11 failures over 38 flights , versus only 4 failures over 94 flights for ariane 5 . 
  although to be fair to the falcon 9 , most of their failures are on the landing attempts , which the ariane 5 obviously does n't do . 
   we do n't even know how reliable the ariane 6 will be at first . 
  given arianespace 's general track record ; which is the most reliable in the business ; and given that the technologies in ariane 6 are all well-understood , there 's really no reason to assume anything other than reliability . 
  especially once they get out of certification launch stage . 
  or the [ houses ] ( http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/blogs/the_eye/2015/04/20/150421_eye_uglybelgianhouses1.jpg.crop.original-original.jpg ) . 
  just googling ` belgian houses ' on image search reveals some utter monstrosities . 
  creative for sure . 
  but fugly beyond imagination . 
  hmm , yes , on a 2nd look you seem to be right . 
  and the rear door definitely matches up . 
  although the picture you posted seems to lack that part that hangs over the door , which is kind of what made me think ypr in the first place . 
  any idea what that is ? 
  just extra armor missing from the one in the picture you provided ? 
  are you sure ? 
  it kind of looks like an ypr-765 , ( which we used to have thousands of ) . 
  the only ones we have left though are in service with he marechaussee or as vehicles used to recover other armored vehicles . 
  it ca n't be one of the former , since they 're all painted blue , but it could conceivably be one of the latter . 
  perhaps the belgians still have some too ? 
   you are simply mistaken . 
  i am not . 
   you probably were n't alive back then i was . 
   so you do n't remember how much ink was spilled on this issue . 
  i do , in fact . 
  again , totally different situation . 
   this is where american respectability and reliability died . 
  yes ; america 's reputation as ` the good guys ' faded well before trump or w.bush . 
  no , this did not start in the early 90 's , it started well before that . 
  again though , you 're comparing apples and oranges .
