  it 's not . 
  we knew we were going to replace them eventually . 
  now 's the time . 
  they 're still really good subs that are more than competitive with what else is running around out there . 
  but they 're not future proof . 
   and i doubt that they could actually achieve functioning fusion weapons and delivery systems in less than three years without outside help . 
  which is bullshit . 
  if you can build a fission bomb , you can almost certainly build a hydrogen bomb . 
  it is n't like we 'd have to start from scratch . 
  the theory on how to do it is common knowledge ; and figuring out the practical concerns is n't going to be particularly difficult for a developed country with a well-developed nuclear knowledge-base like germany , japan , or the netherlands . 
  the question is n't whether they * could * do it in such a short time span ; it 's whether they * would * . 
   pure fission is pointless since it ca n't reach the necessary yields , well this is just flat-out ridiculous . 
  the biggest fission nuke had a yield of 500kt . 
  that 's 25 times what was dropped on nagasaki . 
  you can still wipe out entire cities with that . 
  dropping just one on moscow would wipe most of it out . 
   planes armed with gravity bombs wo n't guarantee deterrence yes , they would . 
  they would arguably do a better job of it too . 
  why ? 
  because you 'd end up with a country that effectively only has tactical nukes ( size of the nukes is n't relevant here ) . 
  therefore , its nuclear doctrine will revolve around the use of these nukes not against distant targets , but against invading armies and navies . 
  nobody 's going to sail their fleet into a hostile country that could wipe said fleet out with a single bomb . 
  at the same time , they 're not going to pre-emptively nuke said country with icbm 's either , because while that would eliminate the threat of reprisal , it would also invite immediate reprisal from the rest of the world . 
  nobody 's going to sit by and watch a small country that is n't even a threat to the bigger power get nuked without provocation . 
  so you end up with a situation where even just a handful of plane-delivered bombs strongly discourage invasion/military action . 
   planes armed with gravity bombs wo n't guarantee deterrence especially since netherlands with its size ca n't afford to operate enough strategic bombers b61 bombs are n't delivered by strategic bombs . 
  they 're delivered by f16 's . 
  so this is n't a relevant argument . 
  as long as you have planes capable of carrying a nuke , you have a deployment capability . 
  it may be more difficult to get those through an enemy 's defenses ; but the chance is still high enough that you could get one through to serve as a deterrent . 
   this statement is made for a lot of countries but i doubt it 's ever true . 
  that statement is not made for a lot of countries ; and it is most definitely true for the netherlands . 
  hell , it 's common knowledge that pakistan 's nuclear program was only made possible with enrichment technology stolen from the netherlands . 
   have technical knowledge of how to built a fission warhead , but do you have technical knowledge how to build a fusion one how is that relevant ? 
  nobody was talking about fusion warheads specifically . 
   do you have enough reactors , enrichment facilities to produce necessary uranium/plutonium isotopes yes . 
  the netherlands is one of the 14 countries in the world that have uranium enrichment plants . 
  and it is n't exactly a token capacity either . 
  in fact , the swu/yr capacity is roughly equal to that of the us . 
   and do you have the knowledge and capabilities of building delivery systems ? 
  we already have delivery systems . 
  they 're called planes . 
  that 's how the nato nukes are meant to be delivered . 
  you do n't need fancy icbm 's . 
  the netherlands has had the know-how , resources , and infrastructure , to build nukes since the 60/70 's . 
  we could easily pull it off . 
  if the us withdrew entirely from nato/europe and ended the nuke sharing program ; and if npt looked to be dead ... there 'd be a very real chance we 'd decide to build some nukes of our own . 
  it would n't be a mad arsenal ; more something in line with what we already have under the weapons sharing program , and it might not be popular with the public at large ; but it would fit with earlier government decisions made in regards to the nukes . 
  we wo n't do it so long as everyone calms the fuck down and the world maintains a modicum of sanity . 
  if the world keeps going down the path its going now though , a dutch ( or any eu country ) nuke program would be the least of anyone 's worries . 
   i recently read that the dutch government is looking at the doggerbank to polder even more stuff . 
  not only is that not true , it 'd be absurd . 
  the technical difficulties with doing that would make it prohibitively expensive to polder anything on scales like flevoland there . 
  even at its most shallow , the doggerbank is still much deeper than the zuyderzee was . 
  poldering the doggerbank would cost trillions ... and serves little purpose to us given that we do n't actually need the extra land for anything ( if we did need the land , we 'd just polder the markerwaard like we originally planned to when making flevoland ) what you 're probably thinking of is the concept plans for a multinational energy project at the doggerbank ( which is n't a government project afaik ) . 
  this would center on a small island of 6.5 square kilometers ( which would still cost billions to make ) , surrounded by a windpark . 
  he 's the lorem ipsum of racist intellectuals . 
  more like the `` racist who thinks he 's intellectual '' . 
  baudet is a caricature of an intellectual . 
  given how much i 've heard brexiters declare that the experts have been proven wrong , i 'm going to guess they 'll just keep on believing that for a while longer . 
  and then when that is no longer possible , they 'll just blame it on something/someone else . 
  ah yes , john glubb 's pseudo-scientific fate of empires tripe being pushed by a 1 day old account . 
  how surprising . 
  it 's all just politics to begin with , though . 
  strictly speaking , europe is not a continent . 
  it 's a subcontinent treated as a continent because some people in the distant past decided it should be . 
  i. . . already gave you one ? 
  if you want a link to the actual cbs definition , i 'm afraid i can only find a dutch language one . 
  the cbs * is * a `` prestigious '' source . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking for if that does n't qualify . 
  i 'm also not really sure why it has to be a ` prestigious ' source . 
  the point is n't that japan being defined as western is ` correct ' or backed by * authoritative * sources . 
  the point is that it is sometimes regarded as such . 
  i doubt there 's many people over a certain age who are n't aware that japan has sometimes been regarded as western . 
  it was fairly common during the cold war . 
  especially back when japan was essentially the only country outside of europe/n-america/australia + new zealand to be considered a developed country . 
  ` western ' was just synonomous with ` developed ' for a long period . 
  and so you 'd see japan get referred to as such from time to time . 
   belgium was celtic before the romans came , not germanic . 
  that 's not exactly true , and is an unfortunate artifact of ceasar unceremoniously deciding that everything on one side of the rhine was germanic and everything on the other side was celtic . 
  but this is contradicted by some roman sources that state that the majority of the belgae ( the rough grouping of tribes that lived in belgium ) were actually descendent from germanic tribes . 
  the exact extent to which the belgae were celtic and to what extent they were germanic is a subject of eternal debate among scholars , but stating that belgium was celtic before the romans came is simply incorrect . 
  germanic tribes were already there by the time the romans arrived . 
  the tungri and eburones for instance were clearly germanic . 
  the nervii and treveri were also stated by some romans to be germanic . 
  and there 's speculation that the morini and menapii alongside others might have been too . 
  all in all it was a mix of celtic , germanic , and the remnants of a local culture that predates both ( likely the nordwestblock ) . 
   japan is never defined as west . 
  you 're confusing `` rich '' with `` western '' . 
  no , he 's correct . 
  japan has been defined as western by some sources due to socio-economic reasons . 
  it does n't make sense , but it * is * a thing . 
  for example , in the netherlands we have a term called ` allochtoon ' ; which refers to someone who was not born in the country or who has one or more parents who were born elsewhere . 
  according to the official definition that has been in use by our national bureau of statistics for a long time , a non-western allochtoon is someone whose origins lie in turkey , africa , latin-america , or asia ; with the exception of the former dutch indies or japan . 
  it 's weird and you can argue it does n't make any sense , but clearly western is sometimes applied to japan . 
  well , technically i 'm an almeerder , i just use the amsterdam flair because it 's easier than telling people `` i live in this city that 's only 30 years old , is 20km to the east and part of the amsterdam metropolitan area and where all the amsterdammers moved back in the 80 's '' . 
  and like i said , i do n't really pay attention to dutch news much . 
  man , as a dutch person who does n't really pay any attention to dutch news , it comes as a bit of a shock to hear they closed the bijlmerbajes down and then turned it into a refugee center . 
  this is like the most famous prison in the country . 
  in most countries in the world , those fields would n't even count when determining if cities connect or not .
