  russia can send ships out to spanish waters , sure . 
  but most of its fleet consists of antiques that wo n't hold their own against a modern spanish destroyer ( much less the rest of nato forces they 'd have to pass on the way ) . 
  if they sent their * entire * navy against spain and nobody else interfered , then yes , the russian navy would probably win simply because of its numbers . 
  but it would be a hard-fought victory and in the end they would n't be able to land significant enough troops/equipment/vehicles ( ie ; force projection ) to be much more than a nuisance . 
  nukes are a suicide option to use though . 
  in a conventional war , spain would hold up much better than you might think . 
  spain has better force projection capabilities . 
  russia does n't even really have any amphibious assault/warfare ships . 
  certainly nothing like the galicia class or the juan carlos i. russia is incapable of projecting serious conventional force all the way to spain . 
  it can only project force in its immediate neighborhood . 
  of course he does n't . 
  * his * wealth is no doubt well protected . 
  the entire turkish economy could collapse and he 'll still be living in decadent luxury . 
  and his popularity will probably stay intact if everyone else 's wealth goes down the toilet as well , because like so many other dictators around the world , he can spin it all as being the fault of the evil west . 
   a russia that has an economy the size of france ( which would put it in the top 10 world economies ) would be very hard to deal with in that same manner . 
  again , please . 
  nato 's combined economy would be 16 times bigger than russia if it had an economy the size of france ( as it stands , it 's actually 30 times bigger ) . 
  it would be trivially easy to do what you 're saying . 
  you ca n't build a military capable of competing with nato on a shoestring budget . 
  ships , missiles , jets , tanks ... there 's a limit to how cheap you can make these and still have them be useful . 
  it will be impossible for russia to keep up with the west no matter how big their economy grows . 
  if you can defeat them that way when their economy is shit , you can defeat them that way if their economy is in perfect boom condition . 
  russia is a regional power whose behavior is a matter of concern . 
  but russia just is n't scary the way it used to be , and it never will be again . 
  please . 
  russia with a not shit economy would have an economy the size of france or thereabouts . 
  hardly that scary compared to the us , the eu , or nato as a whole . 
  i 'm not sure if you genuinely believe that , just have a different understanding of the word ` upscale ' , or if there 's significantly differentregional attitudes to the beer . 
  heineken has traditionally cost quite a bit more than domestic american beer ; yet has seen almost non-stop growth since the ' 50 's . 
  when people pay more for a product for no real reason other than brand , said product quite naturally becomes regarded as premium . 
  ie ; upscale . 
  it certainly seemed people regarded it that way when i was in florida years back . 
  i obviously did n't mean upscale in the `` only millionaires drink it '' sort of way . 
  more in the `` ooh , this is what europeans drink . 
  i 'll pay a little extra for that kind of quality '' sort of way in which people justify paying more for the same kind of shit . 
   whow ... hold on . 
  never said i was going to vote sgp or cu . 
  well ... you kind of did ? 
  you said you were `` perhaps going to vote for them in the upcoming election '' . 
  in any case ; i did n't `` kick you in the balls '' for who you might or might not vote for . 
  i did n't even kick you in the balls for * anything * . 
  what i * did * do was express my disbelief that someone living in the netherlands could be so completely unaware that the sgp is a fundamentalist party that they only found out about it from a reddit comment . 
  that just does not compute . 
  i mean , the sgp only * ever * comes up at all in the media or general conversation in the context of its fundamentalist views . 
   if you can think of any , please do tell me . 
  i 'm not even trying to be an asshole saying that , i would really like to know so that next time i meet a creationist i have one more ace up my sleeve . 
  okay . 
  ask them if they 've ever taken antibiotics . 
  if so , ask them if they took the antibiotics from 60 years ago , or more recent antibiotics . 
  you see , bacteria evolve . 
  they become resistant to antibiotics . 
  if someone does n't believe in evolution , then they should have no objection to using outdated medicine . 
   the theory that one fucked up part in your knowledge about the world would fuck up other parts is false in my opinion . 
  sorry to say then , but your opinion is wrong . 
  simple logic could tell you the same . 
  lets simplify the argument to very simple terms . 
  what do you think would happen if someone believes that 1 +1 = 3 ? 
  i mean really think about it . 
  it would screw with * everything * . 
  knowledge builds on knowledge . 
  if the basic math you use is wrong , then everything that * builds upon * that knowledge ends up being wrong as well . 
   basically their metric is n't fucked up , it 's just biased on certain things . 
  no , it \u00b4 s definitely their metric that is fucked up . 
  if it wasn \u00b4 t , then it wouldn \u00b4 t matter what their social circle tries to force on them . 
  if * your * social circle were to try and convince you that 1 +1 = 3 , you would know that 's bullshit . 
  all you have to do is hold up one finger , and then another , and see that you do n't have three fingers up in front of you . 
  evolutionary understanding is a bit more complex of course ; but the most fundamental ` metric ' we 're talking about is n't really evolutionary understanding itself , but the methods of thinking that allow us to separate things that are plausible from things that are bullshit . 
  no matter how persistent your social circle is , if your basic ability to apply skeptical thought is uncompromised you will never be fooled into falling for the bullshit in so dramatic a fashion . 
   not only that , i think that most evolution creationists who have to live around people who are not like them in this respect know about elovution theory , they just do n't believe in it . 
  or to be precise , they believe in another explanation . 
  could n't be farther from the truth . 
  they * think * they know about evolution . 
  but they do n't . 
  they have strawman understanding of evolution that exists purely for trying to prove evolution `` wrong '' . 
  this is why creationists will often talk about things like irreducible complexity , micro versus macro evolution , or a lack of transitional fossils ; all things that are nonsensical to anyone who has a real understanding of evolution . 
  they have no * actual * understanding of evolution . 
  what they understand is a completely made-up version of evolution that just vaguely looks like the real thing . 
  so saying that they just do n't believe in it is absurd . 
  that 's like saying you do n't believe in space travel because star trek does n't make any sense . 
  they 've convinced themselves of a falsehood ; and they would never have been able to do that so effectively if their means of understanding the world they live in were n't so limited to start with . 
  what . 
  how can anyone not be aware of the fundamentalist views of the sgp ? 
  it 's pretty much the only thing they 're known for . 
  they want a theocratic government , and had to be dragged kicking and screaming into allowing women in the party by a judge ( because you know , they believe women are inferior and should n't even be allowed to vote ) with the cu i can understand somewhat ; given that they support freedom of religion and separation of church and state . 
  at least , they claim to support those things ( which i find hard to reconcile with their obviously religiously motivated desire to revert abortion laws ) . 
  they 're still batshit on a lot of issues . 
   in short creationists are not a serious problem if they are in the minority . 
  i actually think that being a creationist is not a huge problem in itself it is , though . 
  if you want to make the right decisions in life , you need to make * informed * decisions . 
  the more you know about how the world works , the more adept at interacting with the world you become . 
  to give an example , say i do n't know how a car engine works . 
  a car mechanic could then abuse my ignorance to convince me that i need an expensive new flux-capacitor when all i actually need is an oil change . 
  i would n't be at risk of that if i knew how engines work ( or if i know how to spot a con-job ) . 
  a creationist bases his understanding of the world on fundamentally flawed principles ; which is problematic because that can affect a whole lot of decisions . 
  that is * why * they tend to be nuts in what you consider to be ` more important ' areas ; if your metric for understanding things is flawed to begin with ... well , you 're going to draw flawed conclusions . 
  it ultimately comes down to us needing to focus more on teaching people how to employ critical thinking correctly . 
  if we were to teach kids how to spot bullshit ( and importantly , to continuously test their own beliefs and conclusions ) , there would n't be as much of a problem with these sorts of things . 
   do n't get me wrong , i think it 's fine my country did something right , but i think the overabundance of articles regarding portugal 's drug policy is bound to bring unwanted attention . 
  i think this overexposure is bound to give foreigners the idea that `` drugs are legal in portugal '' , which might generate a sudden influx of dumb ass tourists that came to portugal because they `` want all the drugs ! '' . 
  look on the bright side , you 're not alone .
