  colonies did not play any role in this . 
  it was the combination of technology and urbanisation that propelled european states ahead of the chinese economy on a per capita basis . 
  the tank is not named kant . 
  there is a joint venture between the german krauss-maffei and french nexter systems . 
  this joint venture is called kant . 
  the new generation tank will almost certainly be called the leopard 3 , as it will be a development of the leopard 2 . 
  this will also * not * end the separate existence of both tanks , since a joint venture is not a merger . 
  they just cooperate together , there 's absolutely no guarantee however that when france replaces the leclerc , it wo n't order a design from nexter/kant different than the leopard 3 . 
   literally none of those peoples in that comment was outside of north america when they invented those stuf uhm . 
  do facts just not mean anything anymore ? 
  the european networks were * obviously * not developed in north-america . 
  and no , the us does not get to lay claim to stuff developed by people while they happened to be in * canada *  the inventor of www wasnt in cern while he founded it uhm . 
  yes . 
  he was . 
  berners-lee wrote enquire in 1980 as a demonstration of his hyperlink concept , while he was at cern . 
  he then left cern for a number of years , and returnedin 1984 , and he developed the first web browser ( literally called worldwideweb ) and the first web server ( cern httpd ) * while working at cern * . 
   in my opinion america doesnt get enough credit . 
  americans get exactly as much credit as they deserve . 
  namely the credit for the aspects of the internet they * actually developed * , rather than * anything and everything * . 
   beside i would say xerox changed the most when it comes to computers and this is exactly the point i was making . 
  xerox produced * actual innovation * . 
  they created the first gui , the first mouse , the first desktop computer . 
  things * then * copied by the likes of apple , and microsoft . 
  and because those companies are financially succesful , ignorant people claim that they 're the innovative ones . 
  they 're not . 
  they just took the innovations made by other people and marketed them . 
  like i 've said elsewhere . 
  there 's a * lot * of innovation that has happened in the us and continues to happen . 
  of course there is . 
  but fucking facebook and apple are not representative of it . 
   led by the usa / eyeroll . 
   well ... there was that 5 year period not to long ago . 
  but other then that we were n't part of germany . 
  i literally just pointed out in another comment in this very thread that no , we were * not * part of germany during ww2 . 
  an occupation is not the same as being part of the occupying country . 
   we were definitely part of the region called `` the germanies '' from which the state germany grew for a long while though . 
  we definitely were n't . 
  to start with , there was never a region called `` the germanies '' . 
  it was just called germany . 
  for the same reason that the fact europe consists of multiple countries did not cause it to be referred to as the europes . 
  but aside from that , the low countries were pretty much always considered separate from germany unless you go back to the roman era ; at which point people did n't talk about germany ( or the germanies ) , but rather about germania . 
  not really . 
  if you mean that all of those companies took stuff from companies that developed their stuff in the us ... that 's just not true . 
  they took from all over the place . 
  i 'm not denying there 's a lot of innovation going on in the us ... but people * really * need to * stop * pointing to companies like these when talking about it , because there 's very little actually innovative about them . 
  none of those companies were mentioned , however . 
  also , much of the internet as we know it today was * not * invented or developed by the americans . 
  give credit where it 's due , yes . 
  but let 's not give more credit than is actually deserved . 
  the world wide web ( everything from http to the first browser ) was created by an english dude while working at cern . 
  the internet itself was created out of merging both american and european pioneering networks . 
  php was created by a danish dude , and then further developed by two israeli 's . 
  the first search engine was created by a guy from barbados while studying in montreal . 
  ftp was created by an indian . 
  one could go on . 
  the internet as we know it is very far from something created , developed , or popularized by americans alone . 
  it has truly been an international effort . 
  innovation and reach are two entirely different things . 
  pretty much every single company on that list just took their bread and butter from another company and repackaged it . 
  that 's the opposite of being innovative , no matter how financially succesful they might be . 
  still were n't in germany . 
  that would 've required the nazi 's to have annexed the country formally , which they did not do . 
  instead we were governed as a separate occupied territory , by a regime known as the reich commissariat for the occupied dutch territories . 
  there was the ambition to integrate the netherlands fully into germany as a subdivision known as reichsgau westland . 
  later , annexation became a more concrete plan put forth by the ss whereby the netherlands would be divided into 5 different unnamed gau 's that would be integrated into germany . 
  fortunately , dutch anti-nazi elements within the occupation government managed to convince the leadership to shelf these plans , and they were shelved indefinitely when germany 's fortunes in the war reversed . 
  that 's not really true either . 
  the english people used to refer to themselves and their language using a word derived from the same root which dietsch ( old word for dutch ) and duits/deutsch ( german ) came from . 
  they stopped using this word to describe themselves by the early middle ages . 
  at that point there was already a large amount of trade between the low countries and england , and so the word came to refer to people from the netherlands . 
  briefly , it was sometimes used to denote anyone from the germanic area who was n't english , but this was very rare and this practice stopped long before the netherlands left the hre . 
  we were never `` in '' germany . 
  germany and the hre are two different things . 
  / ruining jokes with clarifications . 
   in france , we say : `` netherlands , the other country of cheese . '', 
  in the netherlands , we say : `` france , what about it ? '', 
  yeah , no . 
  this is * not * what the netherlands would look like without dikes . 
  at all . 
  this appears to be a very rough map based on the part of the country that is below sea level ... but large areas of the flooded area are in fact above sea level . 
  but even ignoring that , this is not what the netherlands would look like today if we had never built dikes . 
  nor is it what it would look like even just a few short years after a catastrophic flood . 
  it would almost certainly look more like what the netherlands looked like in the past . 
  [ this is what the country looked like 2000 years ago ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/aa/50nc_ex_leg_copy.jpg/300px-50nc_ex_leg_copy.jpg ) . 
  there have been large catastrophic floods since that did dramatically alter the landscape ; and that would of course still have happened without dikes . 
  but the netherlands as they appeared in 50ad are a lot closer to what the reality would be than the map in the op . 
   canada , australia or netherlands could build them in 3-5 years . 
  actually , i 've read reports that we ( nl ) could build a bomb in a matter of months ( maybe even less ) , and build a small stockpile ( ie ; 20-30 tactical nukes ) in about 1 year . 
  and that this is something we 've been able to do since at least the 70 's . 
   was n't as dangerous as you 'd think . 
  we did n't want a war with france just yet . 
  the french had warned us not to intervene in england . 
  that 's dangerous in itself . 
  and getting a significant chunk of your forces tied up in another theatre will * always * make you vulnerable . 
   so the majority of the standing dutch forces were still available for the defense . 
  the dutch army was mercenary based to begin with . 
  even during peacetime , at least half of the states army consisted of foreign mercenaries ; and that percentage grew significantly at times when the size of the army was increased such as around the time of the glorious revolution . 
   the majority of the cities in the south , in addition , were heavily fortified in the style of which is still present around naarden . 
  even if the french master siegeworker ( i forgot his name ... ) would be present , it 'd still take week to months to take out a single city . 
  nobody in 1688 would have believed this .
