  all the other colonizers had either just a few small outposts and hardly any little power projection , or only got into colonizing centuries later ( scramble for africa ) . 
  incidentally , nobody thinks that only the uk was the only empire building country . 
  maybe people in the uk think that everybody else thinks that , but the rest of the world is quite well aware of the colonial empires of the other four colonial powers . 
  this is n't one of those `` you 're danish ? 
  i love amsterdam ! '', 
  jokes , is it ? 
  also dutch ( who later conquered it ) and germans . 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  i do n't think that 's how integration works . 
   the benelux countries do punch far above their weight , but they are tiny tini countries . 
  even though the points you listed are true , the benelux countries are severely lacking in other area such as military power , cultural influence , diaspora ect ... 
  while it 's true that the benelux countries have lost quite a bit of military power in recent years , one should note that the netherlands is still one of only 4 european countries with the ability to project military power globally on any significant scale ( france and the uk are the only blue water navies , spain and the netherlands are the only green water navies , all others are brown water navies ) . 
  as for diaspora , i do n't know how that 's supposed to relate to being a big player or not . 
   for instance ? 
  i ca n't remember a time when the benelux countries have reshaped the face of the earth by themselves . 
  it wields power disproportionate to its size . 
  i do n't know how you go from that to assuming i meant `` reshaping the face of the earth by themselves . 
  '' ; although that said ... the netherlands is probably the * only * country that 's literally reshaped the face of the earth ( zuiderzeeworks ) . 
  if you 're looking for geopolitical earthface reshaping though , our days of colonial empire are past us . 
  i suppose our last efforts in that regard would be indonesia ( 1949 ) dutch new guinea ( 1962 ) and suriname ( 1975 ) . 
  anyway , the whole point is that the benelux is by no means an insignificant player either globally or within the eu ; which is important for the other point , namely that threathening to kick them out of the eu would be a ` lolwut ' moment . 
   even as a whole , the benelux is n't a big player in the world or in the eu . 
  ahem . 
  twelfth largest economy in the world , fourth largest global exporter , and responsible for most of the trade flowing in and out of europe through its ports . 
  i do n't think you quite understand the pivotal role the benelux plays in the world economy , and the disproportionate amount of influence it wields accordingly . 
  the benelux punches far above its weight . 
  which is irrelevant , since they 're part of the benelux and therefore matter . 
  i very much doubt that competing in a sports event requires a work visa ; since it probably would n't count as actual work ( legally speaking , i imagine it 's defined as ` work is labor in exchange for a guaranteed income ' or something along those lines ) . 
  but i 'm no expert . 
  luxembourg may be small , but the benelux is the 5th largest economy in the eu and hardly a small player especially given its strategic position . 
  threatening to kick us out would be a profoundly stupid thing for the eu to do . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was berlusconi ; nobody here in the netherlands knows or cares italy about not forming a stable government . 
  the one thing that people think of when you mention italian politics is corruption ; and berlusconi is the biggest reason why people think that and the face they all think of . 
  i 'm pretty sure people think this way in much the rest of europe too . 
  i do n't know about `` immense '' power . 
  but what power he * did * have and exerted is precisely the reason why italy would face an uphill battle to take the uk 's place . 
  berlusconi ruined italy 's reputation for a whole generation to come . 
  look at berlusconi ? 
  you mean the man responsible for making italian politics the laughing stock/secret shame of europe ? 
  de already dominates one union ... keep the benelux under dutch domination !, 
  italy is the 4th largest economy in europe ; and would be the third largest in the eu if the uk leaves . 
  that 's why it makes the most sense if one 's assuming there * has * to be a third power . 
  however ; italy is n't taken as seriously as germany , france , or the uk by the rest of europe and wo n't just be able to step in and fill the void . 
  they 'd have to work pretty hard to earn enough political respect to take on the role . 
  in the netherlands : traditionally no , we celebrate sint-maarten ( november 11th ) instead . 
  it is very similar to halloween in some ways . 
  instead of dressing up , kids craft their own little lanterns ( and sometimes crappy little hats ) , then go through the neighbourhood in the evening getting candy in exchange for singing songs . 
  in some areas , bonfires are also part of the celebration . 
  halloween is known and sort-of-celebrated , but this only started in the 1990 's ; and the trick-or-treating part generally either does n't happen or only happens in parts where they do n't celebrate sint-maarten . 
  halloween is more of an excuse to sell various spooky themed items , or to hold parties in the clubscene around . 
  ... so is china . 
  this is correct . 
  the european baseball championship has been held 32 times , the netherlands has won 21 times and been 2nd 9 times . 
  our only real competition is italy , which has won 10 times and been 2nd 16 times . 
  the national dutch baseball team is also ranked 5th in the ibaf world rankings . 
  nobody here cares though . 
  it would be a kind of poetic justice if they end up with a smaller economy than the netherlands . 
  the primary dictionary definition of consensus is literally `` majority of opinion '' . 
  the secondary definition is `` general agreement or accord '' ; which you automatically have when you have the majority of opinion . 
  there is absolutely no part of the definition that states consensus means all views must be discussed . 
  uhm ... if the majority supports it ... then by definition there is a consensus . 
  that 's what consensus means : the majority opinion . 
  also , why is it not okay for there to be immigration if there 's a sizeable minority that opposes ... but totally okay for there to be a block on/limit to said immigration despite the fact that an even large slice of the population does not agree with that ? 
  seems a tad hypocritical to me . 
  i really wish comments like yours were more common in the media here in the netherlands ( and europe in general ) . 
  i feel like we 're descending into hatred for no reason other than that the media does n't think it can keep viewers unless they 're spreading fear . 
  that 's nominal ( current ) gdp ; which is n't adjusted for inflation . 
  looking at the real ( constant ) gdp in that dataset we arrive at a figure of 16.6 trillion for the us , which is of course lower than the figure i had . 
  i may have been working off an older current figure . 
  the us has never spent anywhere near the same as every other country in the world combined . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  nitpick : but us gdp is 17.4 trillion . 
  not 18.1 ; and those next 7 countries combined yields around 25.4 trillion , not 24.4 then again , a trillion dollar difference is n't really a nitpick . 
  the low countries did n't exist as an entity back then . 
  a little before charlemagne they were both part of the kingdom of austrasia . 
  after that we were just a part of the carolingian kingdom , then part of the middle kingdom , followed by being mart of the duchy of lower lotharingia . 
  after that we were a collection of semi-autonomous states that were gradually incorporated into burgundian territories . 
  the term `` low countries '' did n't come about until burgundian rule . 
  the low countries as an official ` entity ' did n't exist until the pragmatic sanction of 1549 . 
  charlemagne would 've been from the time when the franks were a bit more `` french '' ; although he was likely born in aachen . 
  we could n't possibly claim charlemagne ... but we can claim the merovingians . 
  this is n't true . 
  we * do * have the right to protest when and wherever we want . 
  * mass * protests however , require permits ; which is in one shape or form the case almost everywhere in the world . 
  while not knowing the specifics in this case ; generally it 's because groups do n't go through the proper bureacratic procedures for getting a permit to march/rally/etc . 
  like not filing the request in time or what have you . 
  incidentally , pegida was n't allowed to march either ; they were just allowed to gather at a square . 
  google is an american company . 
  take responsibility . 
  not only did we descend mostly from franks ; we * were * franks . 
  the franks originated in the netherlands . 
  too bad they got associated with the french , or we could claim them as our own with less shame . 
  standard dutch does n't allow for all that ge/gij !, 
  gib bigger dutch border plz . 
  it 's not arbitrary . 
  the border between dutch low saxon and * german * low saxon is somewhat ( but not entirely ) arbitrary ; but dutch and german themselves are clearly entirely seperate languages . 
  dutch had already developed into its own distinct language by the 9th century , when modern borders did n't mean much . 
  the reason the languages follow the political borders today relatively well is * not * because the languages are political constructs , but because of the many years of the dutch language being marginalized in favor of german and french in the areas that now belong to those countries : the native language of much of the lower rhine area , particularly around kleve , is dutch for example ; which was banned and actively surpressed by prussia during the 19th century , hence why the language borders follow the political borders . 
  what ?
