  by the 9th century , you can start clearly distinguishing between french , dutch , and the ` germans ' . 
  poetically , around the same time the frankish empire collapses into the west , middle , and eastern kingdoms . 
  uh , no . 
  not in any way . 
  to start with , when we became the dutch republic , we * ceased * being part of the hre , and thus were not part of its collection of states . 
  and except for very early on perhaps , we were never really considered part of the `` germany '' part of the hre either . 
  just as the northern italian states of the hre were not ` german-ish ' , neither were we . 
  more importantly however , we had culturally and linguistically become quite separate from the culture/language that was the common ancestor to both dutch and german ; and had already been quite distinct for centuries by the time we became a republic . 
  there was no common `` german '' identity at the time . 
  people did not think of themselves as german . 
  they barely even thought of themselves as hessian . 
  the concept of a national/cultural identity came much later to germany than it did the dutch ( or say , the french ) . 
  we were ` german-ish ' in the same way that 14th century thuringia was russian . 
   the netherlands had n't been part of spain since the thirty years war . 
  since well before , actually . 
  the end of the thirty year war ( 1648 ) forced spain to finally recognize dutch independence , but we were already factually independent since 1581 . 
   and no , the dutch had been independant from you since 1648 . 
  uhm . 
  we 'd been independent from spain since 1581 , actually . 
  the spanish just did n't recognize it until 1648 . 
  pretty sure they did n't . 
  we 'd been an independent republic and kicking ass as a great power for over a century at that point . 
  that sounds like a bad decision . 
  the leopard 2 has a superior gun to the leclerc . 
  i 'd trust the germans on the gun a lot more than the french . 
  i do n't think going : `` you guys design this , we 'll design that '' is a useful way of designing a tank anyhow . 
  it can only lead to a mismatched hybrid . 
  if you 're not willing to even try to understand what is being said , i have no reason to keep trying to explain it . 
   the actual events occurred only over the course of a couple years the point still stands . 
  requiring multiple wars to dislodge a * private company * demonstrates the company was punching above its weight . 
  i am much stronger than a squirrel , but if it takes me five fights to finally kill a squirrel , then that squirrel is a fucking badass despite being weaker than me . 
   the dutch taking decades to make a new move after being beaten is not a point . 
  the voc was not focused on china ; which represented only a small part of their area of interest ; and they were motivated by profit , not national pride or territory . 
  why should they embark on continuous costly wars ? 
   do you know why the u.s. and china are considered the main economic powers in the world today , and not luxembourg and qatar ? 
  i was talking about the premodern era . 
  things obviously become very different in the industrial era where far more excess wealth exists to capitalize on . 
  incidentally , both luxembourg and qatar punch far above their weight in terms of the economic influence they wield . 
   gdp per capita does n't say anything about excess wealth in terms of what the state can spend . 
  it very much does . 
  first of all , a higher gdp per capita means a higher tax income for the government . 
  naturally , more tax income means the state can spend more . 
  secondly , there 's investments . 
  in a high gdp-per-capita civilization , there 's excess wealth that citizens can invest/spend on things like infrastructure and production . 
   gdp per capita does n't say anything about excess wealth in terms of what the state can spend . 
  the state is the sum of its people . 
   what the state can spend is its own statistic . 
  a state 's power and influence is not limited by what the government itself can spend . 
  i could in fact ask for no better example of this than the voc , given that it was founded and kept afloat primarily by * private * investments . 
  it was a private entity , but nonetheless added to the state 's power and influence both directly and indirectly . 
  even on a much smaller scale , it still holds true that wealth invested by private citizens can add to the state 's power and influence . 
  state power exists in many dimensions , not just the hard power of direct imperial spending . 
  it 's been well argued for a while in historic circles that the great divergence started much earlier than the 19th century , but the specific figures in my post however come from a [ study ] ( https://www.economics.ox.ac.uk/materials/papers/15109/155aprilbroadberry.pdf ) by stephen broadberry of oxford university , hanhui guan of peking university and david daokui li of tsinghua university in beijing . 
  they found that italy had overtaken chinese gdp per capita by 1300 , and the netherlands and england did so by 1400 . 
  i 'm not sure how that has any bearing on my post . 
  besides which , it took the chinese empire more than * 40 * years to expel a * private company * from china , after which the voc simply continued to play a dominant role in the rest of asia for another 150 years . 
  if that does n't demonstrate that it was no mere corporation then i do n't know what does . 
  actually it has a great deal of relevance on the state 's power and influence ; especially in the pre-modern period . 
  a higher gdp per capita means better living standards for the populace , which then allows for advances in production and innovation as well as the ability to invest wealth . 
  consider that for most of human history , the bulk of human populations lived at or just above the subsistence level . 
  meaning they could provide just the necessities for themselves and nothing else . 
  these people do not have the necessary wealth/time required to do things like educate themselves , invent , or gather capital and invest it ( which might benefit the civilization as a whole ) . 
  now , you might of course have segments of the population ( the feudal or urban elite ) who do not live at this level , and it is through their wealth that states with a largely subsistence economy can still exert power and influence . 
  however , through history this was a very limited group . 
  the first time in history that this truly changed on a large scale was during the renaissance when some european economies moved beyond this type of economy and became proto-industrialized states . 
  that 's when per capita gdp starts greatly expanding and overtaking that of china . 
  so for the sake of argument ; you can have an empire like china , where 95 % of the people or more might live at the subsistence level , and then say the dutch republic , where it might instead by 95 % of the people who live * above * that level . 
  because china is very big , it 's gdp would be much larger than that of the dutch republic ; however the dutch republic 's populace has * excess * wealth , which can be invested and capitalized upon . 
  the chinese populace does not . 
  as a result , the economic power and influence of the dutch republic might in fact be on par or even bigger . 
  * it can do more with less . 
  * at the very least , it greatly narrows the gap . 
  you 're confusing value and gdp . 
  the voc 's value has been estimated to be in the trillions ( the 4 trillion dollar figure quoted is actually on the low side , 7 trillion when adjusted for inflation has been suggested ) . 
  but that does n't mean its gdp is that high . 
  it 's just what its market capitalization would be converted to modern dollars . 
  it certainly would n't have a gdp equal to that of england + france + spain + germany . 
  that would be absurd . 
  however , it would definitely have been significant . 
  in every sense , it was more like a country than a company . 
  just consider for example that it had a private navy bigger than that of most countries at the time . 
   not sure . 
  european countries needed resources they did not have plus they got those resources extremely cheaply . 
  the added economic value that the colonies brought has been greatly exagerated , especially pre-19th century ( though even then ) . 
  for instance , trade by the voc , by far the largest and most succesful of the colonial trading companies of its day , while enormous in its own right , represented only a small share of dutch gdp at the time . 
  the trade with asia was worth a few percent of the trade profits of the republic . 
  the vast majority of it came from inter-european trade . 
  colonial trade was very profitable sure , but only for the wealthy few who could invest in it . 
  in terms of the economy as a whole , they were not that important . 
  and remember , gdp per capita started outpacing the chinese * before * the colonial era . 
  colonialism did n't cause it . 
  you could answer your own question if you 'd just bother to read the article you linked . 
   krauss-maffei 's defense and locomotive component was later spun off and merged with wegmann and became the present-day company krauss-maffei wegmann ( kmw ) , which is independent of kraussmaffei group . 
  not true though . 
  some european states ( of course , many would continue to stagnate and be on par with china ) started pulling ahead in terms of gdp per capita as early as the 14th century . 
  the living standard in china was already behind that of italy as early as 1300 . 
  that 's a list of gdp production by region . 
  it would not include the bulk of voc gdp . 
   economically no country in europe surpassed china until the second industrial revolution , in the late 19th century . 
  in absolute numbers maybe ( although even that 's questionable depending on the period , given that china was often broken apart into smaller entities ) ; however , the european renaissance centers ( north-italy and the low countries ) started outpacing the chinese economy on a per capita basis as early as the 1400 's .
