  it * could * mean more traffic volume , but both antwerp and rotterdam already have a huge traffic flow , and you 're not going to drastically increase that simply by adding a second waterway or a wider channel . 
  you would have to add a lot more capacity to the port itself ( in addition to actually increasing demand ) . 
  antwerp simply does n't have the room to drastically expand . 
  rotterdam meanwhile , can ( and does ) simply expand out into sea . 
  the other way of interpreting the ` size ' , is by the * depth * , which is arguably much more important anyway . 
  rotterdam is one of only 3 or so ports in the world that can accommodate the very largest and heaviest ships in the world because of the depth of its harbor . 
  the westerschelde in contrast is n't very well suited for large/heavy ships . 
  it needs a lot of maintenance to make it suitable for this type of traffic . 
  it 's only able to accommodate the largest container ships nowadays because of the agreement with the netherlands to deepen and maintain the waterway . 
  as for the oosterschelde , he 's obviously confused . 
  the oosterschelde will never accommodate containership since theres no way for large ships to enter the oosterschelde in the first place . 
  he 's thinking of the disagreements between the dutch and belgian governments about the project to deepen the waterway of the westerschelde . 
  incidentally , where he 's confused about the oosterschelde/westerschelde , you 're confused about his claim of closing down the railway . 
  that has nothing to do with the betuwelijn ; which has not closed . 
  calling it a failure is something of a misrepresentation . 
  70-80 % of all railtraffic between rotterdam and germany goes via the betuwelijn with 550 trains a week . 
  that 's hardly a failure . 
  it 's often characterized that way though because it had a slow start , ran over budget , and the germans have been slow to expand their own network . 
  but that does n't make it a failur ( much less a total one ), 
  and earlier , dorestad ( netherlands ) was the economic center of much of europe form the 7th to the middle of the 9th century . 
   the westerschelde is antwerps main artery and i believe there we pretty much do as you say there . 
  its pretty big , bigger than what rotterdam has . 
  uhm . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  the westerschelde gives antwerp access to the sea ; but it is not part of the port . 
  its size is kind of irrelevant . 
  rotterdam 's port meanwhile , extends directly into the sea . 
  rotterdam can also accommodate much larger/heavier ships . 
   the eu is a franco german empire do n't delude yourself * eyeroll *  ask yourself where the power lies power is shared between the european commission , 2 councils , and the parliament ; all of which are democratically chosen either directly or indirectly by the various citizens of the european union . 
  brexiters might have convinced themselves that the eu is some evil german empire , but that is a ridiculous meme that demonstrates a complete lack of knowledge on the structure of the eu . 
  germans may have more influence in the parliament on the basis of the size of its population ( but degressive proportionality works against this , and the individual vote of a german is worth less than that of any other eu citizen ) and economy , but its vote in the european commission or council weighs exactly the same as that of luxembourg , or any other small country . 
  i 'm not really sure why i even bothered to reply/explain given that instead of acknowledging you were wrong about something , you chose to repeat your strawman claim . 
  sorry , but that 's just not true . 
  * you * attacked the eu with a strawman about it being a franco-german empire , then * someone else * `` attacked '' the british by preferring the eu over the uk . 
  then * you * attacked germany by claiming they killed more people , at which point * i * corrected that claim . 
  please , do keep things straight . 
   the empire has been dead a long time , way before i was born but as a brit i somehow inherit this ? 
  you 're the one who attacked the germans for a history that 's farther back in time than the british empire . 
  do n't dish out what you ca n't take . 
  it 's called history . 
  you might want to look into it instead of trying to appeal to history to argue against the eu but getting it so horribly wrong that you end up doing the exact opposite . 
  you do n't build the largest empire in history without racking up a body count . 
  yeah ... no . 
  oh for sure , they killed more people in a systematic manner in a single war . 
  but the number of people killed as a direct result of policies enacted by the british empire over the centuries is far greater than the same figure for germany . 
  famine caused by deliberate policies of the british empire killed as many as 29 million people in india during the 19th century * alone * . 
  you really do n't want to base your arguments on the moral sum of country 's histories ... because the uk * will inevitably * lose that argument . 
  how dramatic . 
  okay , so you just do n't understand either your own argument , or mine . 
  glad to have cleared that up . 
  i 'll give up trying to talk some sense into you now . 
  yes . 
  what 's your point ? 
  because the uk 's average net contribution is n't the 2nd highest if you 're looking at at the amount of euros handed over either . 
  yes . 
  it 's exactly the same . 
  you 're still just picking a high point and extrapolating from there , which is just bad science/math . 
  the net contributions by country have always varied wildly on a yearly basis ; and will * continue * to do so . 
  it goes up , it goes down . 
  that is why averages are so important !, 
  yet you 're pretending like the current figure would remain the bare minimum from here on . 
  without any real basis . 
  that is disingenuous . 
   it 's not 5bn a year though . 
  using the average over our entire eu membership is massively misleading . 
  it 's well over double that , currently . 
  closer triple . 
  using the average is not massively misleading . 
  what 's massively misleading is looking at a high point in the history and acting as if that 's the real figure . 
  it 's the same disingenuous tactic used by climate change deniers . 
  pick a year with an unusually cold winter , and look everybody !, 
  climate change is a sham !, 
  go [ dig through the eu commission numbers ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/2007-2013/index_en.cfm ) then . 
  again . 
  * average over time * . 
  what you 're doing is no different than a climate change denier acting like global warming is n't a thing because of a cold winter . 
  if you go by net contributions it is n't ( being instead slightly behind the uk ) , that is correct and i erred . 
  the french * do * however fill the 2nd slot , and * not * as claimed , the uk ; who do have a net contribution double that of the french . 
   funny , because to an ** adult ** like myself its not just ` something that occurred more than 70 years ago ' . 
  its something my father fought , suffered and bled for ; its a war that defined an entire generation . 
  i hope you realize that there are plenty of adults who are under 50 years old ; which is just about the minimum age you 'd have to be in order for your father to have fought in the war . 
  and that 's being incredibly generous . 
   oh wait are you actually not using the net figure . 
  oh wait , i actually am ... but i 'm using the * average * net figure over many years while you 're using a single year that happens to be far over the average . 
  how disingenuous of you . 
   you do n't know what net contributions mean . 
  i 'm pretty sure i do ; as does the eu commission which provided the numbers i gave . 
   percent is irrelevant to what u/dongobongo22 is saying . 
  does n't change the fact that the uk is * not * the 2nd largest net contributor by any measure . 
   there will be a big budget shortfall if the u.k. leaves and does n't pay a thing . 
  which is an inconvenience . 
  a problem only because it means reworking the budget and contributions of the remaining 27 , * not * because it is some vast amount of money that ca n't easily be replaced . 
  just a figure of speech mate . 
  2016 is an outlier . 
  if you look at the average over many years , the net contribution is nowhere near that high . 
  i understand that idiots talk up principles right up until the moment it all comes crashing down around them . 
  at which point they 'll blame anything but the utter stupidity that led them to that point . 
  and the real joke is that there actually are n't any principles involved to begin with . 
  refusing to honor your financial obligations is n't you holding to some fancy principles . 
  it 's nothing but stubborn pride , arrogance , and spite .
