this is interesting , can you do ireland next ? 
  i hope they go with the celtic phoenix this time round the loop . 
  has a nice ring to it . 
  me hole can we keep that up . 
  the growth numbers are inflated because our gdp is recovering to previous levels after they absolutely tanked the last few years . 
  it 'll level off and fall inline with the rest of the eu . 
  well at least until the new dublin housing bubble implodes and we start all over again, 
  well at least tom clancy is no longer giving the terrorists anymore detailed plans for future attacks . 
  we should be safe once they run out of his plots . 
  it 's also debated whether or not it 's a real language or just a dialect of english . 
  in fairness the negotiations are still in progress . 
  if your side of the negotiating table starts celebrating running around popping champagne and holding ticker tape parades the other side might just realise they fucked up and immediately renegotiate for a better deal on their side . 
  rekt, 
  from the article it said our gnp ( removes the multinational effect on gdp ) grew by 7.3 % . 
  so were actually even better !, 
  eire stronk ! ... or just very good at cooking the books . 
  easily , at the last census ( 2011 ) their was 122,000 polish immigrants in ireland which is a whopping 2.7 % of our entire population . 
  good thing they 're a great bunch of lads . 
  the best thing about the guards is they seem to only be sushing each other when all the plebs are completely silent one will shout to move along , another will shout to shut the fuck up for its a place of reverence and then the rest will sush them and the cycle repeats . 
  i like to think it 's a little game that they play with each other to keep them busy . 
  and i have to agree , since the renovation all the drama has completely been lost from it . 
  it just looks like it has been painted by numbers and all the fine detail has been washed away . 
  when its held so highly above the rest of the vatican collection it really is a let down to see it in person . 
  how do you know someone studies at trinity ? 
  the great lesser know way to get into the basilica without the hour long queue is to take the side door in that is in the sistine chapel . 
  just ask the guard if it 's quite or slip in with a tour of its busy and you are left right in the basilica . 
  cd is just 400 . 
  / c/d ( / would be bar over the letter ), 
  sure the place is in ruins ... 
  because greece is essentially bankrupt . 
  they simply do n't have money to pay back their loans as they are due . 
  the next payment to the ecb is 17 billion on 20th july . 
  no country would actually have 17 billion on hand for that kind of payment and would normally just borrow 17 billion to pay of the previous debt . 
  this is normal and happens everyday . 
  however in greeces case nobody on the open market is willing to lend them 17 billion because it 's likely they wo n't get the next loan to pay the new debt when it mature the next time . 
  so the ecb had two choices . 
  not lend greece any more money and let them default on their loans ( ecb looses money immediately ) or lend greece the money to pay themselves back . 
  ( ecb gets payed this time but will have to lend them this plus interest next time around or loose it all again ) you can probably start to see the problem here . 
  the majority of the money greece owes is to the ecb . 
  to keep greece from defaulting and loosing all of its `` investment '' in greece it will have to keep lending it more and more money . 
  except each debt cycle the interest is building up . 
  it 's clear to everyone in this situation that greece ca n't afford the loans it has on the books . 
  the longer this goes on the more money will have to be spent to sustain the debt spiral and only makes the inevitable default worse for everyone . 
  the only viable solution is to `` restructure '' the debt . 
  so they will likely extend out the time between maturities and reduce the interest to 0 % on the current debt . 
  without interest on the loans this will in effect allow any inflation of the euro to reduce the debt . 
  it means the ecb will make a loss on the investment when the debt matures as the value of the loan when it 's payed back will be less than the value of the loans when they were first taken out . 
  a debt restructure is much easier to pass politically than a straight debt haircut . 
  ecb makes a loss but it means greece is n't stuck in a debt spiral and the ecb has some chance of getting some of the investment back , the only alternative would be a default and everyone losses . 
  tldr : some monies are better than no monies . 
  blame the parisians . 
  they are the ones who have give the french stereotype of being unfriendly and arrogant . 
  from what i 've experienced every one outside of paris are the kindest people who will think nothing of treating you like family . 
  where as a lot of parisians really do embody that unfriendly and arrogant stereotype well at least until you get to know them ... then they are just arrogant . 
  ireland is a very different story than greece . 
  ireland is fundamentally an export driven economy with significantly stronger fdi due to our low corporation tax ( and some would say tax haveny status if your a massive us multinational company that rhymes with snapple ) . 
  before the crash we had years of budget surpluses and a debt to gdp of 25 % in 2007 . 
  ( i should also note at the time germany was sitting at 65 % the extravagant swines ) after our property bubble rightfully imploded our government directly bailed out every bank in the country . 
  so our gdp tanked and our debt sky rocketed . 
  which is why we currently have a stupid debt/gdp ratio and needed the bailout from europe . 
  ( i should note a large percentage of those private bank bond holders which were bailed out by the irish tax payer were large european banks which may have been why we were strong armed into the bailout to begin with ) . 
  so austerity was implemented as part of the bailout package and generally did n't help very much . 
  the real reason we have started growing again is because our large export and fdi partners the uk and us which implemented stimulus packages rather than austerity packages . 
  we are a relatively small economy currently getting the benefit of two huge stimulus packages by our two largest trading partners . 
  so do n't hold up ireland as a gleaming example of how well austerity works if you only followed the rules . 
  its completely disingenuous and ignores the huge benefits we have over every other bailed out country drowning in a political ideology which does n't work in an economic reality . 
  by moving very very fast sideways . 
  i wonder how much greece could get out of russia for a veto, 
  surely five months without a sauna would be grounds to revoke your finnish citizenship . 
  have the authorities come looking for you yet ? 
  well the rules allow first time buyers to borrow up to $ 220,000 with only a 10 % deposit , which is a pretty reasonable approach . 
  ( the national average house price is $ 193,000 so most first time buyers would be covered by this exception ) . 
  however , they do still need to meet the requirement that the loan does not exceed 3.5 times their income like everyone else . 
  then to france !, 
  in fairness a persons opinion on abortion depends entirely on when you believe life begins , if you believe it 's at conception ( which is a perfectly valid belief ) you would see abortion as murder . 
  if you think of a fetus as is a bunch of cells until a few weeks into the development cycle ( also a perfectly valid belief ) you would n't have this same view point and abortions become far more acceptable . 
  abortion is an extremely grey issue and neither argument is right or wrong it 's just a different perspective . 
  the reasons it it 's so difficult is one side sees the other as killing baby 's the other sees it as stopping a bunch of cells ever forming into a baby . 
  for the record i 'd be pro choice and am for repealing the 8th amendment . 
  but i can also see how it would be horrific from the other perspective and from their perspective abortion will always be something they could never accept . 
  damn parisians they ruined paris !, 
  go amsterdam , because if you 're going to make poor life decisions , you may as well get a good story out of it . 
  the u.k. is short for `` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' britain is short for great britain and only references the island of great britain uk = england , scotland wales & n.i. 
  * britain = england , scotland & wales * ignoring all the left over territories, 
  albert einstein would be a terrible negotiator , the mans been dead for 60 years . 
  it 's ironic then that farage will be remembered as the man who tore the country apart in its brightest hour . 
  its not panic buying , it 's just everyone getting their cans in for national house party day . 
  yeah but are they protestant atheists or catholic atheists ? 
  slightly thinner . 
  with that logic i 'll get the train to huston , get the bus to the airport and feck off anywhere in the world . 
  you ca n't get a train from dublin to england . 
  this is nothing but a map of lies !, 
  and 60 % voted to stay in the eu were as only 55 % voted to stay in the u.k. let them choose what 's more important to them . 
  you may not have noticed but the french are real dicks about french . 
  they get pissy when you try with poor pronunciation and then get pissy when you give up and speak english . 
  ca n't win with the bastards . 
  i think the point being made here is imagine a situation where the father did n't want the child and the mother did but lived in a society where he could choose to abort the child against the mothers wishes . 
  imagine how the mother would feel to have their child taken away from them . 
  it 's heartbreaking . 
  of course the opposite of that of forcing a woman to carry to term against her will is horrendous and honestly the emotional impact to the father is the lesser of two evils against putting the mother through the emotional , physical and life altering impact of a child but it is worth at least considering the emotional impact to the father , in cases of abortion against his will .
