  completely agree it 's a terrible waste of space but it 's something that 's deeply ingrained in the irish mentality that you need to own at least some land even if it is a tiny square of grass in a housing estate ( like most everything else i 'll blame the english for this and a few hundred years of systematically stealing irish land ) . 
  unfortunately this means flats are considered something you live in until you start a family and buy a house , this has lead to all flats in ireland being tiny and completely unsuitable to raise a family in so you have no option but to move out and get a house if you start a family . 
  it 's a cycle that leads to urban sprawl and property bubbles . 
  is it even a home if you do n't have a garden ? 
  oh come on now , english and irish are both official languages of ireland and as you well know english is the first language of the vast majority us outside of gaeltacht regions . 
  you may not like it but do n't pretend it 's not the reality we live in . 
  so let me get this straight , given you had time and access to the internet before posting this , the best example of the us not having trade deficits with all of its major trading partners you could come up with , out of every possible country , was a country you only have a small deficit with . 
  you do know small deficits are not actually surpluses . 
  are either terrible at examples , lying or both ? 
  what has n't fucked poland over in the long run . 
  some say he 's alive and well and been playing for kilkenny all this time . 
  paris and not paris . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  how exactly is wanting to raise a child with the person you love silly ? 
  allowing couples who ca n't have kids naturally and want to provide a loving and caring home for millions of unwanted kids is a fantastic agenda . 
  why do n't you give an actual reason for not being for this , beyond of course `` some people do n't like gay people '' . 
  roscommon , so they can finally find a county that they can feel superior to . 
  does switzerland hand out passports to non-citizens ? 
  honestly in my opinion apple ( and everyone else ) should be paying the taxes to the counties where the profits were generated . 
  we had fuck all to do with apple making that money why would we take a cut . 
  the problem is our government whist holding the same opinion publicly has also facilitated apple structuring their operations here to prevent anyone from getting their fair share . 
  which is some bullshit . 
  however , i still believe we have a right to set our own tax rates internally for what suits our local economy and taxation ideologies . 
  we should be able to encourage fdi via lower taxes for legitimate locally generated profits so that we can compete with larger nations . 
  in my opinion , if we 're all being honest that $ 13b rightfully belongs to the us not us as that where the ip was really created . 
  thats why i think ireland needs to focus on fdi and continued growth of our own ip creation it 's the only way a country as small as we are can complete . 
  haha no way would you get a 3 meter caravan near dublin for anywhere close to that low ... joke is so funny it makes you sad . 
  done , i rent in dublin and can afford it . 
  there are dozens of us . 
  with three ireland it 's unlimited 4g for $ 20/month but with a 60gb fair usage policy . 
  if you go over the 60gb in a month they reserve the right to throttle your speed if you are having an impact on other users but it 's not an automatically applied limit . 
  still not bad for $ 20/month with free calls/texts and you get $ 30 call credit on top of that to use as you like so i tend to get by topping up once every two months . 
  as much as its a shame our language is dying due to english ... it could 've been worse . 
  orangina is the worst of all the orange sodas . 
  club orange is best orange . 
  for anyone wondering this is the most accurate summary of irish politics in this post . 
  be grand what 's the point in fighter jets when we can send up the battle kite, 
  or you know they could put up a sail ... 
  exactly their is no need to have a group term for two separate nations the islands are ireland and great britain, 
  have you met us ? 
  british isles is not just a geographical name it 's an outdated geopolitical name that implies a continuation of british rule over the island of ireland !, 
  do n't perpetuate it as a valid term . 
  all i hear is the opening of a shitty joke, 
  his limited supply of personal towels . 
  if a holiday german had infinite towels he 'd reserve the world . 
  the argument the article makes is that whist the top line corporate tax rate in france is 33.3 % the average effective rate is 8.2 % due to the complexity of the french taxation system and the unfair advantage it gives to large corporations . 
  it goes on to contrast this against the low irish corporate tax rate of 12.5 % but due to the relative simplicity of the irish tax rate the effective irish rate is 11.9 % . 
  higher than the effective rate payed by large french corporations . 
  the hypocrisy this is highlighting is the on going french argument for european tax harmonisation and the likes of [ macrons constant arguments against the `` low '' irish 12.5 % rate ] ( http://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/macron-takes-aim-at-irelands-low-company-tax-rate-35682632.html ) . 
  he argues against a tax system that has a higher effective rate than his own as racing to the bottom . 
  when the truth of the issue is the french system is lower tax but overly complicated and he should be looking at positive internal solutions to simplify their taxation system and encourage french fdi and not forcing sweeping european taxation changes that the french system is designed to get around . 
  i 've been to both and disney world ( florida ) was a much more enjoyable experience . 
  for me i believe the problem with disneyland paris is it was built in paris , so the staff are a little bit ruder and i did n't really feel welcome as a native english speaker which was unfortunate . 
  in disneyland paris the cast members have to speak both french and english when talking to the crowd which makes sense for a european wide theme park but you always got the sense they were annoyed about needing to , which is fair enough , i was in france after all it 's not fair to expect a native citizen to speak a foreign language in their own country but their was several times when the cast members in paris would make fun of non-french speakers in their translations and it felt really uncomfortable when they did . 
  the park was also a lot more run down that the florida parks but they were pumping money into it when i was there so this probably is n't too big an issue today . 
  all in all i 'll take the more welcoming american experience every time . 
  sure it 's not like the french to be hypocrites when it comes to [ corporate taxation ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/business/france-has-lower-effective-tax-rate-than-ireland-study-227320.html ), 
  the head on him . 
  that is likely to make the situation worse . 
  you vastly overestimate the engagement of the average citizen . 
  a large proportion of most populations are uneducated or disinterested in politics . 
  if voters who do n't care about the consequences of their vote or do n't fully comprehend the issues being voted on , they will vote on critical issues without any regard for the outcome . 
  votes would n't be won by the most logical argument or by facts , they would be won by propaganda and whoever can better influence the uneducated . 
  tis grand , sure we 're used to it by now . 
  revenge on who ? 
  the terrorists from previous attacks are all already dead . 
  this was an attack on random innocent people . 
   southern ireland ah here now, 
  if anything it 's a small subsidy for countries with large militaries . 
  by spending general eu funds on military technology development the eu is putting funds from everyone into technologies that will only be used by some countries . 
  this reduces the cost of technology development for those countries and is used for the protection of all the eu . 
  i see it as a win win situation for everyone . 
  that 's pretty interesting , traditionally irish gypsies or travelers also used to earn their living as traveling smiths mending metal goods and were called tinkers . 
  some older people still refer to travelers as this but the term would now be considered derogatory by most . 
  i just find it pretty amazing how the various gypsy communities picked up the same trade i wonder if there 's a common origin to the various european travelers . 
  he ran the ransomware in a quarantined vm and monitored its network traffic . 
  this showed him it would make a request to a specific unregistered url . 
  so he bought the url and redirected it to his companies sinkhole server ( a server his company runs which is designed to quarantine and monitor botnets ) . 
  lucky it turned out the ransomware was shitty lazy code and was checking to see if it the given url responded before continuing to execute . 
  effectively when he registered the url he flipped the codes killswitch . 
  he 's not a genius and certainly not a lucky idiot , this was n't some randomer , he works for a security company and followed standard procedures to monitor , understand and control the issue . 
  it just happened that in this instance his job turned out to be way easier than anyone was expecting . 
  they also have one of the lowest effective rates of ~ 8 % for large companies that can afford the army of accountants needed to navigate the complex french taxation system . 
  also vat is a regressive tax that applies disproportionately on lower income earns who spend a higher proportion of their income on goods and services . 
  someone should remind macron he was elected president of france not europe . 
  the worst part is while frances standard corporate tax rate is 33.3 % their effective rate is actually only 8.3 % whereas irelands effective rate is 11.9 % ( [ 2013 numbers ] ( https://www.google.ie/amp/amp.irishexaminer.com/business/france-has-lower-effective-tax-rate-than-ireland-study-227320.html ) ) corporations already pay less in france than they would in ireland it 's just the french system is so complicated it requires an army of accounts to manage paying them . 
  if france want to attract foreign investment perhaps they need to look at simplifying their tax system and putting in place business friendly policies . 
  if they do n't want to do that stop blaming others who do to compete . 
  and do n't mention apple they are a single company that got a special deal and used a loophole that has already been closed with the issue of back taxes is being resolved in the courts they are not indicative of our entire taxation system . 
  read some joyce . 
  would you agree that most people are for keeping the 12.5 % corporate tax rate ( which is low but actually inline with what corporations really pay in other european countries after the accounts have had their way ) but remove the bullshit loopholes the likes of apple use to pay practically no tax on european profits . 
  which went to paying back bond holders who were primarily european banks . 
  so to be clear , the eu pressured the irish government into accepting a loan from member states and the imf with punitive interest rates so that we could pay the debts of irish banks to other european banks preventing a cascade of european bank failures . 
  the irish banking bailout was a bailout of the entire european banking system insisted upon by the eu that the irish people are paying the interest on . 
  it 's not exactly a handout so why do n't you get down off that high horse of yours . 
  99 % sure that was the boyos thinking irexit meant ireland seceding from cork . 
  infairness it 's fierce windy out . 
  shsssh ... we 're supposed to be neutral so we can keep the head down and stay out of it . 
  do n't be giving it away we 're helping the yanks . 
  the tunnel to france was their first mistake .
