   that argument allows you to disband the majority of the european armies . 
  the point just flew over your head . 
  the europeans will not need a stealth fighter unless they go on the offensive . 
  in a russian war scenario , they will be on the defensive until it goes nuclear or the u.s gets involve , which it will . 
  the u.s will f-35 , so offensives will be possible . 
  the europeans only need a defensive fighter/weapons platform for attacking ground forces in the u.s 's wars . 
   relying on the us for everything has it 's consequences . 
  when the u.s is the only superpower on the planet and one of the few nations that actively expands and throws it 's military weight around , it is very advantageous to ally with them . 
  this is not a reliance on the u.s for nothing type deal , they get nuclear bases in europe for use against russia in exchange for protection . 
  wtf is this, 
  and the people who would fill the vacuum are not better in any way . 
  assad would work to control syria , because he at least answers to russian influence . 
  the other rebel groups do n't , and assad would know he is expendable . 
   china made a copy of it , vastly inferior i did say * afterwards * . 
  but this is the same situation the u.s is in with the f-35 , plagued by problems . 
  it is not expected to be released until * 2037 * , and we all know how accurate government projections are . 
   european planes will be worthless since russia has a next gen plane as well . 
  and russia will not encroach upon europe . 
  the europeans would n't need an f-35 in that case , just a simple fighter . 
  ultra-advanced-dooper-sciencey stealth systems would not be needed if europe was attacked . 
  if any nato member ( the people who are buying , but do n't need the f-35 ) is attacked , the u.s will step in anyway . 
  the u.s already has multiple carriers and an air force that dwarfs the russian federation 's , this just reverts to my point that the f-35 is worthless to anyone but the u.s and their hypothetical future wars with russia/china/india . 
   the f-35 is having issues but its literally the next big jump and is not needed . 
  you could argue that a `` next generation '' craft is needed , but at this point it is all about penetrating detection systems . 
  this craft is not in any way needed in europe . 
  only the u.s needs it , for a hypothetical war against china/russia/india which is all very unlikely . 
  europe needs fighters to protect their airspace and * maybe * ground attack craft to defeat troops in the middle east . 
  the f-35 is in no way needed in europe . 
  this advancement is expensive as hell , with little benefit for anyone but america in a hypothetical situation . 
  and it will be way cheaper after release once someone else copies it and produces their own version . 
   what are the chances of getting caught with pepperspray ? 
  pepperspraying someone , then having police arrive to arrest you both ? 
  [ yes !, 
  that 's what we wanted you to think ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo ), 
   i was taking about what the movement really is about aye , just because scotland voted against independence does n't mean they want to be in the u.k !, 
   real feminism is about equality . 
  in the same way them bloody lowlanders ai n't true scots , aye ? 
  fucking scots , ruined scotland . 
  -5 stability , revert from commonwealth , release lithuania , do not pass go . 
   beautifully put , but without any use for this discussion . 
  i aim to please . 
   i said being for the refugees is common sense , therefore it is in all the newspapers . 
  nothing in the newspapers is there because it is true , or makes sense , or because it is intelligent . 
  it is there to make money , and if the majority of people believe in a certain political viewpoint , then the papers will sell to that ideology . 
  this is why papers have agendas . 
  it sells . 
  just because it 's common , does n't mean it makes sense . 
  `` bro it 's a prank !, 
  it 's a prank ! '', 
  * points to camera * `` see bro , you 're on camera ! '', 
  * gunshot *, 
  they did n't struggle that much the first time ` round ... 
  shit 's going down . 
  saudi arabia would like a word with you guys !, 
   also germany is n't that rich , what a retarded analogy . 
  and , comparatively , greece and bulgaria are ? 
  `` i was crucified for this ... '', 
  2005 : `` you ca n't print the black and white document because you have too little red ink . '', 
  2015 : `` you ca n't fire the main cannon because you have too little heat-seeking missiles . '', 
  but then wont the un come and kill me for hurting someones feelings ? 
  possibility of maybe drowning vs no possibility of survival if caught crossing . 
  conservatives generally are the best orators and politicians during a crisis . 
   in my experience people in large groups , especially when under the influence of fear , do not always act rationally/sane . 
  except this is n't influenced by fear , it is influenced by rational thinking . 
  a sudden rush of millions of people fighting through the balkans to get to germany and sweden is what is happening right now . 
  this is dangerous , and many of these migrants identify as isis supporters . 
  this means that a terrorist faction in direct opposition to europe has supporters there , entering in massive waves . 
  this is not funny . 
  it is not racist or fascist to want to protect your country from invasion , it is sane and make complete sense . 
  you can have the honor . 
  i 've done my part . 
  wonderful rebuttal by / u/cheriit , one that will live on through the ages with the likes of great orators such as cato . 
   have you finished high school and received basic historical and political education ? 
  yes , i have . 
   apparently not , i suggest you to at least open wikipedia and read up on these issues before you try and comment on them . 
  hmm . 
  have you gone to a university ? 
  source that and you 'll get kicked out . 
   it is clear that you are not even educated enough on these topics to even express why you believe that i am wrong . 
  it should be obvious to anyone , but not you i guess . 
  it should be obvious that left wing is never the paragon of good , were you to have actually gotten a history education , you would know about the oppressive , far left , government of the soviet union . 
  people could not speak freely for fear of death . 
  people could not act freely for fear of death . 
  people could not be the wrong ethnicity for fear of death . 
  does this seem familiar to you ? 
   the left side is the good side and things get worse the further to the right you get communism do n't real north korea is n't still around self awareness is n't needed etc, 
  yes , but they would n't have lower standards . 
  i 'm fine with fighting with a woman - if they were n't given an easier time in training , which many countries do . 
  yeah . 
  if you 're going to make a joke like that it needs to be set up and done properly . 
  it would be like saying `` want to know someone who is dumb ? 
  without first telling you he has no more brains left . 
  i know there are other roles , but i was talking combat roles specifically . 
  i 'm all for universal conscription if there is conscription , but many nations have lower standards for women and i would n't want to be stuck in combat with someone who would n't be able to carry me out if i got shot . 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  how would the inclusion of women fix that though ? 
  would n't the inclusion of women degrade the quality further , seeing as women are generally much weaker and less militarily inclined than men ? 
  you 're not allowed to eat anything from the oceans except fish with scales , i believe . 
  i think it was more to do with the fact that christianity today is much more docile and less violent than islam today , not to say that only christianity is good .
