  but not controlling the borders open yourself up to hundreds of attacks . 
  finds italy ? 
  okay ? 
  so what ? 
  countries with better standards of living and that developed have less isis fighters . 
  i did n't white wash . 
  listing benefits of colonialism is n't white washing . 
  i did n't call them savages . 
  i said they received benefits from it . 
  which is a fact . 
  so what if it gives them legitimacy ? 
  those who want to fight should look at their actions and think `` that 's disgusting '' and not fight . 
   daesh is literally the same thing as `` islamic state in iraq and syria '' . 
  it 's just an abbreviation of their arabic name , just like isis is an abbreviation of their english name . 
  i do n't think they 'll be too happy at being called isis though , since isis is the name of an egyptian goddess . 
  paganism is despised by them too . 
  i know this . 
  but a lot of the politicians and media use daesh to skip around the fact that isis is inherently religious and that we need to address that issue . 
   in my view , names are a bad way to judge an entity . 
  the `` national socialists '' certainly were not socialists and the `` democratic republic of north korea '' certainly is not democratic . 
  eh , hitler was a nationalist and north korea is north korea . 
  wtf is this bullshit ? 
   in the west , we 're all too often taught to buy into euro-centrism and to readily accept corporate branding initiatives in the guise of human kindness . 
  uh , no . 
  we live in the west . 
  therefore we are more likely to be concerned about the west . 
   euro-centrism - a worldview which centres and places overemphasised importance on the west - reinforces its supremacy through actions like these . 
  and there 's no ignoring the fact that this stems from european colonisation . 
  how is this a result of colonialism ? 
  people died . 
  people wanted to show their solidarity with france . 
  idiot . 
   how deeply ironic , considering that the colonisation of the middle east and wars carried out in muslim lands put down the roots for extremist groups such as isis . 
  and paved the way for industrialization , better standards of living , etc. 
  isis is not the result of colonialism . 
  it is the result of power vacuum after saddam 's defeat . 
   it 's a dismaying and damaging truth that westerners care about and empathise with images of white-skinned women grieving in topshop bobble hats far more than brown-skinned women grieving in niqabs probably because they relate more to people like them . 
  `` it 's a dismaying and damaging truth that easterners care about and empathise with images of brown-skinned women grieving in niqabs far more than white-skinned women grieving . '', 
  this is just horseshit . 
   we 're essentially saying that white , western lives matter more than others . 
  we are saying we oppose terrorism . 
   this sentiment , when it washes across the world via facebook in a sea of blue , white and red , provides a get-out-of-jail-free card for the west 's slaughter of middle eastern people in retaliation `` killing whites is fine , but killing terrorists who happen to be brown is bad because i 'm racist to whites . '', 
  this whole thing is just `` wah , white people died and were cared about . 
  leave isis alone , there not white ! '', 
   however , bombing is inadvertibly indiscriminatory towards whether a civilian is present or not . 
  you can have various forms of bombing . 
  strategic bombing of isis bases and centers can bring civilian causalities , but tactical bombing of engaged targets in combats has no such risk . 
   daesh will use civil victims of bombing runs to fuel their the west versus muslim narative and will use it to radicalize the naive and young . 
  the war needs to be fought not only physically , but also in the information space and there the west is currently loosing ground more than we care to admit . 
  daesh is sexy for the young and disenfranchised muslims and pretending the problem is gone once is is destroyed is truly naive . 
  if we do n't disassemble their narrative a new daesh will emerge from the ashes - possibly more radical than the current incarnation . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think anyone would argue against this . 
   western intervention has failed in the last few wars and if the local powers do n't assume responsibility , it will fail again . 
  intervention in these areas has been very lax and limited . 
  with the debacle of iraq , it was decided abstract bombing would work , which has limited results . 
  boots on the ground will just leave another iraq . 
  we need to encourage the better rebel regimes and democracy . 
  that is the only solution . 
  well that is because there is more islamic people . 
  i was talking about europe , because / r/europe . 
  but i get the point . 
  also , just say it as it is . 
  daesh is such a crappy name to call them . 
  they are * islamic * state , without islam there would be no isis . 
  i 'm not saying all muslims are bad , to the contrary , but there is a root cause of this and it must be addressed . 
   if you have a magical solution to stop the world from being dependent on oil overnight there are numerous other sources of oil , the u.s is the largest producer of it . 
  renewable energy is now very common in many european nations . 
  it would n't be over night , sure , but a lot of the push back to this is simply companies who do n't want to lose their bottom line . 
   retain a comparable level of influence in the region without saudi arabia as a ally israel . 
  jordan . 
  literally many more nations , with u.s bases already . 
   know a way to succeed with a western-backed initiative to change the muslim holy land 's government without it completely backfiring stop funding dictatorial regimes and then get surprised when they do n't act in our interests . 
  find out a different way to get what we want than war . 
  democracy should be encouraged . 
  this would take time , but it would n't take long . 
  but they will still exist . 
  and could quite possibly over power the kurds and governments fighting them . 
  if we do not bomb them , isis will not be stopped . 
  assad is the only reason syria has n't boiled over into worse situation . 
  remove assad , and who replaces him ? 
  another dictator who is n't loyal to anyone . 
  at least russia has a leash on assad . 
  why is it that most fighters come from the most liberal nations ? 
  it appears that multiculturalism has failed europe when foreigners do n't want to integrate and instead terrorize the people trying to help and go to support a disgusting islamist regime . 
  yes , but it 's highly unlikely that europe will go to war against russia without the u.s , hence why we base our predictions in present knowledge . 
  so , we should n't base our vision of the future on the current , and just freeball it ? 
   rafale is not cheaper then f-35 . 
  ( http://www.cnbc.com/2014/07/31/how-dods-15-trillion-f-35-broke-the-air-force.html ) and [ rafale . ], 
  ( http://www.cnbc.com/2014/07/31/how-dods-15-trillion-f-35-broke-the-air-force.html ), 
  the most poland is going to be up against is islamist extremists in the middle east . 
  f-16 are perfectly capable of supporting ground forces and u.s operations , what with their ability to bomb them to shit . 
  the f-35 is designed to go in stealthy over enemy territory and attack enemies that are well behind the lines . 
  why would europe need this ? 
  again , this benefits no-one , * but * america . 
  why would europe need a strike fighter in 30 years ? 
  they are n't invading russia . 
  the current geopolitical situation actually influences what we will need in 30 years , it is completely relevant . 
  if tomorrow china and russia allied , the u.s would want a new air superiority fighter if push came to shove . 
  the fact is , this craft benefits no-one but the u.s. no-one else needs it .
