  just a little [ booting . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt4mwy9obna ), 
   she there 's your problem . 
  `` is this star wars ? '', 
  is just russian tourists travelling in at-at 's . '', 
  there was no chance they did . 
  but the first one was a colossal failure on the ussr 's part and the second caused the russians to negotiate when they wanted a complete capitulation . 
  i do n't know , some balconies can be pretty unsafe , especially in woods or around a pile of manure ... 
  `` i 'm sorry , your honour , but jim was 145 . 
  i had to let him go , he was stinking up the front with his decaying bones . '', 
   that 's what an garda s\u00edoch\u00e1na ( irish police ) have to do , until it 's proven to be false i 'm sure that / u/technyot did n't want the police to just ignore the calls to police . 
  i think he was referring to the continual feminist assaults on the rights of due process and innocent until proven guilty . 
  feminists have been trying to get the mere assertion of rape a punishable offence for a few years now . 
  some nuts will be inspired anyway , not talking about something because of a terrorist threat is stupid . 
  you are n't going to kill thousands though . 
  maybe hundreds if you are damn lucky . 
  you need a big blast , and if :  i would setup atleast 5 different explosive device in various places . 
  i would also try to maximise the chance of starting a fire and i would focus on high risk targets like gas stations ( aim for those underground storage tankers ) and tall buildings ( take that bottom floor out ) you 're gon na needs millions , and that was the position i 'm arguing against . 
  for a bomb over a couple tons ? 
  to get a good bomb that will do legitimate damage on the levels of thousands , you need a lot of explosive . 
  most only kill around 5 , 10 if your lucky . 
  the main casualties are injuries , and that only goes so far . 
  the madrid bombings were quite high , but you could get 10 guys with ak 's in different places and kill a lot more . 
   twin towers was planes no ? 
  it was bombed in the early 90 's . 
   also i never said 1 bomb if i ever aimed to do a bombing i would setup atleast 5 different explosive device in various places . 
  i would also try to maximise the chance of starting a fire and i would focus on high risk targets like gas stations ( aim for those underground storage tankers ) and tall buildings ( take that bottom floor out ) . 
  sure the planing on my part would be ridiculous however i would never ever put the plans beyond the confines of my mind . 
  it 's still negligible . 
  you would need a government size force and millions of dollars to pay off people and pay for explosives . 
  even then , in a large city , the buildings block the blast , which is the main cause of death . 
  and you 'll never kill a crowd because the bodies protect the people further on . 
  this is all detrimental to explosives , which is why guns  bombs . 
   also paris was a multi man operation the k/d on it is pretty low and inline with what a one man bomb attack ( s ) could achieve . 
  guns are more cost effective . 
  let 's have 5 men , all with a $ 500 ak47 and 90 bullets each . 
  that is way more cost effective than driving a car or bus full of explosives onto an intersections and killing yourself for a couple million . 
  explosives rarely do any damage compared to guns . 
  the paris attacks killed at least a hundred , the twin tower bombings killed negligible amounts . 
  guns trump bombs every time . 
  not really . 
  a traffic accident is exactly that , an accident . 
  you can not tell that it will happen , except if you spot it last second or intentionally get in one . 
  a terrorist attack is different . 
  there is always someone to blame , the attacker . 
  no-one feels anger in an accident at the other person for hitting them , maybe for making them late , but they do not think that person intentionally went out that day to kill someone . 
  you are comparing incomparable situations . 
  some are so equal , they 're poorer than others !, 
  bullshit , just get a nice treaty when there is a land grabber . 
  remember , `` peace in our time ! '', 
  boxing day sales , mate . 
  saw a 50 ' 4k tv for $ 325 , if you can find a buk for $ 750 000 , you take it !, 
  damn protesters . 
  if you ca n't afford the train , get a job where you will need the train to get to !, 
  damn ingrate bums ... ^ ^ ^ obligatory ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  have they killed people ? 
  to be fair , they do n't have a massive civil/drug war going on . 
  they have n't taken anything by military force - they 're building something to place their force on . 
  hell , it does n't even have to be advanced . 
  just place a ton of concrete pillboxes everywhere . 
  maintain them , and for the same price you can protect a lot better than having conscription and new weapons . 
  just because it 's an accident does n't mean there was bad intentions . 
  they intended to kill people . 
  they killed hundreds . 
  just because it was an accident does n't mean they are free from blame , because :  an accident is an undesirable incidental and unplanned event that ** could have been prevented had circumstances leading up to the accident been recognized , and acted upon , ** prior to its occurrence . 
  and they did n't . 
  that seems to be false for germany , france , britian , australia , romania , greece , etc. 
   so the voting part does n't actually matter to you is what you are saying ? 
  but you are still fine with the minority ruling the majority in crimea 's case if they stayed in ukraine ? 
  i 'd rather majority , but if it comes at the cost of sham votes and invasion , i 'd rather minority . 
  well , yeah . 
  they were n't invaded by troops , or risking there lives going to the corner store . 
  the blitz had shelters for public use . 
  have a public debate when serb tanks are rolling through zagreb ? 
  okay . 
   implying they ca n't make friends and must attack people, 
  they are n't comparable , kosovo has a 90 % albanian ethnicity and crimea has 60 % , after soviet ethnic cleansing of course . 
  slovenia and croatia left because they would have not been allowed to leave by serbia later if they stayed . 
  it was an issue of war and freedom or continual federation under a growing serbia . 
  nothing in that conflict went right , so i do n't see how supporting the rights of states there is hypocritical . 
  yes . 
   when i lose control of my car and take out an entire family in another care it is still an accident . 
  the missile did n't `` lose control '' and fire itself , it was fired upon the aircraft . 
  there is a big difference her . 
  it 's turning into a proxy winter war . 
   implying that having people opposed to your warmongering justifies warmongering, 
  yugoslavia wanted to keep the federation during the wars . 
  i would n't recognize yugoslavia/serbia 's claims to them . 
   96 % , polls done in crimea by multiple organizations confirmed support for secession . 
  what 's your point ? 
  `` i do n't like it so i 'll dispute it on technicalities . '', 
  no vote has ever reached that amount without interference or foul play . 
   no country in yugoslavia separated with pros & cons free discussion yet every country was internationally recognized . 
  okay ? 
  that was a poorly handled disaster with ramifications today , no one looks at yugoslavia and says `` that ended well . '', 
  were those who had a vested interest in seeing certain votes made the occupiers ? 
  then yes . 
  the fact is , the iraqi and german votes were watched internationally , the crimean `` vote '' was not . 
   but it wont . 
  either crimeans got their vote for self-determination then or never .
