  they conquered the ukraine from the ruthenian tribes and lithuanian lords . 
  so because they want to be warmongers , but wont be allowed to , they should be able to invade ? 
  how about not invading , and working with the international community ? 
  you 're acting as if russia and the west can not be friendly for some reason . 
  this whole situation is russia 's fault . 
   russia did n't lose territory and are now trying to get it back , they are bullying other nations that declared independence to get their resources , ports , influence , etc. 
  did you ignore that ? 
  russia has not lost territory . 
  the people they controlled who did n't want to be a part of russia wanted independence . 
  what russia is doing is bullying those nations so it can get some semblance of world influence back . 
  that is not a good reason . 
  at least germany bullied other nations that had a very high ethnic german community , or the territory it actually lost . 
  for example , the sudetenland was rather justifiable , as was danzig . 
  bohemia-moravia was not , and austria is contested because of conflicting public reports on approval of the anschluss . 
  russia has bullied georgia , with a very small russian community , so it could steal land and incorporate it into some of the `` republics '' in the federation . 
  ukraine had very little reason to be invaded , besides the warm water ports . 
  how is that justification ? 
  `` we need a port , fuck you ! '', 
  give me a break . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  complaining that they have n't decided on it yet ? 
  they have n't voted yet , this is like saying `` omg , just do gay marriage already ! '', 
  when the vote is in a year . 
  no it is n't . 
  germany lost territory after the versailles treaty , including territory with ethnic german majorities . 
  danzig was the whole reason ww2 began , and had an overwhelming majority of ethnic germans under a de facto polish rule . 
  russia did n't lose territory and are now trying to get it back , they are bullying other nations that declared independence to get their resources , ports , influence , etc. 
  danzig was german , those in the city saw themselves as german , and wanted to be a part of germany . 
  they could not join the nation , however , as they were forbidden by the treaty of versailles . 
  germany had a much better provocation to declare war on poland than putin ever has against georgia and ukraine . 
  do n't forget dimitri and reznov !, 
  oh , let 's see here . 
  got to go a rummaging through folders here ... oh . 
  germany . 
  what a surprise . 
  of course you 're a swede !, 
   the problem is the `` order '' of a dictatorship can rack up a body count as high or higher than the chaos of any civil war can . 
  the only difference is the cleanliness of the carnage . 
  at least in a revolution , at the end of the tunnel there 's a chance that the killing might end once and for all . 
  you 're implying that there have been no bloodless dictators , or dictators who did not work with the people in mind . 
   i disagree . 
  the actual threat of terrorism to the west 's way of life and even the simple physical threat of its bombs is severely overstated , and certainly not enough to justify imposing tyranny on others ( or ourselves , for that matter ) against everything we supposedly stand for in order to prevent it . 
  i did n't say anything about terrorism . 
   the alternative is noninterference . 
  when you look back on history , interference is to blame for the supposed need to support autocracy around the world in the first place . 
  it 's a vicious circle and it needs to end at some point . 
  let the citizens of the world sort out their own destiny for once . 
  i agree with this . 
  it 's just the u.s does n't . 
   at what cost ? 
  this does n't seem like a `` pretty good track record '' to me . 
  it 's disgusting and depraved conduct that no one should support . 
  it 's arguably a better cost than warlords going around and the region being terrorized by worse people for the next couple decades . 
  yes , human rights were n't up to a good standard , but he kept order . 
  i was arguing for that , not his top-notch people skills . 
   how about neither of the two evils ? 
  we have no right to impose our will on weaker countries for our own selfish reasons . 
  whether its to support `` stable '' dictatorships or foment revolution , it only ever makes things worth . 
  some situations , like this , have no alternative . 
   a genocide is n't the same thing as a revolution . 
  you should know that preventing genocide is the rationale that nato used to intervene in libya , by the way . 
  i was saying that there were warlords running around without order , like libya now . 
  and he did n't start killing people before hand , not that it 's justified . 
   you are incredibly paranoid . 
  the us forgot assange even exists . 
  no one but europeans and australians thinks we care about arresting him no i 'm not . 
  and i suppose you can speak for the entire u.s government / intelligence agencies ? 
   the facts are : sweden has a loose definition of rape , assange `` raped '' someone allegedly , he refuses to answer their questions or go for an interview , and he did break the law when he jumped bail in the uk . 
  either way he is a criminal , he either raped someone or jumped bail he is n't a criminal , he has n't been charged . 
  even if he was found guilt of rape , it was a shitty definition as you said , and he does n't deserve to go to prison . 
  jumping bail in this situation was rational because he would most likely be found guilty of the charges in sweden . 
   who has been kidnapped that is n't a member of a terrorist organization in a failed state ? 
  [ * ahem * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extraordinary_rendition#example_cases )  julian assange is a world famous citizen of a major european country . 
  your fantasy of the cia kidnapping him is absolutely a tinfoil conspiracy . 
  all right , fine it 's a conspiracy . 
  so what ? 
  what is stopping the u.s from someone ? 
  * law * ? 
  of course not . 
  again , kidnapping is par for the course in the intelligence services and their not going to be punished . 
  i do n't think he will until he leaves the embassy , but their not going to let him go scot-free . 
   yes , and that 's beside the point . 
  gaddafi was n't good at his job . 
  he and his regime failed to keep order and libya degenerated into civil war . 
  your point was that gaddafi was `` good at his job '' but the course of events proves the exact opposite . 
  for 42 years he kept order and stability . 
  that 's a pretty good track record . 
  this is like saying a democracy failed because protests occur regularly . 
   whether or not nato intervention made the situation worse is another discussion . 
  why not have it now . 
  it 'll be quick . 
  here we go !, 
  *** it did . 
  *** the situation is still not fixed and was made worse . 
   people who circlejerk about how `` good '' gaddafi and assad was/is seem to imply as much very often . 
  i said he was a stabilizing and peaceful ruler in an unstable region . 
  that 's pretty good for 42 years . 
  also , i 'm not circlejerking . 
  i 'm making an argument with you , i 'm saying `` oooh gaddaffi my waifu pls to fuk '' with someone else who completely agrees . 
  this is the exact opposite .
