   i 'm not cool with that either , or supporting the absolute monarchies in the gulf any more than simply buying their exports . 
  neither am i , but it 's a lesser of two evils . 
   the people who live in these countries seem to disagree which is why they took up arms in the first place . 
  who are we to tell them otherwise ? 
  so the massacring of the tutsi 's is justified because i do n't live there ? 
  i do n't think he 'd get droned , that would be a little to much for foreign relations . 
  but that does n't mean they would n't try a kidnapping . 
  it 's not tinfoil hat , this is the u.s and their intelligence services , they do shit like this every other day . 
  there was nothing to charge him with . 
  but do you really think the u.s is going to sit idly by while their secrets and incriminating data are released ? 
  they do n't care if they have the law on their side or not , they 've done worse before and will do the same again . 
  u.s extradition . 
  u.k arrest . 
  u.s agents . 
  the list goes on , it 's like you forgot the previous comments . 
  charges have not been filed because there is nothing to charge , but the u.s sure as shit does n't want people to know it fucked up in a few wars and that it 's spying on it 's own people . 
  the reason that assange is hiding is the same reason snowden was taken in by the russians . 
  they had secrets the u.s did n't want out . 
   you 're putting the cart before the horse . 
  when nato intervened in libya it was to aid a rebellion against gaddafi that was already in existence . 
  ensuring that his regime would not continue . 
  rebels with kalashnikovs < well funded and armed government every time . 
   you 're putting the cart before the horse . 
  when nato intervened in libya it was to aid a rebellion against gaddafi that was already in existence . 
  implying that a dictatorship can stay stable forever ? 
  one of the reasons the u.s supported hussein 's iraq was because , until 1991 , it was relatively peaceful in the region and stabilized it . 
  they do eventually go sour , but i 'd rather a dictatorship which can be accountable to another power than disparate warlords fighting and killing civilians for power . 
   these `` stable '' regimes failed to keep order all on their own . 
  and without them there would n't be a moment of peace in the region , just continuous wars as we see in africa among tribal leaders . 
   assange was free for a long time in the uk , an extremely close us ally unlike neutral sweden , and yet somehow was n't kidnapped by cia paramilitaries and thrown into a rape dungeon . 
  he was stuck in an embassy the whole time . 
  the u.s is n't going to foul play there , and the u.k wo n't go and raid a friendly embassy . 
   it does n't add up . 
  assange is just a narcissist who enjoys acting the martyr . 
  i 'm sure he enjoys having to live with very little freedom in an embassy for the foreseeable future . 
  the swedes did it , assange was n't there i 'm fairly sure . 
  these claims are a load of bollocks and have been thrown out of court multiple times . 
  the only reason they 're still brought up is entirely political . 
  sweden wants assange to return for trial , in which case he will kidnapped by u.s agents or extradited . 
  there is this apt statement in the comment section :  libya had a centralized , stable and relatively unhurtful government , until the us/uk/france decided to bomb the life out of it ... 
  this situation would never have occurred had the gaddafi regime , which was rather good at its job , stayed in power . 
  the same thing will happen in syria if assad is taken out . 
  these rebels will not unify to ensure the survival of libya . 
  they all have opposing goals and politics . 
  it would be like trying to ally the russians and turks against the syrian rebels . 
  i was n't making a point . 
  i asked a question . 
  your comment just flew into a massive argument , when i was n't arguing . 
  i asked a damned question and want a genuine answer . 
  was she not suspected because she did not participate , or because she is a woman ? 
  it does n't specify . 
  well , that clearly needed an / s, 
  why commit jihad on your own muslim paradise ? 
  so what you 're saying is , we have to kill the jews , to save the jews ? 
  i 'll be gone a while ... 
  even bhutan is richer ... 
  `` his people '' . 
  not him . 
   b ) we are very careful when treating with them because we tried to exterminate them once `` we '' ? 
  some people who were genocidal maniacs did . 
  not us . 
  these people are not those who were killed . 
  we do n't owe them anything . 
  implying they could go and block the borders to prevent them coming in right now , when the people are n't in charge ? 
  is obviouslings that ukraine stole ukraine from russian russia !, 
   from what i heard it is rumbly and hard to follow . 
  yeah , i got a copy from my school library in australia . 
  it had annotations and foot notes because hitler either had a foggy memory of his childhood or made some fabrications , because he talks about stuff that happened several years later , not at all or flips events , such as his school grades and war history . 
  good read though . 
  you really see him as a person , not as an idea or collective of the nazi ideal . 
  i 'd recommend that you get one that does n't judge or place their own ideas in the book , just clarify misinformation . 
  the one i had said every second footnote `` hitler was mistaken in this collection of events and used it to continue his disgusting ideas . '', 
  like , yeah , i understand he did bad things , but let me make my own mind . 
  especially seeing as there is plenty of non-shitty ideas and reasoning in the book . 
  it 's just a shame it 's covered in filth too . 
  yas , now we can develop proper craft beers and motorized kangaroos !, 
  brb , knocking at my door . 
   turkey has been treating everyone in their hospitals , even saa members . 
  obviously . 
  but isis members are free to cross into syria again . 
  that was the point . 
  kurds are arrested . 
   they got aks and suicide belts in the middle of europe , in fucking paris . 
  who sold it to them ? 
  the government ? 
   thanks to pkk smugglers . 
  oh i mean freedom fighters . 
  pkk fights isis , but also buys their oil and smuggles it to turkey , who are their enemies as well ? 
  good theory , 11/10 , too much conspiracy . 
  the turks are letting isis into hospitals and selling arms and buying oil to them . 
  they go free . 
  all kurds are arrested . 
  europe is not doing this , they try to stop people when possible . 
  i know it 's all the same word , but it takes away from a large issue which , at least in australia , politicians do not want to mention . 
  anyway , hitler kinda was a socialist . 
  he instituted policies such as universal healthcare . 
  it 's why nazism was called the `` third way '' , it was a mash of right and left wing politics . 
  alright , but it 's also a shitty thing to demean people who want to show support for paris after the terrorist attacks because they did n't do the same with lebanese people . 
  it does n't mean no attacks . 
  some will get through .
