  because they may have to move back to xenophobic little england ? 
  god help me for laughing at this, 
  he looks like vincent adultman, 
  yes because [ america is so free ] ( https://www.quora.com/how-does-america-have-more-freedom-than-western-european-countries-or-developed-asian-countries ) my favourite is the proportional representation ... edit :  to have your voice drowned in a sea of foreign screams not sure exactly what that means ... 
  haha !, 
  enjoy all those gm corns and antibiotic cows flushing into your supermarkets !, 
  what is it with you people and your freedom ? 
  that 's the joke, 
  got a job for you !, 
  nobody gives an arse whisker for esperanto as it has no heritage and no culture . 
  i learned it in school , it 's a soulless language . 
  i 'm in !, 
  i want me some deep fried pho, 
  not sure how everyone missed the humour in this thread . . you strut your stuff sir !, 
  he did n't get away with it ... he was fired . 
  that conversation went very american very fast . . 
  is potato-shaped shorthand for oblong and lumpy ? 
   potato-eating ... 1865 too soon man :(, 
  yeah , give an irishman some power and he 'll become a stiff-arsed bastard . 
  we like to have someone above us to moan about . 
  actually the us was n't a superpower until after the war . 
  ` murica !, 
  freedom !, 
  no need to be a dick . 
  let 's see your second language . 
  this . 
  the problem is it 's now too emotionally conflated with the eu . 
  shhhhh ... 
  still hideous though . . 
  hot damn . 
  not into this kind of stuff at all , but damn that j-20 is one sexy plane . 
  we claim him happily nonetheless !!, 
  because the swiss flag is a white cross on a red background . 
  greece ? 
  also the wellington boot . 
   the red cross is swiss which always seemed ironic to me . . 
  ireland here , have had one of these all my life , parents have too . 
  ahh you 're my kind of classy !, 
  til americans call a vw golf a vw rabbit . . 
  that seems to be a theme of this map . 
  we lost donegal . 
  or to irish up someones face with your fist . 
  just gon na cut up my steak ... bang bang . 
  let me open that bottle for you . . bang bang . 
  the american tool . 
  bang bang !, 
  except as a mode of transportation, 
  hello !, 
  hehe , your face is a couche-tard !, 
  alimentation couche-tard sounds really dirty, 
  he 's a karma whore . 
  his posting history is very interesting . 
   and you think you 're going to * get in ? 
  * hahaha !, 
  man , i love gay byrne . 
  makes sense , thanks !, 
  what is that animal in the logo ? 
  some sort of super-fast rabbit ? 
  that 's because farage is not doing it with a sense of jocularity , he 's just a dick . 
  i 'm glad there are people who can have a laugh on our side of the table . 
  two years, 
  *** buuuuuurrrrrrrnnnnnnnn !!!!!!, 
  bloody romans !, 
  what did they ever do for us ? 
  username does not check out !, 
  gammon is a little different . 
  it 's a raw brined pork leg , whereas what this is comparing is a cooked ham ( not necessarily brined ) , and a cured ham . 
  in ireland we call this bacon , as in the dish bacon and cabbage . 
  aside from the validity of comparing cooked and cured meats , adding gammon adds uncooked brined meat ( which needs to be cooked ) . 
  ** i want to judge this competition !, 
  ** ^ ^ actually ^ ^ just ^ ^ eat ^ ^ all ^ ^ the ^ ^ ham, 
  damn son, 
  fellow vicenzan ? 
  hey now . 
  broke free of the chains of human rights ? 
  we love you all !, 
  that 's fair enough , you 'd need to be pretty tall to peek in, 
  if only our schoolchildren had guns !, 
  i like this . 
  then post it in the uk subreddit where people still care, 
  i get this reference !, 
  it worries me a lot that you were being downvoted and him upvoted . 
  little brother my arse, 
  cork here . 
  leitrim does n't exist ya melt !, 
  it 's a total myth like decent foreign bacon . 
  u/executivemonkey is r/europe 's beloved pet troll . 
  actually the inverse . 
  you 're referencing the china-taiwan relationship from the perspective _ of international law _ , that china , the officially recognised body , has rightful dominion . 
  by international law as it currently stands , ukraine is an official government and crimea belongs to it , and russia an unofficial claimant claiming dominion over both the main territory ( officially ukraine ) and the sub-territory . 
  that makes russia taiwan in your analogy . 
  so by the logic of your argument i 'll ftfy :  crimea belongs to russia in the same sense as mongolia belongs to taiwan . 
  well that was weird . . 
  nobody to answer , perth does n't make it as far as reddit . 
  / u/pingurambo is talking about doing the immigration on a connection , so it 's like flying from dublin to the us through london , and having to do the immigration in london . 
  it adds stress to the layover because it makes it much more difficult to judge timings . 
   it is widely assumed that it would lead to recession by economists if 2016 has taught me anything , it 's that there is absolutely no point in referring to experts anymore . 
  feels over reals bro . 
  if he feels the lira nostalgia , experts wo n't convince him that 's not the future . 
  this made me laugh out of all proportion,
