oh man , i want to move to finland now :( knife fighting naked in the sauna !, 
   not exactly the sharpest pen in the box i love this so much, 
  bias works both ways . 
   illegal immigrants are massively over-represented in crime statistics . 
  they 're comparable to some of the muslims and blacks in europe . 
   there 's also that whole issue of america losing its white majority and becoming 30-40 % hispanic . 
   he 's a competent , intelligent guy lol , wut ? 
  gtfo, 
  mmmmm beer sorry , what ? 
  also , we * are * very far away ... 
  believe me , i feel it every time i need to get a 19 hour ferry to europe . 
  racist shit, 
  and live with trump ?? 
  * despite the fact that i agree with you * , the fact that you say ` germoney ' in serious discourse negates your entire credibility in my mind . 
  in fairness , it could also come from the fact that we drink a lot and are drunk all the time . 
  those whips do n't pay for themselves you know !, 
  fair enough !, 
  kudos for not knee-jerk reacting to my admittedly rude comment !, 
   general populace starts to learn how to drink and drive sorry , but that 's really stupid . 
  i think it is unfair to say it is disgusting , or as a parent comment said , ` fucking savages ' . 
  there is a point where he is repeatedly shouting something and bashing himself on the head . 
  to me this looks like a stress overload , been there and also seen it in other people suffering from depression/incredible stress level . 
  radio liberty ? 
  seriously ? 
  the broadband is cursed, 
  hello , i have heard much of your music mister elton axxo . 
  i ca n't help thinking he 's trying to subtly tell us something . 
  i hate that guy . 
  not if it has no hands . 
  i agree . 
  i would n't have known that this type of conference was happening if they had n't brought it to the public consciousness . 
  then religion has already served its purpose . 
  this . 
  ireland was the first country to allow gay marriage by popular vote , but it was still only 62 % yes . 
  ireland is still a very catholic country . 
  i would love to see an international conference attended by putin , berlusconi and trump . 
  that does n't tell me what benefits he gets . . 
   and they 're catholic , which is a plus serious question , for a tourist why is it a plus that they 're catholic ? 
  i was there in april a few years ago , stunning and very quiet . 
  really really stunning though , well worth visiting . 
  do n't bother . 
  you ca n't change people 's ideologies with logic and evidence . 
  instead , when you get home , sit down , relax , have a beer and be glad you are a nice human being . 
  pronounced knee-suckers ? 
  i am the silent majority !!!!!, 
  ( disclaimer : no part of this statement is true ), 
  i think it 's more that the american sense of nationalism is excessive , bordering on fetishism . 
  in ireland we are proud of our country , proud to be irish , but also ( generally ) proud of the european project , our part in it and aware of what it has done for us . 
  at the same time we can point out its flaws constructively without falling into a ` you and us ' mentality which is generally where nationalism leads you . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think the boats would stop coming . 
  that 's a stupid comment . 
  your response is a logical fallacy . 
  i agree that people who hold these opinions belong on stormfront and nowhere else where people have to listen to this bigoted stupidity . 
  except the civilians they live beside ... ... . . 
  i 'm so confused . . and offended ... 
   a desire for a just and fair system for everyone in the world ( that did n't work out so well to be fair , he said it was a desire for something just and fair , and noted that it did n't work out well . 
  also rape-babies spilled over the battlefields , do n't forget them ... 
    a desire for a just and fair system for everyone in the world  no idea what you are talking about he 's talking about communism, 
  totally agree with this , flairs on r/europe help me to get context , especially on discussions involving multiple users . 
  an example would be a russian flair wearer attacking russian social policy . 
  this gives a context to show that it 's a particular type of discussion . 
  certainly it may be misleading , but much less so when the discusser of russian social policy could be from anywhere in the world . 
  if hitler had succeeded in stomping out his antagonists he would have had peace for the rest of his reign too . . 
  in a canal ? 
  personally , i find your comment far more condescending, 
  can i please have your tickeaaaaarrgh !, 
   we maintain friendly relations with the uk , of course , but its not because we loved our time with it lol, 
  try living in dublin man , the bubble lives on !, 
   as for 9/11 , the afghanestan war should have been done sooner . 
  there was a terrorist organization in control of a country . 
  sorry , but we do n't want a ` world police ' . 
  mission accepted will check back in one year with progress report . 
  touch\u00e9 :d, 
   that 's not the point . 
  everyone got invaded at one point or another . 
  how many times has ~ ~ russia ~ ~ usa messed with countries on its borders ? 
  hello kettle , let 's have a race-relations discussion !, 
  i like it !, 
  just tried it on one of my work colleagues . 
  if i have to explain my email in such detail every time i say my email address though , i may not adopt it immediately . 
  in fairness , the two recent times the us was attacked within its own borders , pearl harbour and 9/11 , it went ballistic and waged giant wars . 
  yes sir , my email address is richard dot smith rolled up raw fish muscle impaled on lollipop sticks gmail dot com . 
  yes , it 's spelled g m a i l. 
  i come from a valley in north cork . 
  pretty bloody awesome night sky . 
  i 'd ask for my money back . 
  can confirm , have sat on the shores of lake victoria staring at the stars . 
  scrambled my mind it was so awesome . 
  this conversation sounds exactly like the ones we have here in ireland !, 
  happy schaeuble day !, 
  your schaeuble day present is not a 6 day week but imprisonment !, 
  happy schaeuble day !, 
  ireland will need a referendum on anything to do with a fiscal union , and that will not pass . 
  we will not give up our corporate tax rate . 
  you can argue against it any way you want , but as a remote island with potentially a non-eu country between us and the mainland , it 's our mainline to competitiveness . 
  ok , thanks, 
  can someone confirm that there are no nsfl images in the video in the report ? 
  i have n't watched it , did n't want to see bodies . 
  but why 2 years from now , what happens then ? 
  tell that to the ` russian tourists ' in ukraine !,
