  not a single one of those is fit for western society . 
  exactly . 
  they need us for their economies , we go there because the pay is better and there 's often no tax . 
  europe does not need uneducated bigots , and they only want to come because welfare in europe generally pays better than most jobs in their home country . 
  nice to see , as usual , the uk muslim public affairs committee got their [ victim complex ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vtabmpr.jpg ) going before they even found out the details . 
  thank fuck malta , like eastern europe , has escaped the full force of the regressive left so far . 
  you 'd think so , but / u/sneakystratus believes ` marginalisation ' is the main fuel for radicalism . 
  i do n't see poor white or black lads on london council estates blowing things up . 
  have a look at r/exmuslim , there 's a brilliant group of very brave people there who will need our support and help in the future if things carry on getting worse . 
  they absolutely do . 
  hatred of israel is widespread in every muslim country and population . 
  why do you think so many british muslims ( mostly pakistani and bangladeshi ) are so obsessed with israel/palestine ? 
  they claim to oppose imperialism without realising they are only muslims because of arab imperialism . 
  hypocrites . 
  [ the former lord mayor of bradford is even an anti-semitic cunt . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/khadim-hussain-former-lord-mayor-of-bradford-suspended-by-labour-party-over-anti-semitism-a6948856.html ) this is man who was in a position of power in britain . 
  nobody said all muslims you utter fuckwit . 
  every single time someone screams `` not all muslims '' it turns out nobody in the effective area actually said anything near that . 
  the funniest thing is it actually happened . 
  check @pa on twitter . 
  douglas murray is a prophet of the good kind . 
  we never forgot lee rigby . 
  [ this poem ] ( http://www.europeanamericansunited.org/school1/fiction/kipling/awakened.htm ) sums it up best . 
  were n't hate speech laws in place then ? 
  i hate the laws as much as most people but i rarely , if ever , hear of muslims being prosecuted despite the two undercover mosque documentaries and hate preachers such as hamza tzortzis being invited to speak at university islamic societies even after having said horrific things about gay people and other groups . 
  hatred is spread in mosques and islamic schools every day but it 's never dealt with . 
  google the wiki article on ` londonistan ' . 
  there is the widespread theory that in the 1990s and 2000s the british government promised to leave hate preachers and potential terrorists alone as long as they did not direct their hatred towards britain . 
  they already have higher birthrates than the native population , if we ca n't stop new arrivals completely we have two problems to deal with . 
  time to crack down on the ghettoised populations already here , it was a mistake in the first place and it 's time to fix it . 
  [ at least 4 explosions at different stations . 
  bbc radio 4 just reported shots were heard and shouting in arabic was also heard . 
  why are n't you asking that to the person i replied to ? 
  kurds do and it has been reported amongst arab syrians too ... shows how little you know about the subject . 
  culture is n't race ... 
  if i say that every culture where fgm is practiced and widely accepted is shit , does that make me a racist ? 
  the support for criminalisation of homosexuality actually goes up amongst younger british muslims . 
  [ ( page 14 ) ] ( http://www.civitas.org.uk/publications/sharia-law-or-one-law-for-all/ ) i love that we imported a population of religious bigots that only gets worse as time goes on !, 
  seems like lukas graham do n't agree . 
  but mate , it 's just \\ #banter you know , lads lads lads lads lads . 
  if you 're not up for the \\ #banter that 's fine but you 're letting the side down . 
  sorry , should have posted it with my original comment but did n't think it would be seen very much . 
  i 've posted about the issue a few times in recent months and it 's still incredibly concerning . 
  the malta independent did the bulk of the reporting about the issue , there are other articles on their website about it . 
  just a reminder that thousands of algerians were given visas through bribery by the maltese prime minister 's corrupt cousin in the algiers consulate . 
  i do wonder if this person came in that way . 
  do n't worry , it 'll happen in the next few decades . 
  their birthrates along with the new arrivals will make sure of that . 
  i ca n't wait until they reach 50 % and start having a real impact in politics . 
  goodbye gay marriage !, 
  i never said that . 
  we should just not accept them into europe . 
  ignoring the fact that the same amount of money you 're shitting out could help so many more people if they stayed in the region , we have hundreds of thousands of undocumented military age men in europe from the most homophobic and misogynistic cultures on the planet , all because yourselves and germany decided you just had to bring in immigrants from those cultures . 
   average stormfront user yeaaah , nah . 
  i 'm talking about cultural and religious values , i 'm not the bad one for not wanting more hyper-religious mentalists when we 're just getting rid of the native ones . 
  i did n't say every one of them is the scum of the earth , did i ? 
  brilliant . 
  sweden are literally letting the scum of the earth enter the country in their quest to be ` tolerant and welcoming ' . 
  when their population in 25 years contains a large and rising number of vile religious bigots and nutcases they only have themselves to blame . 
  yes , they 're full british citizens . 
  for example i 'm from guernsey . 
  we are n't in the eu and if you have two guernsey born parents you ca n't take advantage of freedom of movement but if you have one parent born in the uk then you can . 
  people born in the uk also ca n't move to guernsey freely as we have strict immigration laws that work on the basis of temporary work permits tied to a specific job , i believe the most common one is 5 years but that can be extended . 
  you are actually mental . 
  if you have a browse around r/exmuslim you 'll find the victim mentality and conspiracy theories against muslims are extremely common these days ( ex-muslims are basically the only ones who can say it without being called racist or whatever ) . 
  after ofcom ( our broadcasting regulator ) punished an islamic tv channel for broadcasting an anti-semitic sermon i saw comments everywhere saying that ofcom was run by zionist jews blah blah . 
  maajid has to tackle a huge number of issues ingrained in a huge number of people before we 're going to see any progress . 
  he 's widely ridiculed on british muslim facebook pages such as 5pillars . 
  such a shame . 
  while that 's obviously the main reason , a lot of them wo n't realise just how much ` sinning ' ( to them obviously ) that there is . 
  some generalisations here but as a continent most of us like drinking , bacon and sex before marriage . 
  to a lot of the migrants it 'll be such a shock to their system they 'll want to get out of this hellhole full of dirty kuffars , others will try and stay solely in their ghettoised communities and others will actively try to change europe into the countries they came from . 
  i doubt more than a few will be totally happy living amongst the natives , going to dinner parties where their german/swedish friends will be drinking etc. 
  if you 're a guy , go there with another guy holding hands and give him a quick kiss every once in a while . 
  fuck it , you have free healthcare so nothing to lose once you end up in hospital . 
  native swedes are some of the most tolerant , progressive people on the planet . 
  the government and media decided that a large number of people from the third world are also as progressive in their views of women , homosexuals and people who are n't the same religion as them so decided to import them because the only possible outcome was these third worlders becoming richer and the swedish government and media being able to feel good about themselves . 
  in the end it turns out importing uneducated , mostly religious bigots , with no job prospects and high birth rates will lead to large proportions of sweden becoming like the countries these people left . 
  it was immature , naive and germany is going the same way now . 
  and are these people receiving education in order to be more tolerant of equal rights for women and homosexuals ? 
  two of the areas in which sweden laid the groundwork will come under threat in the future when they become a majority , decide they 'd prefer homosexuality to be punished with death and vote for the islamic party that will inevitably pop up . 
  fucking hell , do n't do that . 
  the germans might have a panic attack that they 're becoming nazis again . 
  at least that 's what it seems like with their current guilt-ridden policies . 
  have a read about the response by the antifa crowd to pegida in germany and ireland and the false flag attacks by the far left in germany ( including a politician stabbing himself !!!!! ) . 
  i 'm just heading out but i 'll find links for you in the morning if you have n't yourself . 
  they can leave the eu then . 
  if they 're willing to give citizenship to millions of people from some of the most backwards cultures on the planet the rest of the eu should n't have to suffer . 
  i 've heard that there 's enough apathy towards learning irish as it is , let alone a foreign language . 
  i just think it 's rather unfair to see one specific 30 minutes as representative of the entire thing . 
  i wish these people would watch any other debate during the week , or the proceedings of the many committees that take place . 
  it 's funny how everyone bases their opinion of the commons on pmqs , which is the only time the vast majority of people will ever watch proceedings . 
  and you have a congress that only answers to rich , powerful people . 
  well done . 
  apart from the bill of rights that was passed nearly 100 years before the us even existed . 
  unfortunately freedom of speech was only protected in parliament , but the act is still on the books and free speech is n't the only thing that a bill of rights is good for . 
  it 's really not . 
  you 're wilfully ignoring those spanish puppeteers , dieudonn\u00e9 , and the many swedish and german people who have got themselves into trouble over anti-refugee posts . 
  i feel a lot more free in the uk than i ever did when i lived in the us for a few years , i can even cross the road without being arrested !, 
  they might technically be refugees but they 're still greedy wankers .
