  would you also defend her freedom of speech ? 
  i 'm obviously not connecting this to le pen , i 'm just curious what you think . 
  of course , i was not commenting about the ban . 
   her right to free speech not every country is the usa ... there 's a limit to it . 
  holy crap !, 
  did you play it ? 
  only over my cold , dead , and offline body . 
  wallachia here - i 'll only be able to play like 45 minutes from the start , anyone wants to take it after that ? 
  wallachia please !, 
  wait ... this has been an official symbol since the 90s ? 
  more like 70 years . 
  also canadian, 
  some do , at least in bucharest . 
  i had to ask the nurse for the password though :d, 
  wow what a non-argument , you did n't say anything that 's worth something nor did you counter what i said . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i did n't say :  let me tell you why your gay thoughts are retarded as someone who has it all figured out with my logics and facts and reason and truth i got from mentally ill 40 year olds posting on reddit from their bedrooms , unlike you stupid queers  oh btw did you know muslims muslims muslims islam islam sharia law and islam ? 
  spooky scary muslims !, 
  believe me or be afraid and die ok !!!, 
  i 'm just telling you , you guys are used as weapons by politicians while they let very intolerant people inside the eu . 
  you can close your eyes to all of this but people are still going to die from islamic terrorism , and most crimes against gays are done by muslims in western europe . 
  if you 're lgbt and you are ok with so many muslims coming over to europe you 're suicidal . 
   gun homicides is something you can fix . 
  that 's not a problem in europe for fucks sake . 
  and in america most deaths from guns are suicides and gangs fighting each other . 
  seriously stop pushing your bullshit . 
  most europeans do n't want guns anyway and what crime happens with guns it happens mostly in countries where guns are banned such as the uk . 
   not all terrorists are muslims . 
  most of them are , but not all . 
  i was talking about islamic terrorism . 
   9/11 aside , right wing terror attacks are pretty close in terms of casualties . 
  oh i see , you 've fallen to the propaganda and lies . 
  `` right wing extremism '' is the new moral panic . 
  in the 80s it was metal music and satanists in the 90s it was gays . 
  you 'll survive . 
  and you 're much , much more likely to die from an islamist terrorist , do n't be stupid for fucks sake . 
  do you know what far right groups do these days ? 
  concerts and for example in sweden they 're doing gay pride parades in muslim neighbourhoods . 
  they 're just trolls , do n't give me that bullshit . 
   terrorism is a problem , but people blow it out of proportion and things lead to more violence from right wing extremists the * actual * far right will rise if left wing politicians will fail even more . 
  it 's their faul 100 % if there 's any terrorism from the far right . 
  also for now it 's the far left going in the streets and burning cars and beating people , have you seen what happened in hamburg ? 
   this is a common misconception . 
  radical islam terrorists are just that , radicals . 
  they do n't preach classic islam but extremist interpretations of it . 
  all religions have extremist interpretations . 
  do you know how many `` moderate '' muslims support terrorism or sharia law ? 
  do n't give me that bullshit . 
  many muslims interpret islam literally with all the violenc in it because of their culture and lower iq , look it up , i 'm on phone and i 'm already writing too much . 
   bad guys can get them only if they are on the market . 
  have you heard about something called the black market ? 
  bad guys will get them anyway , with all the regulations in the world . 
   gun homicides is a problem you can fix . 
  they 'll just switch to knives . 
   sharp instrument crimes and other crimes like acid attacks can only be prevented if properly sanctioned . 
  that 's naive . 
   there 's literally no penalty for acid attacks in the uk . 
  there is , it 's called prison . 
   dude , that was exactly my point . 
  you 're peddling mindless xenophobia when you 're getting killed by your own people by knives . 
  brits are killing the most brits and they 're doing it with knives . 
  meanwhile , you 're focusing all of your attention on terrorist attacks and vilify all muslims . 
  this wo n't stop brits from killing brits with knives . 
  yeah ofc brits are killing the most brits it 's not a full scale invasion . 
  but you can stop muslim terrorism by not letting muslims with any connection to terrorist groups of leaders , or not letting muslims at all in your country . 
  you ca n't stop knife or gun crime . 
  you 're gon na need sci-fi cctv cameras following everyone to do that . 
  you can stop the root cause of it and ask yourself `` why are they killing eachother with knives , guns , etc. '' . 
  more gun control does n't do much . 
  you 're just letting bad guys get them and forbid it from law abiding citizens , there 's no going around this fact . 
  and they 're just gon na switch to knives or other stuff . 
  `` oh the same ammount of people die but hey at least it 's from being stabbed 10 times and not a few bullets ! '', 
   heterosexuals are so used to being catered to exclusively they get over the top angry when they are n't ugh ... dude , it 's not about that . 
  heterosexuals never had a `` straight pride '' parade . 
  in what way are heterosexuals `` catered to '' ? 
  and for fucks sake this is not a heterosexuals vs lgbt people thing . 
  it 's a `` assholes trying to limit the rights of lgbt people / are violent against lgbt people vs lgbt people + the rest '' thing . 
   do you know how rare it was to even have a gay character on tv when i was growing up ? 
  maybe , just maybe , it 's because you guys were and still are a tiny minority ? 
  like it is n't anyones fault . 
  but now you 're all over the internet and mainstream media and in films , music and what not , do you still feel you 're not represented ? 
  what i am trying to say , and what everyone else that thinks like that tries to say is that at this point in the western world you guys pretty much got your rights , with a few exceptions , and everyone living there got the memo . 
  not everyone sadly will agree that being gay is ok , but at the same time you ca n't brainwash or bully people into agreeing with you . 
  and let me tell you a little secret : lgbt people are used by politicians in the nastiest ways . 
  are you aware that the same politicians who claim to support lgbt rights want at the same time to bring in , and brought in , millions of muslims who are way , waaay more intolerant than your average western or even eastern eu citizen ? 
  i mean they beat gay people up for merely holding hands . 
  [ i had to dig a bit to find this , i wonder why ] . 
  ( https://wikiislam.net/wiki/persecution_of_homosexuals_ ( netherlands ) ) i mean those are people who some if not most of them come from countries where being gay is a crime punishable by execution for fucks sake !, 
   how does it bother me , any more than seeing ads for a genre of music that i do n't feel the need to go see ? 
  because it keeps telling me how to be a good or moral person and it 's not my parents , it 's either some company or the government . 
  would it bother you if those ads were really racist , homophobic , or bigoted ? 
  that 's my point , let 's push these kinds of things in countries where most of the population is in fact homophobic and oppressive , and at least convince those countries to stop treating homosexuality as a crime . 
  if world leaders care so much about tolerance and equality why do n't they push it in countries such as yours or saudi arabia , since it seems its fine if they push it here in europe ? 
  by this point everyone who uses the internet stumbled upon an article , forum post , or ad telling you how being racist is not good or being gay is not bad . 
   say no to rasism/homophobia is not the same as nazi propaganda . 
  it 's still propaganda and it can go `` off course '' . 
  look at the us : people going crazy for any minor little thing they deem as `` racist '' , `` bigoted '' or `` sexist '' . 
  it happens in europe too but to a lesser extent . 
   personally , i 'd rather they use the time to say ` say no to racism ' ** then ** ` buy this kind of beer ! ' . 
  now we 're talking !,
