refugees pay taxes ?? 
  that 's the least of the problems , unfortunatley . 
  the biggest problem is that teachers are underpayed and students not motivated , we can go on forever talking how shit the school system is , but i 'm gon na stop here :d, 
  it does n't matter if we have 10 students getting first place at olympiads and thousands of kids who finish school and do n't know shit : /, 
  put your tinfoil hat on !, 
  seems accurate . 
  that 's exactly what he said . 
  people on this sub ... 
  that sounds like a lot of bs . 
  it sounds like some kind of auschwitz what your great grandpa told you about . 
  again , i did not ask any questions . 
   therefore , your question `` there are 1.8 million refugees in turkey . 
  how many more do you think they can handle ? '', 
  is irrelevant to europe 's decision on immigrants and refugees . 
  not my question , just stating that answering a question with even more questions is not productive at all . 
  you hate it because it 's `` bad knowed in the world '' ?!, 
  the only bad thing i heard is the corruption of your politicians , but if you ask foreign people everyone will say good things about italy . 
  also you hate the history ?!, 
  what the hell ? 
  answering a question with 3 more questions , stay classy / r/europe, 
  well i guess it depends on the beer , i like ale that has 5 % alcohol , so if i drink 4 of those i will be at least a bit dizzy :d, 
  that sounds a bit much . 
  a beer is 0,5 l right ? 
  also the child porn , i mean that 's a dead giveaway, 
  oh man , tell me about it !, 
  i `` learned '' french for 10 years , do n't know shit yet i still had 10s ( a ) until recentley a new teacher decided to actually teach us french . 
  i have no idea of how the justice system in norway works , but for fucks sake all the evidence is there , they got ta find something . 
  it 's not . 
  but when the same guy has addresses of children and their names from social media , the taser , and cp , i think you can connect it . 
  [ or this ! ] ( http://youtu.be/0q8cmmonpvo ) . 
  oh man , i played this on my ps2 so much . 
  whoops , that 's me replying at 4 am ... 
  i thought you said 95 % of all crimes were commited by romanians , my bad . 
  i was surprised because we usually hear about romanian thieves in britain or france , not switzerland . 
  you said if they are looking for a criminal , if they found the criminal in my opinion it 's not really relevant , i thought you did n't read his comment correctly . 
  source ? 
  he said `` if they are n't searching '', 
  again , not saying they are allowed asylum or not , just saying they are not `` living just fine where they 're at '' . 
  because i see a lot of people on this sub saying this . 
  i did n't say they are allowed asylum or not , my point is that i see a lot of people believing that they ( refugees/migrants , however you want to call them ) were living just fine in their countries , which just is n't true . 
  as i said , most of them are leaving their countries because they are in danger , oppressed , etc. , not just `` dirty illegal migrants wanting to live off the states money '' . 
  that 's what i wanted to say . 
  i really do n't get why so many people on this subreddit just close their eyes when it comes to the situations these people are in . 
  from this article [ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24583286] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24583286 ) i see that most migrants come from countries such as eritrea or syria . 
  torture you say ? 
  imprisonment ? 
  well [ eritrea ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/eritrea ) has that covered for you . 
  oppresive regime , one party , sounds like a communist regime , and i remember a lot of people wanted to flee and did flee communist regimes , and nobody said `` oh why are they coming here they were doing just fine !, 
  '' , not to talk about poverty . 
  and do n't tell me you do n't know what happened and still is happening in syria . 
  i 'm not saying we should/could welcome them all , i 'm just saying we should at least aknowledge their circumstances . 
  someone else here said were all only speculating because we do n't really know where/why they 're coming , but i see only anti-dirty-african immigrant speculating is accepted ... 
  i 'll leave this here [ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalism] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalism ) . 
  while related they are not the same thing . 
  also there 's different kinds on nationalism . 
  but for simplicity 's sake , patriotism is wishing/doing things good for your country , respecting said country 's traditions/history etc. 
  while nationalism is all of the above but also hating al the other countries in the process . 
  you 're confusing nationalism with patriotism ... 
  wait , what ? 
  i thought patriotism was about loving/standing up for your country , not thinking you 're superior . 
  next time do n't feed the trolls , please . 
  you realise they are fleeing from war ? 
  but this riot is stupid anyway . 
  stuff like that happens to me too !, 
  it 's reddit magic !, 
  that 's europe 's cultural attitude ? 
  if you 're gon na repost , repost something good ... 
  she 's stupid and i think she only has that position because her dad pulled some strings or some shit . 
  also she really did n't do anything . 
  in romania pretty much everyone from teens to adults use whatsapp . 
  how ignorant can you be ? 
  i 'm pretty sure quite a lot of european countries need their citizens to get a visa to visit the usa, 
  fuck this piece of shit, 
  it 's ok , there was no damage done , it 's just that for a lot of people here ( myself included ) this was the first quake that we felt/were awake for . 
  my monitor and chair trembled a bit , heard a weird sound , but for people at higher floors it was a bit more powerful . 
  i was shitting my pants but it 's all good . 
  ikr , to me that fucked up the game , like everything that happened after that was like `` nope , this is not how the game would 've played out '' gg portugal tho . 
  also it was a pretty funny moment cause the commentator here was like  it appears there 's a hand . 
   yeah , it 's clearly a hand there . 
   a black hand !, 
   yeah , that 's a black hand !, 
  oh god , the referee made a big mistake !, 
  ayyyyyyy, 
  albania , the texas of europe, 
  your logic gave me a headache, 
   and so on and on . 
  [ zizek is this you ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/yfzzdr6jh-i ), 
  england ( sub ) after the great crusade against the ottos , england was weak , with its manpower low and short on money . 
  i managed to rebuild the army , i built some ships , kicked out the 0/0/0 king and almost catched up on tech , annexed an irish vassal . 
  england and france made a military exercise for a day but because of my 3k army i was humiliated :( . 
  if i will not abdicate my throne , i am interested in joining the ea . 
  btw , can we have a minigame if the main player comes back ? 
  if i lose the war of the roses he gets it back . 
  maybe bologna had a bad day in / u/hells88 's photo, 
  golden horde is proposing an eastern alliance between the islamic brothers of ottomans and qara qoyunlu . 
  with muscovy closing in and various crusades by the european infidels we must unite under one cause : to protect the islamic faith . 
  the voivode of wallachia was on vacation last game and could not attend but i 'll be able to now . 
  well it looks like le pen might have broken a french law by posting those beheadings , now if she lost immunity also because of a shady political game that 's possible , i do n't know much about french politics . 
  now about free speech , in my country there 's a wonderful woman that 's spreading misinformation about vaccines and all of a sudden now we have epidemics and babies dying because their parents think vaccines make their kids sick and shit .
