   it 's less prevalent then tampon commercials on tv . 
  i do n't think we 're watching the same channels then . 
  during champions league `` say no to racism '' ad was on all the time , [ there even was a a bit of an outrage over on / r/soccer ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/6r38ol/uefa_yes_to_racism/ ) about this subject recently . 
   or the new samsung ads that are everywhere in the streets . 
  do things like these bother you aswell ? 
  would you say the same if there were ads for the local nazi party all over town ? 
  the problem with the ads i 'm talking about is that i do n't need to be scolded every single time about racism or anything else when i open up the tv or load the reddit page . 
  samsung ads do n't tell me i 'm a good or moral person for buying their products . 
   a lot of people live under rocks , rocks in this case largely being segregated communities of the religious variety . 
  so what are you gon na do , bust in their church topless and with a ponytail buttplug up your ass just as a `` fuck you '' ? 
  you do n't stop homophobes by bullying them , you 're just gon na get them pissed off . 
  and by the way are there many `` hate crimes '' in the netherlands based on sexual orientation or ... ? 
  i mean if someone thinks that a gay guy is the antichrist that 's their opinion , physically attacking him is another story completely . 
   as for the legitimization and strengthening of racist groups : that shit ai n't gon na fly here . 
  i thought the same about norway then breivik happened . 
  and by the way by `` legitimising '' i do n't mean that their views are justified just because the country is pushing a certain thing forward , but because ** they will feel ** leigitimised and fight back , be it in their own propaganda or other actions against the mainstream propaganda . 
   the netherlands has been a country of diversity before it was cool , and luckily a lot of people are willing to see it stay that way . 
  exactly , are n't you guys already super tolerant and open about all these things ? 
  i do n't see the need for the media pushing it any further . 
  i mean have your parades , whatever . 
  i just do n't want to be bashed with ads about these things all the time . 
  doing it for the sake of screwing people that disagree is just gon na legitimise and strengthen fringe racist/anti-lgbt movements to the point that they 're gon na be more or less `` mainstream '' , as has happened to the alt-right in the usa and at this point it 's becoming borderline brainwashing , seeing it over and over again . 
  like i said everyone got the message in europe if they do n't live under a rock or are not old . 
  no , but what i mean by `` shoving it down your throat '' is that i keep seeing all this lgbt stuff everywhere i go on the internet and the media keeps pushing on this subject , it got everywhere . 
  as someone who is n't a a * racist sexist bigot homophobe transphobe islamophobe * i 'm sick of getting bombarded by the media , institutions , reddit posts , tv , etc. 
  with `` say no to racism '' , gay pride , feminist ads or events . 
  like i get it fifa , i am saying no to racism : i 'm playing football with african immigrants at my local park , now leave me alone and stop showing me close ups of sweaty athletes faces , it 's gross . 
   but until everyone gets the message that being gay is as normal/human as not liking a certain type of food everyone got it , there 's no need to shove it down our throats repeatedly . 
  the ones that are still homophobes got the message as well , it just so happens that they disagree with it for whatever cultural , religious reasons or that 's just how they think . 
  the countries that `` need '' these kinds of parades are not in western europe . 
  something about a solution ... 
  leftists do n't understand basic economics . 
  the proof is the amount of upvotes this post got . 
   the sub barely had 35k subscribers , but look at us both now that 's because it was n't a default sub . 
  now if you register an account from europe you 're autosubbed here . 
  * not real anarchism * tells us what it 's about then . 
  simply telling people they `` have no clue '' does n't help anyone unless you bring some info to the table about the subject . 
  i know right , every damn thread someone has to say that the soviets were not * reeeeaaaaaal * socialism or whatever . 
  i 'm tired of having to explain how socialism sucks . 
  what is worrying me is that besides lazy teenagers , there are plenty of adults who actually believe in socialism/communism . 
  i do n't even have to argue why capitalism is not immoral , because capitalism is better in practice than socialism , because with capitalism you have free markets and with socialism you have the state controlling the economy which is always bad . 
  just look at the world now . 
  all the nice stuff you have is because of capitalism . 
  the state `` seizing the means of production '' would n't be amending any `` injustice '' . 
  it would just create a new one . 
  if i built some machinery that produces an object , and i need 5 people to operate it , in your stupid logic i 'd be enslaving those 5 people if i hired them even though i paid them a fair salary , because i 'm `` stealing surplus value '' . 
  when in fact i just created jobs for these 5 people so they can bring bread home , and it was all consensual : you guys are gon na work for me , i 'll make money , you 'll make money . 
  who 's gon na make more money ? 
  me , of course , cause i created their jobs in the first place , and it 's not like i 'm not doing anything after that , i have to manage the business . 
  who the hell would want to open any business if they would n't make a profit ? 
  but if the state comes along and confiscates my business that 's theft . 
  if the workers beat me up and steal my machinery that 's theft , and evil , considering the scenario that i was paying them a fair share . 
  now let 's say the state has the means of production . 
  good job , you have a new , more incompetent , worse boss : the state . 
  and good luck building communism cause you wo n't get there . 
  if you think the state will give its powers back to the `` people '' once you reach communism you 're naive at best . 
  if your economy wo n't collapse in the meantime of course . 
  ( hint : it will collapse cause the state sucks at everything ), 
  it is not practical nor moral . 
  in a nutshell : it 's not practical because central planning sucks ( look today at china with all their ghost towns and highways no one uses because they were built just to legitimise some bureaucrats and government workers salaries ) and it is not moral because it is based on theft ( private property is stolen by the state from `` the people '' they oh love so much ) seriously , it pisses me off so much that people even say `` oh communism is a good idea on paper but bad in practice '' . 
  no , it 's bad on paper and bad in practice . 
   but i 'm going to say that in a situation * where most people inherit their wealth and not gain it themselves * there 's not much data on that but i do believe that most of the wealth is indeed inherited , though i would say that around 60 % of the wealth is inherited ( i did just pull this number out of my ass ) and not 90 % or what number people would use . 
  and i do n't see the problem in people inheriting wealth . 
  i mean would n't you want your parents house or money after they pass away , considering they wanted you to inherit them ? 
  i know it 's not really the same thing but it works the same with a company or whatever . 
  if my parents made a billion dollars cause they were successful and they wanted the money to be mine after they pass away i do n't see anything wrong with that , because i think the problem is not this specifically . 
  it 's what people do with the money , or factory , or company . 
  if they do n't put it back in the economy and just save it it like old people hoard stuff or run the company , factory , restaurant badly there 's the problem , but still the government or `` the people '' do n't have the moral high ground to just get their money ( aka stealing it ) . 
   it 's rather strange to claim that people who did n't inherit and do n't have the means to uphold even basic living standards for themselves should n't be angry or should n't ask for more . 
  this is more complicated , and i would argue that this is not a problem in first world countries like western europe or north america because let 's be honest : if you study ( useful stuff like stem not gender studies ) , graduate high school and get in a university there 's no way you will not find at least a decent paying job and if there 's no jobs in your country especially now with the eu you can search for one in the other 27 countries in the union , or other countries . 
  what i want to say is that it 's counterproductive to say to people they 're not gon na succeed because they did n't inherit shit and the rich are rich * just because * they inherited the wealth . 
  it 's just gon na make people bitter . 
  and it 's not true . 
   after all , resources are created together , so why should their profits only support the few ? 
  in old factory towns it 's extremely visible when jobs and money come from one foundry ( etc ) let 's work with your example . 
  if there was no foundry and most of the wealth was made by that foundry what jobs and what wealth would the people have ? 
  if the workers are paid correctly i do n't see the problem with the owner of the foundry having a nice house ( or * nicer * house ) if he came up with the business or his son inherited it and runs the business just fine . 
  i mean the guy who started the business offered the jobs to those people . 
  if the workers think they are not treated correctly they can get together and start their rival foundry or something else . 
  but here is the thing that nobody talks about : not everyone can do that . 
  that 's why you have people like bill gates and people working in a mine somewhere . 
  not saying working in a mine is easier or harder , or it 's for `` the plebs '' . 
  it 's just that a miner will never make as much money * as someone like bill gates , and it 's fair . 
  one created i do n't know how many jobs and offered services people need/enjoy/want and the other is working a hard and honorable job but at the end of the day he is not giving to the world as much as bill gates did . 
  how many people can be miners in this world and how many people can create operating systems ( in the case of bill gates recognizing the potential for operating systems to be sold separately from the hardware at the time ** ) ? 
  i think you know the answer . 
  i 'm not stroking bill gates dick here ( too much ) i 'm just using him as an example . 
  and i have another example with him . 
  bill gates is the richest man in the world with a net worth of 89,1 billion dollars , and he did n't inherit that . 
  he was raised in a pretty rich family but he made the money with microsoft . 
  now as you know bill gates is a us citizen . 
  us population is 321,4 million . 
  let 's say his wealth was inherited and * that 's a no-no for the government * ( let 's say america is super socialist in this scenario or whatever ) and they confiscate his wealth and give it to the people . 
   89,100,000,000 / 321,400,000 = 277.2 $ great , you just robbed bill gates and gave everyone 277 dollars . 
  that 's ... not much . 
  and it 's not like it 's monthly . 
  it 's a one time thing . 
  sure the government can use it to fund stuff , not just give it away . 
  but bill gates already gives to charity and research and stuff , it 's not like he keeps it all to himself . 
   and the men very clearly see the mansion of the owner and the lifestyle he has purely by the work men do on the foundry that 's just not true as i explained .
