  the double standard and whataboutism in this thread is through the roof . 
  lenin was so progressive !, 
  / s e : always happy to piss off some commies , 
   are you for real ? 
  i would n't want to pick fruits even if they paid me my current salary . 
  maybe if they double or tripple it , but i think i would still prefer staying and doing something i like . 
  plenty of people who did n't do anything with their lives , did n't study , or are just plain stupid and woke up in their 20s or something would love to do a low skill job and live just as fine as most other people who do more important stuff , like i dunno , inventing shit . 
   why not ? 
  it 's important work , how come we as a society would not pay these people a decent wage ? 
  they 're payed what they 're worth , again , if the employer is n't doing illegal stuff . 
  and money does n't grow on trees , the money has to come from somewhere , and the farmers that are employing these people are not millionaires , for example . 
   like are you for real ? 
  have you ever met a scientist ? 
  did you think when einstein was doing his job he was thinking about a better salary or you know the pleasure of developing and discovering new things . 
  if you think money is a good motivator you are wrong , it in fact hinders creative thinking and innovation . 
  again if all these shitty jobs would have a `` decent pay '' where would that money come from ? 
  oh let me guess , from the `` 1 % '' held at gunpoint ? 
   no , you seem to be arguing that people are at fault . 
  but that 's not true , because it depends on the money they have . 
  suppose a 100 people want to give money to cancer research but they have 1 dollar each , and one guy has 1000 dollar and he likes entertainment and does n't give a fuck about medical research he will pay the 1000 to football . 
  and now we have a brilliant kid who could become a medical researcher or footballer , but he will earn 10x more as footballer , so the logical decision would be to play football . 
  so while `` people '' wanted cancer research , money dictates it goes to football instead you 're going against your previous argument here :  did you think when einstein was doing his job he was thinking about a better salary or you know the pleasure of developing and discovering new things . 
  and i think einstein was a `` brilliant kid '' . 
  also you went around my argument there . 
  the football business , like pretty much all businesses relies on the consumers which are the fans . 
  if the fans would n't go to stadiums to see the matches and they would n't buy all kinds of merch associated with it and all the talk and hype about teams and so on , there would be very little to no money left for the sport . 
  no demand , no to very little supply . 
  you 're gon na get corrupt assholes at the top in any system , like the bankers that gamble with other peoples money . 
  if the governments would stop bailing out banks though , then we 'd be talking . 
   second without cleaners and fruit-pickers there can be no doctors . 
  or at least they would be useless . 
  yeah but you 're not gon na raise a family working as a street cleaner or fruit-picker . 
  you 're gon na do that and in the mean time work on getting a better job , that 's how it 's supposed to work , you go up the ladder . 
  if these kinds of jobs are well paid what will be the motivation to innovate , explore , etc. ? 
  `` i can live well just picking fruits , life 's good ! '', 
   third are you saying one high paid football player is indeed worth more than a team of medical specialists ? 
  no , it just shows what the people want . 
  for example football ( soccer ) : millions of people tune in to champions league or the world cup , many buy the gear of their favourite team , soccer balls , a lot of people talk about matches , the players , etc. 
  now how many care about cancer research for example ? 
  well , it looks like more people care about that cool goal messi scored than other more important things . 
  how many people gamble their money on sports and how many donate to medical research ? 
  see what i mean ? 
  it does . 
  it 's just that sweat from picking up fruits is less valuable than sweat from performing a surgery , or working your brain like crazy to cure a disease , or the sweat from the stress of starting a business , etc. 
  it does n't mean the world is a just place but this is the most just system we 've got . 
  e : well if you 're gon na edit your comment after the discussion is over , i 'll do the same . 
   it 's just a basic fact what i wrote , it 's a myth that money follows contribution . 
  in most cases money does follow contribution . 
  it wo n't follow contribution when whoever you work for is a corrupt asshole , or has bias towards you or other people . 
  if you feel that way what you do is you leave the job and find another one , there 's plenty of other businesses looking for hard working people that they 're gon na pay accordingly , this is the best part about a free economy , you have choices . 
   you all basically buying into the just-world_hypothesis , which is delusional . 
  as i said in this comment :  it does n't mean the world is a just place but this is the most just system we 've got . 
  learn to read and stop believing this socialism crap . 
  i mean if you work such low skilled jobs like picking up fruits what do people expect , to work 6 hours and live like kings ? 
  if the employer does n't do illegal or shady shit , at the end of the day you 're paid what you 're worth . 
  [ better than the other * creature * ] ( https://youtu.be/2gyplppmbxi ) and we 've elected psd ffs !, 
  see , it goes both ways . 
  it 's alright you have football fans and romanian bakers to protect you from terrorists , along with the police , 
  i do n't mean for there to be soldiers patrolling the streets like a warzone 24/7 with all kinds of gear , but i think that after these attacks every single policeman should have a pistol on them . 
  anyway good to hear the security is increasing . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i was just suggesting something that was going to help the situation , unlike theresa may 's further regulating the internet or sadiq khan 's nice words . 
  i mean you guys ( i 'm guessing you 're british ) were not fighting the ira with batons , right ? 
  ~ ~ i bet you defended trump for everything he said that the media got out of context as well / s ~ ~ i thought you were the american guy , sorry . 
  yeah i think they should be ready for terror attacks ( from their own citizens taking matters into their own hands and islamists ) if they let all kinds of messed up people in their country . 
  what the mayor said was dust in the wind anyway , and he used some pretty bad wording for this particular issue . 
  and slowly terror attacks are actually getting trivialised , just in the case of the london bridge attack you 've got stuff like the photo of that guy casually walking down the street away from the people being stabbed , with a beer in hand or another guy in a pub that was more concerned about not offending muslims rather than not being stabbed to death ( when they were evacuated someone shouted `` fkin muslims '' and he was like `` oh come on you cunt we do n't know who did this '' ) oh and when i suggested that maybe they should arm their police force properly ( a policeman fought knife wielding terrorists with a baton ) i was downvoted . 
  but it 's ok their lovely mayor is protecting them , it 's just one of his many other jobs . 
  yeah , sure . 
  trivializing terror attacks ... 
  burning alive is just part and parcel of living in a big city . 
  [ here ] ( http://data2.unhcr.org/en/situations/mediterranean ) ( 72 % of refugees/migrants from jan of this year are men ) , [ here ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/08/02/4-asylum-seeker-demography-young-and-male/ ) and do n't give me that propaganda bullshit . 
  all news networks are propaganda . 
  between cnn , bbc , etc and rebel media i 'd rather trust rebel media . 
  the refugee/migrant crisis was bullshit anyway . 
  how to get voters ? 
  kiss the ass of muslims . 
  get muslims into your country . 
  give them citizenship , welfare and there you go you got your future voters . 
  call anyone who calls this out a bigot and you 've solved that problem as well . 
  the mostly male fighting age migrants `` myth '' was also confirmed by my friend who went in italy , volunteering for the red cross . 
  they took pictures with the migrants they helped . 
  all men/teens ... 
  i guess my friend works for rebel media and is being `` deceptive '', 
  [ you 're probably gon na shurg it off anyway cause it 's not some `` mainstream media '' but here is a quick video ] ( https://youtu.be/vsg4gbi7hey ) ... what do you see ? 
  the only woman there was the reporter . 
  ** blatant sexism ** / s, 
  instead of censoring the internet , the uk should arm all their policemen with guns so a cop does n't have to beat knife wielding terrorists with a baton ... e : [ whoopsy downvoted for telling the truth ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/london-attack-single-police-officer-took-terrorists-armed-baton-borough-a7772251.html ), 
  i liked it , but my stomach was fucked up for 2 days . 
  since then i can not drink cola , fanta , stuff like that without feeling ill . 
  it 's for the better anyway . 
  i just drink beer now . 
  how is it about religion ? 
  15 year old student with 40 year old teacher is weird/taboo anyway . 
  if the roles were reversed everyone would be shouting `` pedo '' to macron , let 's be honest . 
  soviets are very comparable to the nazis , they just commited atrocities for different reasons . 
  the moldovan language is literally fake news . 
  the russians ( during the soviet era ) wanted to re-write history to separate moldovans ( romanians living in the historical province of moldova ) from romanians . 
  shocked is not the right word , more like pleasantly surprised , 
  it 's possible , but i said it would solve their terrorism problem because most terrorism is from the pkk and other kurdish militant groups .
