  edit : * and ** edit : gee i write all of this shit and i get downvoted and the guy who does n't want to discuss and goes for a short * false * moral argument gets upvoted . 
  this is the problem in today 's society : people do n't want to put in the effort but want all the benefits and will only hear what he wants to hear . 
  that 's why young people like socialism so much . 
  downvote me to oblivion but at the same time tell me where i 'm wrong . 
  if you downvote put in the effort to counter what i said , that 's how it should work . 
  if your argument is any good i may join your side , and your comment will probably get upvoted , it 's a win-win , but it 's too hard apparently . 
  communism and socialism are evil ideologies anyway . 
  they 're based on theft and they prey on the less educated that ca n't think for themselves to see that communism is a utopian dream that ca n't be achieved . 
  and socialism is just bad economics . 
  i do n't understand this either . 
  if you look up stuff for yourself soviets ( and communists for that matter ) and nazis are very similar . 
  the main difference is that the nazis were nationalists and the soviets were internationalists . 
  both had massive censorship , if you did n't adhere to the ideology you were sent to concentration camp/gulag , and so on . 
  the bottom line is this : both nazi germany and the ussr were authoritarian , totalitarian regimes , both hitler and stalin had a massive personality cult , they were like religious zealots but with ideologies and they both commited terrible crimes against humanity in the name of the ideology they believed in . 
  i mean , you 'd think everyone would agree with this in this day and age but nope you still have commies and nazis . 
  edit : grammar, 
  thank god germany had a strong leader like hitler so we can enjoy beautiful highways like this ** / s ** ^ do n't ^ kill ^ me ^ pls, 
  who would have thought , idiots from the far left are like idiots from the far right . 
  shutting down people because they 're from the us and also using whataboutism when instead you could list what merkel did right ... stay classy dude . 
  while i of course agree that antifa does not represent the left in any country , they * are * leftists . 
  they are retarded , unemployed , weird , scum of the earth , stupid , etc. 
  but they are leftists . 
  saying they 're `` fascist militias '' bends the truth quite a bit . 
  well tell me then how antifa ca n't get real guns in the usa , they 're active there as well . 
  they are liberated once every 5 years , duh !, 
  that 's like , basic shit dude . 
  well i have n't seen people in this sub openly praising hitler either , but there are people who say good things about these kinds of people and ideologies , or try to push a positive way to look at them , which i am fine with ... but : my point is that most of the time the discussion only goes one way ( only ban nazis ) and the people at the other extreme side are left alone to witchhunt in many cases imaginary nazis and extreme right wingers . 
  what about praising stalin , mao , and other mass murderers ? 
  oh come on now , do n't be islamophobic . 
  the stats he showed me were for romania and i went over them in more detail in another comment in this thread . 
  i do n't know much about the stats for this in western countries but i blame feminism for it . 
  asking the hard questions . 
  ^ ^ hint : ^ ^ it ^ ^ was ^ ^ water ^ ^ from ^ ^ the ^ ^ firefighters, 
   you 're under some kind of delusion that romania would receive the same amount of help as germany or france to rebuild after the war . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  it 's just that we would be better off in the end , and without the crimes against humanity and totalitarian shit that the communists did . 
  you 're the delusional one here going around defending communism , blaming the birth rates of post-communist government of romania ( which was still being run by former communists ) for lifting the ban from abortions and contraceptives . 
  if they did n't do that there would probably be even more people leaving from romania at that time . 
  dude you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  we would be much better off if we were not under commie control from '47 to ' 89 , period . 
  stop defending totalitarian regimes in countries you do n't know much about . 
   if you discount immigration every country in western europe has below more deaths than births in their native population . 
  are they victims of communism also ? 
  did n't you read my whole post ? 
  here :  my point is that romania would n't have such a big decline and we would have a bigger population learn to read and stop wasting my time . 
  we would still be in decline just as the west but not in this way , and our population would be bigger because less people would emigrate . 
  i get that you guys had a much better time in communism than the rest of eastern europe , but you were the exception . 
  but i thought the pope was more into bridges than walls ? 
  well who would have thought , if you do n't let crazy people stay in your country you have less problems . 
  so are you proving my point ? 
  without the totalitarian communist regime there would be no need to rebuild after the mistakes of the commie regime , if there was none , right ? 
  so not so many * people leaving the country , no brain drain ? 
  e : *  xenophiles were leaving as far as 1880s , what are you talking about ? 
  you will always have people leaving the countries for one reason or another but you ca n't compare the number leaving from 1880s to 1990s , c'mon now . 
   so you would say it 's the fault of the policies of todays government , and not of the communist/soviet one ? 
  the fault of todays government to give more freedom than the communist one ? 
  are you ok ? 
   it has really nothing to do with economy or communism , since `` in the civilized world '' the have the exact same issue . 
  i just told you that everything that happened in romania during communism , had everything to do with communism , and i gave you a source , with a decree by the communist government of romania , forcing women to give birth , because they banned contraception and abortion . 
  people are not gon na stop having sex , even at the risk of having children they maybe do n't want . 
  my point is that romania would n't have such a big decline and we would have a bigger population , and we would be better off in pretty much every way if we were n't in the eastern bloc . 
  the communist regime left much bigger , more problematic marks in the romanian society than just birth rates ( like the brain drain i mentioned ) . 
  and the high birth rates romania had then were forced . 
  i got a bit heated there , sorry . 
  let me explain . 
   you would say that life now is better than under communism in romania ? 
  yes ? 
   so why were people having more children in an even shittier country than now ? 
  looking at the table from 1947 to 1955 there 's a growth in birth rates , after the war , rebuilding/building process , people start fucking , whatever . 
  then from 1955 to 1966 theres a pretty huge decline , from around 425k to 273k . 
  well , it 's pretty clear to me that the communist ideology is in full swing calling for women to start working and build their careers rather than building families . 
  then this thing happened :  [ through a combination of modernization of the romanian community , the high participation of women in the labor market and a low standard of living , the number of births significantly decreased since the 1950s , reaching its lowest value in 1966 . 
  however , the leaders saw the decreasing number of births mainly as a result of the decree issued in 1957 that legalized abortion . 
   to counter this sharp decline of the population , the communist party decided that the romanian population should be increased from 23 to 30 million inhabitants . 
  in october 1966 , [ 1 ] decree 770 was authorized by ceau\u0219escu . 
  abortion and contraception were declared illegal , except for :  women over 45 ( later lowered to 40 )  women who had already borne four children ( later raised to five )  women whose life would be threatened by carrying to term , due to medical complications  women who were pregnant through rape and/or incest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decree_770 ) of course , birth rates go sky rocketing up , then go down , a bit up , and keep going down after the 70s when romania was in decline in everything because of poor economic decisions in the name of a shitty ideology . 
  everything was forced under communism , if the `` great leader '' says he wants 5 million people more , he 's forcing women to give birth . 
  if he wants them to stop and get in the factory , he 's gon na do that . 
  so more people had children in an even shittier country because they were forced . 
   so after romania stopped being a communist country the birthrates dropped because of communism ? 
  but they were fine while communism ruled because of capitalism ? 
  the birth rates dropped because women were no longer forced to have children , and hundreds of thousands of people started emigrating to the west . 
  that 's also part of the reason , yes . 
  do you live here ? 
  those stats just show that people do n't want to have kids in a shitty country . 
  also birth rates went down after ww2 in romania because of communism , more women started getting into the workforce , so more time for the career and less time for the family . 
  e : grammar e2 : also birth rates went down after the revolution because so many people started leaving . 
  less women less birth rates ... 
  the argument that uniforms will help reduce bullying is bullshit anyway . 
  bullies will bully . 
  it does n't matter if it 's because of your face , your clothes , if you 're smart or dumb . 
  i went to schools that had uniforms and that did n't have them , and bullying was still the same . 
  the only thing that reduces bullying from my own experience ( i just finished high school ) is a mix of having a bit of muscle on you/be a big guy , make as many relations with the people around you , hang around the `` popular '' kids and overall have a strong attitude . 
  nobody is gon na bully a cool kid . 
  that 's just how it is , for better or for worse . 
  yep , we had some [ afghani immigrants a while back that got lost and when they found out they were in romania they started crying ] ( https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/8gkvjp/afghan-refugees-in-romania-crying-not-hungary-876 ) , sry for vice link , this is the only article i found in english . 
  it has to do with everything . 
  if it was n't for communism we would n't have had so many people fleeing the east , at least here in romania . 
  even today a lot of people want to leave because as many people say here , communism held us back years in terms of development , education , technology , etc. 
  we would probably still be in decline but not so much and we would n't have experienced the brain drain after the revolution .
