  it 's a bit of a shame to break it up , and she 's going to be more attuned to tradition than most people , in part because she * is * the tradition , but in part because she 's an old lady . 
  she 's not going to go mental and raise an army to take it back like in the good old days . 
  i think the point is that she does n't expressly support a party or a politician , but has an opinion on specific policies or actions . 
  maybe not even that . 
  easier said than done unfortunately . 
  my training is in physics , which you 'd think would open up a lot of doors but it 's not so widely applicable as it seems . 
  i 've been looking nationwide for the types of job i want , in the energy industry , but getting nowhere with it , and of course i ca n't change location without some money behind me . 
  i 'm sure it 's just a matter of time but it 's a bit frustrating seeing stats about how great the job market is when from where i 'm sitting there 's nothing i can do . 
  unemployed graduate here . 
  i do n't know where you live but in my area ( geographically and professionally ) the job market is not * very good * . 
  well it 's a rapid reaction force . 
  i ca n't imagine what else it would be meant for . 
  i do n't mean to imply that italy should go it alone , but it 's in a better position geographically to deal with issues in the med than say , denmark . 
  i would have thought france would do more considering how anti-immigration they seem to be . 
  all that crime but we still do n't need to shoot each other . 
  i think that says more about the inefficiency of american police . 
  that 's how we beat the nazis, 
  the idea of armed police is very alien to us . 
  whenever i go on holiday and see a foreign policeman wandering about with an mp5 it makes me uneasy . 
  i did indeed , oops . 
  nobody else seems to have noticed my stupid blunder , you win an upvote . 
  ben nevis is n't that difficult to climb though . 
  it 's demanding , but you can just walk up it , without needing training or several days to make it to the top . 
  i 'd like to climb ben nevis but the hardest part of the ordeal is driving all the way up to scotland . 
  i like how the mars one is nearly a thousand times taller than the biggest one on earth . 
  olympus mons is so big that if you stand at the base and look up it , the peak is over the horizon . 
  do n't take our hill jokes seriously ^ ^ please ^ ^ keep ^ ^ making ^ ^ bacon, 
  and a boat, 
  ironically , my favourite drink is a white russian . 
  because i 'm not an awkward ponce i normally have vodka and lemonade though . 
  i do n't really drink much though . 
  day to day i drink mostly water , occasionally coffee and green tea . 
  not a big ` proper ' tea drinker but i 've been having quite a lot recently . 
  i go through phases of liking it . 
  i know i 'm the ignorant englishman who does n't speak anything else , but having posts in other languages will exclude anyone who does n't speak them . 
  the idea is that we all understand english , for better or worse , so in using it everyone can communicate with everyone else . 
  i know it can be a political issue , but this is an american website after all . 
  do n't misunderstand , i do n't mean to tell you not to speak your language , but that 's probably why people downvote you when you try . 
  personally if it looks interesting i 'll google translate it anyway . 
   als bloody europeans , coming to our sub , taking our jobs , do n't even speak english , grumble grumble, 
  to be fair , / r/europe gets its fair share of `` i am an american visiting europe please plan my holiday '' posts too, 
  do n't worry about it . 
  worst case scenario you will look like a tourist . 
  considering you are one it 's no big deal . 
  take that , sweden !, 
  i was best in class at history and we never touched on passchendaele . 
  i first heard of it in that iron maiden song and did a bit of wikipedia research , but that was years ago now and i could only really vaguely tell you about it . 
  different schools teach different things . 
  that 's about the average scale for them in britain , sometimes a bit bigger and a statue instead of a cross if it 's a city . 
  well the uk is in europe . 
  i think his point is that if you 've moved to europe from elsewhere , do n't go round smashing european shops and pinching european ipods in order to further some cause from where you came from . 
  i trust the germans more than the americans at the moment . 
  at least german spying organisations will manage their data properly and not allow leaks like the nsa is bound to do at any minute . 
  well it was 10km up in the air, 
  how can 47 be unknown ? 
  surely the airline and schiphol have records of who got on board ? 
  you 'd think they could sell them to somebody else , or put the price up or something . 
  why is it ok for the us to not care until 23 citizens die , but `` sickening '' when the eu does the same thing ? 
   why do brits fear the eu because it has `` too much power , '' but not david cameron because cameron is british and not some * filthy continental . 
  * at least this way the power stays in britain !, 
  / s people really think this way . 
  it does n't help that the media kick up a huge fuss when it 's europe but largely ignore it when it 's our own government . 
  ca n't imagine why ... 
  i thought it was interesting , and about as useful as anything posted on reddit . 
  i agree with you 100 % . 
  glorious empire or not , metric is superior and we should both wise up and adopt it . 
  we 'll just ignore the part about it being french . 
  what is there to complain about ? 
  i bet they could make a killing if they did a big enough launch . 
  there 's a pretty big gap in the market for mexican food , especially takeaway . 
  it would stand out from fish & chips/chicken/kebab / burgers pretty well . 
  you should look at the results for the recent european elections . 
  right wing parties had great results . 
  europe * is * in general a lot more left than the us , but the right exists and is active , make no mistake . 
  the street level bit is nice , but that was nice enough before . 
  the platforms are still as grim as ever . 
  you could make your own sub , if you wanted . 
  or try to get mod status on one of the dead boards , and revitalise it . 
  seconding . 
  the freedom jokes are getting pretty old now . 
  brit here . 
  i enjoy slipping `` soccer '' into the middle of a sentence with no pause , and watching people not know whether it 's better to interrupt me or let it go . 
  you mean glorious imperial units . 
  it 's probably based on whatever the most common one is . 
  the uk has at least one toll motorway , possibly a few , but the vast majority are free . 
  i do n't know about the numbers in spain but i assume there must be more of one kind than the other . 
   it would make sense if every country had the same rules to make it easier for travel . 
  i agree with you 100 % , but i do n't really think we 're in a position to call for this sort of thing , what with being the only country in europe to stubbornly drive on the left and use mph . 
  much as i 'd like to believe it 's trolling , i think people really are that stupid . 
  when the tsunami hit japan a few years ago ( the one of fukushima fame ) lots of old right wing americans claimed it was `` god 's revenge for pearl harbour '' unfortunately americans are very active online so their idiots shine through more than those from anywhere else . 
  we pretty heavily emphasised how bad nuclear weapons are in general , and how it was possibly more about showing the soviets some us power than actually winning the war , as america would have beaten japan eventually . 
  that said we did touch on the fact that japan was a lot more capable than people realised , and it was ready to fight tooth and nail for the god-emperor hirohito . 
  we also touched on the idea that after actually using nuclear weapons on cities , everyone realised they were terrible which helped keep the cold war cold . 
  our lessons were pretty non-biased but i remember the theme of my essay on the topic was that considering what else happened in ww2 , the invention of the atomic bomb was probably worthwhile to stop it from happening again , and if two cities had to get attacked for people to realise the potential for destruction , that 's a drop in the ocean compared to the lives which may have been lost in a conventional conflict between the us and the ussr . 
  do n't confuse not wanting to live in birmingham with wanting to live in london . 
  they 're both big ugly shitholes , london has more museums and the tube but it 's still ghastly . 
  they think and are trying to prove that the government does n't care about them . 
  if they burn themselves and the government response is `` lol ok nice knowing you '' then it proves their point , and will possibly open people 's eyes to this supposed injustice , leading to further action in the future . 
  i agree that it 's ridiculous but there is logic to it . 
  nope .
