  it probably would have been , but for whatever reason it just did n't happen . 
  transport is easier now than it ever has been which i suppose is a factor . 
   at some point * parents * have to choose kids/raising them or putting in the extra hours/effort in the office women only need to take time off work for as long as it takes to heal after giving birth . 
  it can easily be the father who cuts his hours to raise the kid . 
  what makes you think this ? 
  i do n't mean to imply it 's wrong i just wonder why it 's the case . 
  that does n't really mean anything . 
  nobody would comment saying `` yeah i pretty much agree with this video '' but people love to argue and be negative . 
  look at me go , for instance . 
  i would n't read too much into it . 
  did n't cameron talk about changing human rights a while back ? 
  i mean he probably would n't just get rid of them * but ... *, 
  they 're google searches in english , that narrows it down a bit . 
  fair points all round . 
  the combined gas-coal whatever plants are still going and will be for some time as far as i know for on-demand guaranteed output . 
  tidal is guaranteed but obviously not all the time , wind is fickle but the more we build the more options we have . 
  we do import now when we need to , but i think ( and i could be wrong ) that it 's more for economic and grid-balancing reasons than out of desperation . 
  there 's more capacity in the links that we could use if we needed to , although obviously it 's not infinite . 
  ca n't argue with you on the delays with new nuclear , but there was a breakthrough with chinese investors recently and things * should * move a bit more swiftly now . 
  i work in the nuclear industry and i 'd be very surprised if they ended up not getting built now despite the setbacks , there 's too much at stake for edf and areva to pull out . 
  the government is n't totally stupid either , they know we need capacity . 
  nobody wants to throw a ramshackle reactor together as fast as possible but things are moving at the best pace they can . 
  maybe i just do n't want to admit to myself that rolling blackouts will ever be part of my future aha, 
  i 'm not going to pretend it 's not an issue , but we probably wo n't have rolling blackouts in the uk . 
  the nuclear fleet is undergoing life extensions as we speak in order to keep going until the new plants are up . 
  we might lose the coal stations in ten years but there 's wind and tidal popping up all over the place . 
  we can import from france and denmark if we really need to . 
  it might be close if electric cars take off soon , but the good news is that most people will be charging them at night when demand is currently the lowest . 
  we 'll probably be ok . 
  they might stop coming after a while if word gets out that everyone is getting put in prison . 
  maybe i 've got the wrong end of the stick here but surely everything about living in britain is british culture ? 
  unless they just ca n't take the weather any more, 
  just curious op , if british culture is your absolute favourite then why do you want to move somewhere else ? 
  the empire lives on !, 
  that thread is a blast from the past, 
  that 's pretty unusual yes . 
  are you a german spy ? 
  crumpets are delicious and well worth trying next time you go shopping . 
  people do n't generally care , no . 
  nobody really watches american football . 
  last year i heard of a few people watching it , but i mean a few . 
  do n't forget it 's on in the middle of the night here . 
  interestingly , it 's being broadcast ( in the uk ) on the bbc this year , so they must think someone wants to watch it . 
  is that right ? 
  i know plenty of people who work through theirs . 
  they 're probably offered one but do n't take it . 
  i ca n't say how crazy you are compared to other americans but there 's a guy like you in my office and we all think he 's a bit mad . 
  fair enough , you 'll be the ones getting promoted , but there 's more to life than work . 
  it 's no good having loads of money if you 're never home to spend it . 
  when you 're dying you wo n't be glad about all the kudos you got from management . 
  of course if you enjoy the process of working and would do it regardless , good on you . 
  unless you do n't plan on visiting any tourist attractions at all or looking interestedly at things , you 're going to look like a tourist . 
  you 'll certainly look like a tourist when you say anything or look at signs . 
  muggers are n't looking for people with usa flag t shirts they 're looking for people who are quiet and lost . 
  nobody is going to mug you for a fitbit . 
  a rolex maybe , or a wallet literally stuffed with cash , but that 's the same anywhere . 
  enjoy your trip instead of worrying about safety . 
  honestly getting mugged would suck but ultimately would make for an interesting story to tell anyway , and would add an element of adventure . 
  if you spend a year keeping your head down , not going to the tourist/pickpocket hotspots , and never speaking to anyone in case they realise you 're american you 're going to have a miserable time . 
  obviously there are alternative possibilities , personally i think they ( ie socialism and communism ) could work just as well as capitalism , potentially , but i certainly do n't know * how * we would set them up . 
  i have a feeling that society will naturally tend towards these and away from capitalism in the future as we replace more and more jobs with automation , and produce so much luxury stuff that people do n't need to work very much to afford it . 
  why have a job at all if cars and laptops are so cheap you can afford them on welfare ? 
  this is n't viable right now but could be one day . 
  generally i think the us is so rabidly anti-socialism that americans instinctively reject it faster than europeans would but that 's a historical cultural difference . 
  whether capitalism is the ` natural ' system is a tricky question i do n't really feel equipped to answer . 
  there are economic subs that you might be interested in . 
  it was supposed to be an example of a less famous city , not specifically a french one , although looking back it does read a bit like that . 
  i do know where ghent is i promise !, 
  honestly i think the reaction would n't be as strong even it happened in a less famous french city . 
  there would still * be * international support but ultimately a headline does n't grab your attention as much when it 's somewhere you could n't point out on a map . 
  i certainly could n't ( confidently ) name the biggest cities in france after paris . 
  there might still be a filter on facebook and lights on monuments but ultimately paris is better known worldwide than say , ghent . 
  that 's probably why it 's a target . 
  it 's pretty integrated . 
  sure , but if you 're hoping to communicate with as many people across europe as you can , russian probably is n't your best bet as it 's not spoken at all in the western half . 
  if you 're in the areas where russian * is * spoken , you 'll probably still be able to get by with english or french . 
  admittedly i 'm looking at this with a western europe bias and i 'm kind of assuming that op is wondering which language is best to get by with if he 's a tourist . 
  you could similarly argue that russia is n't properly in europe , at least from a language perspective . 
  there are vast numbers of russian speakers technically in europe but you 're not likely to meet many in say , france . 
  not to disagree with the comprehensive numbers post but for op 's question you have to consider which language is most * widely * spoken . 
  that 's almost certainly going to be english , for better or worse . 
  i sometimes speak in 24 hour time ( seventeen hundred instead of five o'clock ) , particularly at work where things are happening 24/7 and communication is important . 
  most people in daily life would say five pm . 
  as gravelfoot says , we use the same analogue clocks , it 's usually pretty obvious which half of the day you 're in when you look at one so it 's no big deal . 
  24h analogue clocks do exist , i bought a watch in that format once , but they 're very rare and the normal positions are all wrong so you ca n't really just glance at them . 
  that 's a good point , i had n't really thought about it and to be honest i 've not actually taken the train across the channel . 
  i thought there was a train to brussels but i could be way off . 
  maybe , depending on where in belgium . 
  in a straight line london is closer to amsterdam and is a similar distance to brussels , compared with paris , but when you account for bends and train times then yeah i guess it 's quicker to get to paris from brussels than london . 
  from amsterdam i 'm not sure and it would probably depend a lot on traffic/delays at the chunnel . 
  paris is n't that much further than london , especially when you factor in time spent faffing around at the channel tunnel . 
  there 's no such thing as a perfect place to live . 
  no democracy is perfect , afaik there are pretty good press freedoms across europe , but freedom of speech is n't exactly pure and 100 % in some places . 
  you still have to work and pay taxes and deal with traffic and noisy neighbours . 
  where are you from ? 
  it 's not really worth moving to germany just to read uncensored newspapers . 
  lorries do n't typically park at the same places you 'll be going to , unless you shop at warehouses and live in a freight depot . 
  the two empty parking spaces thing will work but will get you plenty of tickets and keyed panels , especially in the places you visit most frequently as i promise you that thing will stand out like a sore thumb . 
  it will definitely be easier to buy a pickup in europe designed for european roads . 
  you can get fords here just not the ones big enough to carry a cruise liner .
