  i could n't guess what your energy bills and transport costs will be like but if you 're frugal you * should * be able to save around # 200 per month . 
  honestly though that 's a pretty shaky guess . 
   - can i increase my income with my performance and hopefully see if i can get in uni again in the future or maybe save to keep on traveling ? 
  increasing your income will vary on the kind of work you do . 
  if you 're in a very low end position do n't count on it getting increased unless you 're truly exceptional at it . 
  if you can land yourself an office job there 's normally opportunities for payrises and promotions , but think in terms of years not months . 
  there 's no reason you could n't apply to go to a british university , although that will depend on the kind of education you already have , and it 's a lot more expensive for foreign students i 'm sorry to say . 
  i do n't know if you 'd qualify for a student loan here . 
  you should certainly be able to save enough to get you onto the continent within a year or two , even faster depending how willing you are to slum it i guess . 
   - is brighton a good choice for a person like me ? 
  even though it 's expensive , does that mean better salaries ? 
  it 's overwhelming how everyone says '' north is cheaper '' i do n't know about brighton specifically , i 've never been there . 
  it 's supposed to be a lively place so someone like yourself should be happy there , but being on the south coast it will be expensive . 
  that does broadly mean better salaries , but not for minimum wage or very low end jobs . 
  i do n't mean to dishearten you but lots of immigrants end up doing these jobs , or even worse illegal work for less pay . 
  the current minimum wage ( you ca n't legally earn less than this ) is # 6.50 per hour , assuming you 're 21 or older . 
  ( edit : since you 're 20 it is # 5.13 per hour ) that wo n't change no matter where you are . 
  north is always cheaper , but generally speaking there 's not as much work to be had . 
  north of birmingham is where it becomes significantly cheaper , but i 've not been up north much so i ca n't suggest anything specific . 
  wales is a cheap place to live too , but other than cardiff is n't exactly bustling . 
  london is super duper expensive and you should never go there . 
  this ended up being a lot longer than i thought . 
  i hope i have n't made it sound too bleak , plenty of people do come to the uk and succeed , but it 's not going to be a walk in the park . 
  it will also be really bloody cold compared to the caribbean , so invest in a big jumper and some nice gloves . 
  you * may * be entitled to claim benefits , which will help tide you over until you find work , but i 'm not really sure how it works for foreigners . 
  do n't expect to rely on it , as it 's not a lot of money and they 're really trying to cut expenses there , but you will be able to eat at least . 
  i 'm happy to answer any other questions you might have as best as i can . 
  each leg of that journey is going to be a full day of driving , probably about 10 hours each . 
  by train it will take probably double that for each one , but of course you can sleep on the train and i expect it would be cheaper . 
  flights are about an hour , maybe two , per leg . 
  i could n't really guess at cost but amsterdam is a major airport so i doubt it would be tremendously expensive . 
  certainly within your budget . 
  tl ; dr i would fly so you get more time per city . 
  coming to the uk ? 
  go to [ do-it ] ( http://www.do-it.org.uk/ ) , pick an activity and an area , send out emails saying when you 'll be there and which dates you want to do . 
  bear in mind that anything to do with helping out children , old folks , ill people etc , will need a criminal background check and probably be too much hassle . 
  you 're probably best off looking at something like an usher for a museum event , or doing grunt work in some garden type place . 
  also do n't forget that employment is n't great in the uk at the moment so lots of people are volunteering almost full-time , so do n't expect to be able to show up for two days then bugger off again and get a great reference out of it . 
  your dad might be going overboard but there 's a huge difference between saying `` i backpacked round europe and did some volunteer work '' and having an actual reference from a someone saying how great you were . 
  you are getting lots of tongue in cheek answers because your question is extremely vague . 
  we do n't know how to prepare to visit europe , because * we already live here . 
  * we do n't know how europe might be different to your home land , because you did n't specify it ( although i think usa is a safe bet . ), 
  the us is a big place , as is europe . 
  are you planning to travel from ny to paris for a week ? 
  from texas to scandinavia for a month ? 
  do you intend to travel light and walk a lot , or go all out and have a private chauffeur drive you all over the place ? 
  you will want euros . 
  you will want a passport . 
  you will probably need to book a plane ticket and a hotel . 
  it would be useful to learn `` sorry i only speak english '' in the language of your host country as a minimum . 
  basically the same as in the us . 
  people are becoming more accepting of tattoos and piercings etc all the time , but there are still negative connotations . 
  plenty of businesses require employees to hide tattoos, 
  how much snow and rain is too much for you to go outdoors ? 
  we live here without freezing to death or getting washed away , you might not be used to it but you 're not a different species . 
  bring a coat and some gloves with you , by the time you reach city number three you 'll have adapted and be fine . 
  uk checking in , my university was like this but with the addition of security guys at the main gate . 
  you could walk straight past them ( or through any other entrance ) but they did stop cars and seem to ask what their business was , although i never saw anyone flashing id . 
  i used to go in by motorbike and they never stopped me , which was good because it 's very hard to get id out of your pocket with motorbike gloves on . 
  of course they were just blokes in high-vis coats , not armed or anything . 
  uk : august and september i find to be too hot for comfort , but everyone else seems to enjoy it . 
  daily temperatures are in the 25 \u00b0 c area i guess , colder on cloudy days , can get as high as 30 \u00b0 . 
  my favourite activity for these months is to stay indoors and drink iced lemonade . 
  the nation 's favourite summer activity , so far as i can tell , is mowing lawns as frequently and noisily as possible . 
  once i 'm on the continent ( from uk ) i can just go wherever i like no questions asked , no bag searches , no delays . 
  i 'll have to change my money once but then never worry about that again . 
  i can drive anywhere , then if i like it when i get there , buy a house and that 's where i live now . 
  when my grandfather was my age he was shooting at people who 's grandchildren i can just move in next door to any time i like , and nobody would think anything of it . 
  say what you will about it being undemocratic or whatever , that 's damn impressive . 
  by service do you mean retail/restaurants etc ? 
  or social service work ? 
  possibly not the best answer you 'll get here , but i 'm a recently graduated physicist working in retail to make ends meet . 
  my boss certainly seems to think that working there ( it 's a fairly large company in the uk ) will do wonders for my cv . 
  i 'm not so sure , but it 's definitely better than having no reference and no money . 
  your instincts are serving you right , if you jump in and start attacking or defending someone politically it 's only going to make waves . 
  that 's true anywhere with any situation but especially so as an ` outsider ' . 
  you should n't be afraid to ask questions though , i ca n't imagine anyone will get mad if you say `` i notice you do n't like x , why 's that ? '', 
  i went to rome last year for three days . 
  we saw all the big stuff , the colosseum , the ruined city , the vatican etc , it was all very impressive . 
  we walked everywhere except for the train to the airport , most of the stuff is fairly close together , but of course it depends on where you stay . 
  i ca n't remember the prices , ( it was n't much ) but you have to pay for the colosseum and the ancient city , but the pantheon and the vatican are free to enter . 
  the vatican is a bit further out and was quite a trek for us , but doable . 
  the vatican itself is free to enter and look around , but it has a museum inside which you have to pay for , and we did n't go to the sistene chapel so i 'm not sure about that . 
  there was a security checkpoint with a metal detector , so do n't try and take any guns , and there 's a dress code if you 're a woman , so it 's worth looking that up . 
  i did see one young lady get turned away for wearing a skirt which i thought was a reasonable length . 
  expect very long queues , and people trying to sell you tours . 
  we had no issues with crime or anything , but there are people selling souvenirs and tours and other nonsense and they can be a bit pushy . 
  you get that in any tourist city though . 
  i 'm not very familiar with slovenia 's climate , but rome is * hot * , especially at this time of year . 
  i 'm a fairly portly guy and of course we were walking everywhere at the end of july , so i was pretty sweaty and uncomfortable most of the time . 
  my girlfriend deals with hot weather much better but even she was glad our hotel had air conditioning . 
  the sun is relentless , and being in an enclosed city with thousands of people everywhere means there 's nowhere to get cool , other than some of the ancient buildings designed for it . 
  there are fountains all over the place , free and safe to drink from ( at least i did and i was fine ) , so carry a water bottle and drink from it frequently , you can always fill it back up . 
  probably canada . 
  they speak english but arent barmy like the americans and there 's fewer ghastly creatures than australia . 
  maybe new zealand but i do n't know an awful lot about it . 
  there are maintenance grants available from the government , based on parental income . 
  they 're pretty meagre though , i would probably have had to work a part time job as well to pay rent , definitely if i wanted to go out drinking or run a vehicle . 
  if i did n't get the grants i 'd have to basically work whenever i was n't studying and live as frugally as possible . 
  no doubt people can make it work , but looking back on how much time i spent in the library just to get a decent grade , it would have been an extremely difficult three years .
