  i 'm using a standard british keyboard , and i do n't think it 's on us ones either . 
  damn you germans and your superior efficiency, 
  ! = is easier to type though , i do n't have a \u2260 key on my keyboard . 
  i 'm not going to google it and copypaste every time , which leaves me to memorise the altcode for it , which i ca n't really be bothered with . 
  i do know one , 0176 for \u00b0 , because i use that a lot . 
  language , for a start . 
  portuguese and spanish are distinct for sure , but they have more in common than say portuguese and german . 
  they belong to a group called the `` romance languages '' , a pretty varied bunch , but the three you mention along with france are by far the largest languages of the lot . 
  they contrast with the germanic languages ( german , english , dutch , scandinavians ) , the celtic languages ( irish , gaelic , welsh etc ) and the slavic languages , plus some smaller ones and greek which is all on its own . 
  countries sharing language groups typically share cultural aspects too , although in the case of celtics the culture seems to be largely `` hating english people . '', 
  it 's also not a good reason to hate the eu , i mean stupid laws are stupid and we should n't have them , but it 's not an eu specific problem . 
  it could just as easily be your own country which makes up a rule like that , arguably you have more control in a smaller parliament but the nature of democracy is that sometimes it will do things you do n't like . 
  unless it 's huge issues you ca n't stand it 's not a good reason to leave your country , or the eu . 
  plus it has plenty of good rules too , like the human rights and net neutrality stuff . 
  david cameron wants to pick and choose from them for the uk , which is a large part of why i do n't want to leave the eu . 
  at this point i trust it more than my own government . 
  it would be nice to change it for a distinction though . 
  `` out with the eu and in with the eu ! '', 
  they 're modern as in a ( relatively ) brand new country built from scratch around a common set of ideals . 
  there are differences sure , but the similarities in the us are what make up their constitution and are the glue that holds it together . 
  we * could * do the same in principle , but it would be hard to forget that the old countries used to exist . 
  no country is going to want to scrap all of its laws and traditions in favour of new european ones , what would we do with monarchs for instance ? 
  there are big issues like language and currency ( not everyone uses the euro ! ), 
  that would make it all a big argument . 
  i 'm not opposed to the idea in principle but we could n't do a `` usa 2.0 '' , i think we 're just going to keep improving the eu slowly until it functions as one nation , then maybe we can rename it . 
  i 'd happily give up the queen to live in a megacountry called arse . 
  depends entirely on the context does n't it . 
  unless you know where she lives and have some sort of legitimate ( in your eyes ) grievance with me that would make you likely to do it , then yeah it 's just you being an arse . 
  if it 's a real threat , like you 're her next door neighbour and genuinely hate the family , then it should be taken a bit more seriously . 
  i see what you 're getting at in that putting bacon on a mosque is a pretty obvious `` fuck off '' statement , but imo it is n't really threatening . 
  if there was a sign saying `` next time it will be a bomb '' , maybe . 
  considering they 've found the perpetrators and presumably no evidence that they 're in some sort of malicious plot , i think this is arseholery and nothing more . 
   see what happens . 
  he gets sad . 
  maybe very sad , and understandably so . 
  whoever sent that letter is an arsehole , i think we can agree . 
  `` being an arsehole '' is n't a jailable offence though , and nor should it be . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  putting bacon on a mosque is offensive , telling a jew the holocaust did n't happen is offensive , making jokes about someone 's dead mother is offensive , calling a fat guy fat is offensive . 
  i 'm sure if you found a sensitive obese person and an easygoing muslim , the fat jokes would be more offensive to one than bacon to the other , what should we do in that case ? 
  i 'm not saying we should go about the place being horrible to people and * something * should be done , but not prison . 
  i would . 
  wrapping a synagogue in swastika flags is a dick move but assuming it did n't do any damage it 's not really hurtful , except to feelings . 
  i do n't mean to downplay what it would mean , but i think a year in prison would be excessive for that , and i think it 's excessive for this . 
  i ca n't see that working out very well . 
  the whole concept of an `` effortless revolution '' seems a bit flimsy to me . 
  not all of us, 
  uk-yes . 
  it 's pretty rare though , automatics are n't really common enough that you can get away with only driving them exclusively . 
  it would severely limit your choice when buying a second hand car . 
  the only person i know who 's got one has some sort of nerve damage in her hand that makes changing gear really difficult . 
  which big european cities do n't have a sizeable english-speaking population ? 
  honest question , i ca n't think of any obvious ones . 
  this is going to sound like me being an ass , but how do you know ? 
  the eu is supposed to promote trade and stuff right , surely that would become more expensive if we left and would damage the economy ? 
  i 'm not saying britain would burn to the ground but would it be * better * if we left ? 
  i honestly do n't know and want to learn . 
  i visited paris last year , without knowing a single word of french , and even managed to get lost on the metro and book one too few days at the hotel so they had good reason to hate me and my stupid questions . 
  i still did n't have any issues with people being rude or unaccommodating , i was pleasantly surprised . 
  the worst thing i saw was the girl operating the eiffel tower 's lift using her phone and looking bored , but then again her job is n't exactly stimulating so i ca n't say i blame her . 
  these bulgarians coming to our country , stealing our unemployment, 
  so our hypothetical frenchman could drive to berlin , get a job and a flat , and just carry on his life just like he 'd moved to somewhere else in france ? 
  the eu is so good, 
  i did n't notice at first but now that you mention it he does look like he 's experiencing some sort of system error . 
  this is more suited for / r/askeurope, 
  i 'm british and i 'd like to see it happen . 
  it would save me a lot of bother having to adjust when i drive elsewhere , and would plausibly bring car prices down as they would n't have to make rhd versions , assuming the other countries changed too . 
  of course it would be an expensive nightmare to make the switch so i do n't think it will happen soon . 
  i 'll settle for metric roadsigns . 
  guuuuys, 
  history lessons in school , i took history as an optional continued subject so went into a fair amount of depth . 
  beyond that , a few books , the only one i can think of off the top of my head is one day in the life of ivan ilyich , if you do n't count 1984 and animal farm . 
  plus generally references on tv and looking stuff up on wikipedia . 
   someone is qualified to be head of state ... simply by virtue of being born . 
  that 's a fair point and i wo n't argue that your birth does n't determine your ability , but royal families spend their entire lives training for the exact role , doing all that diplomat stuff , giving speeches , that sort of thing . 
  not just training either , but the * best * training possible . 
  it stands to reason they 'd be as good as anyone , barring natural deficiencies on their part or extreme talent from someone else . 
  i 'm not saying it 's an ideal system but it seems to work reasonably well . 
  i 'm going to show a lot of ignorance here , but i always thought that the usa and cuba were enemies and that you lot were n't allowed to smoke their cigars or visit or anything . 
  recently however ( embarrassingly recently ) , i found out that guantanamo bay is in cuba . 
  what the hell is going on there ? 
  there 's a difference between rejecting and drowning . 
   in what way is italy strategically positioned north africa and the middle east are on the med , both locations being the major conflict areas in the world at the moment as well as the source of all those immigrant scallywags on boats . 
  the med also leads to the suez canal and the black sea , the latter of which is certainly notable at the moment what with ukraine and everything . 
  i have no idea about the relative naval strength of italy and britain , but if they have two carriers right now that 's two up on us regardless of what 's being built . 
  i 'd argue that the mediterranean is a more strategic place to be these days than the northern atlantic . 
  there are n't any nazi u-boats to worry about any more . 
  it 's a joke based on a stereotype , calm down . 
  nobody thinks obama is genuinely an imbecile , you do n't just luck your way into being the potus without a decent brain [ . 
  ] ( http://i.usatoday.net/news/gallery/2008/n080502_day/n080502_bush.jpg ), 
  in the uk we have education * about * religion rather than in it . 
  all of my teachers were christian but the lessons themselves were secular , we learned what christians believe and what the bible says with the aim of understanding why christians think the way they do about things , rather than learning it as fact . 
  similarly with the other major religions , it was an awareness thing . 
  it got a bit more political and philosophical towards the end , we learned about creation in religion vs the big bang , viewpoints on abortion , gay marriage , and that sort of thing , and did a lot of wishy washy stuff on what it means to exist and what the repercussions are if it turns out god is/isn ' t real . 
  some schools in the uk are involved with the church somehow and will treat the christian viewpoint as fact , but as far as i know they still have to teach the other stuff . 
  i did n't go to those ones . 
  i expect that if you want your children to have a full blown religious education you 'd send them to sunday schools at church as well . 
   we 're just a bunch of dorks who apparently like discussing pan-european things . 
  i love this and i try to think about it whenever i get into a stupid argument with someone over the internet . 
  as a 21 year old male student using reddit i statistically have more in common with all of you guys than old lady doris next door , no matter how british she is .
