ideally ? 
  for . 
  show putin he ca n't be a belligerent arse , help ukranians keep their independence , end the conflict sooner so less people die . 
  realistically ? 
  against . 
  because it 's never that simple . 
  i 'm a bit confused about these , i was under the impression that ireland and ni were seperated only by politics and you could just walk from one to the other unhindered . 
  is that not the case ? 
  sorry for being an ignorant english bastard . 
  i 'm not old enough to remember the troubles and i got taught surprisingly little ( nothing ! ), 
  about it at school . 
  also scotland tried to leave a few weeks ago . 
  largely the same issue though in fairness . 
  the toll on the severn bridge into wales is horrible . 
  belting along a motorway at 70 , then i have to * stop * to pay a toll before speeding back up ? 
  ridiculous . 
  although i must confess i 've only ever used it on my motorbike so it 's free . 
  never really been all that busy either . 
  but it could be !, 
  i do n't pretend to be some expert on the eu or roads or anything , but why not tax corporate vehicles ( like trucks ) and not tax private vehicles like / u/xenonbg 's car ? 
   the uk recognising palestine would have significant implications . 
  i do n't doubt this is true , but what sort of implications ? 
  would it affect military action in the area or something ? 
  honest questions , i really am quite clueless about this . 
   there are the views of other allies of the uk maybe i 'm being an idiot , but why does it matter what our allies think ? 
  i can imagine israel kicking up a fuss if we appear to support palestine , but ca n't we ( as in britain 's foreign policy ) recognise palestine as a state without falling out with everyone about it ? 
  i do n't know . 
  politics confuses me . 
   hopefully 50 years from now we wo n't need them . 
  i 'm about as pro-nuclear as people come but even i agree with you there . 
  when renewables progress to the point that we can rely on them entirely it would be foolish to keep nuclear plants around , because of the waste if nothing else . 
  you have to boil water one way or another . 
  being able to boil it easily by burning coal does n't mean a high-tech solution like nuclear power is a waste of time . 
   you do n't actually need to even know any quantum theory for nuclear power . 
  misleading . 
  you can understand nuclear power at a decent level without quantum theory , but to really grasp what 's going on ( and control it ) you need to comprehend the probabilistic nature of the reaction . 
  a nucleus does n't split apart into two , a smaller pre-formed daughter nucleus tunnels out of the larger one . 
  as in quantum tunneling . 
  it 's not a huge amount of heat , dungeness power station for instance dumps water into the sea 12 \u00b0 hotter than when it came out . 
  in a river i guess that 's enough to bother plants and fish but it 's not terribly useful . 
  you could conceivably heat a smaller amount of water to a higher temperature and use that but presumably it 's not worth the bother or they 'd do it already . 
  i admit i ca n't think of a good reason why not though . 
  you ca n't build them to tolerate any conceivable catastrophe though . 
  the tsunami that hit fukushima was a pretty rare event ( although not so rare they should n't have prepared for it ) and was a huge disaster even without the nuclear issue . 
  a more safe plant than that is built to tolerate very large and rare events , think `` once in ten thousand years '' type disasters . 
  sure you can always build them stronger , but at some point the event you 're protecting against will kill everyone in a hundred mile radius anyway . 
  just because she * is * fat does n't mean she does n't understand how it works . 
  maybe she just really enjoys food and hates exercise . 
  she 's a doctor so i 'd be extremely surprised if she did n't know why she was fat . 
   what exactly is done to curtail use currently ? 
  do n't forget ireland is a rainy place , it 's not like california where people are watering their lawns daily and filling up swimming pools . 
  you take those two away and the average household 's largest water usage is from the shower , which is something you would n't want to curtail too strongly . 
  no problem !, 
  i do n't pretend to be an authority or anything but nuclear physics is my whole deal so i pick up a lot about the industry and the regulations and so on . 
   how ? 
  for a start , a nuclear station powers itself first and foremost before sending power to the grid . 
  if the grid goes down there 's no reason a reactor could n't chug along happily without a care in the world . 
  let 's assume though that you do n't want this and have to shut it down . 
  a scrammed reactor shuts down within seconds . 
  the primary turbines continue to generate power for a while as they slow down , long enough for backup diesel generators to come online , and for secondary backup batteries to be made ready , assuming they 're not ready 100 % of the time . 
  this powers the cooling system for as long as is necessary . 
  i 'm not a logistics man ( for what it 's worth i 'm a physicist ) but i 'd wager there is several day 's worth of diesel at the ready and supply is going to be a huge priority in the event of a national disaster . 
  after some time , i admit i do n't know exactly how long but think hours not months , reaction heat will disperse and the reactor will cool down , only being kept hot by decay heat . 
  decay heat is n't terribly hot at all but * does * require active cooling , however nowhere near the level a full size reactor does . 
  typically spent fuel is placed in a pool with the water being pumped through a heatsink . 
  again , not my area of expertise , but you could actively disperse decay heat with a trivial amount of power for several years . 
  an old fashioned water wheel for instance could drive a pump , or maybe a wind turbine could be dedicated to the job . 
  passive systems are possible but i do n't know if any are ready to go right now that could house the nation 's nuclear fuel . 
  worst case scenario , fly the fuel to a cooling station in the us or europe which still has power , or if it 's literally global , dump it in the sea or an old coal mine . 
  sucks for the fish but between them and meltdowns the choice is clear . 
  i 'm not saying total permanent grid loss would be a walk in the park for the nuclear industry to deal with , but do n't imagine that nobody has ever planned for it . 
  fukushima was preventable and a similar incident would be prevented in britain because our standards are much higher . 
  edf , who run 8 of britain 's 9 nuclear plants , were heavily involved with trying to fix and contain fukushima and have had massive safety reviews here to ensure nothing like that could happen to britain . 
  any incident that could come close to overcoming the safety barriers in place is going to destroy a huge amount of infrastructure and kill a large part of the population first , which is precisely what happened in japan . 
  britain being without power for a year or two would likely be apocalyptic , but honestly i think the safest place to ride it out would be a nuclear control room . 
  australia, 
  nuclear plants have multiple backups that are n't reliant on the grid at all . 
  any reactor in britain is able to shut down and provide adequate cooling without external power , a meltdown would not happen . 
  in addition to that , reactor containment vessels are built with meltdowns in mind and are n't going to just fall apart at the first sign of trouble . 
  if the national grid failed and there was total power loss in britain , meltdowns will be the last thing anyone has to worry about . 
  the gulf stream would blow fallout directly all over the mainland if something catastrophic were to happen . 
  in fairness , it 's not like anyone is driving through britain to get somewhere else , and i doubt many people nip across the border . 
  most britons are n't going to use continental roads ever , and those who do will almost certainly contribute to the economy in other ways . 
  for once we 're as seperate as we like to believe . 
  that said i do actually think it 's a pretty good idea . 
   along with his family are you completely off your bloody rocker ? 
  that 's how democracy works , millions they may be but they 're in the minority . 
  on wikileaks you can see support emails to the company , one of them is :  we have problem with our fin usb system is not working with all versions which sounds like something my mother would send me . 
  good to know this software is only trusted to the most capable users . 
  to be fair the recent polls are about as close as it 's been , at least to my knowledge . 
  if it was ten days to go and polls were showing a 10 % yes vote i do n't think it would be as big a news story . 
  for `` rest of the uk '' , as in england , wales , and ni if scotland leaves . 
  possibly . 
  right now british universities charge foreign students a * lot * more than nationals , which is basically how they make their money since fees for brits are capped . 
  the scottish system is different ( and will no doubt change again if they leave ) but if you 're thinking of studying here i would n't rely on it . 
  of course plenty of foreign students get their degrees in britain so it must represent good value . 
  juh swee english parley voo english see voo play i 'm sorry that we 're actually like this . 
  can confirm . 
  i doubt she cares enough about it to launch a campaign to keep scotland , but i bet it matters to her . 
  scotland has been in the uk since the 1600s and it 's been a * more or less * happy relationship .
