  there 's a bit of an issue here about the divide between london and the rest of the uk , and how it gets all the best stuff and new bike lanes and everything , where the rest is left largely uninvested in . 
  again i 'm not an economist but that 's where most of the ` hard feelings ' are directed as best as i can tell . 
  i used it to mean an analog with the usa , where the eu would merge into a single country but presumably the ` old ' divisions would still have some recognition and autonomy . 
  just to be clear , you mean federalisation as in the eu turning into the united states of europe ? 
  is this a real thing people are planning ? 
  serious question . 
  i confess to being politically oblivious . 
  i think of innuendo as a mainly sexual joke , i guess that is n't necessarily the case but if it was non sexual i 'd call it a play on words instead . 
  i do n't know . 
  english is hard . 
   the language they speak fair enough , i was n't having a dig at you , all too often i see americans claim it as their own and i do n't want them to think anyone is believing it . 
  i only speak english and a smattering of german , and i for one very much appreciate that everyone speaks the language i was born into . 
  fatty here . 
  i 'm finally ahead of the game !, 
  ^ ^ it ^ ^ sucks ^ ^ guys ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ get ^ ^ fat, 
  it 's not * their * language thank you very much . 
   in europe - diarrhea with blood and foam i 'm no doctor or anything but has anyone ever heard of diarrhoea containing * foam ? 
  i ca n't help but think that belligerently assuming everyone will cater to you and speak english is a very undiplomatic thing to do . 
  i think you 're right , they do n't seem to want to be involved at all . 
  living in moscow as a diplomat , talking to russians every day in and out of work , and they do n't pick up the language ? 
  bollocks . 
  in the uk ( at least england ) it 's mandatory to take a foreign language , but not normally until quite late on , in my school we started french/german ( pick one ) aged 14 . 
  we then have the option to drop it aged 16 . 
  a couple of hours of a foreign language a week for two or three years is obviously not enough to learn it , especially if you 're not really interested . 
  most people wo n't really get much more than extremely basic beginner phrases . 
  as i understand it most eu countries start learning a language quite young and stick with it basically until they leave school . 
  that seems like a much better idea to me . 
  i do n't think anyone really expects the test figures to be anywhere near the ` real ' figures . 
  it does seem very odd that it would be different here vs the usa though . 
  maybe they 're using imperial litres ... 
  i 'm no expert but could n't they just charge more per seat ? 
  he probably means * have * to , not get to . 
  remember english is n't everyone 's first language . 
  for what it 's worth most british people do n't support these wars , parliament fights them anyway . 
  it does n't really matter who we vote for . 
  germany has a stronger economy right ? 
  of course we 're spending less if we 're poorer than you . 
  i am pro-eu do n't get me wrong , but in the event that we did leave i ca n't see the eu making things worse for itself by not giving us a good trade deal . 
  i * can * see us leaving despite the risk though . 
  remember that time scotland voted on independence ? 
  the uk feels like a democracy , please enlighten me . 
  are they really going to damage their own trade prospects out of spite ? 
  escalate into what ? 
  i feel like armed police should be able to subdue a bunch of angry farmers without anyone blowing up a tractor . 
  is burning tyres legal ? 
  i always wonder this as it seems to be a staple of french protests . 
  it would be better still if marines could prevent a massacre without americans going mental . 
  the guys are heroes but they could have been from any nation 's military . 
  it 's not a uniquely american problem but they do seem to be the most vocal and tiresome about it . 
  they were on leave from afghanistan according to the article . 
  i 've got to admit i was dreading that when i opened these comments . 
  herd them into the dover immigration removal centre ( a real thing ) then ship them back to calais . 
  god save the queen . 
  do n't forget wales . 
  the island you 're referring to is great britain , for reference . 
  honestly it does n't rain anywhere near enough for my liking . 
  i did get sent home from work this week due to heavy rain though so i suppose i should n't complain . 
  i do n't think snoop is an idiot but you could easily argue that musical achievement is more about skill than cerebral prowess . 
  if anything a celebrity should be more likely to know it . 
  maybe not snoop himself but he must have all sorts of legal and financial advisers following him about . 
  in my experience no , must be a regional thing . 
  i 'm curious about where the data is from . 
  you 'd probably smoke more and die sooner too . 
  the rule is for your benefit . 
  to be fair we do n't have to pay for iplayer, 
  normally yeah . 
  you do n't get rich by making blockhead moves . 
  he 's richer and more influential than you 'll ever be . 
  if he 's so stupid how did he manage that ? 
  why not ? 
  sometimes it 's nice to experience * real * cold . 
  i imagine it 's tiresome for you but it 's novel for us , and novelty is basically the reason anyone goes anywhere . 
  `` schoolbook '' would normally be the book you write in at school , but it 's not a big deal . 
  the context made it so obvious i did n't even notice the error . 
  the colours are extremely contrasting to someone who 's not colour blind , as differentiable as black and white . 
  honestly to pick more contrasting colours * would * take a lot of effort , because you 'd have to find what works best for colour blind people . 
  i do n't want to tell you that it 's not worth the effort but it just would n't occur to a lot of people . 
  it 's talking about how many are produced here rather than used . 
  the f-x jets are bought from the us i assume ? 
  migs must come from russia . 
  there 's still a gap but i guess some must be in use but no longer being built . 
  how often does it really happen though ? 
  i 'm sure airbags do fail and go off when they should n't , but it 's not common , i 've never heard of it happening to anyone i know . 
  i doubt the police are going to be running themselves ragged for false positives , maybe a handful a year . 
  plus if your airbag goes off while you 're driving you 'll probably crash anyway . 
  they 're not exactly subtle . 
  do you feel the same way about seatbelts and airbags ? 
  as far as i 'm aware they 're mandatory eu wide , what makes this different ? 
  i know i sound a bit snarky but it 's an honest question . 
  if you buy a brand new car . 
  do n't get me wrong i think it 's absolutely worthwhile keeping a few of these old ships around . 
  it just seems a bit odd that the navy would still maintain them and they 'd be included in infographics like this . 
  they 're floating museums , it 's not like they 're going to sail one into battle and broadside a nuclear submarine . 
  [ ** u wot m8 ** ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2wdu3zkeig&amp;t=0m36s ), 
  joke 's on you , i 'm totally alone !, 
  but * why ? 
  frugal british people . 
  ca n't make tea without boiling a kettle . 
  that 's not as bad as i thought it would be . 
  given the choice between buying a ford fiesta or flying a goddamn fighter jet into the stratosphere i know what i 'd rather spend my money on .
