  i 'm sure there are four door model pickups available from various manufacturers but even those will be on the larger side of acceptable here . 
  you 'll be driving on roads that are several hundred years old and designed literally for horses and carts . 
  they 're coated with tarmac and have signs now but a giant vehicle is not an easy thing to drive here . 
  unless you plan to transport logs for work or something , do n't get a pickup , you do n't need it and it will absolutely not be worth the outrageous gas prices . 
  it will actively make your life difficult and everyone will think you 're a simpleton for driving it . 
  europe is not like america . 
  edit : i realise i 'm coming across as a bit of a snobbish arse here but i 'm just trying to convey the general reception you will get driving a machine like that . 
  the `` idiot american '' stereotype is built on people stubbornly insisting that the american way is best and you are 100 % embodying that by trying to find a way to drive your outlandish vehicle on roads not designed for it . 
  i do n't want to imply that you are therefore an idiot , but you might be blinkered by lack of exposure to european transport . 
  people will not give you that benefit of the doubt when you 're taking up two spaces even after seeing first hand that your car is impractical . 
  if you 're looking to save money , running a gigantic american truck on european gas prices is not for you . 
  you should also expect a lot of parking tickets because it wo n't fit into any spaces , since it is a frankly ridiculous vehicle . 
  the uk is densely populated enough that realistically you can expect the police to show up within minutes in an emergency . 
  that might be too slow in the case of a mad axe murderer breaking into your house , but how often does that * really * happen ? 
  most people breaking into your house do it when you 're not there so a gun is no good . 
  most assaults happen when both parties are drunk so obviously a gun is not that useful then . 
  there are , of course , plenty of instances when a gun would be a handy self defense tool but broadly , as a society , we have decided that the dangers they pose are too great to be worth it . 
  it 's worth noting that we do n't have regular school/cinema mass shootings like the ones i seem to hear about at least once a year over there . 
  i do n't know if guns in the us save more lives than they take , but i doubt it . 
  probably not within five years i agree , but i think op is right when he says it will become legal across the us within 10 years . 
  somewhere towards the end of that process we will probably follow suit based on the success there . 
  especially if the rest of europe goes that way , i think any government would jump on it so they do n't look left behind . 
  i think it 's fairly likely to be an issue in the next election and could well happen within ten years . 
  realistically perhaps closer to twenty . 
  buses go pretty remote , but if you really want to go into the middle of nowhere you 'll need to shell out for taxis or rent a car . 
  i 'd avoid the latter , remote roads are often single track but have traffic going both ways , there 's a bit of an art to not crashing . 
  being on the wrong side of the road will only make it harder for you . 
  of course people do manage though . 
  learn the difference between wales , england , scotland , ireland and ni , great britain and the uk . 
  calling a welsh person english is not going to win you any friends . 
  they are efficient , have no sense of humour , and survive solely on sausage and beer . 
  in my experience these stereotypes are far more pervasive than the ww2 ones anyway . 
  earlier on they did , but since the charlie hebdo attacks they more or less just say isis , as even the most news-averse people know who they are now . 
  it 's my understanding that isis stands for islamic state of iraq and the levant , which is why you 'll also see isil . 
  most people do n't know what the levant is ( an area of the middle east ) but because it contains syria , where isis are very active , the l gets changed to syria . 
  of course as they spread to different areas ( or leave the ones they have ) the name isis becomes less accurate . 
  to avoid confusion `` islamic state '' or is is used , which is probably the best all round option . 
  isis is what most people know though so that 's what gets used . 
  edit : i 'm in the uk so obviously my news is english speaking , unlike most of europe . 
  google maps is very reliable in europe , anywhere in the first world really . 
  you should n't have any trouble with it here . 
  similarly for tourist apps , i ca n't say i use them much but yelp exists in europe , honestly anything you use at home should be pretty applicable here , american tourists are n't exactly uncommon !, 
  i do n't know if you 've ever used it but google translate is very good , you can type in a phrase and have it immediately translated ( spoken and text ) into any language . 
  you 'll need access to the internet but if you get really stuck it 's handy . 
  many , perhaps even most of the people you encounter will speak english , particularly in cities , tourist areas and in hotels and train stations . 
  if you can verbally say `` i 'm deaf , i ca n't hear '' you should be fine . 
  i 'm not sure exactly how hard it would be for you to learn to say that in another language , but your friends certainly could , if they 're learning some phrases anyway . 
  mime is pretty universal , pointing at your own ears then giving a thumbs down and a confused face will probably get the message across too . 
  if anything you might fare a bit better than most , as you 're used to communication issues whereas most people never really think about it until they travel . 
  europe certainly is n't hostile to deaf people if that 's a concern , the difficulties you face at home will largely be the same here . 
  every train station i 've visited has a big screen with times on it so as long as you 're alert , missing the audio calls should n't be a big deal . 
  most people wo n't know any sign language ( as i expect is the case in the us ) and those that do probably wo n't know the american one , although i guess that wo n't be a shock to you . 
  i ca n't say i 've ever visited the quieter areas of southern europe so i ca n't really answer your wifi question , but certainly it 's available in some places . 
  large museums often have it , as do cafes ( particularly chains ) and almost all hotels , although sometimes they 'll charge . 
  3g is also an option but you 'd need to set up your phone before you got here and probably get an eu sim card . 
  i do n't really know what 's involved but it might be worthwhile . 
  hope this helps !, 
  to be fair most of our drunken tourists are n't much older than fifteen . 
  the whole middle east is a clusterfuck as far as i can tell , for complicated reasons that i do n't really understand but seem to involve oil , foreign meddling , and religion . 
  isis as i interpret it is just the newest wave of barmy muslims who hate everyone , i 'm sure they 're totally different from the taliban and al qaeda but they all seem to shoot people and blow things up and generally be arseholes . 
  i do n't think many people in europe really think that middle eastern = muslim = terrorist but there 's obviously a geographical correlation . 
  i 'm sure glad i do n't live there and i do n't want that violence to spread here , but then i do n't want to just shut everyone out , as most people are peaceful no matter where they 're from . 
  there 's no obvious solution . 
  as for israel and palestine , i do n't know what to think , every source seems to be shilling for one or the other . 
  i 'm not quite sure who started that shitfest ( probably us ) or how to end it ( just stop rocketing each other ? ), 
  but i 'm inclined to side with palestine since israel seems to be vastly more powerful and militarily capable . 
  they 've got that iron dome missile defence thing , ca n't they just live under that safe from rockets and leave palestine alone ? 
  i 'll probably get downvoted for being a clueless idiot but i 'm not going to sit here pretending to be an expert on history , culture , and warfare . 
  i 'm not a nazi or anti-muslim and i do n't think anyone is controlling my mind . 
  if i was seeing propaganda i feel like i 'd know more about at least one side of the situation . 
  please do discuss the pros and cons . 
  i have a say but do n't know what to think . 
  shit my pants , most likely . 
  i live just across the channel from france and i get your stations !, 
  let 's be friends, 
  no problem !, 
  the # 5.13 per hour will increase to # 6.50 when you turn 21 , so depending on when that is and when you plan to move here , it might still be worth it . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure on this , but i * think * as long as you 're in the country legally the job centre will help you . 
  having an eu passport will probably help your case but really i 'm not familiar with it . 
  they have a reputation for being useless though , and they do n't actually find you a job , just give you the resources to find one yourself . 
  they 'll help you put together a cv/resume for instance , and give you a list of websites to use , that sort of thing . 
  they pay you unemployment benefits , which is around # 60 per week . 
  that works out to # 1.50 an hour if you worked full time so obviously do n't rely on it . 
  also you have to demonstrate that you 're looking for work to get it , and it 's a bit of a complex and arbitrary process . 
  you should do it ( assuming you can ) because they will help you to get settled and find work , but plan to rely on your savings rather than the income they give you . 
  just fyi , / r/askuk exists and is probably better for this question . 
   - they told me that getting a job in uk is not hard , is that right ? 
  that depends on what kind of person you are , your experience , your qualifications and so forth . 
  if you 're motivated and competent you should be able to get at least a minimum wage job in any british city . 
  i do n't know what kind of qualifications you might have but anything less than a degree might not mean much to a british person , simply because it 's unfamiliar . 
  speaking spanish will certainly be a plus , but do * not * expect it to be quick and easy to find a job . 
  it could take you a month . 
   - will i be able to rent at least a room and pay food with 7 quid per hour ? 
  probably yes . 
  if you 're happy to rent a room in a shared house you should be fine if you 're outside of london . 
  you said # 300 a month on food , that 's a very high estimate imo , if you can cook your own meals you should be able to live on # 150 or so for food . 
  do n't forget you 'll have to pay for things like electricity/gas/water / council tax , as well as transport and other `` things to live '' like clothes and toothpaste . 
  # 7 an hour comes out to around # 900 a month after tax , if you 're working full time . 
  rent really varies but for a cheap room you could spend # 200 a month , so you 're left with # 700 . 
  after food # 550 .
