  i eagerly await the referendum on whether we should keep the monarchy . 
  it 's just a flag, 
  enjoy being dead . 
  i 'll be over here having a great time eating my ham and annoying the germans until they send me home . 
  there 's nothing to suggest they 're retarded or handicapped , just terminally ill . out of all the massive ways governments waste money i think a bit of jet fuel to do something nice is worthwhile . 
  why have fighter jets if you 're not going to take photos of them doing cool stuff ? 
  that 's not a bad idea but then you 'll get people flooding the safe zones . 
  is there even anyone left in syria ? 
  maybe they 'll all just leave and it 'll be a nice empty country for someone to ~ ~ peacefully resettle ~ ~ fight over afresh . 
  bloody british , coming over here , taking our ... * hold the phone *, 
  i do n't read spanish but surely you must get the same number of sunlit hours ? 
  two more hours of sunlight at the end of the day perhaps , but they must be lost in the morning . 
  right ? 
  or am i missing something, 
  that 's roughly how much most people care already . 
  however the problem exists because people are trying to get from an id card country to this id card free one . 
  if france scrapped id cards it would go away , but likewise if we adopted them it would go away . 
  not that i think we should . 
  it did look pretty tame for a bear attack . 
  i can only assume they 've been stitched up and healed a while before the cameras came in . 
  shame they had to kill the bear though :(, 
  poland and romania do n't share a border , ukraine is in the way . 
  that did n't used to be the case . 
  i did n't get it at first either . 
  i guess i should n't make fun of americans any more . 
  those lazy bums , colonising the americas and inventing the steam engine . 
  jesus christ tokyo is as big as wales . 
  you could drive all day and still be inside it . 
  i 'm not sure whether to be amazed or horrified . 
  wait hillary clintbot has been talking shit about souls ? 
   he is quite anti-eu . 
  before being the leader of the party his tune was different . 
  to be fair it 's possible that he 's just changed his mind . 
  it 's easy to be anti-eu when there 's not much chance of us leaving it . 
  suddenly a referendum looms and you 're in the limelight at the same time and you have to consider things a bit more . 
  maybe it 's wishful thinking on my part but it 's not impossible . 
  i had no idea the bbc posted articles in russian . 
  sheer lunacy is a bit much . 
  the immigrants are looking for work are n't they ? 
  some of them will have what it takes , i do n't see why a country could n't encourage them to apply . 
  i do n't think anyone would suggest just hiring them with no training . 
  i had no idea mobility scooters could even go that fast, 
  i work at a decrepit reactor built in the sixties , and it has the capability for passive cooling . 
  clad melt in one channel is not the same as a meltdown . 
  the title does n't imply it 's a rover . 
  two is better than one !, 
  i do n't know anything about the transport industry , but i can tell you for a fact that not a single penny of profit has gone to france from the british arm of edf . 
  they 're actually sending * us * money to invest in the old nuclear agrs and keep them alive . 
  france probably wo n't make any money on the british fleet until hinkley c comes online . 
  if you do n't understand it i do n't think there 's any way i can explain it to you . 
  what 's life without a little adventure ? 
  if you could still get rhd ladas i would buy one in a heartbeat, 
  yeah true , i had n't thought of that . 
  it 's all rolled into the price when you buy something so nobody ever really thinks about it , or at least i do n't . 
   you do n't have to pay any taxes *** and *** can live your life on other people 's back through state handouts emphasis mine . 
  in the uk if you do n't work , you do n't pay taxes . 
  i always thought this was true everywhere . 
  trying to attract the lucrative mermaid market, 
   you ca n't just treat it like the loto and say there is 0.000001 % of it happening to me , whatever . 
  ca n't you ? 
  governments and police forces ca n't , but on an individual level i do more to protect myself from lightning strikes than terrorism . 
  it 's a scary thought , do n't get me wrong , but it 's so unlikely that i ca n't really work myself up to losing sleep over it . 
  in fact i think being unable to do much about it helps . 
  i worry about whether i should buy a fire extinguisher . 
  i do n't worry about what i 'd do in a terrorist attack because the answer is probably `` get shot . '', 
  maybe i 'm naive . 
  well sure , the bmw is going to be better even thirty years out of date . 
  the point is i can ( at least theoretically ) buy the lada brand new and have the funky styling , and maybe even some electric windows . 
  if bmw made a boxy car i 'd buy it in a heartbeat but nobody does any more . 
  it 's a putty adhesive , you use it to put posters up and stuff . 
  am i the only one who prefers the lada ? 
  obviously the bmw is superior in every way but that old fashioned boxy shape appeals to me a lot more than modern sleekness . 
  it has a `` no nonsense '' air about it, 
  i do n't know what the criteria are that you have to meet before someone will recognise you as a nation , i 'm not the un . 
  isis apparently do not meet those criteria . 
  the fact that isis and palestine ( according to you ) are both full of terrorists is irrelevant , if palestine can tick the box they need to be a nation , they are one . 
   how can you recognise a nation that support stabbing israelis ? 
  assuming that 's true , it does n't make palestine not a nation . 
  perhaps it makes them a nation of arseholes but they 're still a nation . 
  sovereignty is n't based on morals . 
  would you say that nazi germany was a nation ? 
  north korea ? 
  imperial britain ? 
  there 's only so long that gratitude lasts . 
  as an american you have huge advantages over these people every single day and live like a king compared to most of the world , but i bet you still complain about stuff . 
  day one out of the warzone nobody starts a riot over sandwiches . 
  six months of shitty food later they might . 
  memory , motivation , and gratitude all fade , especially when you 're stagnant in a camp with no hope or control over your life . 
  just because it 's been targeted before does n't mean it 's not strategically more resilient . 
  new york city had an ocean between it and al-qaeda, 
  guns do n't seem to help in all those school shootings you have in america, 
  we 'll see who 's laughing when everywhere else has been global warmed and we 're nice and cool . 
  let 's extrapolate that sample of one to millions and millions of people, 
  to be fair it 's an extensive global study on english language usage . 
  they might be generalising but i doubt they just made that reason up with no research . 
   i 've had french people ask me for directions in french ( and germans in german ) and they expect me to not only fully understand but to answer them in french ... 
  in britain ? 
  that 's some serious optimism, 
  i intend to do the duolingo course purely because of this . 
  despite ( or maybe due to ) its mad politics , russia is cool .
