  let 's just all get along , alle menschen werden br\u00fcder after all . 
  uk here . 
  the points you 've made are essentially it , although personally i do n't agree with them and want to stay in the eu . 
  there 's also a more general sentiment that britain used to be the most powerful country in the world and now we 're taking orders from * germans ? 
  * people do n't like the idea of it , despite the fact they 're hardly orders ( and it 's not even necessarily the germans ) and we 're certainly not the power we used to be . 
  as another commenter said , britain does n't feel like europe , due to it being an island and being at war with most of the continent since forever , and in general little culture differences . 
  we also share our language with the us so there 's a weird sort of thinking there that we should team up with them because of all their tanks and guns and stuff , rather than with the eu who seem primarily concerned with blustering about and trying to make us use the euro . 
  i have absolutely no idea whether we 're better off with the pound economically , but i 've never met anyone who would like the euro , and their reasoning is `` it is n't british ! '', 
  personally the only difference it would have on my day to day life is making exchange rates easier , 1 $ = 1 $ , and it would save hassle when i went on holiday . 
  i do n't know if other countries were this upset about losing the frank and the deutschmark or not but we 've got a bit of a thing about the pound . 
  just to be clear i do n't really share the views above and i highly doubt they bother david cameron too much , this is just what i hear whenever the eu gets brought up in conversation . 
  `` do n't mention the war '' comes from fawlty towers , a british sitcom from about twenty or so years ago . 
  it probably comes from good intentions , as in `` do n't tell the germans they 're all nazis because they wo n't like it '' but has become this massive stupid thing . 
  i think it 's dying out a bit now , fortunately . 
  how is the stereotype of germans having no sense of humour seen in germany ? 
  personally all the germans i 've met have been hilarious . 
  i went to paris , rome , and copenhagen last year ( seperately not all at once ) , spending no more than # 300 total each time , although admittedly it was only 3 days in each city . 
  paris i managed to wrangle at under # 200 . 
  it 's not a trivial amount of money of course , but if you 're down in the dumps about not being able to go , it * can * be done cheaply . 
  i hope it gets better for you . 
  i went with money i 'd saved up from my student loan while i had the chance , i do n't think i 'll be going away again within twelve months unless i can land a good job after i graduate . 
  not much chance of that happening by the looks of things . 
  ok you win . 
  everyone in the usa has a superior judgement of temperature than their british counterparts and 8 \u00b0 is n't cold . 
  considering room temperature is 25 \u00b0 c and the earth 's average surface temperature is 14 \u00b0 , i think that 's reasonable . 
  i 'm fairly sure a guy from texas or new mexico would think 8 \u00b0 is pretty chilly too . 
  bros for life, 
  i 'm english and even i thought that was cold . 
  for the first stop yeah , but if i want to go through france to somewhere else i 'll get held up again . 
  my post was n't very clear in retrospect . 
  i 've got big plans involving the eurotunnel and i do n't want to have to stop at border control * twice * like some sort of savage . 
   [ better than english chips ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oys28yc.gif ), 
  if i remember rightly breivik 's whole thing was to scare ` the left ' into not allowing more muslims into europe because of them all being roguish terrorists , his words not mine . 
  it would be a shame if this ~ ~ belgish ~ ~ attack in belgium turned out to be muslims after all , lending weight to his arguments and all the right wing nutters who 've been voted in this weekend . 
  the speed limit on the motorway i find is exactly 5mph faster than the guy in front of me in my lane , but seemingly 20mph slower than the ( full ) lane to my right so i ca n't pass him . 
  for photons , not cars . 
  i did n't vote this time round but i did a few years ago and if i remember rightly i got a little card in the post that i had to hand over when i voted . 
  not id as such , just a bit of paper with a number on it , but i guess it does the job . 
  bollocks . 
  most brits do n't actually read newspapers . 
  come for the weed , stay for the booze !, 
  sorry about all our teenagers going there to smoke when they can do exactly the same thing here as long as they 're quiet about it . 
  please enjoy their money . 
  britain will be too busy frantically trying to light the barbecue before it starts raining to vote on sunday i 'm afraid . 
  i would be voting but like an idiot i left my polling address as my parent 's house 200 miles away and did n't realise until a couple of days ago . 
  fingers crossed for anyone but ukip . 
  i like to think of myself as a tolerant guy but if there 's ever a time to start throwing around the `` gypsies are thieves '' stereotype i 'd say that it is while one of them is literally stealing your drainpipes . 
  yeah i tried to imply that with my * ok * . 
  it has a strong , growing economy , a competent military , and is a nuclear power , but half of its citizens are starving and it has a corrupt government . 
  it 's certainly no usa but i 'd argue it 's better off for having been in the empire ( despite how badly we treated it ) , and is faring much better than other former colonies , for instance the african ones . 
  i did look across the \u00d8resund at what i thought was malm\u00f6 , but i just checked on google maps ( hence my mastery of non-latin characters ) and it turns out it was probably \u00d8resundmotorvejen , or saltholm . 
  it was very convincing though , at least to an okunnig engelskt . 
  i visited denmark last year , with a transfer in amsterdam , where i gazed out of the window for a bit at a very flat landscape . 
  when i landed in denmark i could n't be sure we had n't got lost and gone back to amsterdam , at least from the air . 
  should n't complain though because i was able to walk all over copenhagen without so much as an incline to bother me . 
  much nicer than wales . 
  be fair , not all of them went back to shit . 
  india is * ok * , canada and america are doing alright for themselves . 
  australia would be nice if it were n't for all the ghastly creatures ^ and ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ animals, 
  too much steam for my liking , but it still is the vast minority do n't worry . 
  you just do n't hear about people saying `` come off it floods are n't caused by gays they 're caused by rain '' because it 's not a very interesting headline . 
  just english because we 're a spoilt bunch . 
  i intend to brush up after i graduate and do n't have to keep putting it on hold for exams and things . 
  is basically all the german anyone in britain seems to know , presumably it helps that bier and beer sound the same . 
  considering intercourse is `` geschlechtsverkehr '' you 're probably significantly better than average . 
  i do n't know what 's going on here but i have a feeling it 's got something to do with me . 
  while this is true , basically all i can remember from french lessons are `` je joue foot '' and `` je mange la baguette . '', 
  obviously there will be people in britain who speak french and other languages much better than this , but we do n't really learn it to the extent that other countries learn english . 
  welcome to europe . 
  if there 's one thing i 'm envious of the us about , it 's how cheap vehicles are to own there . 
  denmark is very big on cycling , at least in the cities . 
  i do n't live there so i ca n't say with any certainty , but i would n't be surprised if a lot of people in copenhagen do n't own a car at all , or happily get by on one per family . 
  very good point , i suppose i should n't complain . 
  it does mean i ca n't just drive around europe easily though , i have to mess about with ferries or trains . 
  first world problems i guess . 
  way to judge an entire continent by one angry german and a bunch of people on a forum . 
  most of the people in the thread are pointing out how it would be both a bad idea and impossible to break up google . 
   how about your continent create something innovative who do you think built the usa ? 
  who do you think invented practically everything before 1600 , and plenty since ? 
  use your brain . 
  i do n't mean to imply that those are n't valid issues , but outdoing google would n't be an easy task for anyone . 
  they did n't get to the top by chance . 
  honest question , why would this be illegal ? 
  why could n't the eu , or any other government type entity create a service which would be in competition with a company ? 
  maybe this is obvious , i 'm not an international trade lawyer so i do n't know , but i ca n't see a problem with it . 
  we have government funded healthcare after all , which presumably is in direct competition with private companies and could conceivably drive them out of business . 
  sort of . 
  it 's a fair question , two countries next door to one another with a shared language , history , and very similar cultures . 
  obviously there are reasons not to in both instances , but it 's not exactly absurd . 
  not all of us . 
  i 'm sorry about ukip . 
  i hope we can still be friends if they get their way . 
  it 's overrated really, 
  does ... does the eu not like us ? 
  the feelings definitely exist , but i do n't think they 're incredibly serious , at least not in the uk . 
  i hear a lot more `` leave the eu because the polish keep coming here and stealing our jobs '' than `` leave because the polish at home are stealing all our money '' , but in a much more general sense people are concerned about the eu costing us money and not giving anything back . 
  these are n't my views just to be clear . 
  particularly a few years ago when shit hit the fan in greece i think everyone in britain was a bit relieved that we were n't using the euro and so would n't take as bad a hit as the rest of europe . 
  i do n't really know how that worked out in the end though . 
  to be honest , i think a lot more people are concerned about internal spending than external .
