more info on latvians please !, 
  go jerk off and relieve some stress , dude . 
  ca n't be fun being a racist nofapper . 
  yeah i think the paprika is a pretty solid indicator . 
  at least in my experience eating in both countries . 
  where would that be ? 
  wow !, 
  thanks for the recommendation . 
  i 'm sure i 'll visit ireland again ; it was fantastic . 
  jesus , the cliffs of moher are insane . 
  i went two years ago and some people complain that it 's a bit too touristy , but i loved it . 
  it 's pretty breathtaking when you 're there , standing on the edge of the cliffs . 
  american here . 
  everyone i know has heard of her i 'm sure . 
  everybody liked conquering shit back in the day . 
  the ottoman empire was actually pretty lenient with subjugated peoples ; they were allowed to practice their religion and lived their lives pretty much completely uninterrupted apart from having to pay like 5 % bonus taxes for not being turkish . 
  that makes some sense to me . 
  i am doubtful that it was 2/3 , but i 've read some texts from that period and i can see a pattern of people constantly moving from one region to another , typically looking for work . 
  if you think of a source i 'd appreciate it . 
  explain the 2/3 were on the move thing please . 
  there were several german former pow 's in the town over from where i was born in missouri . 
  it 's beautiful and the town is called weingarten . 
  '' ... but can read or type pretty well . '', 
  that works perfectly . 
  good is more for literal good . 
  as in , donating to a charity is good . 
  but i am doing well , health-wise . 
  such a good comeback !, 
  he beat up some drunk dude for little to no reason . 
  nah , just glad i do n't live in eastern europe lol, 
  your english sucks , dipshit . 
  dumb question , but is that really all it takes to become a citizen ? 
  still going on in the states . 
  well that 's not true at all . 
  ` both fighter jets ? ', 
  two ? 
  i 'm 73, 
  i 'm visiting england this summer . 
  want to fight ? 
  or fuck , if you 'd prefer . 
  well you obviously masturbate while harassing people on the internet , so for all i know you kill puppies and stuff , too . 
  go get some more playstation achievements , dude . 
  those are really important . 
  otherwise what else will you be able to say you accomplished in your life ? 
  lol that is n't a homophone . 
  that word does derive from tatars . 
  and people can downvote my comment all they want , but that does n't change the fact that i 've seen `` tartar '' way more than `` tatar . '', 
  it seems to me like tatars and most eastern-europeans would use tatars , but english-speakers use tartars . 
  as an english-speaker , i just want to say that that spelling is incredibly prevalent . 
  i 've seen it in scholarly journals , video-games , books , etc. 
  we even have a dipping sauce that derives from tatars . 
  it 's called `` tartar sauce . '', 
  you can . 
  huh ? 
  so they do or what ? 
  your answer did n't clarify things . 
  why would that be ? 
  get flair so you do n't have to say `` i 'm british '' !, 
  american english ( feel free to add ) : drunk shitfaced hammered slammered slammed shitty loopy dumb gone faded crunk, 
  you 'll never succeed with that attitude . 
  i hope you do n't use `` olla '' very often ... 
  i 'm dumb ; ignore me . 
  / r/paradoxplaza bleeding into / r/europe ? 
  i think you 're delusional , man . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  even if what you said was 100 % true , you do n't fight fire with fire in a situation like that . 
  it 's two-face , not double-face . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  you 're incredibly mistaken as to what got people killed historically . 
  if anything , below average intelligence people were more likely to live because they did n't stir up intellectual or political shitstorms . 
  religion is not the defining characteristic of a culture . 
  it 's definitely a facet , but it does not define it . 
  western russia is just as european as lithuania , belarus , ukraine , romania , etc. 
  you mean present day alabama . 
  i agree with you , man . 
  civilian targets are always a no-no in my book , regardless of the circumstances . 
  dublin is probably an exception because it 's more of an international city , at least downtown where you most likely were . 
  i should have been more specific , as i was talking about northern ireland and the regions around it . 
  one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  i do n't agree with bombings and such , but to those who agreed with them they were respected and honored . 
  ireland is like that in some places . 
  there are memorials and pictures of irish independence fighters in bars or graffiti 'd on buildings/walls . 
  someone 's got ta be . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  very informative . 
  i knew that finnish was unique among most european dialects , but i was n't aware of basque being so different as well . 
  very cool . 
  i 'm glad my comment upset you . 
  can i ask why ? 
  shut the fuck up , you idiot . 
  we 're all just humans , and nations are lines drawn on a map . 
  that was totally bulgaria that invented the cyrillic alphabet , dude !, 
  it definitely is n't a liberal haven by any means , but people are usually more concerned about legislative quality and economic policy issues than they are about social issues . 
  it also has a lot to do with the fact that i travel in educated circles for the most part , as bad as that may sound . 
  my family and friends are at least independents if not liberal . 
  i 'm from missouri , and while there are definitely lots of people who do n't agree with marriage equality , there is definitely a stigma attached to publicly espousing those views . 
  you 'd almost certainly be told to stop . 
  i think an accurate comparison would be people that are anti-marriage equality in the united states . 
  anyone who is against it is immediately attacked for being a homophobe , nazi , idiot , etc. 
  it 's hard to disagree with those assessments sometimes , but i get what you mean on this issue .
