  i think it 's good that you offered an alternate viewpoint from people on the street themselves . 
  one person 's statements do n't make it the truth . 
  trust me , we do n't have debates . 
  shouting matches , maybe . 
  it 's a flag . 
  new zealand ? 
  i 've been lied to !, 
  my dad thought that scotland was an island !, 
  out of the hundreds of people i know ? 
  ridiculous . 
  please , sit down and seriously think about how ridiculous of an idea that is . 
  shit , a lot of people do n't even want a gun . 
  tazers can be lethal too . 
  not close to a firearm , no , but still . 
  definitely worse for you than riot shields . 
  i 'm from missouri , and i do n't know more than five people or so that conceal and carry . 
  please do n't make generalizations about me . 
  cop cars in the us always have big shotguns between the two front seats , it 's a bit scarier than a pistol . 
  yeah , that 's weird how that 's an exception . 
  apparently quite a bit of math went into devising the structure , though , so i have no idea . 
  i know why !, 
  the design of the qwerty keyboard comes directly from the typewriters that were made in the united states . 
  the first typewriters would commonly have keys get stuck together if they were pressed down at very close times , such as pressing r and then e a millisecond later . 
  because of this , the layout of the keys on the first typewriters required a setup where keys that are commonly used in sync with one another are far apart . 
  that 's why it sort of feels like you are bouncing all over the keyboard if you type quickly , because the letters that you 're typing have been purposefully constructed so as to be difficult to do so . 
  the most commonly used , good examples of pairs of letters that are n't close : st , th , ch , etc. 
  just think about how hard it is to type a word longer than one letter w/o reaching across the keyboard a couple times . 
  i honestly had no idea . 
  thanks . 
  why is greenland so lactose intolerant ? 
  are n't they of northern european descent ? 
  you make really crappy generalizations about society without any sources or even , really , a substantive argument that flows from point to point . 
  like most on the right , you blame institutions of learning for poisoning young minds . 
  you come across as anti-intellectual and anti-societal . 
  it seems like you 'd be better off moving to the united states and living in the backwoods somewhere . 
  interesting to note , however , is that canada actually has more guns per capita than the united states . 
  as an american , i 'm sorry for that . 
  it 's none of my fellow citizen 's business . 
  romans did n't always have lots of mercenaries unless you consider anyone joining the army for food and pay to be a mercenary . 
  the army was largely volunteer-based and was primarily italian ( roman ) until at least the later parts of the principate . 
  and even then , i was n't necessarily agreeing with the post above mine - i was answering a question asking what he was talking about . 
  holy shit i do n't know what i was expecting but jesus . 
  what 's that mean ? 
  how many guitarists does it take to screw in a light bulb ? 
  all of them . 
  one to do it , and the rest to talk about how they could do it better . 
  they 're the largest minority so they get picked on a bit . 
  i 've never once heard that term . 
  i think he 's talking more about the influx of non-romans into the empire . 
  groundwater is underground , sorry if that was n't clear . 
  a country called sinland sounds like it would be lots of fun though . 
  it 's disingenuous to call them neo-nazis . 
  do n't feel bad about that . 
  i 'm american and i would do the same thing . 
  nah i 'm good , i 'll check out canada or something . 
  enemy at the gates !, 
  marshes do n't feed into rivers . 
  the mississippi originates in ground water far to the northwest and then builds off of lots of smaller tributary rivers and streams . 
  wtf ? 
  every 6 minutes ** . 
  a typical 30-minute slot is actually 18 minutes of programming and 12 minutes of advertisement . 
  this is why i fucking never watch tv anymore . 
  you commented several hours after that guy and the closer to new you are on reddit the angrier the up voted comments are . 
  all three nails on the head , man . 
  jesus why does the second picture make him look like emperor palpatine, 
  is that true ? 
  that 's both sad and hilarious to me . 
  not true . 
  they wanted them to become christians as well . 
  just because they were second-class citizens does n't mean that they were n't indoctrinated into white american society against their will . 
  what 's goofy is that 's believed to come from a german name , not a native one . 
  well put . 
  i got downvoted for saying the same things just a couple of weeks ago . 
  went on vacation to sylt two years ago . 
  that 's a hell of a nice place to visit . 
  viking were , like most pre-modern men , primarily farmers . 
  what would typically happen is all of the fighting-age males who wished to participate would plant their crops , meet up with their lord ( who was usually called a king even if he only ruled a couple of villages ) and raid foreigners across the seas until it was time to harvest your crops . 
  alternatively , many vikings decided that they either had nothing to live for in their old homes or that they preferred wherever it was that they had raided , so they settled there . 
  normandy , the region in northern france that the allies invaded on d-day during ww2 , gets its name from the `` northmen '' who settled there and became subjects to the king of france . 
  so it 's easy to say that modern nordic countries are descendants of vikings because vikings were simply the warriors of those regions about 1200 years ago . 
  finland is probably an exception for the most part , but there were almost certainly some men from that area that would have been what we consider to be vikings in the common sense . 
  vast river networks and huge coastlines make europe pretty unique in world geography , and the quick , durable , and easy-to-make longboats proved very effective at reaching out and grabbing stuff very far from their home bases in scandinavia . 
  cubans started voting republican for one reason : republicans were harder on the castro administration . 
  exactly . 
  it 's like west-side story without the happy ending where the blood-feud eventually ends . 
  you 're either stupid or completely ignorant of american fiscal policy . 
  i 'm hoping it 's just ignorance . 
  that 's an over-exaggeration . 
  most likely it means divisions or battalions which i would imagine are about a couple thousand men each . 
  i 'm just sick of the texas shtick that 's so common among some europeans . 
  lots of them think it 's radically different from the rest of the country . 
  texas has less guns per capita than several states . 
  montana is probably the highest and my home state of missouri has a metric shit-ton . 
  if you skim some parts it will still take at least a couple of months reading in your spare time . 
  but when i move my mouse over your flag it says ethiopia . . ? 
  exactly . 
  spain could n't hang onto anything in north america other than central america either . 
  same thing with the louisiana purchase . 
  france was never going to hold onto it for long . 
  elaborate on this love between azerbaijan and turkey you 've mentioned twice ?
