  as someone who did n't find out they were dyslexic until i was 16 i still have the night terrors and flashbacks . 
  you should try tayto crisps in the republic and the north then comment on the debate about which is nicer that tears this island apart . 
  ah sure we all know it 's the numbers lottery you play every time you get some buckfast . 
  this is lies and slander so it is , lies and slander . 
  i bet they do n't even have brown lemonade ... how can you pretend to be drinking mixed whiskey infront of your mates when your driving home without it ? 
  this ` irish breakfast ' you lads keep talking about when the obvious superiority of the the ulster fry is right there smacking you in the face !, 
  but seriously it 's the nhs . 
  meh i do n't claim to speak for all of us we really do n't . 
  dire tune , and if it was n't a cluster feck to do it we would have a conversation about changing our anthem at the commonwealth and international footy . 
  i 'm a fan of tell me ma ' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox7_yn02v3e, 
  this and your heretic tayto are two of the three biggest hurdles to a united ireland . 
  ca n't be putting up with this shite so i ca n't . 
  that 's probably because most of those scientists were unionists ... athlo this argument falls apart because many of the playwrights poets and novelists were too but not as many . 
  he actually went to the same school as me and we were told that had he known his discovery would have led to the nuclear bomb he would never have have published his research . 
  interesting guy . 
  i 've very little knowledge about this woman as its a bit before my time but i would definitely include her under irish along with john hume athlo all round the fact we can have this conversation about these people proves just how much ni was and to a degree still is a mess . 
  as far as peace prizes goes the gfa as many faults as it has is one of the few i feel incredibly deserving of the prize . 
  i said he would probably see himself as both as the terms are n't and were n't mutually exclusive . 
  `` i bring to the distinction of being british the honour of being irish '' - oscar wilde, 
  the physics one is so-so i mean he was born in what is now the the roi in a united ireland part of the uk to a methodist minister then raised up , mostly educated and died in belfast but won his prize while at cambridge with a spell at ucd for his undergrad . 
  he was of a generation where you could be both british and irish and it 's how he saw himself . 
  to be fair some of those peace ones surrounding the good friday agreement are pretty dodgy . 
  edit : by which i mean it includes david trimble leader of the ulster unionists who would n't see himself as irish and ironically is not claimed as a irish citizen by the irish state under the agreement he got the prize for and has n't claimed the irish citizenship he 's entitled too . 
  we 're not really that bothered about global warming in scotland because we 'll get to stand on our mountains and watch the english drown - frankie boyle . 
  as an irishman i too understand having your culture stolen by the english . 
  you mean the ones we saved when it was being used as an arsenal ? 
  the should have asked scotland , northern ireland and wales ... we could have made the greeks look like they love you . 
  athlo i have no idea why greeks would hate england so much . 
  well since the end of wwii since that saw the rise of labour and end of the lib dems chances of being in government . 
  the election after ww1 which saw the rise of sf and ireland declaring independence too . 
  probably has something to do with culturally catholic being an identity to show difference from protestantism of ulster throughout history too . 
  until the 90 's it was an integral part of who the roi were as a country . 
  `` i 'm an atheist catholic , i do n't believe in god but i still hate rangers '' - dara o ` briain . 
  that does n't mean it should be a compulsory subject , it should be similar to how scotland treats there old native language , optional classes or optional gaelic schools for those who want it while those who do n't want it do n't have to go near it since it provides no significant education or employment benefit like other core subjects . 
   unis in ireland require a language to get in , uni 's in ireland require you to know irish for nearly everything , which as an irish person who hates languages especially dying ones with no real world value except cultural who would n't be able to use that time to study something i wanted i can tell you is utter bullshit . 
  despite this saying that on r/ireland will see you downvoted to oblivion . 
  it 's not like we did n't try to help . 
  it 's just that going for russia after germany was lunacy . 
  i 'm assuming that page omits northern ireland because i feel like we have as many as that in a given year ? 
  i know that the royal navy is bigger than the one shown here by quite a bit which has made me wonder what the french on is actually like , does anyone have a infographic ? 
  rumour has it if any intergalactic war was going to start it would be over something stupid on uss balkans . 
  it 's almost like me saying tit for tat secterian killings and terrorism is a bad thing is a recurring theme of what i 'm posting and that neither of those two groups ( uvf/ira ) were good guys fighting for a noble cause . 
  i can agree with that . 
  i do think if we had had a partial reform then to one man one vote and gradual reform through liberalisation we would have been in a better position . 
  we would have mirrored scotland although at a slower pace which had much the same problems as evident in it always voting for the unionist party because of it 's sectarian divide but once secularism becomes more common and nationality is less tied to religion it loses some of those problems . 
  yes , i agree , the uda/uvf are utter cunts and terrorists . 
  i do n't really understand where you get the impression i 'm defending there actions . 
   as loyalist mobs get on with the ethnic cleansing of entire areas your misinterpreting what i 'm saying . 
  this had n't really happened until the troubles actually started . 
  that happened incredibly quickly once the troubles start , the burning of bombay street starts the day after the bogside riots start over a derry apprentice boys parade being allowed to pass the outskirts of the estate which is generally considered the beginning of the troubles . 
  it also was n't entirelly one way the protestants in city side of derry , west belfast and areas of north belfast were put out too however they had the protection of the ruc wheras the ruc did n't care about the catholics being put out which is why they suffer worse . 
   unionists were completely unwilling to consider any reasonably solution i agree with most of what you said , i 'm actually very sympathetic to the catholic cause just not the means of how it was achieved . 
  i would also say that people being burnt out of houses and changing of demographics in rural towns was very much a two way thing but the ruc were very sectarian in who they protected as it was happening . 
  however onto the bit i quoted , thats only really true once the troubles have actually started . 
  as i said before there were attempted reforms of ni before the troubles reared it 's head with o'neil when he was leader of the uup and when the civil rights marches began . 
  once it descended into violence ( which it could be argued ian paisley helped start , but he wa n't a politician at the time ) it burnt up any good will within unionism which was close to passing a one man one vote not related to property ownership ( according to the oxford presses ' a short history of northern ireland ' ) which was the main gripe along with allocation of housing . 
  the violence however led to a deterioration and more right wing unionism and rise of hardliners in iain paisley and later the dup as i alluded to above instead of more moderate church of ireland leadership . 
   whole civilian casualties make up a small proportion of the people murdered by the republican side during the troubles , less than the british army and hugely less than the loyalist paramilitaries . 
  of those killed by british security forces : 187 were civilians 145 were members of republican paramilitaries 18 were members of loyalist paramilitaries 13 were fellow members of the british security forces of those killed by republican paramilitaries : 1080 were members/former members of the british security forces 723 were civilians 187 were members of republican paramilitaries 57 were members of loyalist paramilitaries 11 were members of the irish security forces of those killed by loyalist paramilitaries : 877 were civilians 94 were members of loyalist paramilitaries 41 were members of republican paramilitaries 14 were members of the british security forces the ira actually killed a lot more civilians the british army . 
  indeed it actually killed more catholic civilians than the british army too . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's balck and white what i 'm saying is it 's a lot closer to the dark grey side of the spectrum than it was a military campaign . 
  i hole heartedly disagree . 
  it certainly did n't bring the unionists to the table . 
  the only thing it did was make the ira realise a political ending was the only possible ending when sf won some seats and if it had n't been for all the terrorism we would have had that in the 80 's not the end of the 90 's as the terrorism was what emboldened unionist not to be intimidated into giving up ground . 
  if it had only been the sdlp and hume you would have been in the moral high ground with a more sympathetic unionism ( which had actually only narrowly failed to pass the o'neil reform bill before the outbreak of the troubles ) and british government . 
  instead reaction to terrorism lead to a more hard line unionism taking over with the presbyterians becoming the majority of the political establishment as well as the free presbyterians ( who are actual nutters ) getting more power instead of the more moderate church of ireland protestants in charge . 
  political discourse would n't have took 40 years if the terrorism on both sides had n't happened . 
  a furniture factory is not a military target . 
  omagh high street is not a military target . 
  bloody friday were not military targets . 
  birmingham pub bombings were not military targets . 
  kingsmill was cold blooded murder not a military target . 
  they were the acts of terrorism not a military campaign . 
  bobby sand 's specifically was a terrorist , ( it could be debated that others perhaps did deserve military status but he certainly did n't ) now granted there were some that could be considered military targets but in terms of ratio of bombs targeted at the military to bombs in a belfast street for no reason they lean heavily towards the terrorism side . 
  and i agree in a way with what you said , any war is just people being cunts and the british army is n't above being a cunt . 
  however there is a difference when a country has two standing military 's duking it out . 
  heck theres even a difference between what the guerilla tactics of hit and run warfare are than there is with what the paramilitaries in ni did of hit and then hide in civilians because if anyone kills civilians they get more recruits . 
  northern ireland has the highest unemployment rate in the uk , 1 in 4 children in belfast are currently living in poverty , theres some towns like lurgan and larne that are just wastelands and we have the lowest average wages in the uk . 
  theres some major legacies of the troubles that are going to take years to correct . 
  theres been intermittent rioting and bomb scares for years now , there nowhere near as common as they where but still not uncommon . 
  they are however more confined to certain areas usally those of higher poverty rates where protestants and catholics live near each other . 
  per year the ni budget given by westminster is # 20bn , we make # 8bn in revenue so were effectively propped up to the tune of # 12bn by the british government without witch the entire country would collapse . 
   richest regions of the eu northern ireland is far from the richest region in europe . 
  if you mean the uk , the only bit westminster cares about is the south-east of england and thats it . 
   the hunger strikers were n't arrested for simply committing crimes bobby sands was arrested for bombing a furniture factory ( because maybe the brits would leave if they had nowhere to sit ) 150m from my house , he then got involved with a shoot out with the police as he tried to flee the scene . 
  it 's not an act of war it 's just being a cunt ( something people on all sides of ni were very good at ) . 
  to me much like the uda , uvf etc the ira were common criminals and the peace process would have been better achieved through john hume than the bomb . 
   spanish , french , portuguese i mean these ones very , very definitely did the two iberian ones probably being the worst for it of any colonial powers . 
  especially when you consider one of the main reasons for the american revolution was the british signing a peace treaty with the natives to not expand past the appalachians . 
  up down !, 
  up down !, 
  fuck you andorra !, 
  french did n't even give you any gold ... the ungrateful swine !, 
  i can only speak for northern ireland but in terms of investment in infrastructure the majority of that comes from eu conflict resolution funds , agriculture is the largest part of our economy which is subsidised by the eu , the eu is the neutral figure in the good friday and st andrews peace agreements because it was decided neither the roi or uk could be impartial in disputes . 
  etc , etc. 
  i dunno i 'm from seymour hill and i disagree . 
  i mean i 'm northern irish from the unionist/protestant tradition , the dup are to northern ireland what ukip are to england a hard right nationalist party . 
  you release both of those numbers are more decisively remain than the uk overall was leave ? 
  it only stands to reason that we therefore have a stronger vision of what we believe the future of the eu should look like than did the english and welsh where opinion was more divided . 
  supposedly the uk came very close to a coup in 1974 against harold wilson too .
