there 's never been one in another part of the uk . 
  someone has n't seen a lot of the ira and uda flags in belfast . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fault_ ( geology ) it 's basically a fracture in rock caused by tectonic movement ( sort of like when you see photos of a fence displaced after an earthquake but over a longer time frame the displacement is usually far bigger ) , the irish sea is a failed rift system much like the north sea which means there 's a lot of faults . 
  the baltic is like 20 meters deep . 
  the irish sea ... well is n't and has load of faulting in it . 
  the history of ireland from 1500 to now is pretty much a story in the horrors that religion can cause in the wrong hands . 
  to be fair there have been two referendum in northern ireland since 1916 , one was the election in 1921 which doubles as a referendum and again in the 70 's , there was also some discussion about one two years ago with the dup offering it to sf colloquially ( mostly because they knew unionism would win since now 52 % of catholics in ni even support the union ) . 
  technically a case can be made for the good friday agreement being a 3rd referendum too . 
  believe me , for me it was a waste of time . 
  i 've also never used it outside of a classroom and probably never will . 
  i doubt it 's were quite but more we do n't care . 
  the person probably drew the map dressed as king billy wearing a sash . 
  i think these include pedestrians as well . 
  i imagine the us would be higher due to the lack of public transport meaning more car use , the relative ease of obtaining a licence and in general it has less regulations than the eu on car safety ( that 's why many american cars do n't make it to sale in the eu athlo obama seems to want to introduce further regulations ) . 
  they would need to give the east access to the sea or it would be an economic basket case . 
  who knows maybe if you did n't they would become russian and do the classic have a warm water port thing . 
  ukraine is heavily divided between russian and ukrainian speaking , some are russian nationalists who would n't mind being part of the russian state . 
  yeah , ireland 's far better thought of in most countries , i mean it 's neutral and never been in a war since independence . 
  i work in oil , in nigeria and north africa there have been cases of the drill sites being attacked and people taken hostage , people on irish passports from belfast were let go , the british passport holders where not as lucky . 
  it also has the disadvantage of growing up in northern ireland . 
  i use my irish one to go to argentina and swaves of africa , british for the rest . 
  there are no england boundraies on this map so you ca n't really see what they think . 
  to be fair i actually use my british passport most of the time but i 'm meh on the entire nationality thing , only really use the irish one for certain countries ( mostly for work because if muslim terrorists invade your oil platform it 's far better if they have you down as irish instead of british ) . 
  hey now !, 
  down with this sort of thing , people from belfast are n't culchies now . 
  come to belfast ... we still have bombs . 
  it did n't do very well for the first 70 years of that however ... 
  it took the eu supporting ireland 's ambitions for it too take off, 
  support for the union in northern ireland is at 97 % for portestant 's and 52 % for catholics ... thats far higher than the 48 % of english people that support it . 
  source : http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/edwest/100095628/northern-ireland-catholics-are-now-more-unionist-than-the-english-can-the-united-kingdom-last/ it 's not even a remote possibility for the next 25 years . 
  the problem is we know the history , we have the records , there in boxes in london with ` classified ' on them but the average dog on the street knows what they say and most of them have already been trawled through by historians and the lessons laid bear for all to see . 
  we know what happened on bloody sunday , we know exactly what happened , another # 250 million wo n't change what happened and is unlikely to reveal evidence that has n't already been seen . 
  if we learnt anything from the troubles we would n't have went into afghanistan and we would n't be using indiscriminate drones because that makes people bitter and vengeful , but we did n't learn not because people did n't already know that but because they ( tony blair in this case ) refuse to listen to what we know . 
  it 's a fucking waste of money on the dead and keeping us bitter at `` usones ' and ` themuns ' that could be spent moving us out of the 1690 's into the 21st century . 
  they can only get 3 months jail because of the good friday agreement so an inquiry into something we already know the answer to is just spunking money up the wall . 
  instead of having an inquiry for everything in the troubles and living in the past we could just spent those hundreds of millions of # in legal fees on infrastructure and get on building our future . 
  irish has the best terminologies for alcohol . 
  i mean in irish whiskey means water of life . 
  we all know i in scottish and ulster-scots is ` aye ', 
  you may . 
  i also like grammar schools , but being northern irish we retained that system and i went from council estate to best school in the country because of it . 
  i vote greens in eu elections because they want to reform the eu and i personally think we should n't leave but as it is the eu is a mess . 
  i would vote ukip second in an eu election just so we re look our position in it but would n't consider it in a national election . 
  ( also because i 'm ridiculously left leaning so they would have around zero of the other policies i like ), 
  i meant more the 475 years before 1998 and general feck ups it translated into . 
  i would also say belief in god in n.i is far higher than the rest of the uk . 
  or cities were most clinic are ... it 's not like theres an abortion clinic in wiltshire fields . 
  were turning all that oil into latex condoms . 
  to be fair a significant amount of northern ireland 's problems are because of religious fruitcakes . 
  and there closing it down supposetly as the dup tightens it 's grip on the regulations . 
  this has ireland as one country instead of four ( often more too ) competing kingdoms ... 
  someone get editing !, 
  someone has never seen the uk-ireland border . 
  in the other home nations she did n't go down very well . 
  infact the only thing we could agree on in northern ireland in the 80 's was we did n't like her . 
  county antrim and down would be there own islands ... as the only two counties with a protestant majority this would solve a fair few of ireland 's headaches . 
  the english will have to re invade by sea channel or over the mountain passes were your well trained rams will decimate them . 
  scotland would like you to retract your mountains statement, 
  the apple does n't fall far from the tree . 
  hey now , down with this sort of thing . 
  ( i say as a dyslexic northern irish unionist whos not burning flags ), 
  i think bullshit is the only language politicians understand . 
  the phrase ` temporarily partitioned ' is a loaded coin , in the history of this island it has never been an independent united country . 
  using it almost makes it appear like it has some sort of historical pretext and was at some point . 
  the good friday agreement is merely a vote to allow us to judge our own destiny . 
  it allows us to remain as we are in the uk , join a ui later along the road or go independent should we ever wish too . 
  it was not a debate of borders . 
  it allowed the roi to change it 's constitution to not specifically make a territorial claim to northern ireland but allow it 's citizens birth citizenship should they wish to have it . 
  used to be the colour of our sports teams but it caused confusion when we played scotland so we changed it . 
  in terms of youth participation it 's the largest sport just not match attendances but thats because everyone supports sky tv and some english ponce or celtic . 
  would it surprise you to learn the official colour of ireland is actually st patricks blue instead of green ? 
  a northern irish accent and southern accent are night and day apart . 
  i always get people asking me say 33 and a third to see the disappointment on there face when it 's not what they expected . 
  at that point i go for power shower or how now brown cow and blow there minds . 
  not in the slightest ... 
  i do n't trust westminster or stormont either though . 
  they do n't carry them all the time any more . 
  athlo i suspect theres probably an increased tendency for them to carry them on patrols in nationalist areas simply because there more likely to be shot there . 
  northern irish native english speaker . 
  i know a bit of latin , french and some very basic latin but as a mild-bad dyslexic learning languages is n't something i 'm particularly good at and i really do n't enjoy it . 
  this explains far too well why i get laid more when i 'm home in belfast than i do in uni at aberdeen . 
  northern ireland is the same as this but the north bit of the island . 
  you have to remember 100 years ago ulster was only a whisker away from declaring war on both the united kingdom and any self governing irish forces . 
  independent northern ireland ... live the dream !, 
  christ ... 
  i 'm a unionist and even i 'd be afraid of the dup being in charge of anything more than 2 sticks and a zippo lighter, 
  incase anyone is wondering belfast is from the irish ` b\u00e9al feirste ' , meaning `` rivermouth of the sandbanks '' which is because before it had the weir installed it was tidal and at low tide some of the mudflats were exposed . 
  the day we have an effective government will require most people over a certain age having passed on along with there antiquated ideas ... edit : if northern ireland proves anything it 's that people will attach to an idea and stick to it no matter how ludicrous an idea it is . 
  norn iron, 
  there already is one . 
  it 's about 3 % of people , united ireland is low 20 's % if we ever became economically viable ( something that wont happen in my life time ) i would favour independence over unionism or a united ireland . 
  this is what happened in ireland sf won nearly all the seats but only 46.9 % of the vote and then declared independence . 
   far more than the equivalent given to wales and northern ireland ni is as devolved as scotland and has been since 1921 because the english do n't want to touch it with a 40ft pole because stirring a hornets nest is a piss poor idea . 
  i dunno theres an actual part of the uk were integration after immigration has failed for 700 years running and has resulted in a collapsed devolved assembly , dozens of bombs and riots in the street in the past year . 
  probably be more similar to say scotland is not the united kingdom a political construct like spain is rather than britain which is geographical one like the iberian peninsula is . 
  spanish peninsula used to be made up of a few different countries , kingdom of aragon makes up an area similar to that of catalonia and joined the kingdom of castile that we would recognise as the proto spranish in whats known as the iberian wedding . 
  you also had navarra , leon , galacia , granada , portugal etc on the peninsula all at the same time and there cultures , language etc all survives to a certain extent in different regions . 
  i 'm sorry but you have to pick a side ... 
  i do n't make the rules . 
  james joyce - ulysses,
