yeah , history , documents and international law is why russia would want malta . 
  not greed or imperialism or whatever , no sir . 
  you and i do n't have a right to criticise france 's military history mate . 
  stolen byzantine stuff, 
  my elementary teacher unironically believed this, 
  spoilerino : literally every country does this, 
  anglicanism was a mistake, 
  ye i 'm going to have to ask for sources on those 10 million killed by the brits . 
  looks like harris and eisenhower missed a few :\\ ^ ), 
   most nations had death camps , and concentration camps yeah , sure  while others preferred their own methods such as ? 
  i hate wehraboos just like you fam , but wishing harm upon civilians when it is entirely avoidable is disgusting . 
  [ people died for this patch of land ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/304/media/images/64610000/gif/_64610780_chechny.gif ), 
  worth noting that these were n't soviets in the sense they were from the soviet union ( hell the place barely existed at this point ) , but people from so called `` people 's councils '' or * soviets * in russian . 
  because we should n't drop to their level . 
  and ironically the byzantine empire did n't have an spq nor the r. 
  i find it hilarious that people actually believe this, 
  that 's hilarious and sad at the same time . 
  and an old one at that as well . 
  how did they get their hands on a t-34 / 85 ? 
  yeah , we should prevent mistakes and actually enforce the treaty . 
  why does it keep happening, 
  especially if reddit could decide, 
  did it ever live ? 
  so city bombings count as genocide now ? 
  that 's literally a war crime, 
  whatever you say turkey, 
  except genocide denial is n't freedom of speech , it 's the denying of a historical fact . 
  what 's the downside of this bill ? 
  there will never be valuable discussions on this subject anyway . 
  they will only lead to xenophobia and hatred . 
  the only reason he lived was because of his freikorps buddies . 
  except pedophiles were actually sent to concentration camps during nazi reign . 
  only the bad parts, 
  whatever you say turkey, 
  ironically these people would be the first to go under an actual nazi regime, 
  current year eh, 
  kinda , the choice of clothing is okay-ish , but the jaguar print mantle is just * horrendous * ... ik bedoel , leve willy !, 
  not on the scale of generalplan ost , no . 
  you mean lists based on silly eugenics detailing how about half of the population should be exterminated , and the other half worked to death ? 
  no , not really . 
  and if they had , most eastern-european countries would n't exist today . 
  slavs or not , they were still untermensch according to hitler , and as such they were still put on the kill list for generalplan ost . 
  three if you count the thirty-years war . 
  dae amerikkka is more imperialist ? 
  that 's why i said it was a phyrric victory for the soviets as well . 
  and honestly , losing a tenth of your country and a third of your industry is n't really a strategic victory . 
  what they had in mind and what they declared they wanted are two very different things . 
  the soviets also likely had in mind that they were going to occupy the entirety of germany during the war . 
  they were n't . 
  does that mean they lost ? 
  they got what they demanded ( and more ) in the end . 
  if we 're going that route , the nazis did n't actually win from the netherlands , because they held out a few days longer than expected . 
  they got to dictate the terms of peace in their favour , and got more land than they initially demanded . 
  that 's an operational victory , albeit a phyrric one . 
  they got the regions they wanted , yeah . 
  they did n't get the entire country of course , but they got what they came for . 
   the event was actually known before the independence , except back then the government 's official position that it was a natural disaster . 
  do you really think people did n't notice millions disappearing ? 
  knowing about it = / = knowing the exact numbers and places . 
   there are plenty historians who do n't depict it as an accident . 
  at the very least it 's a crime against humanity . 
  there are also plenty historians who do depict it as an accident . 
   the final point from me is that you ca n't compare million deaths of one group against another . 
  it 's incomparable , both regimes were atrocious . 
  the deaths are n't comparable , the numbers and * especially * the motivations are . 
  even robert conquest , the guy who came up with ridiculously high kill counts during the cold war ( and rightfully so , the soviet archives had n't been opened yet and he did what he could with what he had ) , says the soviet union is responsible for 15 million deaths at minimum . 
  compare that to the 25 million minimum that hitler killed in a way shorter timespan . 
  the holodomor was n't on purpose . 
  the reason we only know about the holodomor in ukraine is because ukraine became independent and its archives got opened . 
  other areas that were affected by the famine are still part of russia . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a communist or a tankie , i 'm just someone that really despises nazi-germany . 
  except the soviet union killed less than the nazis , and some of its kills were , to put it gently , accidents . 
  alright then , i 'm going to ask you this : one guy kills 7 people over the course of several years . 
  some of these deaths were accidental , some were on purpose . 
  another guy walks into a cafe and guns 10 people down before he himself gets shot . 
  if he was n't shot , he would 've killed far more . 
  which one of the two is more evil ? 
  so ... because the soviets actually had the time to enact their policies , they 're more evil ? 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  go read up on generalplan ost and the treatment of slavs in occupied areas . 
  that 's all i have to say . 
  what are the correct numbers according to you then ? 
  and for fuck 's sake , i 'm not apologizing for soviet crimes of any kind . 
  i have no love for communism and i despise the soviet union . 
  but you know who i despise far more ? 
  nazi germany . 
  that 's been my point from the start . 
  the su was terrible , yes , but nazi germany was far worse . 
  the soviets are worse than the nazis ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  did all those eastern-european countries get systematically exterminated and replaced by what the ussr calls superior people ? 
  did the survivors get worked to death ? 
  fuck , the sheer existence of germans in east-germany , polish in poland , hungarians in hungary proves that the soviets were better than the nazis . 
  because if the roles were reversed , there would n't be any russians left . 
  same for all those other eastern-european countries . 
  soviets killed about 15-20 million people in 70 years . 
  a lot of these deaths were because of sheer incompetence . 
  nazis purposefully killed about 25 million people in 12 years and would 've killed far more had they been given the chance . 
  but hey , totes the same right ? 
  it was evil alright , just far less evil than nazi germany .
