  was it an oppressive , brutal , imperialist regime . 
  but it was n't genocidal , and certainly not to the extent of the nazis . 
  it was n't purposeful , it was just typical commie incompetence . 
  did i ever say the su was good ? 
  oh yes , you 're completely correct . 
  some useful idiots like finland and romania he allowed to survive . 
  almost everyone else would be wiped out however . 
  stalin killed those who disagreed with his regime , hitler wanted to kill everyone east of germany . 
  but obviously both are the same right ? 
  two can play at that game . 
  tell your story to my friend who got experimented upon while alive because he was seen as genetically inferior . 
  the holodomor was n't a genocide , it was a man-made famine . 
  finland was an operational victory , though with very heavy losses . 
  except only one of the two was a genocidal regime that was intent on completely exterminating the other 's population . 
  su very much has a moral high ground , solely because of how evil nazi germany was . 
  well to be fair , 1941 was when the war started in earnest for the soviet union . 
  golly gee whiz why would that be ? 
  no idea myself either . 
  the chinese also had an embassy in constantinople during the byzantine empire . 
  but how long until we decide enough is enough ? 
  cant barrage the farage, 
  bringing petain back ? 
  any sources of russia running out of money in 4 months ? 
  thanks , i guess ? 
  that would be pretty cool actually it would n't be a fight of ` who is the best ' , but more ` who is the least shit ' . 
  the reason a ton of soldiers surrendered was mostly because of the numerous german encirclements and idiotic , desperate manouvres made by stalin and his yes-men that put the average soviet soldier in a pretty shitty situation . 
  though a case could be made about the ukrainians , who had suffered the holodomor less than a decade before . 
  and they [ actually did try ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_liberation_army ) to use soviet pows as soldiers , but it never really got off the ground because of the whole ` slavs are untermensch ' schtick that was a fundamental part of nazi ideology ( which was also the reason about 60 % of soviet pows died in german captivity and why barbarossa started in the first place ) . 
  good example is again , ukraine . 
  they hailed the nazis as liberators at the start of the war , but those sympathies soon ended as they saw the nazis were far worse than the soviets . 
   or they might come to another treaty with hitler , who knows ? 
  it was a war of extermination . 
  neither side was going to back down at any point . 
  also worth noting is that most lendlease only started coming as late as 1943-1944 . 
   yes , but germans kept quite a considerable armies in the west anyway . 
  only about 20 % of the wehrmacht . 
  the rest was facing the red army . 
  also worth noting that a lot of these western units were boys and old men , while the red army faced the most experienced formations . 
   did n't i mention somewhat more factors ? 
  you did . 
  regardless , winter and * rasputitsa * were only a minor factor in the nazi defeat . 
   it is a fact all right , but they would n't have achieved that with no supplies from western allies , they probably would have , it would just have taken a lot longer  no war going on in the west , war in the west did n't truly start until early june 1944 , which was after stalingrad and kursk , and just before operation bagration . 
   and no weather conditions that caused all armies throughout the history but one to fail in there . 
  yes . 
  winter was all that caused hitler to fail . 
  not the german overextended supply lines , not their total lack of preparation for winter , not the ever-increasing amount of divisions being mobilized , and certainly not acts of tactical genius from people like not-zhukov and not-rokkosovski . 
  nope . 
  just winter . 
  please provide proofs that align with my worldview, 
  [ here 's a ton of 'em ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_during_the_occupation_of_germany#references ), 
  there 's tons of eyewitness accounts that support the claim . 
  are you saying those are all fabricated ? 
  in a massive conspiration of sorts ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  concentration camps were far far worse than anything the soviets had . 
  even at their worst ` only ' 15 % of gulag prisoners died . 
  just compare the amount of deaths in gulags with the amount of deaths in concentration camps . 
  and then remind yourself that the nazis did all that in about a tenth of the time the soviets had . 
  hell , if hitler had won most countries in eastern-europe * would not exist anymore . 
  * their populations would 've been completely wiped out , and their lands resettled by german colonists . 
  now compare that to what the soviets did . 
  pretty bad , huh ? 
  maybe , just * maybe * that was because the soviets denied it and suppressed anyone who tried to open up about it ? 
  compared to the nazis the soviets were good guys . 
  i don \u00b4 t agree with the guy you \u00b4 re arguing with , but the su did commit some 2 million rapes in german territory . 
  i do , and i also know how much worse the nazis were . 
  it 's not because the soviets were nice blokes that they can be seen as good guys ; they can be seen as good guys because the nazis were infinitely worse . 
  except the soviets were pretty much good guys compared to the nazis . 
  well to be fair , when the previous occupants are intent on 80 % of the population , i 'd say the soviets were pretty much liberators . 
  speaking of which : would there actually be places where people still think they live in tsarist russia ? 
  will russia ever be not autocratic ? 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  we got lost and sailed into the medway by accident , and while we were there we thought `` hey , are n't those our ships ? '', 
  so we took them and kinda left . 
  so you 're saying that bullets are meant for killing and killing alone ? 
  except bullets - as shown here - can also be used for non-lethal subdueing . 
   comment wishing the best for some refugees is being massively downvoted oh / r/europe , never change ^ ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ ^ do, 
  yeah , better kill em !, 
  right ? 
  purging like it 's 1937, 
  nah , we use the abbreviation nsb , which is a polite term for ` far right ' . 
  hell no gdansk is polish, 
  also , high is to the left , low is to the right . 
  germany declared war on a sovereign nation allied to the two . 
  regardless , germany and austria-hungary were massive warmongers , far more so than france . 
  i know tgw , but germany and austria-hungary were far far more responsible for ww1 than france . 
  yet they were n't the ones who declared war on germany . 
  yeah , those damn warmongering belgians !, 
  and those expansionist aggressive french !, 
  b-but / r/worldnews told me europe is falling apart, 
  they were for a large part responsible for it though, 
  there is only the erdogan , he is our shield and protector . 
  saudi-arabia was a mistake, 
  whatever you say russia , you defender of truth and reason . 
  then pour salt and vinegar over it ? 
  they found tons of evidence that could be pinned to nazi leaders, 
   their kings are not permanent rulers , but they appoint men of merit . 
  when a severe calamity visits the country , or untimely rain-storms , the king is deposed and replaced by another . 
  the one relieved from his duties submits to his degradation without a murmur . 
  bahahahaha,
