he supports the principle of consent which you voted for under the gfa , so you have been ` asked ' . 
  dammit i do n't get it !, 
  no you 're bang on the mark !, 
  there were plenty of interviews around the indyref and it was a complete sense of dismay . 
  i would n't be surprised if the troubles started up again . 
  you echo my sentiments exactly . 
  as far as ni goes , what do you think will happen there ? 
  i guess in that eventuality the gfa would be made redundant , and i doubt england would want to be left with ni . 
  great analysis !, 
  i think the snp know that there is no point in having a referendum if the thing you outlined are n't in play . 
  any chance of something similar in wales or is that completely off the table ? 
  he was referring to a political uprising ... 
  also 52 % of natural born scots voted for independence , i had no idea !, 
   \u00c9vora bad fucking ass !, 
  4 days after it happened, 
  dunno why you 're getting down-voted for this . 
  the regressive left is strong tonight . 
  i had no idea public opinion was against nato in turkey , why is this ? 
  probably the only time i 'll upvote you / u/shock-trooper - you 're bang on the mark with this one . 
  i 'm fortunate enough to be able to work from home , so i have the freedom to travel , but i never do , i need to put myself out of my comfort zone !, 
  it invigorated the nationalist electorate , and created the rise of modern day sinn fein in a nutshell . 
  they got pretty much all of their demands met . 
  they also got a fuck ton more weaponry from the good colonel . 
  hindsight is always 20/20 but the troubles could have went either way at that point - british state papers pretty much state that . 
  not true - the hunger strikers eventually paved the way for the peace process . 
  28 here , thinking of moving home in august to do a masters and was looking into it , is it worth it ? 
  i know the university at home has links with madrid and istanbul , looks class !, 
  the population has still never recovered . 
  you do n't have to cover every atrocity . 
  did you learn about the irish famine at least ? 
  i 'm just kidding , it 's on my bucket list to visit , it looks absolutely amazing . 
  kind of but not really . 
  3 million kurds in istanbul ? 
  where are the turks ? 
  `` constantinople '' is the term we like to use around here by the way . 
  holy shit that is amazing ... thanks for those pics !, 
  croatia was always on my list but you have sold me !, 
  same in northern ireland ... allah help them if they try, 
  i 'm going traveling this year , would montenegro be worth a visit ? 
  i totally will be voting for brexit ( if i 'm back in time to vote ) . 
  it will be very interesting if england votes to leave but scotland/wales and ni vote to stay . 
  think of the islamic terrorism in 2015 and think of what 's going to happen this year , i 'm pretty confident for brexit . 
  but back to the original story europe is a disaster , i hope ireland does n't end up like germany ... 
  i 'm just kidding by the way . 
  i am american and we do n't want the free state as the 51st state . 
  fuck no we do n't want the free state anywhere near us . 
  israel needs turkey like a hole in the head . 
  the russian bear roars and the turks go running to the israelis . 
  laughable really . 
  and this would apply to turkey also ? 
   also , it 's ridiculous how you can actually blame turkey for the terrorism pkk causes , instead of blaming pkk itself . 
  terrorist sympathizer is what you are , no less . 
  its a chicken and egg argument really . 
  it 's funny that you mention honor killings and fgm in the same breath as turkey with around 10 % of the population rabid islamists . 
   turkish kurdistan ? 
  never heard of it . 
  you mean south-eastern turkey , maybe ? 
  turkey does n't have an internal kurdish government like iraq with iraqi kurdistan . 
  and there is your problem . 
  maybe if you gave these people some autonomy and self respect you would n't have these problems . 
  with turkish support for isis and the kurds actually being the boots on the ground , i ca n't see many parts of the worth having sympathy for turkey . 
  trying to cosy up to israel again is laughable . 
  would there be any positive for using nukes against them ? 
  but before that she said there was ` no upper limit ' - did you forget that one ? 
  i think you mean to post in / r/turkey, 
  yeah but the thing is they do n't leave , they get a deportation order and fuck right off again , same as every other eu country . 
  they really need to detain these people , and let them see an immigration judge that week . 
  was n't the uk bailed out in 1970s ? 
  born in ni , moved to the states , hold 3 passports . 
  voted tory . 
  how 's that for a stereotype ? 
  lol do you want to see my passport ? 
  as an american this is our opinion of the uk . 
  yeah that 's the problem . 
  they are fucking migrants , not refugees . 
  they should n't be there in the first place . 
  another delusional leftist . 
  have a stroll around malm\u00f6 and report back to us . 
  shots fired, 
  where was the ` solidarity ' when you greece by the balls big m ? 
  rural ireland is pretty shit to be honest , maybe better off in syria . 
  yeah , or some shitbox teacher from mayo ... 
  the thing is when they have burnt their documents and ca n't prove anything , where do you deport them to ? 
  lol they can try . 
  do you think the english will even want scotland in the union if hold the majority of the population of the uk in the eu against their will ? 
  they 'll get that referendum they 've been looking for quite quickly . 
  maybe that 's their end game ? 
  soros is a major funder , it absolutely should be shut down . 
  gee , i wonder what it is ? 
  it is when you prefer ` adulterers ' to be stoned and ` apostates ' to be killed for leaving a religion . 
  if 1 out of 3 of every muslim in france rejects the secular republic for sharia law , that is by definition hate . 
  northern irish here . 
  comparing catholics and protestants is a false analogy . 
  both are christian and in the case of scotland the sectarianism was for economic reasons , in ireland it was for constitutional reasons , as catholics and protestants are pretty much equal ecumenically . 
  the problem france has is actually religious , where these 30 % of the population reject everything about the west and what we hold dear . 
  lots of micro and macro reasons , but the spread of oil money and the proselytizing to weak western cultures affected by cultural marxism . 
  we 're on the same side here , there are no moderates , and even the ` moderates ' are incompatible with our civilization , and they should have their citizenships revoked and be expelled . 
  the spread of salafism, 
  this is a fallacy , any reasonable muslim would reject the fucking burka . 
  damn he deleted the comment !,
