  you are among friends . 
  i might watch that when i 'm done with the studies !, 
  so if i 'm ever in any legal trouble over in the states i just send you a pm ? 
  why is that ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the us education system . 
  do you need like ... law school ? 
  ok , i 'm from sweden . 
  we have been getting less snow over the last couple of years ( global warming anyone ? ), 
  and i remember when it used to be snow in late november , not anymore though . 
  went alone to a bar that was n't a student bar the other day . 
  man , older drunk people are hysterical !, 
  old as in 40 + . 
  hmm , sweden is pretty gray that time of year . 
  and there are n't any real cities close to the norwegian border . 
  lots of small towns and our version of hillbillys . 
  but you might find some beautiful scenery . 
  if you are in to nature stuff . 
  the greatest combo there is !, 
  the guys over at [ / r/running ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/running ) knows their way around these kinds of things . 
  you are in the right area , but i do n't really know about the weather that time of your . 
  oslo is close to the county of v\u00e4rmland which basically is just a great forrest which sweden largest lake in it . 
  you are also close to dalarna which have some ski resorts . 
  do n't know about the day trip though . 
  suit up and get out there !, 
  good in theory , often bad in practice . 
  good man !, 
  mostly you just get the answer : `` i believe in god because i believe in god '' packaged in one or the other form . 
  usually this get you nowhere either . 
  just avoid the topic if you can ... 
  so do i, 
  are you or have you been obese ? 
  should n't they be seeing you as a role model ? 
  post a thread and someone with more knowledge than me can help you . 
  as a aspiring biologist myself ... 
  i 'd say that sounds kind of arrogant . 
  but i do n't know these people so i 'm not going to jump to any conclusions . 
  is n't that like ... an omelette ? 
  well , if you have a high tdee and living of student loans ? 
  what then ? 
  i saw one of these competetive cooking shows once . 
  there 's actually a ton of criteria for a dish to be called an omelette . 
  no coloration from cooking is one thing ... 
  just another list one disagrees with . 
  `` groundbreaking '' ... 
  they keep using that word . 
  welcome !, 
  i live at nr 54 . 
  send me a pm when you arrive if you need someone to show you around !, 
  is sex ed really that bad where you come from ? 
  do you have to look it up yoursel ? 
  oh ok , when we where about 14 they started bringing us to `` youth clinincs '' where the nurses and midwives who worked there would have sex ed . 
  we also had professional sex educators come to our school al through middle school . 
  have seen some videos on youtube on the subject . 
  you really need it !, 
  kids can get free condoms and examinations in alot of places here in sweden . 
  the us has bad sex ed four having such a otherwise developed education system . 
  i would say that this goes as much for the regular lifters as for the new ones . 
  stop saying `` sex ed is '' like it 's the same . 
  it sound to me like you had bad sex ed . 
  we had lots of it . 
  lots !, 
  professionals coming and giving us lecturs , visits to youth clinincs to talk to midwives and nurses , our teachers at school also had sex ed with us . 
  if it 's bad , yeah then you might want to cemplement on your own from a reliable soure , why not ones mom . 
  i have never spoken to a doctor or a my mom either for that matter , i did n't feel the need too since i had good sex ed . 
  i have the direct opposite experience than you , i had sex ed as it should be . 
  i get cravings about rice and soy sauce alot more often than i get cravings for gourmet stuff ... think i 'm gon na make be a bowl of rice right now !, 
  it is thank you very much . 
  came here to say this . 
  have an upvote !, 
  0.08 % is alot !, 
  where i come from ... 0.02 means you are losing your license and getting a massive fine . 
  above that it 's jail time for a few months . 
  i do n't think i have eaten fast food sober in a year or so ... 
  how ? 
  i use my hands , and maybe once a week i use a scrub of some sort . 
  you are also alot more attractive . 
  being short is a deal breaker for me !, 
  that 's pretty much what i have heard about sex ed in the us . 
  only when drunk or when i think no one is listening !, 
  so , why the bubble ? 
  i have to admit i sometimes go on binges ... 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  omg , you americans have a complicated system ... 
  well ... we divide everything by ten . 
  and then you do n't need a chart to figure things out . 
  they used the metric system ( as you do in science ) . 
  would say that making something more complicated is making something less useful . 
  i ca n't remember ever seeing a recipe where it said `` take 1/3 of 1/4 of a liter '' . 
  i usually just says '' take one dl '' . 
  except for the need of charts to keep track on how to divide everything and the loss of time because it 's inefficient when calculating . 
  since you 're asking , no i have n't . 
  and when that happens you just shoot from the hip in all measurements anyways and the result is always the same . 
  i do alot of cooking yes . 
  i mean that when you cook you can rely much more on taste and experience than on a recipe . 
  not when you are baking , no no no , but i hate baking . 
  this is so off the point now . 
  if you ca n't divide by ten you should n't be allowed into a kitchen without an adult . 
  that last sentence was the only thing that made sense . 
  ca n't really see the point of wanting to use a more complicated system which makes everything turn into weirdness and despair . 
  but if you want to , keep at it .
