  well played sir ... 
  if you post a pic of you in the lab i will post a picture of me in the lab ( not chemistry lab though , i 'm a molecular biology undergrad but close enough ! ) . 
  can you btw post a pic of yourself in ops lab ? 
  i 've never taken any stand on this . 
  he can be in high school or not . 
  i do n't care . 
  i just thought it all was very funny . 
  but tbh , the story seems highly unlikely since the equipment is ( most often ) very expensive and much of the reagents are not available for just anyone . 
  so i understand people that does n't believe this story , if i have to take a stand neither do i until proof arrives , and i sort of hope it does . 
  and about `` he looks like he is in high school '' ... 
  i 'm 27 and still get mistaken for a high schooler . 
  it 's not that uncommon to look young . 
  also , picture of a lab does n't mean that it is in your basemment . 
  you sound exactly like a `` faggot '' on reddit . 
  yeah i saw that . 
  that was funny too !, 
  now i want a gun that shoots crystal meth ... 
  off topic but still related, 
  there is a guy in my lab who never washes or cuts his hair ( i mean never ) . 
  he also never puts it up . 
  this weak he has dipped his hair in my tris-solution , dipped into his own fraction collector and almost tore down a size exclusion column because his hair got stuck on it . 
  put your hair up guys !, 
  schhh, 
  since your stay us so short i would recommend two strategies . 
  either just walk and chill or try and see as many tourist sites as you can . 
  some sites like skansen requires at least half a day . 
  if you really want to see something you should prioritise it . 
  but stockholm in the spring can be beautiful and just chilling can suffice . 
  which masters program are you interested in ? 
  there are several in biology . 
  btw is n't to late for applications ? 
  it is for swedish students at least . 
  ok , i 've only heard good things about them . 
  i 've applied for the masters program in cell and molecular biology at the same institution . 
  i do n't think a master student will be able to answer that . 
  i 'm just finishing my bachelor and i ca n't answer it . 
  i could probably figure it out , but i do n't think student know things like this in general, 
  he is not joking . 
  the town goes insane during valborg . 
  or the whole week actually . 
  edit : get there early . 
  it a tradition to have champagne breakfast in `` ekoparken '' . 
  send me a pm if you want to spend the day in uppsala, 
  no not really . 
  in sweden mds are being advised to not prescribe antibiotics for ui and other common diseases, 
  i would like to hear the reasoning at the meeting when this was decided . 
  studying is always good to deal with the anxiety , but i jsut assume that you have done that and is still nervous . 
  exercise realeases feel good hormones so some people go into the bathroom and do push ups before presentations or such . 
  running in some stairs might work to . 
  someone told me once that chewing gum or just eating something might helps since this tricks the body into a calm state . 
  nothing ca n't be wrong since you are eating right ? 
  good luck !, 
  all western european countries are n't the same ... 
  some are actually very very different although every are located right next to each other . 
  where did you live ? 
  i spent a couple of days in boston for a conference . 
  on the way from the airport i immediately noticed how incredibly bad the roads were in and around boston . 
  when the conference was over i took a bus from boston to new york city . 
  i was horrified and amazed at the same time but the horrible conditions that the roads were in . 
  they were even worse in nyc . 
  when people talk about taxation they always talk about healthcare , but when you are on the roads at least in this part of the country it becomes so apparent that lower taxation leads to shittier infra structure . 
  i 'm from sweden and i think our road infrastructure is pretty nice compared to other parts of the world . 
  recently met a girl from holland who told me she felt the same way about our roads as i do about the american roads . 
  apparently the netherlands know their way around building highways . 
  same with gelred, 
  but it more work !, 
  for how long can you usually save the gel with dna in it ? 
  what is it you ca n't grasp ? 
  usually there are text books for basic knowledge and the some lab work to learn techniques and visulize some concepts . 
  hmm not really . 
  some things you just have to memorize i guess . 
  if you have all that you should be all set . 
  talk to your teacher about what is important . 
  it ` shard to give advice about these stuff since it comes naturally if you are really interested . 
  last procedure of my bachelor was a western blot . 
  huge downer that the 2nd antibodies did n't work . 
  yay for course labs !, 
  can the trizol be removed by additional wash steps ? 
  remember the first time the lecturer said it . 
  it was amazing !, 
  what are you gon na do with this precious information ? 
  and t4 is only deadly to bacteria . 
  go to r/biochemistry or just google amino acids or peptide bonds, 
  some bacterial infection . 
  just started an internship in a mycobacterium lab . 
  freaking out from time to time ... 
  find a graduate student and ask if they wan na make a quick buck . 
  would you mind telling me why this would be a big deal ? 
  pls, 
  how come nobody has done a sds-page joke ? 
  yeah i know been actually watching everything . 
  time to subscribe . 
  pm me !, 
  can confirm . 
  i wear lab coat everyday . 
  me too !, 
  i actually started listen to it when i found the soundtrack to 1987 aerobics world championship ... 
  check it out !, 
  you are asking these questions like there are `` black and white '' answers . 
  do some research , you can do it here on reddit because people ask things similar to this all the time , and return with more nuanced questions .
