  have an upvote and a nice time using your charts . 
  we got sidetracked that 's all . 
  and yes i think the imperial system is stupid because it does n't make any sense . 
  i do n't need it , and i do n't think no one else does . 
  i will keep my systems simple . 
  you should to . 
  have an upvote and we 'll meet again . 
  it 's hard to explain in really simple terms because having that kind of system is unnecessarily complicated . 
  keep using it , as long as the rest of the world and the science community does n't have to . 
  what have you been eating ? 
  do some fun running exercises . 
  do n't just go out on another run . 
  you say that you love it , try something playful . 
  whatever you can think of , just something you can look forward to . 
  '89 here . 
  staying childish !, 
  you should too !, 
  if you are going to hike in them i recommend some sort of sport wax instead . 
  works better and is more protective . 
  do you hate exercise or do you hate doing things that require more strenous physical activity ? 
  i too hate exercise , but i like doing alot of things that require strenous physical activity . 
  and in my mind there is a big difference . 
  i woulnd ' t get one , seems excessive . 
  maybe for day hikes in the spring/autumn . 
  ok , i hate exercising but love doing alot of things that sorts of its exercise . 
  just exercise for the sake of exercise is terribly boring . 
  have you changed you diet significantly ? 
  do you eat alot more protein ? 
  do you have sufficient calorie intake ? 
  peeing is the bodys way of excreting nitrogen and regulating osmotic balance . 
  if you drink alot of water or burn alot of energy you will pee more since the body will account for that in the kidneys . 
  you can also pee more if you eat alot of protein , which when broken down yields nitrogen which is converted in the liver to urea . 
  this makes you want to pee more . 
  a more than ususal breakdown of proteins can come from two places , either you eat alot of protein or your muscles are eing broken down due to lack of execise or lack of calories . 
  this can happen , but probably you have some other problem that is causing you to pee . 
  if you feel that way , you feel that way . 
  please explain what you mean by harmless . 
  ordnar l4d-turnering irl . 
  i love being outdoors in extreme wheather . 
  it sort of makes you feel alive . 
  if you wear the right gear it also makes you feel like you are untouchable . 
  do you feel the same way about snowstorms ? 
  if you can , do all the things you normally do n't have time doing . 
  i was gon na say watch all the movies , but without internet or cable it seems difficult . 
  but read all the books , sort all your kiss albums in alphabetical order , try finding ut what that foul smell in the sofa comes from etc. 
  all this when you feel a little bit better of course . 
  rule no . 
  1 : never look down the barrel of a gun . 
  a study that came out recently found that getting cancer is mostly just bad luck . 
  you just get more bad luck if you smoke if that makes any sense ... 
  what nation you join does n't really matter . 
  if you have ties to one or find some fun club or other activity to join in a certain one you should pick that one . 
  if you 're just in it for the bars than do n't bother to much , just pick any . 
  i know norrlands nation have a gym close to rackarberget somewhere , i 'm not sure exactly where ... you could join 1477 close to bl\u00e5senhus but thats rather expensive . 
  a beer at a nation is usually around 30 sek . 
  depening on the beer and the nation . 
  and i do n't think that there is 700 ml . 
  i guess that 's only the special fancy pants beers that sometimes comes in those . 
  the common one is 500 ml and goes for 10-20 kr usually . 
  you should have an account to studentportalen.se where you can follow your courses , results and check your schedule . 
  talk to someone resposible for your courses if you do n't . 
  taking your shoes of is a good thing . 
  look both ways before crossing the street . 
  do n't cut in line , be polite and you should be fine . 
  if you will travel alot around town you should because the bus fairs pile up pretty quickly . 
  i do n't know any good places , got mine from home in stockholm . 
  any more questions just ask !, 
  you smoked for a long time . 
  would you say that it feels like your lungs are back to normal ? 
  or do you still cough up stuff and feel out of breath when doing nothing ? 
  edit : congrats on the 8 months !, 
  kantorsgatan is n't one build but several . 
  can not speak for the others but my internet connection is fine . 
  ok , i 'm in number 54 . 
  how long since you heard from this person ? 
  post something that is interresting as fuck . 
  this is n't . 
  read some of your comments . 
  stop worrying about getting laid . 
  if you are a nice person that will not be a problem for you . 
  you make it sound like swedes are a magical fairytale people . 
  come on ... 
  good . 
  the average height among males i 5 '11 and women is 5 ' 5 . 
  not that different from the rest of world is it ? 
  as long as you are not malnourished in any way what you eat has nothing to do with your height . 
  just genes . 
  my brother drinks tons of milk and always have . 
  he is 5 ' 11 . 
  i hate milk , have never drunk it on a regular basis and i 'm 6 ' 4 . 
  statistics lecture in 15 . 
  problem is that you get a smell of smoke . 
  tell me how this prevents microorganisms from growing . 
  and with some proof thank you, 
  i was so happy for this . 
  thank you . 
  chaka khan - we will work it out, 
  used to work in the or unit ... seen tons of blood . 
  a ruptured aorta bleeds alot . 
  music is a great idea !,
