   there really is no right or wrong answer ... 
  thanks , got it . 
  removing facebook reveals who your reals friends really are ( those who stay in touch ) . 
  step 0 : aquire genetic predisposition for beard growth ( from a bitter man in his late 20s who can \u00b4 t grow one ) . 
  for some jobs alot , for some not at all . 
  and everything in between . 
  from my experience at least . 
  my grandfather was jewish , neither him or me or anyone else in my family consider jewish to be a race or an ethnicity . 
  although i 've been flamed by a lot of jewish and other people who really belieive that judaism/being jewish is an ethnicity . 
  same goes for me . 
  i 'm a dude , too many women have thought they could get away with hitting me during arguments . 
  i 've never hit them back . 
  in a society where personal hygiene is such a huge part of every day life , i 've always felt that the hygiene arguments fall kind of flat . 
  but if you are happy , i am happy . 
  just as throwing the word `` hygiene '' around makes it sound , imho , a lot more benign that it actually is . 
  he could dislike being circumcised . 
  that opionion could be based on a number of factors . 
  saying that you are happy and that that is your opionion just because you can not do anything about it quite narrow minded . 
  i think you are absolutley right . 
  i dislike when people use the term `` happy '' instead of `` acceptance '' or `` indifference '' . 
  being indifferent or accepting something because you can not do anything about is not the same as being happy about something . 
  i do understand that they are used interchangeably in everyday speech , but that can be very misleading and can cause a lot of misunderstanding . 
  hey europe here . 
  you seem to have a pretty skewed view on how europe works . 
  first of , europe is n't one homogenous country . 
  second , many bosses would mind if you took a day of is it was for protesting ( at least in my experience ) . 
  they can either grant you a vacation day , or not . 
  i think they usually do because it is not really their business what you do with your vacation days , but that does n't mean that they have to like it . 
  i would agree , but i do n't know how healthcare works in every country in europe . 
  i live in sweden so i do n't even need health care . 
  stop refering to europe as one country in discussions like this , talking about things like government requires specificity . 
  edit : health insurance , i definitley need helath care occasionally . 
  i did n't think i ever estimated how important helathcare being tied to an employer is , for the simple reason that i do n't actually know . 
  and i agree with you regarding the comparison between us and europe . 
  i just think that he/she was painting with a pretty large brush in the previous statement . 
  thank you mr. smarty pants . 
  this is the `` coincidence '' parameter of evolution . 
  was thinking the same thing . 
  the chairs look comfy as hell but i would replace them with a sofa . 
  hi swede here !, 
  you are right to some extent . 
  the exchange students here actually say that it 's really hard to learn swedish by hanging out with natives . 
  why ? 
  because almost everyone in sweden speaks good understandable english . 
  if one wants to learn swedish , according to them , you definitely have to take several language courses until you know it well enough to communicate , at least a little . 
  are your american ? 
  if so , could you explain why people are allowed to wear their scrubs outside of the hospital ? 
  i worked in a hospital in sweden and it was forbidden to wear scrubs outside of the hospital grounds, 
  it 's not sweden , but the particular hospital . 
  just to be clear . 
  and i would think that people left the premise to buy lunch and stuff while wearing their scrubs . 
  there is no treason ... only bad clothing . 
  you can get that by walking in to the -20 freezer at my lab . 
  as someone who plays guitar i totally agree . 
  nice pedals !, 
  how is the carbon copy ? 
  why are they sitting on your table like that ? 
  is there high school engineering program in the us ? 
  well today i learned . 
  i would use google instead of pinterest , but i guess the result would be the same . 
  i use [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/phudq ) and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dicqfhn.jpg ) when i need some inspiration . 
  found them on reddit a couple of years back and have learned nice tricks from them . 
  light dusting of sugar ? 
  well , not in sweden ... 
  source : am swedish . 
  huh . 
  never seen . 
  green are the best !, 
  yes we do ... at least in northern europe, 
  as someone who have studied a fair bit of chemistry , i would say that this mindset is based on the misunderstanding that `` chemicals '' are bad for you . 
  there are natural products that are very dangerous , and synthetic ones that are not . 
  the pronounciation of the word that name the compound has nothing to do with if it should be in your products or not . 
  just one mans opionion . 
  no sorry , i do n't really have that kind of experience in chemistry . 
  i 'm not a chemist but a molecular biologist , which includes a fair bit of chemistry . 
  my point was that when one studies chemistry one learns to not be afraid of `` chemicals '' . 
  like people like to point out ... water is a chemical . 
  and just because one ca n't pronounce a word does n't make it dangerous . 
  been running trail for a while now and would like some pointers on how to strengthen my feet . 
  will this come naturally as i put in more miles or does someone out there have some exercises i could do at home to speed up the process ? 
  keep running !, 
  listening to groups of students talking about different mineral deficiencies in plants . 
  2 down , 5 to go . 
  also copying some notes for my plant phys . 
  course . 
  protip : study during the semester !, 
  could you who do n't throw your trash in the designated places just start doing it ? 
  i know they just changed the place where you dispose of your trash but do n't just throw outside the old place or just put it on the ground near a trash can . 
  the birds will tear the bags apart and there will be trash eveywhere . 
  and do n't put it in the newspaper recycling either . 
  it 's a 30 second longer walk than it was before . 
  it stands between the ebs bass iq , source audio envelope filter and the mrx 82 from dunlop . 
  do you guys have any suggestions ? 
  i 'm going to test at least two of them today to compare but if you could say something about user friendlyness or something like that i 'd be so happy . 
  keep it funky !, 
  does anybody know ? 
  they used to have tons of stuff . 
  where is it now ? 
  i 'm basically confined to my dorm room . 
  the last hour i 've spent on ironing some shirts and read a few scientific articles while listening to some psych .
