  this contradicts everything i 've ever read on the subject . 
  so please provide a peer reviewed study ( preferably more ) made by a independent research group . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah sure . 
  but give me a paper that explains the mechanism you are proposing . 
  isf borde v\u00e4l morgan rockefeller wall \u00c9nberg kvala in . 
  i will post a picture when i get a chance . 
  no we are doing the thing exactly how the protocol said . 
  i will try to spray it with orcinol instead of soaking to see if it works better . 
  sweden here , what cost ? 
  there are more organisms living inside you and on you than you have human cells in your body . 
  bacterial cells are much smaller than animal cells . 
  wow !, 
  so many places where e have been substituted for i. 
  source : i 'm swedish . 
  i find it hard as a second year undergraduate to find work in a lab . 
  but you can always ask . 
  they might need someone to make lb and put pipettes in boxes . 
  why is yeast more preferable than lets say e. coli ? 
  get it waxed . 
  learn how to do it yourself or have someone else do it . 
  will give you the best result . 
  head over to / r/stopsmoking if you hav n't already . 
  there you will find alot of support . 
  keep it up !, 
  eyes on the price !, 
  history of ideas . 
  to understand why people thought what they did through history . 
  can be helpful to understand alot of the things going on in the world today . 
  he will not only be kicked out but probably arrested . 
  it looks like this discussion now focuses on `` can i get away with smoking hasch oil in public ? '', 
  rather than `` is it cool if i vape ? 
  i love this story , always have . 
  i quite tedious to read as most things written more than 100 years ago are , but i still find it compelling and much more exciting than let 's say ... transformers . 
  still , if you would do the original justice , you would have so much graphic content that it would be banned . 
  some of the horrible torture methods described in there were in part there to scare people from sinning . 
  one has to remeber that he is traveling through hell , cutting the torture out would sort of ruin that . 
  i 'm very close to agreeing with you . 
  `` he is '' is one of the most interesting songs i 've heard in a while . 
  what douglas adams does so brilliantly is making you , the reader , feel as confused as arthur dent . 
  the books throws you into a world of new and weird things . 
  if it was told in a plain way where you understood everything al the time the charm of the book would sort of be lost imho . 
  every time i 'm in there i imagine myself flying through the void of the sphere . 
  it 's a really cool building . 
  what can china gain from covering this up ? 
  should n't they want outside help ? 
  it 's hard to write like that without it becoming obvious . 
  but even if you are aware of this you can still get a pleasurable read from this since it 's very funny and witty . 
  now that you mention it i remember that china has a long history of handling things . 
  you 're gon na need a bigger tangentbord . 
  i would say 2d . 
  always 2d , i really do n't like 3d movies . 
  man i know that feeling ... congrats !, 
  i 've heard that this is swedens most expensive supermarket . 
  now i have as much information on both = they are equally expensive, 
  `` on this planet '' seems like pretty much everywhere . 
  that is n't fluorescence . 
  fluorescens is when something emits light . 
  that is just blue color . 
  if it glows in the dark or under a uv light . 
  then you have fluorescence . 
  because it 's fun . 
  vet en kille som tatuerade in `` are we beer yet '' efter att ha sett det p\u00e5 en s\u00e5n d\u00e4r . 
  why is that during a chemistry course you wo n't get into to lab without having written a msds ( at least at my college/university ) but you can work in the biology lab with the same chemicals and no one cares ? 
  ah i love when people who do n't understand the swedish welfare system just label us as `` socalist '' out of conveniece . 
  but i understand you guys and do n't envy countries that do n't apply a system similar to ours , after just coming back from the us i appreciate paying taxes alot more . 
  then you have to define at which degree of welfare a country becomes a socialist state , although i do n't agree with that the world defines socialism in a country like that , at least people who understand socialism does n't . 
  i do n't think sweden is near that degree , but apperantly you do . 
  provide the scale so we do n't have to say that everything is relative . 
  the only problem is ... the scale is relative . 
  where is this list/scale ? 
  i would say that tax rate measures tax rate , public welfare measures public welfare and so on . 
  never heard of a list that measures socalism and that the world agrees on . 
  but i 'll be happy to read it . 
   state welfare to varying degrees is how the world defines levels of socialism . 
  i am confused ... 
  i was n't questioning that there are different kinds of socialistic theories/systems or philosophies . 
  i question labeling sweden as a socialist country , imo one can only do that if one does n't understand the what it means or if they are lazy . 
  i do not think that sweden can be labled like that because it 's to dynamic and not homogenous enough . 
  and most importantly , not socialistic enough ... 
  i realizing that we are interpreting the text differently . 
  please point out what you are referring to in the text . 
  i 'm genuinly interested , so please . 
  if sweden is socialistic as fuck , how would you then define other countries which has more of this ? 
  is the scale exponential or linear ? 
  is it based on you own view or where does it come from . 
  when people start saying thing like that i think it is important to specify what you are comparing with , in both directions , what is more and what is less . 
  and where do we draw the line ? 
  but is n't that a very lazy definition of a very complex theory with multiple interpretations ? 
  i realizing that that is a part of letting socialistic ideas influence your economic politics . 
  but there is so much more to the theory than just that . 
  yeah that kind of proves my point as to not labeling things the way you did with sweden . 
  because your ( and until very recently the worlds ) definition of socialism does n't take in to account all the different variables of a complex theory ? 
  so we pay alot of taxes and have roads that work and tuition free education , ok . let 's say that a country has that , but posses non of the other variables . 
  like publicly owned production ( sweden has that , but not nearly to the extent so be called socialistic ) . 
  what is that country then ? 
  and what about me who have never payed 50 % income tax ? 
  am i not a part of socialist sweden ? 
  what sweden am i a part of ? 
  come to think about it , i do n't think anyone i know pays 50 % income tax .
