  though the red blood cells can not become larger because the diameter of the capillaries is just slightly bigger than the diameter of the red blood cells . 
  your capillaries would clot if your cells got larger . 
  at high altitude the body can do things to counteract the low level of oxygen in the air . 
  at 100 % humidity , there is nothing really the body can do to counteract the fact that you sweat is n't evaporating and thus cooling you . 
  it can release more salts and such , but really you just have to get used to the heat in your mind . 
  dude , wear underwear ... 
  dude , it has to be somewhere ... or someone knows where it is . 
  if you left it at your moms house and she did n't had a break in the chances it just disappeared are quite slim . 
  get intrigued and solve this mystery !, 
  right you are !, 
  i 'm one of the crazy ones who do n't go out when it hits 25 c. do n't really like summer . 
  running back ? 
  just do n't get their number or last name or anything . 
  then you simply ca n't run back . 
  i see . 
  just felt that it 's weird that it is just gone . 
  someone has to know where it went . 
  it 's sad , but one should value ones time and not fill it with things that put you down . 
  treat yourself to a new one !, 
  swedes ? 
  that 's too bad . 
  keep your head up and i 'm sure things will work out . 
  i prefer tights . 
  i run alot in wooded areas and pants just seem to stick to everything . 
  although insulated winter tights can be really uncomfortable depending on how they are insulated . 
  then pants that are wind resistent should do the trick . 
  you just have to try it out and find what yo prefer . 
  try running again , if there is no pain you are basically good . 
  try to if there is any discomfort . 
  there should n't be any discomfort . 
  to me this just sounds like you are experiencing a new feeling that you are not used to . 
  nice job !, 
  how long was it until you started to feel a positive feedback ? 
  on your health , on your mood etc. 
  how would you compare how you feel today to then ? 
  how is your breathing ? 
  again , nice job ... 
  i just need to hear some answers to these questions once in a while to keep up the motivation . 
  i think space is pretty cool guy ... but what about the microcosmos ? 
  thats pretty cool too . 
  i 'm barely a mircobiologist . 
  but i took one semester of chemistry ... 
  this whole atom thing was weird !, 
  it does n't . 
  that is just a model to simplify the explanation . 
  i would say it 's the other way round ... 
  go old school ... read a book . 
  i always try to see the mother nature as a noble adversary . 
  keeps me motivated with the wind and rain in my face , like `` oh no !, 
  you ca n't stop me ! '', 
  maybe it 's corny , but it adds a dimension to the motivation . 
  geez . 
  what kind of man am i suppose to be ? 
  not yet my friend . 
  not yet . 
  det kan man absolut g\u00f6ra . 
  had an so in ume\u00e5 for a while . 
  fram the points of your list , everything sucks there except the hockey . 
  hockey is huge there but the town is smaller . 
  the student life / night life is shit . 
  edit : the hiking is also good in ume\u00e5 !, 
  avocados are never ripe ... except when they spoil, 
  that one happy dog !, 
  off topic ... but i would like to know if it 's true that your word for `` butterfly '' is `` butter shit '' . 
  pls say that it is !, 
  mental floss on youtube had a segment on why butterflies are called butterflies . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j_rw3fhxks&amp;list=plyt7t0pcxeipmyz_xdtssefj1gm6ml837 ) it is . 
  apprently someone propsed that . 
  you should try and bring it back !, 
  ah man , i hate being late to the party ... 
   no because unlike water muscle can contract . 
  you know ... because of the `` sliding filament model '' by which the muscles contract ... 5 pounds would still be there . 
  even without that model of explanation to where all the material goes when a muscle contracts ... 5 pounds of matter does n't really change it 's weight in the way you seem to suggesting ... 
  walked by some rose bushes this summer . 
  almost fainted !, 
  i might say i 'm a bit bias since i live in uppsala . 
  uppsala ( and possibly lund ) is rumoured to have the best student life in sweden . 
  ume\u00e5 probably has a more average student life than uppsala . 
  oh noooooooo you did n't !!!!, 
  if you are good at it being a salesmen can bring in some serious cash . 
  if you have the talent of talking to people and have an `` eyes on the prize '' - attitude towards your job you should have no problem in selling stuff to people . 
  if you are shaking in the way i 'm thinking of , which is the way i shake when i do endurance training you should n't have to worry . 
  the shaking comes from the depletion of atp in your muscles . 
  when that happens the cross-linking between the filaments in muscles that causes the contractions ca n't slide against eachother in the same organized manner . 
  then your start shaking because of these not so organized cross-linkings . 
  the pain comes from when the body starts to try and replenish the atp by an anaerobic process called glycolysis . 
  the end product of this process i lactic acid , this hurts . 
  this is one explanation , if your shake alot even when you do n't do endurance training it could be a nerve thing . 
  look it up if it gets worse . 
  i thought of this just the other day . 
  why could not the municipality open some gyms or other establishments where there are shower to provide this service . 
  just a few times a month ? 
  more showers and most of the times during the day these places are n't occupied . 
  it was the first one i read by him . 
  be reading quite a few by him now and i can never get that same feeling of surreality as i did with `` kafka '' , and that was the thing i liked about it . 
  a sort of constricted weirdness that made total sense in the context of the book . 
  that is why it is my favorite . 
  i drink gainer and creatine . 
  not really for the gains , i do n't want to get bulky , but it helps med get the amount of calories i need . 
  made a lot of difference when i started using gainer .
