  i would say that most of those are stereotypes ( remember that i 'm only speaking for myself ) and although all those can be sexy in some way except for maybe some ... 
  i would say most of them are stereotypes created by media . 
  well i somewhat agree on the our first statement , though i do n't consider it a fact that feet are major turn-ons . 
  more like fetisches for a relativly small percentage . 
  it is !, 
  my mom broke her back a few years back so tent is out of the question . 
  i think cabins are fine but it takes away alot of the overall experience . 
  edit : along this hike there are 3 big cabins . 
  one of them is the highest located in sweden . 
  no not really . 
  the bear and wolf populations in sweden are pretty low . 
  although you could see some bear they fear you enough to keep their distance . 
  there are huge amounts of reindeer though . 
  we met some hikers who had had their tent scratched by them . 
  they are not dangerous , they just put their tent right on their highway . 
  yeah she 's pretty much fine . 
  she ca n't carry that much and needs a bed . 
  alot of titanium in that back !, 
  not even close to the most nothern  it is the highest as in altitude , 1086 m ( 3562 feet ) . 
  brain cells like anyother cell needs oxygen to survive . 
  if the heart is n't beating there is no oxygenated blood arriving to the brain cells . 
  when these cells start to die you get brain damage . 
  the cells do n't die right away since the blood contains oxygen even after you die . 
  still unclear ? 
  you could say that the brain does n't work ( if you mean by `` work '' being concious ) as a whole be the individual cells are still alive . 
  i love it how r/coffee seems to be it 's own universe . 
  you can find things like this in lots of booze related subreddits as well in r/trees . 
  nice job . 
  cell ca n't use their metabolism without oxygen ( for a short while they can with lactic acid as a biproduct ) , but telling you how oxygen works as an external electron acceptor is n't possible in this sub . 
  the cells themselves are n't damaged , they die because they ca n't metabolize sugar and if alot of cell die in a certain part of the brain you will have irreversible brain damage . 
  since there are sugars and fats in the cells they can survive for a while after you die . 
  what i really mean is my ankles . 
  they are kind of weak and i can feel that i 'm not really stable while i 'm out running . 
  does it have to do with the pressure from the engine ? 
  i was told once by my father that it only has to do with the air becoming compressed by the airflow under the wings , and when the steam was under pressure it became mist . 
  i was under the impression that heat had nothing to do with it . 
  is this wrong ? 
  for some , alot . 
  for others not so much . 
  you can be a gear nerd and perform badly , and you could n't care about gear and perform brilliantly !, 
  i read a chronicle once about running . 
  a man said `` i am convinced that a well dressed runner runs better than a poorly dressed runner '' . 
  i thought about for a while and it made some sense . 
  it has to do with you being comfortable . 
  follow that . 
  r/oddlystifying would love this . 
  could n't one simple reason be that they promise freedom and power to those who hav n't experienced any of it ? 
  if you ignore the whole `` manly man talk '' ( or do n't , your choice ) [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5xyk3iqtje&amp;list=uukrmql3hlriyhxncac4vr3w ) is actually a pretty good talk on how to change your state of mind about yourself . 
  if you can manage to do what he describes you will see some change . 
  i 've tried this over a couple of years before i saw this and it have kind of worked for me . 
  i am not a man with low self-esteem so i ca n't really see it from your point of view , but i would recommend to try it at your own pace . 
  hope all your problems are solved in the best way for you !, 
  do they have lots of mesh and stuff ? 
  girls are going crazy for a strong willed man !, 
  nice job !, 
  gravitaion is the one thing that always makes my brain hurt . 
  so simple and so everyday . 
  yet a huge mindfuck !, 
  maybe he can once and for all tell us what they say about guys with big hands ... no one claims to know the answer when i ask . 
  did my spelling help you ? 
  his self-appointed rock star status is starting to show . 
  rock on mr dawkins !, 
  seems likely . 
  to really deal with the smell you must find the source . 
  if you ca n't find the source or the smell comes from somewhere where you ca n't control you can pretty much only mask the smell . 
  there are air freshners who will do just fine , but really ... find the source !, 
  is one of the bottles a pee bottle ? 
  cuz you know ... trees and stuff . 
  looks awesome !, 
  heat makes most metals expand and cold makes most metals contract . 
  other compounds may have different properties and react differently to heat and cold . 
  hydrogen bonds ftw !!, 
  i know that . 
  i thought it was cool and wanted to give my thoughts on gravity . 
  hehe , this dawkins love is so cute . 
  i think he is a good writer and exactly what the new wave of atheism needed . 
  though , i stick by my statement . 
  i think he loves the attention and i feel that he has starting to see himself as a shining beacon for all his followers . 
  instead of just being a great scientist and agitator for science . 
  but , i still love him and will continue to read his books , articles and other statements . 
  i like rockstars . 
  this is what im talkin about !, 
  wow this was weird and interesting for someone who comes from one of the most secular countries in the world ... 
  keep your hands busy and drink lots of water . 
  it 's the other way around here . 
  i almost never meet religious people . 
  everyone is either atheist or agnostic . 
  you seem like someone who really likes to lable some people as crazy . 
  crazy implies the wrong things , crazy and brainwashed is not the same thing . 
  and while we 're on it , i 'd choose alaska over the rest of the usa any day of the week . 
  sleeping, 
  sprinkel something spicy around your terrace . 
  like cayenne pepper or black pepper or something else . 
  my mom uses this and it works like a charm . 
  since it 's a terrace you might have to use alot . 
  fml . 
  good for you !, 
  a tall guy in heels , how brave !, 
  ( you have alot of posts claiming that you are a guy , hence the sarcasm ) . 
  i do non of the things ... without heels ... as a guy ...
