  i would argue that swedish danish and norwegian are hard to learn for an american ... the hardest ? 
  but definitely not easy . 
  the struggle is real f\u00f6r all the native english speaking foreign exchange students at my uni . 
  they are proof that it is not easy, 
  good things you always wipe before you blank !, 
  it 's called `` k\u00e4rringk\u00e5nk '' in swedish . 
  a much more awesome name than the translation of `` wife carrying '' . 
  yeah sort of . 
  when i first heard that this was a thing ... my jaw dropped to my knees . 
  `` undergrad-mode '' enabled . 
  if he does n't tell you ... it 's drugs, 
  my point it 's still valid ... 
  i never said they were . 
  i just said that they are not easy, 
  which level of learning did you have in mind ? 
  i have a banner in the same material . 
  i ironed it at very low heat . 
  it worked fine . 
  it was a nice video with good visuals and explanations . 
  i 'm doing an internship working on mycobacterial biofilm at the moment . 
  is this at all considered in the treatment of tb ? 
  from your part ? 
  from other labs that you 've heard of ? 
  learn that when i tried to autoclace 6-well plates with glass slides in them ... 
  if i had an interview for a job at the lab where i am currently doing an internship i would never wear a tie . 
  i would dress nice but do n't overdo it . 
  everyone in that lab , professors included , dress super casual unless they are doing some sort of representation . 
  my point is that every lab is different . 
  maybe go by and have a sneak peak to estimate the level on the dress code ? 
  if there is nothing weird in them i 'd definitley have one !, 
  can someone please explain why we need a ben-hur remake ? 
  my dad worked at an infection hospital in stockholm sweden when the first cases of hiv/aids started dropping in in the late 70s and early 80s . 
  he said it was really horrible to see people die and not be able to do anything . 
  hell at first they could n't even tell what they were dying from . 
  i think they are using sugar as it is used in everyday conversation , sucrose that is . 
  i mean celloluse is also sugar and if this had to be specified the article would be a very unpleasant read . 
  as a swede visiting the us i can say i had that feeling about many restaurant and fast food chains over there . 
  it is important that you learn about the fukt . 
  really important . 
  for people to start paying attention you need to have a large number of death by what used to be very easy to treat infections . 
  and this needs to happen in the industrialised world . 
  then people will start paying attention and the research will receive the funding it needs . 
  cellulose is sugar , in the same way that starch , glycogen and other polymers of carbohydrates are sugars . 
  just because it is n't digestible by humans it does n't mean that it is n't a sugar . 
  that it is n't classified as sugar in food labeling but that was exactly my point . 
  `` sugar '' in food labeling is sucrose . 
  if these is any other sugar added it needs to labled by its proper name . 
  i 'm not saying that all swedish/european fast foods are good and all us chains are bad ... 
  but this was my general impression . 
  it does n't matter . 
  cellulose is still a sugar . 
  even if contains of 2 or 100 million monosaccharide . 
  that 's why its called a polysaccharide . 
  once again , what i 'm saying hold up . 
  the original article labels sugar correctly . 
  it 's not a scientific article and therefore they are using sugar as it is used in everyday speech . 
  100 % correct, 
  as an undergrad doing an internship over the summer i was so happy and proud when the professor leading the group told me that i was now a part of the research group and should be treated and act as such . 
  if he would have done what you 're suggesting i would probably have left and considered a new career option . 
  do you goddamn dishes people !, 
  if you think cell walls are cool , check out any mycobacterium . 
  40 % of the dry wheight is cell wall . 
  they can also survive inside a macrophage because of their extremely tough cell wall . 
  they are also a bitch to work with compared to other lab species like e coli . 
  i went to a barber shop that turned the chair away from the mirror and had a tv with a movie on . 
  almost always an old time war movie . 
  although the guy cutting hair was a great guy at least i was n't always in the mood for a conversation and he handled that pretty well with the tv . 
  i just watched this episode !, 
  like 5 min ago !, 
  i used to go swimming right next to stadshuset when i was a kid . 
  but i would never go in that water now . 
  been a lot of arguments on that wall . 
  try dry cleaners . 
  they usually have a tailoring service . 
  or go to a more high end clothing store that sells suits . 
  they usually have a tailor somewhere that they use . 
  this thread is a goddamn ghost town !, 
  the might care if 10 y/o kids are jumping from the higher wall . 
  haha i do n't know . 
  not to expensive . 
  well , they apparently had this view until the mid 00s when i swam there last . 
  it says kista on a sign on the picture, 
  \u00c5terkom sedan . 
  mmmm . 
  this movie has one of the best scores ever . 
  sasha baron cohen and pamela anderson were quite open about their friendsship during the hype of the movie . 
  i have a slight memory of reading a statement from her about the whole thing being staged . 
  the people who attended the signing did n't know though . 
  i really thought he was going to take a leak ... imagine that !, 
  i mean if borat was n't real in that sense , the movie would be absolute crap . 
  is n't that a sunshine story !, 
  and may i also add : jerry !, 
  i 'm not from the us so i 've only heard stories about how frat boys are . 
  they came pretty close to what i imagined . 
  you should consult some government officials , either in sweden or in portugal . 
  talk to your school . 
  there should be a guidance counselor that can help you . 
  men bra val !, 
  and then scrolling reddit some more . 
  i told an ex that cheated on me that i had pancreatic cancer and had 6 month left to live .
