all carts are like that here in sweden . 
  i 've heard lots americans be amazed by this because they only have back wheel staring . 
  use some anti inflammation cream when you feel pain and try running on soft surfaces . 
  like on a track or grass . 
  do n't run if your knee is hurting . 
  this has worked for me . 
  there are studies suggesting that screaming relives some of the pain . 
  oh i hope these remakes are coming !, 
  yes they can . 
  source : my cousin does this . 
  or just make it a bit more exciting ? 
  this was very inspiring . 
  i kept visualising the drill sgt. 
  from full metal jacket screaming this in my face . 
  a box of nerdy hiking stuff that she probably would n't buy herself . 
  i got this as a present once and was so happy . 
  i 've always been proud of my very good memory . 
  but i have also always been troubled by my poor sleeping . 
  fml ... 
  well , relatively speaking , a track is softer than concrete and asphalt . 
  there is a hormon called adh ( anti diuretic hormone ) which controls how much you pee . 
  ethanol inhibits the production of this hormone and thus alcoholic drinks makes you pee alot more than non alcoholic drinks . 
  i always run and hike in wool socks and have no problem . 
  yesterday i walked 10k with cotton socks and the blisters were everywhere !, 
  i 'm also superexcited !, 
  but i 'm also feeling pretty confident that it 's gon na be a fuck up in some way ... 
  i usually bring some oat based energy bars . 
  they usually have the proper amount of slow and fast sugars . 
  pick short novels . 
  or short stories . 
  choose the grittier one 's like bukowski . 
  or find books about something you are interested in . 
  that 's one way of putting it . 
  haruki murakamis kafka on the shore . 
  oh my god , you are focusing on the wrong thing . 
  just think of it as something that sticks with you . 
  just the thought of holding something in your hand has spread knowledge and pleasure to people throughout history is to me something to find pleasure in . 
  source on that value please . 
  oh my god i know so many people like this !, 
  `` should we undo the mistakes of our pasts ? '', 
  that sound like it could be a misake of our present ... 
  first you have to explain what you mean by really long . 
  i have ~ 25 cm long hair and it is no problem what so ever . 
  it sounds like you use a lot of schampoo . 
  have you been preparing in any way ? 
  preparation helps alot . 
  yup . 
  this is so stupid . 
  a girl in my dorm throws or gives away enormous quantities of food , as soon as it approaches the exp . 
  date shes scared of it and does n't want to eat it . 
  it pisses me off . 
  they should put that sign over the entrance to the movie theater tht marks the entrance to hell in dante 's `` divina commedia '' . 
  well it should be a process ... 
  but i do n't really think it 's that hard or different once you get used to it . 
  if it smells fine , looks fine and tastes fine it is usually ... fine . 
  indeed . 
  the ecosystems can change over the years ... one should n't just introduce `` new '' species into enviroments , especially species we knoe nearly nothing of . 
  finally some sweden all up in here !, 
  i like winter ... maybe i should move . 
  maybe it 's not that kind of article , but i like to know how the bacteria do this !, 
  off to new intriguing conquest of knowledge !, 
  no not at all . 
  if a book has `` odd language '' it can take a couple of pages to get use to it , but after that i do n't even realize it . 
  i often see as the charm of the book . 
  i have a much bigger problem with audiobooks . 
  no not really . 
  were you a smoker when you started drinking beer ? 
  maybe you just have to adapt to the real taste of beer if that was the case . 
  i for one thought it was amazing having all the flavour coming back . 
  until i could smell how my clothes and my room actually smelled . 
  there is n't one . 
  you can cope with the symptoms of dehydration and fatigue by drinking water and some coffee ( yes i ` ts a diuretic but it 's so slightly diuretic that it does n't really count ) and having a meal . 
  the acetalaldehyd will keep forming in your body making you hungover , so sorry mate . 
  there 's no way around getting hungover if you got drunk . 
  i would really want to !, 
  but i 'm going to j\u00e4mtlandstriangeln on the 13th . 
  let us know how it went afterwards !, 
  ok , lets hope it gets better as you progress . 
  i thought it was pretty cool as flavours an smells was starting to return !, 
  a very good example !, 
  just trying to educate the masses ( and feel like my biochem courses gave me something ... ) . 
  i live in europe and has never seen it anywhere . 
  guess there is no market for it neither here nor in the states . 
  if you are looking for gas stoves , anything from primus . 
  tent is recommended since it can be really windy and latley we have been having very wet winters . 
  so if we shall draw some experience from the recent years , be ready for alot of different wheaters . 
  i has gone from bare ground to a halfmeter of snow in 24 hours . 
  if you are experienced this should n't be a problem though . 
  anything else you are wondering about ? 
  ok , i live in sweden . 
  might explain that then . 
  well , i guess that could make the process start over . 
  or , more likley , just hide the symptoms . 
  are you trying to sell something ? 
  because this link was just a page trying to sell me stuff . 
  knock it off . 
  poorer countries where the general population ca n't afford to eat meat every day often have prettry good vegan cuisine . 
  get some more miles in you . 
  in no time you will be flying !, 
  it took you eight years to try and cook beans ?
