  i 've worked in the or unit and they always tell patiens to bring earphones . 
  especially when they are doing hip replacements . 
  it will be a short procedure but still , one thing less to focus on . 
  for those who hav n't heard om imdb or wikipedia this is great . 
  i wish i understood what my statistics lecturer was talking about ... 
  it is n't . 
  as someone stated : that 's how addition works . 
  first grade math is the shit !, 
  the pursuit of happiness . 
  tell her it 's private and you do n't want to discuss it with her ... she ought to respect that . 
  so a movie where chris pratt rides a motor cycle along with dinosaurs ... 
  the trailer suggests this movie will suck . 
  i would answer that `` no , on this patricular matter i do n't '' . 
  but that 's really up to you since i do n't know the nature of your relationship . 
  classic struggle between crowd pleasing and good film making . 
  yeah that 's something that i will never understand . 
  how someone can judge someone for liking sex ... 
  i like it . 
  we 'll see about that when it comes out . 
  til then the trailer has to do the talking . 
  they sure are, 
  just like in the movie !, 
  if you can get a hold on a copy of campbell : biology they have a great explanation of the electron transport chain . 
  it made me finally understand it . 
  source on the cancer thing pls . 
  and just leave if you do n't like it ... a whole subreddit wo n't change just because one person does n't like it . 
  but sorry you feel that way . 
  i would get a bh250 with a good cab instead . 
  much more worth it in everything except utility . 
  good a woodo b5 walnut a few weeks back . 
  made me realise how difficult my old fender was to play . 
  the woodo purrs like a kitten !, 
  okay then . 
  you must feel pretty alienated on reddit overall then . 
  very cool !, 
  ok , then i would go cheaper . 
  but the tc-electronics are good amps with cool features . 
  nothing is wrong with you , it 's just weird that the karma whoring in this sub bothers you so much that you have to make a thread about it . 
  it 's not a very broad thread and one ca n't expect much more than this ... 
  there are threads where the karma whoring and bragging about others achivements is much more widespread . 
  a quick googling just revealed that they are that expensive . 
  they are of good quality , try testing one !, 
  i would go for it !, 
  i know that game bro . 
  if you are 17 you are still a teenager with raging hormones . 
  like giving 20 million to adam sandler ... 
  if you decide to take a day trip to uppsala ( 40 min north of stockholm by train ) send me a pm . 
  but i have an exam on wednesday so after that !, 
  if you define vegan as someone who do not eat or use any products that comes from an animal ( or some similiar definition ) you can be pro life , becuase then veganism is just basically about what you put in your mouth ... 
  i 'm sensing that you have another definition though . 
  but where does the view on abortion come in ? 
  i understand that many vegans also are pro choice , but from my point of view it does n't have to be like that , i get the feeling that op has that view . 
  what would be the point of this ? 
  i mean really , what be the actual use ? 
  so that that everyone in the developed world could live to 150 ? 
  or to treat disease ... 
  is she into molecular biology ? 
  if that is the case `` essentials of genetics '' could be essential for understanding how dna works . 
  `` hot for words '' does a piece on that [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sodoiamwqby ) and explains why it 's prononced in one way and spelled an other . 
  almost got pus from an anal abcess in my face once ... was pretty gross . 
  mine is 10 digits, 
  dude , if you already know she 's gon na say yes , what 's the problem ? 
  enjoy the moment . 
  worst case scenario is that she says no and i bet it 's her loss then . 
  go do your thing !, 
  it 's something you got to learn as a part of growing up . 
  it will become easier . 
  i 'm 26 and i have alot of friends who does n't have the courage to ask girls out . 
  do n't be that guy !, 
  could n't this kind of thinking be applied to any instinct ? 
  it certainly does . 
  so go do it and let us know how it went !, 
  too bad you live on the other side of the earth . 
  you sound great !, 
  gave up facebook about a year ago . 
  it 's awesome . 
  i also gave up instagram , twitter and i never got snapchat . 
  i can recommend it !, 
  starting my last course of my mandatory courses on monday . 
  i have no interest in it but have to because i wo n't get to continue otherwise . 
  will be a fun end to the semester ... 
  i have no interest in ecology and tried to swap it for biochemistry ii . 
  but as i said ... mandatory . 
  that 's what your teens is for basically , making an ass of yourself and learning by your mistakes . 
  if you do n't do it then you probably have to do it later ... 
  what 's your approach ? 
  the q-balls sounded pretty cool !, 
  will check that one out !, 
  i 'm going to a store that only sells pedals ... looks like i 'm going to have to have a serious conversation with the guy who works there . 
  swedish band called `` k\u00e4rrgruvavan '' . 
  the play a sort of psychedelic reggae . 
  so awesome !, 
  i sleep very little . 
  about 6 hours a night . 
  at first i thought i was having insomnia or something but i realised i function as well as i used to . 
  haha everything you said is spot on on me !, 
  i 'm tall and skinny as well . 
  i 've heard that that 's a thing too . . 
  works well enough !, 
  who 's the man ?
