  you are gon na find alot of those in this thread . 
  i quite tall ... so being short becomes a dealbreaker . 
  agreed . 
  was incredibly disappointed with the old man and the sea . 
  too much hype i guess . 
   assume you are right when in doubt . 
  decisive is productive . 
  this is stupid ... solve the problem by finding out the real answer instead of guessing . 
  like ... check your email when you recieve an email or need to send one . 
  working on leg strength can help your stride and prevent injury helping you to push yourself harder . 
  i do this when it 's to rainy or cold to run . 
  not going to be your best cardio but at least it 's something . 
  a lipid bilayer ? 
  it feels like they are not taking into account that some of these events can be linked ... causing some exponential death !, 
  a microbiologist should have known ... 
  or just ignore them and continue doing your thing ... 
  first things first , where do you live ? 
  why did they stop using solar power ? 
  ah ok , know my way around the swedish brands pretty well but have no idea about what you have overthere . 
  maybe she so hot she needs more cholesterol ? 
  this does n't feel like something every man should know ... but something the stereotype of a man should know . 
  what is this , the 50s ? 
  and most of the things on that list has nothing to do with being a man and is as good for a person of any gender and almost any age to learn . 
  i feel like we can , and should , be bigger than this . 
   it is no longer about models . 
  it is about observation , '' said nobre . 
  we are gon na see alot more of this in the years to come . 
  omg that was hilarious !, 
  on a good day : no motivation needed . 
  i think my field is so interesting and fun it does n't feel like studying . 
  on a bad day : eyes on the prize !, 
  and keep in mind that you love what you are doing . 
  and shit loads of caffeine . 
  i get motivated to do anything on a caffeine rush !, 
  i have a constant fear that someone 's always there . 
  so you want to get into semantics about this whole subreddit ? 
  i do n't . 
  have a nice day . 
  ah man , you ca n't get away with anything in this subreddit ... 
  feels like the men who thinks lists like this makes you a man need a counter balance in this subreddit sometimes ... also , who gives a shit about down votes ? 
  for a company who set out to be so very prgrossive it 's weird that they hav n't already make a dairy free ice cream . 
  guess it has something to do with money after all . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  is this some sort of inside joke for people who do fall decorations ? 
  tinker is a good film . 
  but slooooooow !, 
  was n't my intention of implying that a movie being slow is a bad thing , but if you are not in the mood for a slow movie it 's a bad thing . 
  if you 're in the mood for a spy movie with alot of action this is n't the one . 
  you guys know your drug prices !, 
  the only one i know who still uses teapots is my grandmother . 
  is that you granny ? 
  get out while you can !, 
  i always do !, 
  and so should all of you !, 
  also , this goes for everyone . 
  regardless of gender ... 
  you are quite the catch are n't you ? 
  no , not at all , why would it ? 
  better you do it one day a week than not at all . 
  if you are afraid of coming on like weekend warrior do n't worry about it . 
  imo people should n't interfere with what you choose in your diet . 
  so cudos and good luck to you . 
  hope that you 'll find all the exciting stuff in the vegan world !, 
  congratz on lvl 20 !, 
  well , where i come from 20 is the shit !, 
  why ? 
  because then you can start buying alcohol in stores and not just in bars . 
  never argue with mom !, 
  it is normal . 
  a vegetarian diet contains much more fiber and less calories . 
  this mean that you will become as full but not eat the same amount of calories . 
  this naturally depends on what you include in your vegetarian but generally a weightloss is to be expected . 
  this was on the latest episode of `` qi '' was n't it ? 
  so you put your dick on his knee ? 
  lots of fact you see on qi show up a few days later for karma . 
  when in denmark ... 
  one good thing about the tragic death of john bonham was that zeppelin decided to quit and not get ruined by the 80s . 
  a reunion tour today would not be a good performance ... cudos to him !, 
  for someone who reads this for the first time ... pls elaborate and provide sources . 
  i would be happy to read them . 
  will do . 
  the problem i see with this whole `` stealing their music '' - thing , before looking into , is that everyone does this . 
  it 's just the big ones who get sued . 
  at the end of the day it all comes down to people sticking to a decision they made and keeping their tattoos , or not getting one . 
  nothing is up to the doctors at the end of the day , they do n't have to do anything ... 
  and then it 's a doctor 's responsibility to fix your mistake ? 
  funny , this was my point exactly in my oroginal comment . 
  and as always , this goes against the general consensus in the scientific community and `` weather is not climate '' . 
  although that does n't mean is should be brushed off as nothing but looked into and reserached . 
  people who were born in the 90s wear shirts of band tours of the 70s . 
  you are fine . 
  right you are , but it could still be a step in the right direction in phasing out the fossil fuels . 
  someone just have to convince the petrol head car enthusiasts that hydrogen have a much higher energy output than the fuels we use today . 
  maybe then the market should take off to begin with . 
  yes , it makes you feel alive . 
  as long as you have the proper gear so you do n't risk your health in any way it 's great . 
  i always wait until about 10 pm to run in the summer . 
  ca n't stand that heat ... 
  your body creates more red blood cells to feed the demand of oxygen yes .
