  i like discussion , hence my answer . 
  but if you feel the need , please explain the meaning of rip off . 
  this was a much better comment than his !, 
  this has happned to me and many others i know . 
  in my case i was super good at remembering facts and spitting them out on a paper , somewhat connecting them . 
  that was enough for high school in my case . 
  but at uni one had to start using that knowledge to draw conclusions , solve problems etc. 
  took some getting used to . 
  i 'm noticing a lot of the new students in my dorm has a hard time adjusting to picking up their shit in the kitchen and other common areas . 
  i think am\u00e9lie fits this description pretty well . 
  but it 's not very flashy though . 
  but shes definitley enjoying her life . 
  star craft . 
  that i make amazing new break throughs all the time with minimal effort . 
  i mean , he might . 
  if it did n't looke like alice in wonderland . 
  he got has made some movies with that eerie surreal feeling to them . 
  and then he made some that looks like a paint store threw up over them , and i think this would negate the tone the harry potter movies need . 
  i was basically the laughing stock in my family for no particlar reason . 
  my family is always beating down on someone , and when no one else is around they needed to it someone , that was me . 
  when i got older i sort of just felt , fuck em . 
  there 's an irony to not developing those skills because teachers think you do n't need them because you are already so smart ... 
  i would have definitley needed some more challenges to develop those skills . 
  i got that at uni and now i 'm fine . 
  if you are in dire need of advice , turn to the good folks on the internet, 
  i was told in school by teachers that i was more gifted than others . 
  i was n't . 
  this made my academic life a lot harder . 
  applicable to molecular biology as well . 
  calculate twice , pipette once . 
  every phd knows . 
  when i started haning out with a new crowd . 
  realized my old group of friends were basically circlejerking . 
  learning that there are other opionions out there was an eye opener that i do n't know everything . 
  drawing . 
  basically ca n't draw stick figures to save my own life . 
  what the hell are these hack frauds doing in this thread !, 
  the facts that it 's 8.10 am and i have lab reports to write . 
  an absurd amount of coffee will soon make its way through my system ... 
  as someone who is attending uni ... 
  courses , that 's all you talk about with people that you do n't really wan na talk to . 
  `` so which courses are you taking ? '', 
  you need a car to go out ? 
  i still think this is a lot . 
  but i live in sweden and does n't pay more than ~ 100 dollar for a whole year of all the health care ( only if i need it , not as insurance ) . 
  college education costs 0 in sweden . 
  i guess having a baby would cost something . 
  having a baby costs more than college education in sweden . 
  do n't tell trump . 
  really ? 
  first time hearing of this ... 
  make pancake batter ( swedish style is preferable , but i guess american style works as well ) , add the batter to a large pot and stir over medium heat until it solidifies . 
  eat it with sugar , cinnamon and milk . 
  i just assume that anyone who pursues a career in my field is going to learn english ( including myself ) . 
  if they do n't they probably wo n't have a career in it . 
  tom waits - hope that i do n't fall in love with you, 
  come on , you understand damn well what i meant . 
  if you need to portrait me as ignorant about the tax system in the country where i live to continue the discussion do n't bother . 
  i know about the taxes , i think the system works way better than if the individual should pay the whole sum ( with or without insurance ) . 
  this because i do n't believe health care should be a business but a human right . 
  you have every right to disagree , but do n't do it in this juvenile manner . 
  can you give a source ? 
  it is kind of strange ... 
  so in the course of roughly 10 months there were these cases ? 
  i mean , i thought you were going to post a study with some statistics . 
  there are basically 3 isolated incidents which , imo , does n't represent the doctors in sweden . 
  well ... then the answer is : no doctors in sweden are not overworked . 
  so if you wo n't include them in a discussion where you have to supply sources for your claim , do n't mention them . 
  you did n't , but you posted the question . 
  and i answered it with my view of the subject , to which you repsonded that you never said that they were overworked . 
  ca n't you form a cohesive opionion and stand for it ? 
  so we do n't have to reduce the discussion to semantics ? 
  if you think that they are overworked , say so from the beginning . 
  if you do n't , take that position and argue from it . 
  otherwise the discussion becomes about who said what instead of discussing actual interesting content . 
  once again , my answer to the question intially posted is : without proper references , no i do n't think the conclusion can be drawn that doctors in sweden are overworked . 
  i knew a couple that been together since they were 15 . 
  they married at 25 because '' we are never going to break up anyway '' . 
  they got divorced 18 months later . 
  but u/uberman35 goes to 11 ... 
  i have a friend whose 11 year old just googled `` xxx kids '' . 
  the have been posponing the talk . 
  newgrounds.com -  britney spears dress up, 
  tried it a couple of times . 
  always became miserable . 
  would n't recommend it . 
  `` power overwhelming '' . 
  ol' starcraft habits die hard . 
  the worst part is that we always tried to act like it worked. , even though we both knew i did n't . 
  antibiotics can kill you . 
  do n't mess with hygromycin . 
  i had the e-string of an electrcis bass hit me in the face when it snapped . 
  it hurt ... a alot !, 
  born in the usa . 
  not those who listen to more than the chorus , but everybody else . 
  such a powerful chorus though, 
  keep hydrated , i.e. 
  drink water . 
  gon na need some scientific refrences on all of those i 'm afraid ... 
  i was just rocking that hard !,
