  i hav n't been in a movie theater since `` the expendeables '' , i that was just to hang out with some friends and i hardly watched the movie . 
  like the article says , it 's not worth $ 20 ( translated from swedish currency prices ) to watch generic crap . 
  i have no problem paying for things that are worth paying for . 
  good article , hope some hollywod executives read this and fire mr bay . 
  imagine how many burgers that could buy you !, 
  nice putting the nsfw tag at the end of the text . 
  interesting how appearance trumped function during a period of military history ... 
  really makes me quiver . 
  [ letting andy do the talkning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyp_dpqv_ay ), 
  that you get born just to die ... 
  i do n't pirate , i just said i do n't go to the movies or purchase dvds . 
  and your right in some sense , i generally do n't watch it . 
  are you claiming that the only movies that excist are the ones that go for overpriced cinema costs ? 
  ca n't you find any other movie than the ones produced by hollywood the recent years or others that you can pirate ? 
  i make my statements from what i picked up from the article . 
  and you know ... there was a movie interest before internet . 
  we have many services like netflix where i come from that supply a sufficent amount of movies . 
  and i did n't say i never pirated ... 
  i just hav n't done it in the recent year and do n't plan to do it for while . 
  and i have lots of friends who buy dvds . 
  call me a freeloader , but if i get invited by a friend i 'm gon na go watch that movie . 
  are you trying to tell me that i 'm not welcome at r/movies because i do n't comsume my media in the same quantities or the way as you are ? 
  or is this just some generic crap discussion that can be traced back to the article ? 
  edit : also , you can borrow a shitload of movies at the libraries where i come from ... 
  also , people of normal length pokes your eyes out with their umbrellas . 
  i think it looks kind of normal for a sunflower . 
  you also run the risk of getting in to a fight . 
  i too like to live dangerously !, 
  exactly what i thought ... `` skip everything you like about everything you like and you save lots of money '' . 
  why make the experience of ingesting something that you like ( that is n't harmful ) a less pleasing experience ? 
  i fell in love with istanbul a few years ago , and when reading his descritption of the city and all the feelings he feel towards it i could really recognize myself . 
  also he starts of a chapter with '' i learned pretty young that most people are idiots '' which is a philosofy i have always felt that i too learned pretty young . 
  this leads me to my next character : antoine roquentin from sartre 's `` nausea '' . 
  you can rent a sauna that floats around in the city . 
  basically a houseboat/sauna combo . 
  always thought that was pretty neat . 
  oh well , one can try to makes jokes about us swedes being anti-social . 
  obviously we are also not funny . 
  you can find very many poisenous and edible plants in almost any family . 
  wel they might be , i was going to look it up real quick and i discovered [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helianthus ) and learned that there are shitloads of different species ... 
  only seems to be available in swedish . 
  also , very expensive !, 
  gave a talk about the asteraceae family during my botanical course at uni . 
  i should know this ... 
  the point of the parenthesis was ( can you guess it ? ), 
  that everything is relative . 
  do n't do heroine kids . 
  what was your pitch to the doctor ? 
  srsly do n't do heroine . 
  seems a little harsh if it is an accident ... 
  sounds like fungi or something . 
  does it say anywhere why ? 
  because when you start talking about x chromosomes shutting off ( barr-bodies ) is when it gets real interesting !, 
  was n't that exactly what i said ? 
  in female organisms one of the x chromosomes shuts down and forms a barr-body . 
  which of the two is random . 
  so if the gene for colour is on the x chromosome , and two x chromosomes carry different color ... you get different colours on your body . 
  we call it `` red sunhat '' in swedish . 
  gees ... you are like the fourth person describing something i described first ... 
  yes , exactly as i said . 
  read the comments . 
  seems like you live in douche bag city then . 
  ethanol irritates the stomach . 
  that 's why you puke after ingesting alcoholic drinks . 
  so it feels good because the irritant goes away . 
  also , it could be a psychological thing where you think you have purged yourself when you really hav n't . 
  because the us have a national debt of $ 17 trillion . 
  oh , i thought this harlem shake this was a dance thing . 
  damn i 'm old . 
  make sure you get proper closure . 
  it will make it so much easier to go on . 
  excellent source of nitrogen !, 
  pee in your gardens people !, 
  all of nature loves urine !, 
  mostly because you are not aware of the former . 
  so the purging is n't real ? 
  since there is npthing left of what you had been drinking after 2 hours . 
  nvm keep throwing up !, 
  most likley some sort of bacterica that is causing that color . 
  that would on the other hand be a bi strange since it is flowing water ... hmm . 
  were there any smells ? 
  you do sweat if you take a hot shower , you just do n't notice . 
  when you take a not as hot shower your body does n't need to sweat since the water is doing the job of cooling you down . 
  studies that have been made on elite swimmers show that they sweat considerably less than other athletes on land . 
  their bodies have learned not to waste water during a race . 
  pretty cool huh ? 
  not only spending time . 
  also doing heavy exercise . 
  swimming fast is some serious work !, 
  imagine if the temperature of the pool was just a little bit higher . 
  then we would n't see the same results as we are . 
  i 'm starting my second year in molecular/micro-biology . 
  thinking about doing my masters in limnology . 
  yeah you have to dilute it a bit . 
  but urea is a great source for nitrogen . 
  pro : you also hit your head on all the signs at the grocery store . 
  con : people laugh at you when you hit your head on all the signs at the grocery store . 
  cool !, 
  how do you make that cut ? 
  looks really smooth .
