  oh yeah my dad does , but there is only about 9000 people in sweden that makes more money than him ( note : top 1 % ) . 
  to bad it costs more than double what i spend on food each month . 
  would like to get it as a gift though * hint * . 
  swans be like `` what climate change ? '', 
  try adblock plus . 
  if you decide to take a day trip to uppsala send me a pm !, 
  why ? 
  so , be skeptical just for the sake of being skeptical ? 
  i agree than one should n't just accept things right away , but when should one ? 
  what you are describing is to me very foreign , except for in very religious people , although they are rare where i come from . 
  do n't do this . 
  just do n't ... 
  dude ... 
  i know my way around bacteria . 
  that 's why i know that you should never trust a doctor who tells you to put a probiotic on your dick that was meant to ingest . 
  there is two totally different floras that should n't be mixed . 
  so i repeat : do n't do this . 
  see a real doctor . 
  fan vad punk !, 
  e.coli mg1655 k-12 ? 
  `` you only need like seven mates to get you through life '' - karl pilkington, 
  csn can have ruined the lives of so many talented students . 
  but i feel you , i left 3 uni programs before i found what was right for me , even if you 've already found it the feeling like shit part is probably about the same . 
  but if you feel the way you do call csn and ask them about it . 
  itt : things only iasip fan say . 
  we had a lecture by a woman who had almost gotten her phd , then all of a sudden she changed her mind and started selling ads for a paper instead . 
  have they cleaned up ? 
  i hav n't been there for a couple of years but then it was a shithole . 
  what did she use to do this ? 
  the real way of finding good reliable first hand sources are review articles . 
  much easier to find and most of the times a have like 100 first hand papers cited . 
  the copy number allows more copies of the plasmid . 
  somewhat depending on the promoter this will give a higher expression . 
  ca n't answer the question on topology though , i 'm guessing no since the topoisomerases and helicase will solve that . 
  eh come on . 
  it 's refreshing !, 
  it seems like many americans feel this way , but know is willing to vote in a manner that could make it happen . 
  why should n't one boil strings ? 
  ok , but ~ 100 c ? 
  is that enough to cause an irreversibel impact on steel ? 
  i 'm not disputing the fact that you should n't boil them , i just wanted to know why . 
  this reason does n't seem legit . 
  i 've tried boiling like once or twice , i thought i went ok . 
  but the string lost that `` new '' sound very quickly and went back to sounding `` old '' . 
  i want to imgagine him playing like that for 48 min straight !, 
  is that the point , to remove corrosion ? 
  i thought it was to remove like dead skin and dirt , but mostly skin . 
  i di n't think i ever had corrosion on a string . 
  i think woodo basses are high quiality basses for a low price . 
  if you have an ultrasound bath available ... why not i gues . 
  always happy to help !, 
  if you are in stockholm you should check out the guys shop . 
  basically as small as a dorm room with 15 feet to the roof and basses and guitars covering a wall . 
  well . 
  i 'm in the same situation ( not in the us though ) and i consider myself white . 
  is this wrong ? 
  are they though ? 
  every man should know to not use farenheit . 
  `` i also have a lot of friends complaining that bills are always split down the middle . '', 
  i do n't think there are that many . 
  if you want to try the science threads on reddit i suggest you just keep posting interesting stuff everywhere . 
  questions , articles whatev . 
  sooner or later it will catch on . 
  i 'm on my 3rd year of my bachelor in molecular biology . 
  i have some interest in pursuing a career in synthetic biology . 
  i was in this years igem for example . 
  no i 've never heard of them , but i hav n't really looked either . 
  have you tried the igem website ? 
  that comic sans ... 
  not mine ... 
  i feel so sorry for you americans . 
  here in sweden they ca n't charge for education in any way . 
  sometimes you can pay for things you might need in the courses . 
  but usually you can get them for free . 
  pro tips : vote sanders, 
  insanely high amount is relative , and what we get back from it is worth every penny imho , and alot of swedes are actually willing to pay high taxes as long as the money goes to the right things . 
  paying high taxes which enables tuition free education is what makes sweden have one if the lowest income gaps in the world . 
  does n't the us have the highest in the developed world ? 
  i understand your ideology , but sometimes you have to step away from ideology to what is actually working . 
  every answer on this list is true . 
  spin doctors - little miss ca n't be wrong . 
  bonus : corny 90s video . 
  how often have you had to use all this gear ? 
  i think this is it , or maybe they did n't use a tuning note or whatev , it actually happens . 
  although , it could be that they are n't playing in that key in the recordning, 
  i see more people recommended seagull and i remember having a friend talking about them several years ago . 
  i live in sweden and they do n't seem to have an official dealer here . 
  but i will look it up !, 
  i thought it looked weird at first , but now i think it is something that sets them aside from others . 
  pretty cool . 
  do you mean solid overall out just in the top ? 
  someone told me solid wood goes for at least 1000 if you buy new . 
  i live in sweden . 
  a bit tricky over here !, 
  i have been looking at two used . 
  a cedertop furch and a sigma sg7 1974 . 
  they were both pretty great, 
  nice . 
  will check the swedish ebay also . 
  some people wipe their jizz on the matress .
