  i had the red/purple ones . 
  you body perceives public speaking as a hostile situation . 
  it starts a stress reaction and starts to release stress hormones . 
  these hormones gives you the symptoms associated with nervousness . 
  and some other things ... 
  the girl that treated me had gotten a 4 lb bag in england . 
  i 'd like to meet someone one day who does n't like chocolate ... 
  i understand that this possibly means that you have to be away from your girlfriend . 
  but that stuff is more or less inevitable if your are to go to college or university . 
  it 's too bad , but thats really life . 
  that also happend to me . 
  i would say this means that she does n't care about the gift itself . 
  as long as you 've put some thought and care into it . 
  do you know her well ? 
  go out on a limb and get brownies with nuts ... 
  where do you stand on this rice idea ? 
  women huh ? 
  since i now consider you a rice expert . 
  how to make rice with egg ? 
  i 've heard that that is the most awesome meal there is ... pls help . 
  all the best cookies come from the countrys with the highest population of obese people ... 
  thank you us and uk !, 
  hmm ok ... what did she like to do when you were friends ? 
  the fact that you remebered something she used to like will go along way . 
  it 's like that in a lot of places after the aids scare ... 
  this is weird since they screen the blood for hiv anyways and gay men are no longer more prone to hiv . 
  ok , i feel ya . 
  i hate going to the gym . 
  i do n't really like the culture or whatever and i think lifting is boring . 
  but when i stopped smoking i instantly felt more energetic , i needed somewhere to put that energy so i went for a run . 
  turned out that was kinda sweet ... not in the beginning , not at all . 
  but with the progress i gained intrest . 
  how can i improve my running ? 
  i could do some squats etc. 
  you get the picture . 
  i also really like hiking , long hikes over several days with 50 lbs on your back . 
  that also keeps med motivated . 
  ofc i 'm not trying to tell you you have to do what i did . 
  just trying to help . 
  find your own thing !, 
  this was mine and it was directly related to stopping . 
  rly ? 
  the more you know . 
  still think it 's weird that these kind of things linger . 
  since they test and have a `` 3 months since last sexual partner '' - rule . 
  who would lie about that if they did n't want to infect anyone ? 
  70-99 % chocolate has the most amazing juicyness !, 
  my go to study snack !, 
  is anyone gullable enough to buy this ? 
  i will fry the shit outta that egg !!, 
  but the best whisky comes from scot ... oh wait, 
  ah that 's too bad . 
  i would say to get clean you should quit the e-cig too . 
  but if it keeps you away from the real stuff i guess it 's better . 
  this made me hungry . 
  i will add spring onions . 
  me and the girl next to me laughed so hard at `` koejke '' !, 
  thank you for this !, 
  i will add the soy sauce !, 
  it will be awesome . 
  i just went cold turky . 
  ca n't really see any other way . 
  salt ? 
  let 's skip the brownies and focus on the rice !, 
  oh no , i need another trip to the graveyard . . 
  get drunk , f * ck shit up , have a great night !, 
  he 's the one . 
  pure in his heart . 
  shining there in the bliss , never lost . 
  if zombies want in ... they get it . 
  i 've seen that in the movies . 
  omelet with rice ?!, 
  shits getting weird, 
  boom baby !, 
  tastes like ? 
  hey mr funny man . 
  how do you know ? 
  i do n't like shows were they try and tell me when to laugh . 
  laleh-some die young, 
  11 am in sweden . 
  browsing during a lecture . 
  save me cc !, 
  swedish is a pretty difficult language i 've noticed . 
  people who been living here for 20 years still ca n't speak it flawlessly . 
  but give it your best shot !, 
  no never heard of him ... 
  plant physiology . 
  i actually kind of like it , but it 's so tedious when everyone basically saying the same thing thing about different minerals ... and my break starts tomorrow afternoon . 
  i 'm doing this as a part of my major in molecular biology . 
  tell me and i will teach you some more !, 
  correct . 
  what would you like to learn ? 
  yeah the whole lab was conducted over a couple of weeks where we grew plants and studied them . 
  it was stimulating and quite fun to take care of something living . 
  but everything they saying was basically written in our instructions , oh well . 
  one hour til lunch . 
  a very good student counsellor and some fails courses in journalism and history . 
  she basically told me to stop screwing around and get my shit together . 
  jag = i , heter = my name is , sam = your name . 
  but hello also has an equivalent in the swedish word hall\u00e5 .
