  i 'm from sweden and i rarely understand what 's going on here . 
  more than one instrument . 
  been playing bass for 15 years and guitar for 5 . 
  i do n't think it 's weird to have 2 basses and 3 guitars . 
  ca n't tell if this is great sarcasm or something completley different . 
  did a course recently where reading and discussing papers were a huge part of the course . 
  the instructor , a pi , was adamant that `` you always start with your data when writing a paper '' . 
  nothing is set in stone i guess . 
  you can show up however you want . 
  been to a lot of these events and they are not formel unless there some other event accompanying it . 
  ja men om wikipedia s\u00e4ger s\u00e5 !, 
  i liked more that this movie was made more than i liked the movie , but i still liked it . 
  i think that the could have skipped a full reveal of the aliens , just keeping them more in the mist of things ( quite literally ) . 
  i did n't really like the romance part , that guy just felt so off , and him saying that he was more amazed by meeting her than meeting the aliens made me do the eye roll of the century . 
  i can understand why some did n't like because of little things , but i think it should be viewed as a whole and then it becomes a good movie . 
  my ex-gf wore stockings for christmas once . 
  that was pretty sweet . 
  gon na needs some references on that cholera ... 
  the things that are the hardest to achieve are the most rewarding . 
  [ gorillaz - melancholy hill ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04mfkjwdszi ) . 
  a bit ironic perhaps . 
  very nice !, 
  how are wooden picks compared to plastic ? 
  sequencing joke ? 
  ops mom . 
  dragons in sweden ... who knew ? 
  omg this movie seems terrible ... 
  as a taller man i can say that tallness is very attractive to me . 
  being taller can easily bump a girl up a few notches on the hot scale . 
  few things , but being called racist really gets to me . 
  i 've talked to some people about fixing the exact same dagame on a sigma . 
  they all say it 's a super common damage that super easy to fix with 95 % of the original sound and feel being maintained ( i understand that they might be spicing it up here ) . 
  they would charge around $ 100-150 for just fixing it and $ 300-450 it i wanted them to make the damage totally unnoticable . 
  i understand that it might be a difference in price between diffrent brands and such , but they hav n't mentioned it . 
  is that you dad ? 
  i like it ... 
  nu-metal or progg ? 
  that 's a serious slow clap moment . 
  i do n't think he was talking about the money ... 
  why is n't homeopathy in this thread ? 
  the body shop has a few discrete scents for men that i like very much . 
  great to hear !, 
  going to try out some other models as well !, 
  thought i 'd go through the whole assortment of fenders when i 'm there . 
  and i will try to listen to that dist , probably a nice distortion pedal can make up for that . 
  good advice , will check it a lp . 
  i have a gretsch electromatic with humbucker , do you know how they compare ? 
  when i was a bachelor i did a project where i needed ms to determine lipid composition . 
  i literally walked into the chemistry department and asked if someone could run a ms for me and also analyse the data because i do n't know how . 
  one professor was super excited to help and we had a super nice collaboration . 
  you can always try that . 
  you have to stop saying `` believing '' in science . 
  using the word like that implies that the belief someone put in a deity is the same as someone who uses the scientific method to approach facts . 
  yes , it is easy to use in every day talk , but the linguistics usually becomes confusing in debates on this subject and is sometimes used to only discuss semantics instead of the subject . 
  terror on elm street . 
  i never sleep during the day any way . 
  lets assume that we actually will , then i do n't think it is a matter of time but rather the question of when serious events starts to happen in major economies . 
  flooding , food/water shortage , major spread of antibiotic resistant bacteria and so on . 
  albeit this has already happened to some extent , it needs to happen at a larger scale or more frequently . 
  no it is n't and it has never claimed to be . 
  saying that it is is just a way for oppenents to discuss semantics . 
  first you have to define what this thing around that we ca n't comprehend is . 
  you ca n't just say `` everything '' because there are a lot of things around us that we can actually understand . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yes many people are citing science when we talk about our understanding of the world . 
  the scienfitic method was used to determine why plants are green , how the moon and sun move around us and how to build a bridge hat does n't collapse under the weight of a train . 
  citing science just means that you say `` this will work based on the experiement made by x '' . 
  missed a parcel delivery of a dist pedal and a chorus today because of a mandatory seminar . 
  stupid higher education !, 
  now i have to wait for another day or so ... 
  removing facebook also works, 
  asien . 
  been to soooo many metal concerts over the years in multiple countries . 
  metal heads are nice . 
  or at least they are just like people are mostly . 
  you ll be fine, 
  what a great idea, 
  might i ask what kind of company this is and why you want to establish a branch in sweden/scandinavia ? 
  there are many different plastics and we plan to experiment . 
  there are some plastics with wood mixed in them for some other properties . 
  that one is not ideal for this purpose but hopefully there is another that is . 
  yeah but we only plan on using pla for modeling and then transition to other harder plastics . 
  according to him there are several options . 
  yeah , as op describes it , it definitely seems to be some sort of leakage . 
  i did igem 2015 . 
  our team were quite ambitious , we spent a lot of time creating a project and did our very best to create the best results we could under the circumstances . 
  we knew that we would never have eveything in order in that amount of time . 
  there was n't just enough experience in the team , both when it comes to plain writing code and also in the lab . 
  but , i learned so much !, 
  i was in my second year of my bachelors and almost everybody else was too . 
  we had many different backgrounds and could learn from each other , and we could do basically anything we wanted to in the lab . 
  i put me way ahead of my class mates for the following semester . 
  if you are at master level this might not be the case for you . 
  if you have a good team you will learn a lot and create a great project . 
  otherwise , do something else . 
  and you ? 
  i think you can definitely do both over the summer . 
  there are some classics that are fairly short so you go through them pretty quickly , and then circle back to cyber security . 
  imho , none of them are classy and i do n't like the look of any of them . 
  sorry i guess .
