  the tendency to act stupid or helpless to get me to do stuff for her . 
  this has subsided significantly since i know she 's smart and can do things on her own , so i do n't just do things for her . 
  she 's just lazy sometimes . 
  when i were out on the sea in a tiny fishing boat during a storm in brazil . 
  we were going to take this ferry to an island but missed it . 
  some fishermen said the could take us . 
  do n't know what my parents were thinking . 
  * scorpions - savage amusement, 
  * slipknot - slipknot, 
  * fleetwood mac - rumours, 
  i mean that would be neat ... 
  but knowing myself in the context i 'd probably get to high to notice any of the music . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  because you have an std ( most prabable if you are sexually active ) . 
  see a doctor . 
  as an aspiring researcher in the field of molecular biology , this list gave me back all the hope i loose when i view the job market . 
  how antibiotics work . 
  do n't take them to treat a cold . 
  username checks out . 
  when you paid for porn, 
  why would it be a big step ? 
  i do n't know much about this kind of guitar but i would say listen to u/iryantoj, 
  i mean ... all things being relative and all ; i would still consider 360 dollars to be quite cheap for a guitar . 
  again i do n't know much about these types of guitars or ops budget to really make that statement . 
  was just curious about the step business because a lot of people do n't wan na buy specific gear until they reach a certain level of skill . 
  my bad . 
  seems like a good deal then . 
  just go for it . 
  i bet you 'll have lots of fun with it !, 
  used porn was the adolescent version of treasure hunting back in the days . 
  not of you were born in the 80s . 
  are you implying i doged a bullet every time i went for that precious booty ? 
  i 'm sure there are some pleasant gentleman around here that can point you in the direction of some hd porn . 
  local gas station for me . 
  my friends mom had a creepy boy friend . 
  we found his stash of vhs tapes with recordings from television . 
  quite nasty when i think about it now . 
  ikea will sell special frames for them . 
  or special shelves . 
  oh yes . 
  that seems so distant now . 
  i remember doing on the weekend and then bragging about seeing very blurry boobs in school . 
  haha i did it too like a week ago . 
  she was not amused and left the room for a while . 
  a man 's got ta do what a man 's got ta do, 
  `` excuse me for my rape/rap '', 
  [ landslide ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5fvmpbr31i ) by fleetwood mac is a good song to just play . 
  i play it and i do n't sing . 
  this link is a good lesson imo, 
  bromma is pretty huge , and it includes some of stockholms ( and perhaps also swedens ) most wealthiest neighborhoods . 
  but it also includes some pretty shitty ones , and eveything in between . 
  i lived in a rat hole apartment in johannesfred , ulvsunda industriomr\u00e5de . 
  most people in stockholm never heard of this area and it differs quite a alot from the whealthy suburbs of like \u00c4ppelviken or \u00c4ngby . 
  imagine walking from alvik at 4 in the morning . 
  all of a sudden hundres of people just poor out from a garage . 
  it was a weird first weekend in my new apartment . 
  i do n't know anything about mtg ... 
  but the representatives at biological student counsel ( b\u00c4r ) does n't seem to do much else than play mtg . 
  or at least they used to . 
  bromma has a few more communications due to the subway that goes straight into the city . 
  this has a point . 
  i had to travel all around the world to find out that i do n't like traveling that much . 
  so invensting a lot on traveling may end up being depressing on its own . 
  when i saw that c9 i thought you were gon na jazz it up a bit . 
  this works to , good one !, 
  all this talk about how uni 's and colleges should n't be an intellectual environment but rather a home and a safe space . 
  them youngsters be stupid . 
  they now death magnetic . 
  the ones that play guitar also knows mama said and nothing else matters . 
  the inability to form a cohesive stand point in an arguement . 
  just dancing around opinions without actually expressing one . 
  then you can always say `` no , i never said that '' when you basically argued for that stand point all along . 
  having another drink is a classic . 
  i thought that the world was a lot smaller than it actually is . 
  i mean , i knew it was huge , just not that huge . 
  i would do a lot of nasty things for that gretsch . 
  nice collection !, 
   we may think we are just made up of cells , but in reality , there are 10 times as many microbes in our body as cells . 
  has n't his been refutiated ? 
  i remember hearing somewhere that the guy that said just said as an hypothetical statement and later changed his mind . 
  can i see that research ? 
  there was a post on reddit a while back where the guy who stated this took it back . 
  10-100 times smaller . 
  a eukaryotic cell ranges from 10-100 \u00b5m and the bacterial cell ranges from 1-10 \u00b5m . 
  you sound like a spokes person for the dairy industry ... 
  a normal bacterial colony that you see on plate that has n't been growing for too long , like e.coli on [ this ] ( http://academic.pgcc.edu/~kroberts/web/colony/eaeru.gif ) picture , contain around 100 million bacterial cells ( along with some biofilm and other stuff ) . 
  that means that 1 billion cells are 10 of these colonies . 
  and 1000 of those 1 billion colonies is 1 trillion cells . 
  now you can start imagine . 
  my grandfather smoked like a chimney from the his early teens . 
  lived to 87 . 
  i 'm definitely not defending smoking . 
  my point was that saying things like that falls kind of flat and does n't prove anything . 
  you are basically done touring uppsala in one day , easily . 
  so do n't worry about hidden gems . 
  unless you are super into to swedish history . 
  please elaborate, 
  you might wan na go to stockholm more than one day . 
  i 'm not trying to put you off . 
  but uppsala is a small town ( even if it is sweden 's 4th largest ) and you run out of things to see very quickly .
