  must be a swedish thing then . 
  that 's not really how it works ... 
  read somewhere that everyone lies about 5-8 times a day ... people suck, 
  thank you , my 60 cc in immunology will benefit from this . 
  how about airborne diseases ? 
  and viruses and bacteria often do not survive for more than a couple of hours ( depending on the pathogen it can be longer ) on surfaces that lack water or something else that they need . 
  of course you can minimize one risk by washing your hands since your hands are most likley to get in your mouth or nose , but your are not immune just because you wash your hands alot . 
  lots of airborne diseases will infect you anyways , but it still good to wash your hands alot since other bacterial diseases spread through contact . 
  when my sports team were out delivering phone books a few years ago we saw a huge truck get stuck to another huge truck and the first one dragged the other one down the street . 
  one guy thought this was awesome and started screaming to his friend : '' thats power !!!, 
  thats motherfucking power !!!, 
  come on ... 
  it was hilarious !, 
  me too . 
  went on a 8 hour testing spree . 
  ended up with choosing the ebs, 
  r.i.p frida, 
  almost all of these seem pretty boring and tedious . 
  they seem to get old pretty quickly . 
  wow that sounds like a complicated process . 
  you should become a certified byrocrat just by understanding this . 
  whatever you can muster up ... 
  i promise you they 've seen worse . 
  they 've always seen worse . 
  know that game bro . 
  keep being social in some way though . 
  otherwise you will never stumble upon that awesome friend who is also looking for you . 
  the questions is ... will it be worth it for me to rise from my chair , walk out to the dorm kitchen and get a metal spoon just so i can drink my coffee sooner ? 
  i need numbers !, 
  not anymore after finding reddit ... 
  i often wish i could just redo everything . 
  does anyone know why he did this ? 
  would be super ineffecient to add sugar to my coffee since i then would have to make another cup of coffee since i do n't use sugar :d, 
  trying to kiss someone shorter than me ( basically everybody ) is always a trainwreck the first couple of times . 
  you 're good !, 
  you always keep some slack !, 
  i always keep google translate open !, 
  and never ever ever , claim that someone meant something with their statement !, 
  how different things can be . 
  i avoid people like the plauge when it 's my birthday !, 
  but that 's great for you !, 
  it 's almost more awesome when you click with a stranger over something that your friends does n't get at all . 
  right you are !, 
  imagine not being happy with the person you 've become . 
  there you have your answers . 
  * potential future friends, 
  i reign supreme on the mountain, 
  people in their early 20s does n't always act like adults do they ? 
  even of they are adults . 
  living on the egde !, 
  * sips coffee *, 
  is that the hat thing ? 
  my bet is that you subscribe to all three . . 
  ca n't a man spend quality time with his daughter by taking her to a museum ? 
  a science fair ? 
  a sports event ? 
  camping ? 
  my whole point was that one should stop perceiving interests as `` girly '' . 
  especially when it comes to kids . 
  if boy children are presented with them they will start enjoying them as much as girl children . 
  when does toys swith gender ? 
  right here baby . 
  listening to melancholy hill as we speak . 
  that 's one nicely coloured tomato !, 
  can someone please explain the whole speaking in tounges thing . 
  do people who do it fake or do they actually think that it is real ? 
  i mean , are they faking on purpose to be a part of the community ? 
  och kommer det en love edition ? 
  it feels like the john hughes movies were made for a more mature audience than the american pie franchise . 
  when i see this poster i just feel `` ugh ... why ? 
  thank you !, 
  wow , i remembered this segment as very cool from when i were a kid . 
  now it was kinda lame . 
  feels like i 'm in the zone here !, 
  keep the pm 's coming ladies !, 
  i think you should drink some iodine . 
  that what we use in my lab to kill bacteria . 
  since you know ... it 's super effective . 
  i 've never said it to anyone in my family . 
  do n't really think about it . 
  we just do n't say it . 
  never have . 
  are you sure those are stars outside of america ? 
  because i 've never heard of them . 
  what did you lose ? 
  you could view as if you gained sexuality ... or something . 
  because to be honest , you did n't lose anything . 
  just go the webofknowledge database ( former webofscience ) and add your topics in . 
  you will find lots of atricles on the subject . 
  you should have access to it through your school . 
  i was a bit intriuged by the title ... 
  but rarely have i read somthing so poorly written !, 
  it gives your more control and also , imho , makes you more aware of what you are doing . 
  i 've seen some people at ebc play it . 
  check out `` b\u00e4r '' ( biologiska \u00e4mnesr\u00e5det ) on facebook and ask around . 
  you know that it is obvious you do n't know what you are talking about if you do this ? 
  it might work on children but not in an actual discussion between adults, 
  why are you asking ? 
  a teacher once told me that there is quite a debate whether it 's actually jamerson who plays on this . 
  you have clearly misunderstood the use of the word natural .
