  she completley lost it and bascially started going through the steps of grief . 
  i told her after a week that i was bulshitting and asked her how it felt to be lied to ... a good week . 
  wanting to quit . 
  antibiotic resistance . 
  i guess it 's generally considered to be semi-big . 
  but i do n't think the general public understand how large of a deal this actually is . 
  it 's a bitch . 
  just like she is . 
  who dislikes that ? 
  so if everybody likes it ( even of they do n't admit it ) ... 
  it 's still not something that everybody hate . 
  i 'm drunk and confused . 
  i like mmbop . 
  but they like it ... so they do n't hate it . 
  are n't the claws a bit long on that beagle . 
  i sort of miss the old days when i lost control . 
  anything could happen . 
  some of the best memories of my life comes from those crazy nights . 
  chicken schawarma from dr. falafel in uppsala !, 
  but it is ... 
  sweddit-klass . 
  if it gets this bad it may not be just a normal rash but a mild fungi infection of some sort . 
  some over the counter anti-fungal cream might to the trick if nothing else works . 
  it takes ~ 1 hour once your get into the air . 
  travel time to and from airports can make your trip 3-4 h. i had a girlfriend living in ume\u00e5 while i was living in uppsala . 
  i made that trip several times . 
  2.5 h was a rare occurence . 
  you are excluding the waiting time i see ... and sure if you exclude it you might be right , bit it is farther from the actual door to door traveling time . 
  and she lived a bit farther away than the hospital and the train is way more expensive the ul buses . 
  when it becomes more safe : turkey . 
  just fell in love with that city the first time i went there and have revisited a few times . 
  never going back again : thailand . 
  this place is a large tourist trap . 
  the indigenous people are very nice , the tourists are assholes . 
  baby sips !, 
  you are not thirsty , you just have a dry mouth . 
  stand to the right in an escalator !, 
  everybody in the picture looks thrilled about her presence . 
   it 's good for you, 
  yeah ... while you are smoking something and probably eating junk food . 
  i think we can put the health issues aside . 
  what i mean is that unexpreinced smokers can gulp down lots and lots of water and then feel a bit sick . 
  that 's power !, 
  do you really get cotton mouth from debris being stuck in your mouth ? 
  is n't in because the saliva production stops ? 
  ok , i just got curious because i do n't get dry mouth when i smoke filterless cigarettes . 
  or cigars . 
  or pipes . 
  making campfires everywhere . 
  my friends immediate reaction was : `` i wan na sleep with that guitar '' . 
  haha , neither actually . 
  maybe i should keep the guitar away from him ... 
  livsprojekt, 
  i e-moll . 
  good one sir !, 
  i will try that when i change strings !, 
  i do . 
  been handling it like a little baby all day . 
  but damn that baby screams !!, 
  they are basically the same guitar right ? 
  this one is just a double cut away ? 
  the g5420t was on my wish list for a long time . 
  had no idea it bent both ways !, 
  will probably rip it off if i play rockabilly while drunk ... 
  that we are not so different after all . 
  around 11-12 . 
  victoria secret fashion show . 
  perfect example of mitosis . 
  smart women . 
  women who act stupid or are stupid is a huge no no . 
  when a woman is smart and not smug about ... damn !, 
  i was thinking more in terms of : flying , stop time , breathe under water , know how the world ends , is there a higher power etc. 
  i guess i 'll have to try both !, 
  get one if you can and grow with it !, 
  well , everything i guess . 
  it 's not really suitable for metal though , but i do n't play much of that anyway . 
  i 'm using an old peavey bandit . 
  sound great through it though . 
  tested it on a vox and it was also great . 
  it 's very different . 
  the strings are very high up above the mics and the body is larger . 
  but it just takes some getting used to . 
  nah , i 'm more into blues/country/rockabilly . 
  and all rock music basically . 
  maybe should start playing jazz again ... 
  in a store in the town where i live some of the employees do this . 
  like 40 y/o washed up rockers trying to out compete teenagers . 
  it 's pathetic and would be bad for business if they were n't the only one . 
  i think the opening stanza are very similar as well , and the differences after are very minute . 
  yeah i agree that `` rip off '' is a little harsh . 
  nah , i just heard two songs and found the melody in the verse very similar . 
  it sparked an interest in me since both songs makes it their own thing . 
  i do n't like the other song , but the melody still works for both songs i believe . 
  since you did n't agree ( i assume ) the discussion how they used the melody seem kind of pointless . 
  yeah of course , i 'm one of them !, 
  i know that ghost fans , as many other metal fans , are very devoted . 
  that 's why they take things like this very hard ( i just assume here from how you frased your comment ) . 
  i understand what rip off means , i understand it very well . 
  it was just bad frasing by me , not remebering that reddit is full of grammar nazis . 
  i stand by my point with this post , that the melodies in some stanzas are identical ( i just played them on my guitar and they contain the same notes ) .
