  good luck to you . 
  here is the thing : everyone is different . 
  you have to try out what works for you . 
  i ca n't run in the morning , so i run in the evening . 
  i like to eat a light meal ca 2 1/2 h before running but i know people who wants to be completley empty . 
  there was a thread on stretching a few weeks back . 
  check it out , everybody almost had their ow routine , from stretching rigorously to not stretching at all . 
  just get out there and find what works for you . 
  good luck to you !, 
  where is the pain located ? 
  right/left side ? 
  over/under ? 
  does it taste of any coconut ? 
  oh , that 's to bad . 
  i like coconut . 
  chickpea stew with rice . 
  enjoy !, 
  i never use sugar , and i really mean never ... 
  so if i want to check it out i can probably find it somewhere where i live . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  everything about it can be measured in `` shitloads '' . 
  how does this at all qualify as best of ? 
  a guy comes up with a somewhat plausible hypothesis that gets no resolvement . 
  so ... does size matter ? 
  are you sure ? 
  i always do metric . 
  even in my more colorful descriptions . 
  i 've been in your situation , you are just trying to find excuses to smoke . 
  just hang in there . 
  you will be able to concentrate in no time . 
  i would try to run slowly for long periods of time to build up your stamina and get your body use to running , especially if you want to prevent injury in the long run . 
  maybe once a week you could do some springing after a warm up to build som muscle . 
  it seems like you are using the word newbie as degrading , i would not do that since you have start at your own level . 
  i was running like hell in my teens , now i ca n't run a 10k anymore , am i a newbie ? 
  nvm ... also , quit smoking . 
  best of luck to you . 
  you would have to be a brave man to propose such things as molecules and atoms . 
  i want to think `` oh this is a good thing '' , but then i think about the industry and the conditions that made the cattle eat the metal in the first place . 
  shame on you meat industry !, 
  i think you can still tell a difference even if milk is added . 
  only the differences become slighter and thus the discussion about the aroma , taste bitterness becomes more general and , imo , not as fun . 
  i always recommend friends and family to get medium to high hiking boots . 
  these are much more verstile and gives a much better support to the ankle than shoes do . 
  on the negative they can be quite heavy but i think thats it is work he extra load to be safe . 
  the stains comes mostly from tar and ash . 
  if you can find an organic solvent to deal with the tar without damaging the wall that could to the trick for sure !, 
  where i come from there is something called `` painters wash '' ( bad translation ) which is awesome !, 
  k\u00e4nner att vi helt enkelt f\u00e5r `` agree to disagree '' . 
  this is so thoughprovoking i almost threw my computer out the window . 
  look for the `` red lion inn '' on jermyn street . 
  do n't know how good they are on draft beer , but one hell of a fine pub . 
  i always make time for it when in london . 
  i think if you are gon na buy only one pair , you should buy the most verstile and i think medium/high boots are the most versitile . 
  first floor ( luckily ) . 
  go to a barber who cuts beard and have him sort it out for you if you want to keep the beard . 
  you do n't know if you should deem them bad before you read them . 
  right ? 
  also what is bad ? 
  although the story was poorly written you might have got some enjoyment out of it . 
  how about towels and toilet paper ? 
  buy it in bulk , fill up the cabinet . 
  or keeps some linens in there with the towels . 
  i 'm starting to believe i should n't believe anything i read about the flu ... 
  relaxing can cause your blood vessels to dilate . 
  this causing the sensation of heat but you do n't really generate more heat . 
  you just feel it as it spreads through your body . 
  relaxing in this sense means that is does n't rate your heartbeat or activate your cells and muscles in the same way as activity do . 
  no because you are still active in whole other way , your mind is actually racing to process information . 
  i guess the best thing you could do in the long run is just to embrace it . 
  sadly this is the case for most men balding , you simply ca n't do anything about it . 
  i would say most balding en look better with their heads shaved or their hair kept really short . 
  nice article , inspiring to read something positive for once . 
  i did think the irony about my personalized ads from google chrome on the sidebar was pretty funny while reading this though . 
  it 's a safe enviroment . 
  you can compare it to like burrow . 
  they feel safe because the space sorrounding them is limited and they can control it . 
  or they are just weird , snuggly and awesome . 
  if you ever grow a beard and find little things in them ... you will understand . 
  imagine those little pieces of food , toothpaste and lint being spiders , tics or a fist ( beard will make the impact less damaging since the fist wo n't grip to the face but slide off ) . 
  so one can say nowadays it 's a evolutionary relic from a time where it actually served a purpose . 
  just try and keep busy , especially with your hands . 
  when the urge to smoke come creepinghave something close by that can distract you . 
  may it be gum , tic-tacs , game boy or a stress ball . 
  the cravings only last for a couple of minutes . 
  occupy your mind during those minutes and you will be succesful !, 
  best of luck to you !, 
  this is the weird part . 
  accidents do happen , do n't beat yourself up about it . 
  i know the feeling , i feel like this even when i throw away old running shoes . 
  but as people are saying , it 's not the material that made the books that 's magical and you have to move on , stuff in your life will continue to break , but they are just stuff . 
  if you get this upset about this you might have an underlying problem that you need to talk to someone about ? 
   starbucks is not a coffeeshop . 
  this made my day !, 
  this was really an eye opener , but really ... 
  this whole nutrition thing is starting to get ridiculous . 
  everything we eat seems the be dangerous in some way . 
  i think it 's time to just start living and try to eat a varied diet , to just stop worrying . 
  kan skriva under p\u00e5 det. 
  this works even if you floss after . 
  source : i floss .
