  i could go for a stroll . 
  it would give me a chance to use my ridiculously expensive rain gear ... 
  yeah i know , but i 've watched so much tv this weekend . 
  i could watch some classics though . 
  my mom just phoned me !, 
  that killed 10 minutes . 
  how do you make a slip and slide ? 
  haha , what else works ? 
  there is a construction site right outside . 
  i might do it !, 
  yeah a few . 
  hav n't really gotten into it . 
  suggestions ? 
  you bring the chips !, 
  sound like everyday !, 
  not in a bad way though . 
  reply non : story of reddit . 
  you just got yourself a date !, 
  only if they avoid bungy jumping . 
  i had a music teacher who also had a phd in music theory . 
  he always said that people who learn the harp are a little bit mentally ill ( it 's a very difficult instrument ) . 
  this is not at all true . 
  why you just did was that you compared two rooms and not two countries . 
  you need more samples . 
  `` mine is a shrinker . 
  it gets smaller but it gets really really hard ! '', 
  how can we take a photo of big foot if no photos are allowed around the nasa violin ? 
  at some piercing studios you can get it after having your tounge or lip pierced as well . 
  even if the soil had become sterile after using a monsanto poison it would n't had stayed sterile for long . 
  merly hours after the poison was degraded ( if it was ) bacterial spores will sporulate and bacteria would migrate from other patches . 
  i 've been sitting all week hunting a strain of p. chlororaphis that some labs just could n't give away . 
  it 's been a tough week since i did n't know if i could continue my work . 
  now i found it and can continue . 
  such a relief . 
  so as long as it 's not patented i think one should share . 
  you seem to like hip hop . 
  embrace the semi-oldschool . 
  i like this idea . 
  rather a lush forest than a creepy graveyard . 
  to be picky though , trees take most of ( if not all of it ) its carbon from the air and would not touch the carbon from the body . 
  other nutrients would be beneficial though , especially nitrogen and phosphorous . 
  i 've had one very real dream in my life and it 's was the most exhilarating experience of my life . 
  it was like i was in a wow raid . 
  awesome to say the least !, 
  just chillin and planning a hiking trip . 
  what 's up with you beside the dreams ? 
  i 'm pretty amazed about how hard some people think miroscopes are to use . 
  bacteria excrete waste , but i would n't call that shitting . 
  should n't something like an anus be involved ? 
  so breathing is shitting ? 
  and eating ? 
  your cells do exactly that . 
  i do n't get philosophical about this . 
  there is a definition , i think we should use it . 
  try different things until you find something that you like . 
  or something you hate the least . 
  i wanted to make a joke about '' everything in excess in the us '' . 
  then i remembered that i 'm from sweden , nr 2 on the list of most coffee consumed per year . 
  there are literally hundreds , if not thousands , of ways you can exercise . 
  many can be done in your average gym . 
  lifting is one . 
  i always view boston as a 70s band . 
  yes they do . 
  haha what ? 
  why a snake ? 
  yes you are allowed . 
  in some places you have to buy a permit . 
  i do n't fish so i do n't really know . 
  but generally you are allowed when hiking in the swedish mountains . 
  we were so glad to have him !, 
  pmm stands for `` pseudomonas minimal medium '' . 
  it 's basically a high nutruient medium that lacks a carbon source so you can add the one you want . 
  i got it from a group who 's now using naphthalene as a carbon source . 
  i added glucose when making my ctab plates . 
  actually the plates turn green directly after sterilization , when i add the extra nutrients . 
  it is suppose to turn blue but on the two latest batches it has turned green . 
  i 'm posting a picture in the original post for comparison . 
  good idea !, 
  i 'm on it !, 
  if you are bummed out or just need some one to cheer you up after your break up just send a pm . 
  i could use some cheering up after a bad day in the lab . 
  is there a reason why it should be ? 
  so 3 posts about smashing pumpkins whitin 20 minutes ... 
  suppose to , no . 
  can you , yes . 
  i usually use the pinky toghether with the ring finger when playing notes on some intervall, 
  i ca n't go on voice or video because i 'm in the lab . 
  talk anyways ? 
  there is a scale test for determining if you are a psycopath . 
  check it out . 
  if you do n't already have the diagnose of course . 
  they you should have access to proper help . 
  cool , i 'm sending you a message . 
  i would n't . 
  no , but i 'm not at all interested in seeing it . 
  if i apply that to what you wrote the only adivce i can give is that you sit this one out . 
  sound like there is something beneath the surface . 
  i 'm in a similar position . 
  bought my last bike at bibblans ... never again . 
  where can i find the article ?
