  i guess we all karma whore in our own way . 
  i 'm a student . 
  sitting alot comes with the gig . 
  but otherwise it 's a great idea . 
  is the reaction this sudden ? 
  or is the footage sped up ? 
  what catalyses the sudden formation of crystals ? 
  save money by going to the guiness brewery for a drink . 
  they give you one free guiness , but since people does n't like guiness or does n't wa n't to drink in the the morning or the early afternoon you can reek up quite a few of these tickets . 
  cheers !, 
  islam actually flourished during what we in western civilasation called the dark ages . 
  where ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever been so drawn in by a documentary !, 
  because it 's hard and takes alot of practice ( for most of us ) to accomplish a feat like that . 
  if you think about it you 'll probably realize that on your own . 
  a five year old probably would . 
  it 's called `` eli5 '' . 
  if a five year old asked me this question i would ask them what they thought ... 
  they would come up with an answer and we could reason about it . 
  this thread is filled with people who could think for a few minutes or just google , this seems to be one of those cases . 
  makes you kind of tired . 
  yes . 
  but ... why ? 
  was this on the side effect list ? 
  it would be fun to know why this happened . 
  this was stupid . 
  i 've read on multiple places that the nicotine leaves your within three days ... that the psychological addiction is far worse . 
  ofc you should do what you feel is best to handle the situation properly , i do n't know the situation or you so i ca n't tell you how you should handle it . 
  but for me , keeping occupied with whatever usually keeps my mind of smoking . 
  so this is a good way to keep your head occupied from thinking of smoking . 
  the problem is that you have conviction ... 
  we do n't want to ridicule you, 
  we do n't want to torture you, 
  we do n't want to kill you, 
  we just want you to accept that your religion is something that you should keep to yourself . 
  under perfect conditions , hand sanitizer is effective . 
  but your hands are n't perfect conditions . 
  to get some of the germs it is much more effective to scrub them off using som sort of detergent i.e soap . 
  this deal with the germs question . 
  the other thing is that it is just gross to not wash since you 've been down your pants . 
  wash your hands if you can , complement with hand sanitizer . 
  weird because the risk of getting diseases like cancer skyrocket after a certain age . 
  i think i read somewhere that virus therapy is , or at least was , a common practice in the ussr and other eastern countries . 
  that money aspect makes sense here since all the money they had went to propaganda and weapons . 
  yes . 
  i often hear girls saying `` when a guy does that he 's masturbating in a way '' . 
  well , that 's simply not true , just a very restricted urban myth . 
  so if i combine these two ... 
  i should be a genius !, 
  videos like this just feels like beating a dead horse by now . 
  everyone knows that there is a reason for why it is called junk food and almost everyone knows about the massive amout of perservatives in food . 
  good that they remind us i guess ... 
  cooking food from scratch might help with these blackouts . 
  a friend of mine described the same thing and when he started cooking new foods ( vego ) he added another dimension to it and got some mindfulness out of it . 
  best of luck . 
  i have a health crazed ex who is always posting things like `` coffee is poison '' and things like that on her facebook . 
  it would make me so happy if she just took the time to read one article on the subject . 
  one could argue that being smart or intelligent highly increases the chance of you making the smart decisions . 
  how about the right decisions ? 
  maybe just semantics . 
  probably no . 
  there are so many kinds of disease ( genetic disease , infectous disease etc. ), 
  and they operate in such a complicated system . 
  if you erdicate one type of infectious microorganism you can bet on that there will be another one taking it 's place sooner or later . 
  the same goes for genetic disease . 
  dna will continue the make mistakes during replication , and even though you probably could learn to cure many of these diseases you could never get you dna replication to never make mistakes . 
  hey there !, 
  2-3 beers a night seems like quite alot , not in the sense that it makes you an alcoholic , and as you say things like costs and weight related changes start to pile up . 
  from my experience craft beers a usually quite strong ( maybe just because ipas are my drink of choice ) and an alcoholic content of 5,3-6 ,5 % x 3 every night could do some serious damage to your liver over time . 
  as you say a great hobby , but as you so correctly point out one should be aware what might follow this hobby if not done resposibly . 
  cheers !, 
  the logic is so simple , yet the battle is so hard . 
  lpt : do n't lean on the cusion over a public urinal . 
  it 's hard to make a man this exentric seriously . 
  but good riddance if this makes him feel better and if he can make a change . 
  but it is a good way to start your journey into craft beer if you 've been drinking coors light for the last years . 
  think of the newbies !, 
  i woulds steer them away from it yes . 
  but maily because i 'm nt a fan of any porter . 
  does this mean you should n't strive towards the percentage of anti freeze being like ... 0 % ? 
  my point was really regarding all addatives , i think one should strive for less addatives in everything ( no you do n't have to be a hippie to have this opinion ) . 
  until today milk was considered healthy and you could drink til your hearts content , now it looks like that might not be the case ... ( sources are all over the news this fine morning ) . 
  and as you said , i think , one should n't ingest to much of anything , therefor stoppning this drink when it exceeds what is permitted should be a good thing . 
   `` even a world-wide one-child policy like china 's , implemented over the coming century , or catastrophic mortality events like global conflict or a disease pandemic , would still likely result in 5-10 billion people by 2100 . '', 
  so it could curve the population bomb ? 
  5 billion is less than now is n't it ? 
  use your fingers . 
  put the tip of a straight finger on each side on your sideburns at desired length . 
  take a look in the mirror to see that your fingers are at an even level . 
  the carrots make your nightvision better . 
  spread by the british when then invented radar and wanted to keep it a secret from the germans . 
  sweden , blonde . 
  though i am tall and blue eyed . 
  and i love the winter and darkness ... 
  i guess the lack of one does n't matter to make a stereotype . 
  would n't you be as hard to find in plain sight in a city the seeker does n't know ? 
  i would n't hide and go about my business . 
  worked in the or for 4 years . 
  that is n't a problem to me at all ... high five !, 
  might be a boring answer ... but wallet .
