  my head really clearded up during the afternoon if went for a hard run in the morning . 
  you are right , but it 's a simplified explanation . 
  to be picky , neither . 
  creatine phosphate is a molecule that rehydrolyzes adp and converts it back to atp . 
  it takes inorganic po4 from the body and puts it back . 
  do so . 
  make sure you eat enough calcium because calcium is necessary for muscle contraction . 
  why do n't you just stay at home and chill ? 
  i like exercising like running and playing handball . 
  i 'm a mayor sciende geek as well , can spend a day reading articles online . 
  i aslo play bass . 
  i 'm from sweden . 
  there is n't any sun for another 5 months ... 
  go to norway or iceland in the winter . 
  mind blown . 
  actually have some family there who claims that i can come live with them at any time ... 
  but i do n't really like it when it that 's hot . 
  i like the dark and the cold , it makes you know your alive . 
  today was the first day we saw some snow . 
  not enough to stick around tough . 
  the tempreture goes up and down between -2 and 3 c. i ` ts gets dark around 4 pm and stay dark unitl 8 or 9 am . 
  yeah i know . 
  people need the get their priorities straight !, 
  exercising definitly helps with recovery as it gets the blood flowing . 
  but if you do it to soon or to hard to early you could screw a lot of things up . 
  listen to your doctor and go easy !, 
  come on man ... 
  wait ... 
  so they actually outsource their electron transports chain ? 
  highschool bathrooms ? 
  how about every damn mirror in the entire world !, 
  ahh that 's to bad . 
  you have to plan ahead !, 
  `` do you play basketball ? '', 
  i know what you mean . 
  i 'm in the same seat . 
  remember it 's just a couple of days ... you 'll get through it . 
  it 's saturday 11:25 am . 
  getting ready to go over to a friends house to write a lab report . 
  later i 'm going out to dinner with family since it 's my brothers birthday . 
  tomorrow , more lab reports . 
  i worked in a place where the rule was '' if it 's your birthday , you bring the cake '' . 
  was such an easy solution ... 
  deadlines are deadlines you know . 
  things are always rushed just before christmas break . 
  biology , currently studying the effects of certain hormones on plats in my plant physiology course . 
  undergrad in molecular biology , i miss my bacteria ... 
  i 've learned that punky means different things in europe and the us . 
  i could try and cultivate the gene for the ability of telling jokes for you if you want to ... 
  not the punk girl i 'm used to . 
  nvm , was just curious !, 
  i like plants more than humans i have to say . 
  the animal phys . 
  was dreadful and involved alot of human phys , not my thing !, 
  i did small course in microbiology/infectious biology . 
  planning on doing some more !, 
  donate money in their name . 
  better than buying shit they do n't need . 
  if they are unhappy they ca n't say say anything because then they come across as total assholes . 
  i need to see a pick of this wench to know if it ' worth it . 
  -2 actually is a pretty dreadful temp . 
  naturally this depends on where you live but i live in stockholm sweden and can tell you that this is a fact . 
  when it 's only slightly below 0 the air still holds alot of moisture . 
  this water creeps under your north face expedition down parkas man makes your bones turn to popcicles ... around -10 is better since the air gets dryer . 
  i feel you man !, 
  as long as you are not spiraling into a real obsession were you have to buy clothes i say cudos . 
  some people buy video games others buy beer . 
  you buy clothes . 
  keep looking sharp !, 
  we had below freezing and fog the other day . . was so weird !, 
  and wet , and cold . 
  last time i checked ice was water . 
  i stand corrected but stick by my previous comment . 
  i buy none of those since i 'm a broke ass student !, 
  start exercising . 
  that can keep you motivated . 
  as you see your results improving exponentially when you are not smoking this can give you an extra push in your motivation . 
  it did for me . 
  `` i do n't want to smoke cause that will screw up my results ! '' . 
  good luck to you !, 
  hey man , it does n't have to be all bad . 
  i found my dream school at 23 ( swedish university of agriculture , slu . 
  was going to do their biology and biotechnology programme ) , started working on my grades and basically did all of high school in 6 months , applied and just waited . 
  my backup was the biology/molecular biology programme at uppsala university . 
  i had no intention of going there because my first should be easy to get into . 
  the months went by and i did n't hear back from slu . 
  but i heard back from uppsala university so i took a closer look at that programme . 
  turned out that this seemed to be alot better . 
  when i finally heard back from slu i had no interest in them anymore . 
  i 'm 3 semesters in now at uppsala uni and i have no regrets . 
  just by coincidence i found something that turned out to be alot better then my original dream . 
  keep your head up !, 
  things will work out !, 
  you ` muricans ai n't seen nothing !, 
  if ever in sweden , stop by a gas station and pick up the [ king ] ( http://www.resume.se/global/resume/nyheter/2009/03/06/gott-blandat-i-ny-kostym/mal_gottblandat_original-althen.jpg ) of the road trip snacks !, 
  two kinds of licorice !, 
  sweet and salty !, 
  how do you mean real licorice ? 
  that you 've only had it in like shots or gum ? 
  i had twizzlers for the first time about a month ago ... was the most disappointing candy ever ... absolutly no taste and the little taste there were was very synthetic .
