  after a while there 's no other choice than to buy a new matress . 
  hav n't lived in stockholm for a few years now , but i remember that anchor being one of the better rock/metal pubs . 
  they 're all pretty sleazy which is half the point . 
  i remember them playing pretty varied rock/metal , not only the crowd pleasers . 
  regarding the karaoke , i 've been to it once . 
  i was like karaoke in any other place , people sitting on a chair on stage singing while mostly looking at a screen . 
  because of your style i would recommend some sort of dist pedal . 
  i do n't use them at all but in your genre it could add a fun dimension to your sound . 
  other things that could help you out but would n't alter your sound that much is compression . 
  play around before you buy something . 
  i 'm a huge motorhead fan and i 've always hated that song, 
  `` this just in !, 
  everything casuses cancer ! '', 
  it 's like when swedes go abroad for a longer period and starts missing the good ol' [ tunnbr\u00f6drulle ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/tunnbr%c3%b6dsrulle ) . 
  i actually like the rock quite alot . 
  of course it 's a bit corny but i do n't have any problems with it . 
  working seems easier . 
  go out and ask around . 
  wright down some information about yourself so you can leave your information , with maybe a photo , where you go . 
  at what point does it become more dangerous to be up there because of this ? 
  and at what point do we reach the wall-e scenario ? 
  it 's a very classic food for when you are stumbling home drunk , at least for me and my friends . 
  it must seems super weird to people who have never experienced it before . 
  just add cumin and chili to everything you eat . 
  problem solved !, 
  religion clouds the minds even of the most brilliant . 
  if this takes off on a large scale it will be huge . 
  hydrogen is one of the most potent fuels there is . 
  and super clean . 
  dracula untold . 
  i wish it stayed untold . 
  this was among the weirdest thing i 've ever read ... 
  so the guy just waited 6 years on purpose to like forget everything he knew ? 
  i did n't play for like 4 years but that was because i did n't feel like it , i did n't make an active decision not to . 
  seems like a giant waste of time and happiness . 
  i hav n't really put as much analytical brain power in to it as you did , but thinking about it now i see what you mean . 
  i though the whole cave sequence was good and the original vampire/demon/whatev looked ok ( at least from what i remember ... ) . 
  but then it just went to shits . 
  it is supposed to have mystique and ambience ... not computer made bat hands . 
  this made me think about the old swedish commercial where a guy in a trenchcoat needs a guinea pig asap !, 
  hehehe good times . 
  no but not doing anything seems counter productive in this case . 
  and there are lots of musicians who does n't have proper technique . 
  if that 's something you are striving for in your playing you should practice , not just quit for 6 years . 
  are you seriously suggesting that giving up playing for 6 years is a better way of becoming a better guitar player than just plain practice with correct technique and maybe a someone to help you ? 
  i understand you reasoning but i just do n't agree with it . 
  if one know that their technique is bad and they want to improve they practice until they learn to do it the right way . 
  it was n't the right thing for you , it was kind of stupid . 
  but i do n't care anymore . 
  do n't make this suggestion to anyone ever . 
  in swedish . 
  but you get it . 
  can they just put up the digital download dammit !, 
  i wan na watch some epic schlock with rich evans . 
  as long as i 'm allowed to touch them i do n't really care ... what does that make me ? 
  should n't that mean liking almost none existing breats ? 
  accordning to the logic of the study i mean ... 
  so i 'm broke i like all . 
  if someone gives me a penny , which makes me very poor and in this logic separated from broke ... does that mean i like gigantic breasts ? 
  i mean like the biggest their is . 
  since when do gay men enjoy female breasts ? 
  the last one actually is `` you 're welcome '' . 
  but everything else checks out !, 
  and if i 'm an ass-guy ? 
  haha . 
  that could be a himym bit . 
  barney gets angry because he touch a slightly to large or to small breast . 
  is that the new word for males who sleep around ? 
  gut\u00e5r !, 
  5th dimension - the byrds . 
  or comfortably numb - pink floyd . 
  they always know ... 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm from sweden and with the current dollar value i pay about 70 dollars for internet and phone . 
  and we have free health care , tuition free education and 18 months payed maternal leave ... did i miss something in you post ? 
  well that 's one way to look at it i guess . 
  at least low income families do n't get bills of 150 000 sek for spending two days in the hospital . 
  but how much is internet and phone in canada ? 
  did i understand correctly that you pay more in a month than i do in a year ? 
  den interaktionen f\u00f6rsvinner med youtube . 
  probably the best use of a church i 've ever seen . 
  this is exactly what i will be doing . 
  reverse genetics in c. elegans . 
  first time for rnai , and first time with eukaryotes . 
  so they are finally here !, 
  performing for you !, 
  using the metric system everyone can do this . 
  everyone is a potential drug dealer !, 
  try it . 
  you 'll like it !, 
  i might be biased because i live in sweden and we only use metric . 
  i cringe eveytime i see a conversion table for measurements used in cooking . 
  `` he bangs that old lady and then they play that song from the 80s '', 
  it 's `` sweet dee has a heart attack '', 
  i really laughed out loud because of this . 
  if this is n't a reference to a certain recent post i 'll be very sad . 
  this !, 
  so the account was deleted huh ? 
  i guess it really was a troll . 
  but almost everyone understood that it was bullshit right away .
