  that 's what you use when you answer the phone or yelling to see if someone is there . 
  yeah you could use like that . 
  like `` hey !, 
  u jelly ? 
  i can be . 
  it 's a more versatile word than hej . 
  why not ? 
  yeah . 
  where do you live ? 
  shut up is `` h\u00e5ll k\u00e4ften '' . 
  h\u00e5ll = grab or hold , k\u00e4ft = sort of the mouth of an animal like a dog . 
  bitch is a bit harder since we do n't really use that in swedish , but `` subba '' would suffice !, 
  it 's really the other way around for me . 
  so much of everything i read is in english and almost every movie . 
  it 's scary how fast you forget words in you own language and replace the with english ones . 
  but some words are definitely being replaced by their english counterparts, 
  for me it is that i read so much in english . 
  both for school and on reddit . 
  what happens if you fail ? 
  you are now `` that guy '' !, 
  i live in a city that is mainly populated by students . 
  in the summer everybody go home and i 'm left alone . 
  the first week is a bitch , but then you fall into something of a. . . `` aaaaah '' . 
  then it 's all good and somewhat terapeutic . 
  dude ... that 's dark . 
  ok , you have to enroll again and take the whole class ? 
  not just take the exam ? 
  nothing electronic . 
  they probably get alot of that stuff anyways . 
  ah ok , same here . 
  we do n't have to redo anything if we have completed all obligatory parts of the course such as lab sessions . 
  we actually do n't have to redo anything , just take the exam the next time there is an oppurtunity which is serveral times a year . 
  but hey , good luck to you !, 
  being alone without being lonley is something all people should learn . 
  especially in the age of smart phones . 
  i like how the guy is so chill about this ... 
  it blew my mind !, 
  yeah , in sweden . 
  we have a different system so sometimes i have a hard time understandning the way other countries do it . 
  so i guess i 'm doing mixture of college and university and majoring in molecular biology . 
  you ? 
  i see . 
  do you have to choose what kind of biologist you want to become so soon ? 
  we have this program called `` biology/molecular biology '' which gives you a base package for the first two years , then you get to choose your own courses and you pretty mych choose your direction . 
  it works pretty well . 
  in that case just keep up the good work and try to nail the damn final !, 
  dude !, 
  go back and talk to her !, 
  this is called `` being swedish '' . 
  let us know how it went !, 
  becuase most links get posted somewhere else and the discussion is much more active there . 
  it 's fun when they play . 
  it 's all the bullshit that makes it unwatchable . 
  you should be part of some companys spin-crew . 
  new running gear . 
  ca n't afford anything like that on my student loan . 
  when exercising became another market for the fashion industry ... 
  nah , just doing the laundry . 
  it 's kinda nice though ... everyone has gone home for christmas so i have the laundry room all to myself . 
  note so self : buy weed . 
  but !, 
  we do n't want all the other to know about our secret society do we ? 
  nah , do n't go there . 
  such a sleazy job . 
  give me your problem and i will provide the advice . 
  make the crowds flood to 9gag . 
  yeah i remember ... the whole internet is turning in to one big inside joke . 
  what ? 
  til i 'm a retard , haha . 
  sometimes it 's hard to know around here . 
  everyone has their own `` magical trick '' to achive their goals . 
  now i 'm getting som coffee . 
  how old are you ? 
  i 'm doing for the obvious one ... do n't pee in the shower . 
  i have flirted accidentally so many times ... might be that she is too . 
  or there is just something wrong with us . 
  flirt back , see what happens ... 
  from across a room ? 
  why ? 
  smile and wave back ... in my days we used notes , get that 's kinda old fashioned now . 
  if you really really have to . 
  sometimes it 's just that easy . 
  [ sunrise ] ( http://imgur.com/qql5qkl ) at 9.30 am + garbage truck for your viewing . 
  why browsing in the bar ? 
  you alone ? 
  sounds pretty sweet . 
  are you on break for the holidays ? 
  see what you mean . 
  are you done soon ? 
  i 'm just finishing my second term out of probably 10 ... not tired yet though . 
  in what ? 
  you 've been in school a long time now . 
  but i assume you live somewhere where a snowy sunrise would be strange then ? 
  here it 's the other way around . 
  we have had the hottest winter ever , it really started snowing yesterday . 
  hey drinking by yourself in a bar can be awesome . 
  i do it when waiting for friends when they are running very late . 
  it 's nice to enjoy your drink and chill for a while . 
  almost everyone on reddit can relate . 
  do n't feel weird .
