we are 550 million people in the eu ... around 25k people died 2014 in car crashes ... well , unless you see around 9x 9/11 sized attacks next year , you should be more worried about your car killing you, 
  its good for people who dont need a welfare state but it sucks hard for the people who do ... seriously the usa seem to be pretty asosocial, 
  well it must be utterly frustrating for the one who allready speak swedish ( but i guess that number is really low ) ... my opinion is that a language test for all immigrants is totally fair - if i were to emmigrate there i should learn the language ( at least if i stay longer than 6 months ) , the same goes of course for refugees . 
  calling htat racism is pretty cheap - teh barrier to entry doesn ` t have to be that high but you should be able to communicate at adequate speeds, 
  would be interesting to se stats on mexican immigrants ... granted they are no refugees ( usually ) ... i dont know - i mean i live with a syrian in an apartment ( amer , really nice guy ) , he is technically no refugee ( came here about 4 months ago ) and is currently taking germqn lessons in order to be able to apply for jobtraining ( he studied medicine in syria before the war started ) , pretty sure he will be a net win for germany but he is not the average so i dont know . 
  yeah thats pretty fucked up , kindergarten is so important but still, 
  ` you should know this is a lie created by the media to justify migration . ` actually no . 
  even in our simple social economics class in my tenth grade we learned that our retirement-fund system is screwed - and that was waaay before is even existed . 
  ... and without even huge guidance of the teacher its pretty obvious that there are two solutions : 1 . change the system : since there are/will be to few young to support the old everybody just supports themselfs , people only get the smallest necessary amount form the goverment if they dont have money everybody else needs to safe for themselfs - see 401k in the usa . 
  / / sidenote : we disregarded that option because it conflicted with our view of a social system - just an opinion of naive 16 year olds but still / / 2 . 
  more young people : germany has the lowest birht rate on earth , either we get it up ( more money for parents for example ) - this would be extremly hard ( i think the average woman nowdays gets less than 1.5 children , thats quite gap from 2.1 ) or immigration ... it comes with lots of problems but hte goal is to stabilize the population ( 500k people per year in the beginning ) , integrate them as good and as fast as we can so that they are a net win for germany ... it might help to actually have a more immigrants than just a stbilizing number because even with the best systems its likely that they will pay less into the rent-fond than average ( more young people paying for the same amoutn of old people ) ... if you population grows slowly its not as hard to get a balance again ( when the growth is based on controlled immigration ) . 
  with all its problems - the usa is the only western country ( i know of ) which has a stable population - and they can thank mexico for that , seriously . 
  there was a report on german tv some days ago ... might be biased ( towards thinking everything in scandinavia is great ) but as far as i remeber they are required to learn swedish ( 40h/week ) for 2 ( or three ? ), 
  years and face punishments if they fall behind ? 
  yeah `` bildungsfern '' is basically `` show me the size of your parents book shelves '' ... 
  i dont think pushing your own narrative is wrong ... but antagonizing the other side is - it leads to shouting matches and ignorance . 
  the hole cold war was just this ideological battle which usually boiled down to `` we are free , we are awesome the enemy is basically the devil '' ... dependent on where you are political discussions can look much the same today - freely elected represantives ( with all their problems ) get either compared to stalin or hitler , ideas get thrown away based on their origin - its a toxic climate which in the end only helps the shouters since shouting is the only option to get heared . 
  you can never be sure ... but the narrative that refugees have it hard ( with teh hungarian goverment ) is pretty convincing then hungary builds basically a wall against them , then the prime minister states that they are a german problem and that to many would endanger our christian culture ... i think that fits well with the narrative - and i somewhat doubt that the hungarian pm gets dubbed on tv ... be sceptical - still no reason to believe in conspiracy theories as long as they involve more refugees coming to us ?!, 
  there are lots of reasons for propaganda against refugees ( and there is lots of it ) but very few for refugees, 
  isn ` t there a huge difference between english speaking al jazeera and arabic speaking ? 
  not that arabic speaking is propaganda but very biased when it comes to topics like foreign politics of the usa & israel . 
  first noticed al jazeera in the news over john olivers last week tonight ... most of the - lets say `` independent '' - news clips seem to be from al jazeera . 
  yes and apparently the bbc fucked up ... and they should correct that - i ` ve seen the same part missing all over german media ( public like ard as private like der spiegel ) - they failed to a small extend ... this guy ( the male refugee ) saw the opportunity and took it . 
  the media used the image in a false context because they didnt knew better ( bad reporting ) or because it fit better their narrative . 
  but i still believe that their narrative is right - this one detail was wrong but that doesnt change the big picture . 
  everybody loves their own narrative , the bbc , you , me ... we all should be aware of that, 
  oh in germany petitions technically could have an impact - but as far as i know they have to be signed in the streets ( 100k people i believe ) and after that some court rules over them ( ? ), 
  or hte goverment has to discuss it ( ? 
  ) ... i know a part of bavaria wanted to become its own state ( like bavaria ) but the regional court in munich stopped it as not legitimiate ( not that surprising ) . 
  its fair to say that petitions have practically no role in german politics - other than to indicate to politcans what people want of course ;(, 
  i dont know if it was somehow botted but by the looks this is a poll on one website only ? 
  which means the population sample is propably not representative of germany as a whole ( as you pointed out ) - as long as their aren ` t other polls popping up from other sources confiming the results of htis poll - i would ignore it . 
  dude my gay brother of my grandfather gets harrased by the older parts of his family - and they aren ` t even very religious . 
  on the other hand - i doubt amer ( teh syrian living who also lives in my apartment ) would have any issue with somebody being gay . 
  well is there a reason not to give them citizenship if they worked hard and integrated themself ? 
  ... on the other hand they currently can ` t start workink in the first 15 months ( or more ? ), 
  in most cases anyway, 
  well compared with other states bavaria doesn ` t have that much refugees ... considering the high population in bavaria and bavaria being very wealthy they have very few refugees ... 
  wouldn ` t compare the csu to the tea party , perhaps back in the strauss days ? 
  but nowdays more like the republicans ... cazy but usually not batshit crazy, 
  okay according to that link the biggest among the 15 biggest customer countries are : israel , united arabian emirates , algeria , iraq , indonesia , brunei , saudi arabia ... i would argue that exporting weapons to any of these countries is an ethical questionable thing to do - in some sort or another . 
  you could argue israel uses these weapons to defend its citizens from terror attacks but you could argue just the same that israel might use them to oppress the palestinian people and take their land - the fact that arguing both is legitimate should question the fact that we export weapons there . 
  they could be used to defend indonesia but historically ( until 16 years ago ) the indonesian military was the backbone of the suharto dictorship until 1998 and had a significant part in the mass murders of 65 and 66 ( which were never in any reflected or trialed ) , if you want to know more look up the invasion of east timor by indonesia . 
  the human rights record of algeria , saudia arabia and the united arabian emirates is deeply troubling - by any standart these countries are ruled by authoritarian regimes which is also the case for brunei which is currently under stronger and stronger influences by islamic extremists , i would argue we should have standarts for countries where we export killing tools to . 
  i have no idea how the fuck we ended up exporting weapons to iraq because our cosntitution doesnt allow export into crisis regions - which by any definition iraq is . 
  ... i have no larger issues exporting weapons to eu members and nato members , beyond that ? 
  and there are sure other countries all over the world which pose no larger ethical dilemmas but i wouldnt put countries like saudi arabia , iraq , algeria and israel into that pool . 
  wait what ? 
  we are the world third largest weapons exporter after the usa and russia ... the refugee crisis might not be caused by our weapons but that doesnt me mean we could pretend that all the tanks we export end up , what ? 
  being hunting equipment for rich saudis ? 
  some additional context ( which doesnt make the statement much better ) : he said that the fence would be necessary if the goverment would start putting the refugees into transit camps ( really bad idea i think ) because its legally not allowede to just put people into these places without reason ( if you allow them to enter they didnt break any rules ) after they entered the country , its ( at least argubly ) alloweded as part of entering the country . 
  so since you cant force them to enter the transit camps if they allready are in the country you have to limit the access , meaning you need a fence because otherwise nobody can legally keep the refugees from entering the country 20 meters to the right or left of the transit camp . 
  am german and i slowly switched to a 80 + % english media consumption ( the things i do n't consume in english are mostly german news & books by german authors or ones where the author did n't write in english ) . 
  i think english with german subs is fucking confusing - its so easy to just read the german so that my attention involuntarily switches from listening & watching what happens on screen to reading the german subtitles . 
  sure , i still notice what 's happening but i would say at least for me its a pretty poor experience . 
  ... one drawback of consuming the majority of stuff in english especially with books is that your size of your vocabulary does n't grow that fast in your native tongue , kinda depressing . 
  will it though ? 
  its a burden on the eu - britain relationship for sure but once it becomes obvious that the uk goverment does n't really want to leave things might relax with the caveat that the uk would have to be a pretty passive member of the eu ... like a eea member just with voting rights . 
  initially it was a huge shock but 2 years until the actual brexit is enough warning time for the economy to continue as usual , chaos would start the day article 50 gets envoked . 
  in the scientific community things might be a little more tense but in the grand scheme of things it should be okay in the shortterm and no issue in the longterm ... and that community will do everything possible to stop an actual brexit from happening - they would potentially loose a significant part of their funding ( on average 23 % or so ? ), 
  and collaboration would become much more difficult . 
  over time things tend to normalize if there is no actual change , even if the situation is extreme ( see north and south korea ) ... and that way ( having a stagnating exit ) the politicians can pretend to follow the referendum while the british public is okay with actually not getting the brexit - and even if 100 % of those 52 % were totally sincere and aware of the consequences ( which i doubt ) , they will be pissed that things are stagnating which might only result in them voting for candidates who claim that they will do things faster but propably fear the consequences themselfs so will actually not actively push the issue once in office ... johnson and ferrage showed that the brexit is great for a campaign but not so nice to handle once in office , i could see the same happening with local candidates in areas where a majority is for brexit ... and once in the westminster the mp might happen to forget what they were elected for and could possibly even blame the higher ups once that want to get re-elected . 
  i do n't think so , pm may and her goverment is already delaying the start of official neggotiations ... andgiven the intensive media coverage of all the bad thinks that will or might happen if the brexit became reality there might not be a strong support for it anymore ... yes people might still feel that britain needs more sovereignty and all that but that feeling can be like disliking capitalism - you might not like it but you know you are stuck with given the lack of better alternatives . 
  you might feel a lot of ways about the eu but i think the threat of scotland having another referendum , visa obligation ( with associated fees ) for all of europe , allies like the usa going on distance when it comes to trade might be enough to make a lot of people uncertain , not because these things have a huge impact on their lifes but because it feels significant ... a visa might seem like a minor thing but once you are aware of it you will notice on your next vacation abroad that with a brexit things will become more complicated , something you took as given ( entering and moving in europe without much of a hustle ) would change . 
  i wonder how the usa got their irish minority ... 
  plausible ... although they could go to far strengthning the willingness of the scots to leave and antagonizing themselfs . 
  i guess the most effective tactic would be bureaucracy keeping momentum from happening and keeping it boring . 
  i would assume great britain is just an expression of pride , on being great ... just like france might call itself la grande nation , the usa are proud on being the land of the free ... just mother russia is a bit of an odd ball , 
  i kinda meant that - when it comes to islands its not really * that * big , relative to ireland it might be but seriously ? 
  comparing it to the bretagne which was at some point under british rule in the 100 year war would also be weird . 
  ah i knew i fucked that up ... although its still somewhat presumptuous to call such an island `` great '', 
  assuming scotland shows that its willing to start another referendum ( which could very well succeed ) as soon as gb starts the formal steps of leaving the eu , might that weaken brexiters because they would more or less directly cause scotlang to leave gb ? 
  or would a significant portion of the brexit camp be okay with scotland ( and north ireland ? ), 
  leaving ? 
  thats payback for all the times sweden invaded other parts of europe , they deserve it . 
  the median gdp ppp should n't be affected by billionaires at all unless more than 50 % of the population are billionaires . 
  and david irving is a historian and still denies the holocaust . 
  titles do n't necessarily mean much on their own . 
  just because you learned , teach or write about something does n't mean you automatically have an appropriate , rational or right viewpoint on it . 
  hm , i have trouble coming up with examples but do n't have many ( older ) spy and war movies their location titlecards accompsnied by typwriter sound ( as if the location is getting written down in the moment ) ? 
  what a bad nickname considering he turned right to circumnavigate the maginot line . 
  you know that gun deaths in the usa are in around the same ballpark as motor vehicle deaths at ~ 30k/year ? 
  i get why many americans love their 2nd amendment , i get the sentiment ( i mean its , guns , i have never had one or fired one but they seem fun when you know your stuff ) but find the fundamental importance lots of people give the 2nd kinda ridiculouse and the idea of an armed population to defend itself nice but not worth the price , at least without extensive programs for suicide prevention etc. 
  i lived with a refugee from syria for ~ 5 months , the chance of me getting killed by some bad car driver was always a couple orders of magnitude higher than getting killed by him or any other refugee , i mean around 50 people die every year ( in germany ) through bees or wasps ... terror is blown way out of proporsion because its flashy like airplane accidents are ( and beyond that its political which makes it even more appealing to news agencies ) . 
  3268 people died due to traffic accidents in france in 2013 and we do n't give nearly as many shits about those deaths as we give about victims of terrorism . 
  if you really care about stopping people from dying horrible deaths then increasing security on the roads is a good way to go , its just * way * less sexy of a topic . 
  if a couple or even a few dozen dead every year mean that tens hundreds of thousands can be granted safe refuge from a war torn country ( where hundreds or thousands of them would die ) then i 'm very willing to pay that prize . 
  edit : a word, 
  terrorism is not an issue in the western world . 
  hm , i assumed that since the statue of liberty was the thing `` welcoming '' regugees and immigrants in general to the usa her torch could be seen of a welcoming lighthouse fire so to speak , which now has been extinguished . 
  far less grim than the spiegel way of putting it for sure . 
   manufacturing ... seriously ? 
  because politics is not about fairness but reality . 
  lets say we knew poland joining the nato would cause ww3 because russia does n't want that for sentimental reasons and * will * start such a war . 
  in that case letting poland join nato would be highly irresponsible even if denying it entry is unfair . 
  our reality is a milder verision of this - russia sees and saw itself threatened by a whole bunch of economical and military treaties between east european states ( which it sees as some form of buffer zone aswell as countries it wants to exert power upon ) and in response to that it annexed crimea and stared a war in east ukraine when yanukovych lost power after choosing an economic ( and political ) deal with russia over one with the eu . 
  was starting that war reasonable ? 
  no , does that matter ? 
  not really because from putin 's perspective it made absolute sense so appealing to him by saying that a war kills people is naive , hell , appealing to his humanity did n't work with bush in 2003 and bush had fewer reasons to start a war . 
  when in 2006 bush moved forward with a missile defense system in poland against `` iranian '' nuclear missiles ( i mean wtf ?!,
