  small subreddit ... yeaaah ... edit : i scared a bot and he left the neighborhood . 
  compared to some other countries in europe , belarus is doing a stable job at not going downhill ( not sure about fast growth ) . 
  but compared to european union countries belarus would be the worst ( economically , on social quality of life too , probably ) . 
  of course there are bentley dealerships in belarus . 
  the rich there can spend money on whatever they want !, 
  sadly class divide is visible there :(, 
  i said you are commenting nazi and antisemitic jokes , not being one . 
  although it is tempting to say that , indeed . 
  you better go mow some yards instead of talking . 
  i should go too . 
  nice to meet you !, 
  out of context , but i checked your comment history , it seems you really like shooting nazi and antisemitic jokes in every thread possible . 
  excluding the metro-girls , obviously !, 
  okay i see it 's pointless to argue . 
  fyi [ neglected buildings of vilnius ] ( http://turizmobaze.lt/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/vilnius.jpg ) [ bad roads of vilnius ] ( https://eismoinfo.lt/sites/eismoinfo.lt/files/www_fyfoto_lt-iv-0038.jpg ) [ neat minsk !, 
  ] ( http://www.minsktravelguide.com/bilder/minsk_minsk.jpg ) [ good cars in belarus !!, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/road_in_belarus.jpg ) the point i 'm making is that you have not only a very unique , biased view of belarussian welfare and quality of life , but you also seem to be one of those polish haters . 
  i 've seen your type before , nothing surprising . 
  off you go now !, 
  i would disagree with that . 
  belarussian gdp is almost stagnating , country suffers from mostly planned economy because of scarce trades with eu . 
  good cars ? 
  people who come to lithuania/poland to shop/work/etc . 
  have good cars because only rich people can afford going here . 
  i too have seen belarussian bentleys , maseratis and range rovers all over vilnius . 
  the oligarchy can afford that stuff and they afford going here . 
  tl ; dr lukashenko is a non-violent version of kim jong-un . 
  the first election was more or less legit , he really * appeared * and showed himself as a righteous and just leader , but right after that he morphed belarus into his little playground . 
  election after election he still wins everything , and i do n't really know whether it 's because he rigs the elections or people are scared of him . 
  anyways , at least from what i can see in lithuania ( groups of belarussians coming here , buying here , almost living here ) , life in belarus is n't the sweetest one . 
  `` president '', 
  username checks out . 
  that 's one of the points , but the biggest point is that we never really look further from our own retarded opinion , we blame people without even knowing why they do it and when we realize that they did a good job we go on like nothing happened . 
  there was once a street with rotten trees from inside . 
  nobody bat an eye , however those trees could 've fallen at any moment and killed anyone , damaged cars and property . 
  after a few months , during a road construction , those trees were cut down and new , healthy , young trees were planted . 
  most people during that time : `` omg fuck this country fuck the politicians they destroy trees !!!, 
  damage the nature ! 11 !!!, 
  ! 1 they were bribed , nasty motherfuckers !, 
  ! 11111 '' 5 years after the new trees were planted : `` wow those trees are beautiful , awesome job guys , wow ! '', 
  i read top comments on the video and assumed that nazis revived . 
  because : 1 . 
  we 're not eastern european . 
  all three baltic states are together instead of estonia can into nordics . 
  and yeah , we hate being called eastern europeans :d, 
  bad decision putting lithuania and latvia in eastern europe . 
  bad , bad . 
  here in lithuania , yes . 
  at least 2,5 months , because first two weeks are exams ( if you have any ) , school camps , cleaning or health & safety lessons . 
  in lithuania it 's pretty much the same : - 1 week in october - 2 weeks in december/january ( christmas ) - 1 week in easter period ( april/may ) - 3 months in summer . 
  and that 's a normal one , elementary schools also have 2 weeks of extra holidays ( they can arrange them how they want ), 
  do you want a potato to ease out your pain ? 
  do n't forget we also have kfc and pizza hut . 
  what do you say about that now , estonia !, 
  how about both for two kilos of potatoes !, 
  if we give you a kilo of potatoes , would you step down your imperialistic ambitions and give ventspils in return ? 
  i 'm not trying to commit suicide and i 'm happy living in lithuania . 
  yup , that chain in india had more than 3mil people gathered there . 
  that 's interesting . 
  how did they beat us ? 
  length ? 
  edit : i just found the human chain you were referring to . 
  i know this whole conversation is quite sarcastic , but they did n't beat the baltic way in length , neither in number of participants ( 482km < 600km ) ; ( 300,000 < 2,000,000 ) . 
  we did it in 1989 . 
  still ca n't beat the baltic record though . 
  i must disagree . 
  i do n't think the reactions of elderly people depend so much on their living conditions . 
  it 's just that they are old , they deserve the respect and not all of them are healthy , some might need a lot of rest , silence that they ca n't get because people are skating around their houses . 
  that 's what skate parks are for . 
  surprisingly i watched the whole video , but still do n't get the point . 
  goddamn northerners ... 
  well that 's disappointing . 
  i guess i should be looking at money more accurately next time . 
  when do they release the design of lithuania euro notes ? 
  you 're in the baltics . 
  whichever country wins at something , it 's a victory for all of us , 
  i do n't think thats extremely uncommon . 
  here , almost every politician tweets , i guess the same is for other countries . 
  building name translations : 1 . 
  cathedral 3 . 
  white bridge 5 . 
  central mall 7 . 
  exhibition pavilion becomes contemporary art center 8 . 
  church of st. anne 11 . 
  green bridge 12 . 
  opera and ballet theatre 13 . 
  town hall square 14 . 
  town hall ( art museum back then ) 15 . 
  left bank of neris river , notice the fountain is gone . 
  not my video , just wanted to share . 
  can someone link to full data ? 
  we should 've incorporated belarus into the new grand duchy before this . 
  meanwhile estonia and lithuania are the most attractive in europe . 
  get on our level , kebaps !, 
  / s anyway , nice job romania, 
  everything is going according to our plan ... 
  bulgaria will crumble first though, 
  a few kebab shops ( only turkish ones , they make the best kebabs in the world ) and i also love going to coffee inn , probably the best coffee and snack shop i 've found . 
  vilnius , lithuania we get a lot poles , germans , russians and belorussians , the latter come here for mega-shopping , spending 400 $ on average . 
  we also get a lot scandinavians ans asians .
