  there are several smaller lowrise hubs forming around the downtown . 
  ( roundabout/saltoni \u0161k\u0117s from the west , \u017dalgirio st from the north , piromontas/rinktin \u0117s st. hotel and office district from the east . 
  i 'm extremely interested in architecture and urban developments so i 'm living in a dream-like state right now . 
  oh and we also have marriott , hilton and accor finally coming to lithuania and building hotels in vilnius . 
  [ that 's the europa mall , a fashion-oriented shopping center . 
  ] ( http://www.15min.lt/images/photos/609221/original/1297769692europa1.jpg ) [ the inside is very classy though . 
  ] ( https://21vilnius.files.wordpress.com/2009/01/p00084.jpg ), 
  urban forests in between city districts make the area of vilnius much larger than it would be if it were compact like most european capitals are . 
  well let me tell ya , i 'm really surprised it did . 
  we had mixed shit yesterday evening !, 
  out of all places , i did not expect to find a fellow / r/teslore loremaster here , and definitely not the famous / u/ngasta _ kvata_kvakis !, 
  clear skies in sodankyl\u00e4 , better get my swimwe ... . . 
  why did you bomb the marathon , czechia ? 
  because it 's actually satisfying to live here . 
  sure there are problems , like in every city ever , but it 's great to live here . 
  low pollution , good transport connections , very green , abundance of leisure activities , parks , shops and services . 
  good for businessmen too . 
  tram and subway ideas have already been ditched by the current mayor . 
  he decided to instead spend the money to replace old buses and ease up on the trolley traffic ( which , imo , is romantic but slow ) . 
  well considering vilnius has a lot of urban forests and green zones , it could have influenced the ` environment ' criteria . 
  2016 jan 15 absolute zero, 
  well that was very unexpected , but hey , if i was asked , i 'd say i 'm hella satisfied . 
  ditto , solaris trolleys here in vilnius . 
  they accelerate so smoothly it 's like a train . 
  [ i was just trying to crack a meme !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghhon2hnqmi ), 
  to shreds you say ... 
  exactly . 
  let 's make an imgur album with eastern and central europe 's most beautiful buildings . 
  counter-attack !, 
  i 've heard it countless times on youtube and in other forms of media and only recently , by playing piano tiles on my phone , where the author is also mentioned next to the song name , i found out that it 's ukrainian . 
  very melodic and slightly eerie , love it !, 
  brb blowing my flat too because the house was built by the communists . 
  northern eastern and central now . 
  it 's only saturday , save the rest of the beer for sunday !, 
  i read this article while downloading the newly cracked doom game . 
  sh-shush . 
  * checks comment history * oh . 
  relatable !, 
  the hell man ? 
  you 're doing great , we all are !, 
  sure there 's room for improvement , but look how many are behind us !, 
  good job braliukas , 
  1 week, 
  sounds nice , have n't visited many places in that part of lithuania . 
  never expected it to look that nice . 
  on my list to visit now , 
  which town is it ? 
  this is modernist unfortunately :(, 
  fans of fires !, 
  why did czechia do the boston bombing ? 
  yeah it was amazing !, 
  hey you !, 
  ## * * looks confusingly to his 600 mbps connection *, 
  impressive image , ingenious use . 
  free rides on the london emirates air line . 
  edit : not in the car . 
  equipped with a bunch of safety carabiners , launch yourself on the line , holding the union jack mini flags in both hands . 
  we 'll take grimsby or dagenham then . 
  seconding , daos kagor is great !, 
  really ? 
  never heard terribly loud in kfcs here , children screaming more likely, 
  yeah they closed jasinskio kfc because someone bought the place and they 're building a business center there now . 
  if they do n't reopen after it 's done , i 'm rioting . 
  do n't you dare say anything bad about kfc chicken , you uneducated peasant !, 
  compared to hesburger and mcdonald 's , kfc is a god walking amongst mere mortals . 
  try the qurrito next time you 're there . 
  order it with a bacon wrap if offered , you wo n't say the same lines after eating that . 
  i knew someone would mention hidrolik pres chanil as soon as i read ` finland ' in the title . 
  i 've been capitalizing months for a long time now . 
  i know it 's wrong but 2016 gegu\u017e\u0117s 16 d. looks better than 2016 gegu\u017e\u0117s 16 d. 
  a shameful display , poland !, 
  and lithuania somehow vanished from the chart . 
  thanks , cambridge . 
  at least we have latvia to compare to us :'), 
  i absolutely agree on this mindset , but this ai n't serious enough to warrant a boycott . 
  prices have been always rising , especially in the last 1.5 years after we adopted euro . 
  nobody bat an eye and now suddenly , some bloke saw that his favorite caulliflower is expensive , posted it online and a shitstorm ensued . 
  so do it !, 
  as if it 's going to change anything in the food market whether a bunch of people go or not . 
  a facebook event is not a boycott . 
  it 's all over local social media , but go to any major supermarket and you see them full of people , parking lots almost full just like always . 
  to be honest , people who ` participate ' in this boycott are pretty much the same people who talk trash on news sites , complain about everything and anything any time . 
  too cold . 
  no emus . 
  european overseas territory mate . 
  happy birthday , 
  i 've been to croatia a few years ago . 
  the coastal region looks as developed as any other resort in spain , italy or france . 
  everything is clean , modern and well-maintained . 
  left me with a brilliant impression of croatia . 
  lithuania did not exist before ussr . 
  hesburger nations represent !, 
  very good . 
  just what we need to continue our megalomania . 
  good question !, 
  that 's what lithuanians are asking !, 
  haha !, 
  23 \u00b0 c and sunny , rest of this week 's forecast is pretty much the same , 
  i get really triggered by this comparison because the photo angles do n't really match .
