  yeah , but did he win in the end ? 
  washington square *, 
  of course it is obvious . 
  [ is this the guy ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckgzwk42uzm ) . 
  i loved the rap though . 
  edit : looks like someone already posted it !, 
  well that was an awful game . 
  lithuania screwed up nicely missing all those chances and fernandez ( ? ), 
  with his drama school-dropout tactics . 
   implying estonia 's current flag is n't ugly . 
  ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ northern ^ ^ bros, 
  yu said wee no spik english gud ? 
  i kan hold konversasjin gut . 
  1 * when the tunisia terrorist attack happened , the moderation group ( be it a single mod or the whole team united ) started deleting all submissions about the attack under the explanation `` it 's not in europe . '', 
  this stands solely as an example of the level of ignorance that the moderation team presented back then . 
  not only did the tunisia attacks involve europeans , european businesses and the local ( euro-north african region ) , but it also stands against some the very basic points that are written in the sidebar , like '' * a forum for discussion about europe and its neighbourhood * . '', 
  the neighborhood part really got me into this incident , as that is exactly what was denied and ignored . 
  as far as i remember , the situation was solved in about 10-15 hours and people were again allowed to post news about the event . 
  i do n't know if there was an internal discussion about the incident and if some/any decision was taken , but i hope it was resolved . 
  what i would 've done instead is , in the first place , follow the community rules and guidelines . 
  i strongly believe that moderators are * in no way * `` above '' regular users of the subreddit and they only are called moderators to help resolve issues and prevent the breaking of rules . 
  that does n't give them the ability to ignore rules . 
  community rules point 2.6 says , that '' * content which does not fit with the theme of this subreddit and/or is not relevant here shall be removed ( e.g. 
  domestic us politics or economics in argentina ) * '' tunisia fits with the theme , it is relevant because of the part europe and its citizens played in the event - thus , it is not to be removed . 
  * the second problem that i see with the moderation team is concerning a certain moderator , who is known for bilingual posts . 
  i talked on about the megathread in the main comment , but i 'd like to elaborate a bit : i support and respect people who post comments bilingually . 
  yes , it might appear weird or annoying to some people , but it is to be accepted and supported , because after all , we 're europeans - citizens of a very diverse continent of hundreds of languages and cultures . 
  what i do n't support is the forced `` shoving '' of the language during important tasks . 
  even with out cultural diversity , we 're browsing a mainly-english website and our subreddit 's main language is english . 
  when important announcements and/or megathreads are posted both in the common subreddit language and a language of the poster , it not only confuses viewers with double the amount of information , but is also counter-productive and , especially in the case of the bilingual moderator , might also be bad for the english part of the info - it 's just poorly-worded and/or is mixing both languages - a behaviour i will probably never understand . 
  in other words : bilingualism should stay with personal comments , not subreddit-wide announcements or official submissions . 
  2 there were a total of 8 immigration megathreads , i presume ? 
  that really shows just how trending this topic is as of now . 
  i agree that megathreads are great and the current amount of immigration submissions hides half of the other content on this subreddit . 
  what i find wrong with them is , again , the rapid flow of information . 
  i recently noticed that a new subreddit was made especially for european immigration . 
  why should n't we direct the people there instead ? 
  maybe a live thread ( like such that happen during disasters or rapidly-evolving events ) . 
  furthermore , if i could change the situation , i would definitely ask the community . 
  after all , we are doing this for * them * . 
  we should ask for their opinion on the matter . 
  what option do they like best ? 
  what do they find wrong with the megathread too ? 
  these questions and more would let the moderation team get a very good outside look at their work and fix a lot of problems that might be . 
  edit : i apologize for my formatting , i have no idea how to connect several paragraphs under a single bullet point . 
  * how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  everyday . 
  reddit is where i can discuss , find interesting content , find news and ask/offer opinions and subjects that interest other redditors and me . 
  * how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  everyday . 
  because i 'm a european , i feel a need to follow the events that are happening in my continent and in the neighboring countries , and this subreddit , as far as i 'm aware , is one of the best places for it . 
  * what country are you normally resident in ? 
  lithuania . 
  * do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  i speak german to some extent , but only a little bit ( tourist-level conversations ) . 
  * what interests you about europe ? 
  multiculturalism , incredibly long history and traditions , human rights , landscapes and most importantly , the people that live here  * what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  favourite : the subscriber diversity allows for some very interesting discussions and the mostly friendly and active community that we have here . 
  least favourite : i have to say , i am not entirely happy about the moderation team at this moment . 
  also , the near-spam of threads about a single trending event is really popping up lately . 
  * do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  i have n't been a moderator on reddit and the only subreddit that i 'm currently the moderator of is a small ( ~ 1000 ) subreddit that i created . 
  * why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  besides the fact that i enjoy helping people and solving problems , i also want to help out this subreddit a lot , especially after the current moderation team has a questionable reputation among a majority of / r/europe subscribers . 
  * why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i am patient when it comes to arguments and/or rule-breaking . 
  i 've been a part of this subreddit for at least 2 years ( could be more ) and i understand how this particular community behaves and acts . 
  * do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i have some experience with statistics ( if it counts , i had a youtube channel of over 10,000 subscribers and viewer statistics and data were very important to get the best content out ) . 
  i have little experience with datamining and bots though , apart from the basic information about what that is . 
  * what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  is that the megathread made in bilingual english-french languages ? 
  if so , first and foremost , it was poorly worded . 
  the english part has quite a few bad grammatical errors , something that could be fixed with simple auto-detection by windows . 
  the whole idea of writing in two languages is great technically , but practically it just annoys the readers and creates a mess of an otherwise comprehensible megathread . 
  * what 's one weakness you have ? 
  i get carried away sometimes by a single particular objective . 
  * would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one hundred duck-sized horses . 
  ducks bite , and a horse-sized duck will bite your head off . 
  * what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why opportunities . 
  europe is a land of opportunities , teachers have good job opportunities in europe and a pussy cat can have a lot of walking directions/opportunities in europe . 
  it 's big , ya know . 
  if they do n't blow up the whole mountain first . 
  if all of those boxcars are filled with gold and shinies , it 's more than enough . 
  is there a link to the full video ? 
  i 'd like to ... know the hockey . . results . . ahem . 
  [ all behold the death cap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amanita_phalloides ), 
  dangerous ? 
  animal ? 
  oh please . 
  technically , if there are enough immigrants of a single nation that it accounts for around 0.5-1 % of the nation 's population , they can be called a minority . 
  i have my popcorn ready . 
  hope you brought something to drink . 
  cheers !, 
  i am starting to regret writing the original comment . 
  fast forward 2 hours and this will turn into a flame war .
