which country ? 
  do you recommend to visit ceske budojovice , pilsen or pardubice ? 
  liberec is better reachable from dresden than from prague , cesky krumlov is to far from prague , brno is also to far from prague . 
  physics or chemistry, 
  i hope that le pen and wilders would n't win the elections . 
  i hope for a fewer terrorist attacks . 
  i hope that the borders will still open . 
  the temperture in the scandinavian cities are not so high than else in europe , thus the scandinavian cities have the best summer weather . 
  eindhoven is bad , it 's more an industrial city . 
  utrecht is nice . 
  other nice places in the netherlands are leiden , delft , nijmegen , 's hertogenbosch , groningen and maastricht . 
  do you study in maastricht ? 
  in the summer , i will visit a couple of times germany . 
  i ` am living 15 kilometres from the german border and sometimes i will visit germany by bycicle . 
  at april 2017 we got a direct train service to germany and then it is easier for me to travel germany . 
  once a year a will visit belgium , by car or by public transport . 
  other countries i will visit once in a lifetime . 
  not bruges , that city is to touristic . 
  leiden is a nice city . 
  you forget kosovo, 
  sealand is a joke, 
  france , if the french population will vote for le pen in may 2017 . 
  belarus and ukraine are also member of this united europe . 
  that is very impossible . 
  no one , turkey and russia are to big . 
  armenia , azerbaijan and georgia are n't european countries . 
  these countries can join the putin-erdogan-union . 
  no , the culture is so different and turkey is an islamitic country , europe is christian . 
  yes , because we want more maroccans . 
  and that , we will fix it . 
  celsius , it is logic that 0 degrees celsius is the freezing point and 100 degrees celsius is the boiling point, 
  i will rename the european union in the fourth empire . 
  apartheid, 
  young people from 18 years old are going mainly to `` zuipoorden '' like albufeira , salou , lloret . 
  young people from 20-25 years old are going mainly to cities like prag , krakau and budapest . 
  dutch people drink more when they are on holiday , mainly though the lower prices on alcoholic drinks in foreign countries . 
  many young dutch people go abroad to krakau , prag and budapest , because these cities are cheap and have a good nightlife . 
  many eldery dutch people go abroad to bern and wien . 
  wilders want to isolate the netherlands from europe to close the borders and leave the eu and euro . 
  thats very bad . 
  ritte is n't far-right , wilders is far-right and his popularity is a problem, 
  i do n't think the ukraine-referendum is very important , but the popularity of geert wilders is a serious problem . 
  the popularity of far-right politicians in the netherlands . 
  the high costs on housing, 
  no , dutch girls are n't tall and are n't large . 
  germany, 
  i do n't want that turkey , ukraine , belarus , russia , georgia , armenia or azerbadjan will join the union . 
  for the follow 20 years , no more balkan states , please . 
  switzerland , norway and iceland are desireble that these countries will join the union . 
  i 've no car, 
  it 's unfortunately that sweden is so expensive and if you want to visit sweden , you have to fly . 
  for large girls you can better visit the united kingdom . 
  there are a lot of vatican girls . 
  well , they are high exclusive . 
  dutch girls who studies at a university are very beautiful, 
  wine and mixed drinks , like barcardi, 
  the flemish accent ( belgium ), 
  checkpoint charlie in berlin , because it 's fake and there are to many tourist . 
  berlin , very interesting buildings dare . 
  brussels is also a good idea . 
  prices are low , because though the is-attacks at 22 . 
  march people do n't want to visit brussels . 
  i do n't know the politicians of the smaller unpopular countries , except viktor orban of hungary . 
  it is also in the netherlands forbidden to deny the holocaust, 
  is luxembourg so conservative ? 
  thats a lot of countries , when will you visit finland , ukraine , balkan countries , portugal and slovakia ? 
  i 've visit : - germany - belgium - luxemburg - france ( lille ) - austria ( salzburg ) - denmark - united kingdom - spain ( barcelona ) in the future i want to visit : - switzerland - czech republic - poland - hungary, 
  austria , because austria can fuse with germany . 
  same language , same currency , same culture . 
  make germany great again . 
  i think france , because in france there is more social inequality than in other european countries . 
  france use a majority and district electoral system like the uk and us , other european countries use a system based on proportional representation . 
  france has a superiority complex like the uk and us . 
  andorra - spanish and french monaco - french liechtenstein - german san marino - italian liechtenstein uses swiss franks , the other microstates use euros . 
  bulgaria , i only know that the capital city of bulgaria called sophia, 
  with harmonisation i mean , every country has the same tax system , but every country has his own percentages and in detail every country can make his own tax law . 
  working in foreign countries has to become easier . 
  ice cream is very popular as christmas dessert in the netherlands, 
  to many differences between countries . 
  brussels can not decide about the education system of poland , for example . 
  or the health care system of bulgaria . 
  working together is no problem . 
  harmonisation of various things like taxes and education is also no problem , but no federation please . 
  i think the united kingdom is the most pro-capitalist . 
  here is an image of an unisex bathroom : http://www.janvansundert.nl/uploadimages//badkamers/pi_137937/badkamer-signature-m.jpg in the netherlands , unisex bathrooms are very common, 
  germany , because we want our bicycles back, 
  only for russia , ukraine and belarus you have to carry a passport . 
  you can travel to moldova , serbia , albania without a passport . 
  see here : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_identity_card, 
  for the european union , norway , switzerland and iceland a dutch id-card is valid , you do n't have carry your passport if you want to travel in europe . 
  in the netherlands , chinese and italian food are popular, 
  in general germany is a bit cheaper than the nederlands , but the most things are the same in price . 
  many dutchmen buy beer and petrol in germany , because it 's cheaper . 
  a year ago , we have bought cement in germany , because cement is much cheaper in germany than in the netherlands , but we do n't buy things like cars or computers in germany . 
  no , only by additional insurances, 
  that are scammers, 
  small cars like peaugot 107 , toyota aygo , citro\u00ebn c1 , kia picanto , because the high taxes on cars . 
  united kingdom, 
  the uk uses miles , european countries kilometres . 
  britians drive at the left side , europeans at the right side britians use another type of sockets than europeans europeans are more socialistic than britians europeans living healthier than britians,
