  but both the luftwaffe and the heer have problems with supply and demand , and maintanance . 
  that 's the reason why the blunders like training with broomstick happen . 
  we just ca n't really strain what limited supply we have too much . 
  both are problems that are fixable if we needed to . 
  thankfully we do n't have to , yet . 
  i do n't think he was blaming anyone who wants to take care of people with mental issues . 
  more likely that society as a whole deos n't give a shit what kind of mental disorder you have . 
  you ca n't cope you get cut off . 
  i knew about the cartels before . 
  but every time i read about them i 'm glad we do n't have that problem around here . 
  i swear someone was messing with us ... bob : `` guys we need a word for doubt , one for being a strong person , and one more for the act of thinking . '', 
  kevin : `` just make them all the same , i need something to eat . '', 
  that asian place ? '', 
  kevin : `` sure . 
  works for me . '', 
  yep , sad indeed . 
  but not new around here . 
  in a week or so the mob mentality will have faded just enough to allow discussion . 
  then the terrorists won . 
  smh . 
  tim kretschmer was as german as you can propably get nowadays and he still commited one of the worst killing sprees in recent german history . 
  where is your argument there . 
  im sceptic of mass imigration , too . 
  but you seriously are pulling hairs here . 
  well no , but it 's still not the norm . 
  but are we seriuosly drifting from a nutjob , with no provable links to any terror organization so far , to importing terror ? 
  farage for bundeskasper . 
  not only phones , i make that misstake since 5th grade . 
  so many hs in english spelling . 
  there honestly is n't much she has to be ashamed of . 
  true she made mistakes . 
  some were more , others less severe . 
  but still , human error is nothing to be ashamed of , and i say this as someone not liking our current goverment all that much . 
  in a sence erdogan said screw human rights just a few days ago . 
  i do n't think if turkey has or has n't reinstated the death penalty is of much concern here . 
  plus even if they would n't be publicly executed they would most likely go missing `` russian journalist style '' . 
  your nukes are a few miles off , but a strong entry non the less . 
  worst of all , he forgot about mighty ryukyu . 
  no , it was obvious self defense . 
  being on an island with young left leaning politicians i ca n't really blame him . 
  hope this post does n't need an / s. ... but just in case ... / s, 
  thank fuck it 's `` just '' one of our decennary nutcases . 
  now that we are at war , could you do us a favor and do a dresden 45 on isis ? 
  never said that , and never meant that . 
  what i wanted to say was , that we would need a certain stability in the states that would hold such a referendum . 
  italy and greece for example seem not in any political mood to hold such a referendum . 
  plus you make it sound like 52 % to 48 % is a cut and dry thing - reality check - it is n't . 
  maybe look at how great brexit is going and will be going for the next month before puting words in my mouth . 
  may sound stupid after that whole brexit thingy , but yeah that could work in some cases . 
  the brothers grimm did n't write . 
  they collected stories to print and sell . 
  they edited them , though . 
  pssh ... do n't tell them . 
  turkey is at this point only a democracy on paper . 
  i am willing to bet that , if erdogan would call himself king , khalifa , emperor , or whatever , people would cheer in the streets , while a chunk of the population tries to find a way to abandon the ship . 
  one word : propaganda, 
  alas we are not talking about the eu as a whole here , only greece and how she wants to handle the issue . 
  we have to wait and see what stance the western world will take after the reintroduction of the death penalty . 
  maybe the part of turkey that supports erdogan will arrive in the 21st century in the next 300 years . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  a deserted helicopter-crew has absolutely the same merrit then storing a nuke in your backyard . 
  seriously wtf . 
  the scotsmark obv . 
  if that fails try bitcoin . 
  i was drinking and feel a little tipsy ... is this for real ? 
  holy moly . 
  first france now a coup in turkey . 
  what a way to end a week . 
  hope everyone in turkey is alright . 
  stay save . 
  that 's true if we think about it . 
  it 's not like germany is the best country in terms of free speech . 
  plus i think i sounded harsher then i intendet to . 
  i do n't think france will face much backlash in terms of tourism . 
  it 's way more likely that attendance of public events by non french , maybe even by locals , will go way down . 
  well then , i have to excuse for jumping on the bandwagon , and thank you for enlighting me a little bit . 
  okay , that seems reasonable enough . 
  if he already was watched more closely then the average person he kinda had it comming then . 
  i guess reddits reaction , and mine , are just the usuall fear that the laws in place may be exploited because someone with power feels like someone pissed on his shoes . 
  did he serve his time ? 
  or why is he up and about after killing his wife ? 
  and for that matter , are n't there any checks in prison that would determine him unfit for the public ? 
  aww , comon i did n't mean him personaly or any turkish person for that matter . 
  i just wanted to say that turkey as a state is n't the best for any freedom of expression . 
  at least if you give a damn about what this sub thinks . 
  it 's de facto illegal in most places but seldom prosecuted unless the person is a credible thread . 
  not like i would call any deranged lunatic raving about a credible thread to anyone , but himself . 
  that are exactly my thoughts . 
  why does a monarch , that frankly is n't needed , get special treatment in such cases . 
  i can get called all kind of names and i have experienced slander in form of unflattering photoshop in school . 
  all i was told was to tough it out and grow over that stuff . 
  so fuck the king and all he stands for in that case . 
  fun to see a turk more open minded and reasonable then the dutch commenter below him . 
  fun times in europe indeed . 
  only 15th ... great shame . 
  time for me to commit sudoku . 
  no , we germans do n't `` get '' it . 
  we analyse it for a few seconds and then think to our selfs : `` das ' schon komisch '' , while exhaling heavily through our noses . 
  it 's culturally eastern european . 
  well , a bit more imperialistic then the rest , but european no doubt .
