where ? 
  half of hamburg was open for business yesterday ... and the discounters in the small town i live in did n't really care either . 
  being slightly annoyed by everyone and everything is a german tradition . 
  that 's the plan . 
  i think . 
  i lost the memo stating the specifics . 
  tsk , drunk britain ... 
  i thought you know your place ... 
  there really is n't a sizable party right of the cdu that is n't full of nutcases , so we are stuck with them as the only `` conservative '' choice . 
  but you are right of course , spd and cdu/csu politics are pretty much interchangable this day and age . 
  not really , apart from being a very conservative party . 
  but that does n't necessarily make them a party based in religion , at least nowadays . 
  luxemburg , lichtenstein , switzerland , austria , germany , parts in pretty much any country borderin us , netherlands to a degree , pretty much all the big players in economics in the eu and europe ... if that was n't enough , there is still kongo and some islands somewhere ( pretty much as relevant as the last 5 countries you listed , apart from israel ) . 
  they barely speak german down there , but write it pretty well . 
  jokes aside , being kicked for an accent is just a dick move anywhere . 
  these are the glares of confusion , disgust and pity , only a german can give you . 
  they come from the deepest part of our souls and are kept there only for tourist fucking up german pronunciations , and family members . 
  you should cherish them . 
  to be honest you get drilled to say the `` full name '' of the city you talk about for most of your school life . 
  so simply saying frankfurt am main , or frankfurt an der oder comes natural for most germans . 
  if the news are talking about frankfurt without stating anything specific it 's frankfurt am main 98 % of the time . 
  because frankfurt am main houses all the banks , if that was n't clear . 
  not saying it is n't confusing if you talk to a tourist and they do n't know there are two and are dumpfounded to have booked hotels and restaurants in 2 different cities . 
  and i thought budapest - bucharest can be confusing . 
  no wonder your high schoolers do n't know where shit is , if you got said shit at least 20 times in your own country . 
  : i 'm actually half serious here . 
  why not both ? 
  ok enough memes for today . 
  but seriously , one has to be extremly stupid , bored , ignorant , delusional and rich to be this dense . 
  from what i gathered over the years here in germany we are n't all that much more racist to blacks than we are to turks , iranians , our neighboring countries , or each other . 
  this means we give underhand comments and sometimes ask stupid questions with obvious answers . 
  but all in all it 's harmless banter that nobody should have to take seriously . 
  at least we love to hate each other . 
  time for some makeup anschluss ? 
  not more then you would get in cities like hamburg for example . 
  i knew this would come . 
  of course not . 
  but i do n't see nudist claiming women who do n't put out are infidels , and have to be punished . 
  and before someone comments on that , too . 
  i know it 's a generalization of a broad spectrum of people . 
  but no other group of people is as outspoken in their beliefs and punishes as many people who dare to disagree as harshly , as radical muslims do . 
  go ahead call me a racist for disagreeing with a religion and make a fool of yourself . 
  edit : i do n't disagree with their captitalism given right to rent the place . 
  i strongly disagree with the message they might try to send with that . 
  note the `` might '' here . 
  i do n't claim to know their intentions , same as you do n't . 
  i 'm going to be honest with you . 
  i have a tendency to overreact . 
  but i rather react at all instead of taking the shit without thinking about it . 
  maybe everything is going to be allright , maybe sharia-law will be implemented by tomorrow night . 
  i dont know that and you do n't know it , too . 
  but at least nobody can blame me for not caring . 
  what sounds like a burka ? 
  i was n't talking about burkinis here ... you lost me . 
  modesty in all things is a virtue , and for the most part of human history it always was , no point in arguing about it . 
  but this just sends the wrong message . 
  the human body is nothing to be afraid or ashamed of . 
  i know that seemingly everyone loves to point at stuck up bitches in skimpy clothes outside of sexy-times , but it took a long time for us to even have to think about such a problem and the influence it could have on children , or your own stuck up belief-system . 
  whatever you want to call it . 
  normalising the belief that the femal body , or any body apart from children maybe , has to be covered at all times is a step in the wrong direction . 
  that is the reason people complain . 
  this explains the outrage . 
  i coud n't care less for their way of expressing themselfes , but do n't try to push it on anyone else . 
  and it may not sound this way , but having this big event is pushing it on other people . 
  got it . 
  gon na kill my humor and all the last hope for humanity i have . 
  sorry if i offended you in trying to be light-hearted . 
  you stuck up cunt . 
  btw , if it were the other way round and it would have been about something really inappropriate and someone would have mentioned burkinis , i bet my left ball it would n't be called a strawman . 
  i do n't think they are equal displays of your agenda against a certain populous of our planet . 
  but i believe both show a lack of understanding modern values . 
  all it shows to me is that these people are not part of the establishment and do n't want to be . 
  and i do n't meant that in a punk , or teenage anarchy kind of way . 
  until 3 people drown because a soaked dress can weigth several dozen kilos ... wait i see what you meant . 
  i think i know a few people who have to attend . 
  okay . 
  i 'll book it and say all guest have to wear swastikinis . 
  i booked it , my rules . 
  wait still a strawman is n't it ? 
  well what gives . 
  burkinis are just as wrong . 
  get greenland and build stronger ties with canada . 
  get a lucky pu over them and invade us . 
  germans prefered dm to euro for the exchange period and a long time after that . 
  all while germany was on the forefront of proposing a centralized currency in europe . 
  people just prefer what they have known for most of their lives . 
  it is . 
  if you have a problem someone is sure able to help you . 
  but that does n't matter for society as a whole . 
  in fact people seem to be even more missunderstanding about mental sickness because help is readily available . 
  if you do n't seek help for a problem immediately or a treatment does n't work outright , people you interact with seem to be iritated about it . 
  speaking of personal experience here ; had severe depression as a teen . 
  sounds about right , maybe i 'm just thinking in the wrong direction here . 
  did n't get much sleep last night . 
  did n't hear anyone outside the 80 + people i work with call the heer wehrmacht recently . 
  but yeah , heer is heer and will be heer . 
  oh did n't knew that , or forgot about it . 
  well the rest still holds true . 
  luftwaffe was able to keep it 's name because they had no provable link to any big warcrimes or atrocities , or at least did n't commit more then the allies , unlike the wehrmacht . 
  we have a lot of good stuff at our disposal .
