its thing like this that get me thinking are these just single cases ? 
  or is there more behind it ? 
  the only logical country right ? 
  thank you very much :d, 
  how can i do that ? 
  falir up ? 
  now stop bantering yoou little countries or i 'll have to split you up between us and france, 
  would be great of that spreads, 
  i would imagine nothing really changes . 
  politics are always the same with a different name on it, 
  aka in 2 years where the entire momentum is gone and scotland will stay because of indifference, 
  not gibraltar and northern ireland they already `` pledged allegiance '' and scotland isnt allowed to hold a referendum . 
  may said no, 
  what is germany doing ? 
  and btw germany pays the most, 
  it would be a growing trend neverthelessi think, 
  i am not saying that there was no growth of the single gdp 's just pointed out the obvious if i recall correctly we now have the third year in a row where the gdp of every eu member is growing, 
  good one ^ ^, 
  well increasing gdp with growing member states is pretty obvious :d, 
  this , lucky luke , tim und struppi ( dont know the english name ) , clever und smart , mickey mouse , donald duck and so on loved that part of my childhood, 
  not the same but as close as scotland and england maybe sure there are big differences but a political union would make a lot of sense, 
  i 'll make the short version : germany and austria have a long history together as partners austria was the largest german nation for a long time until bismarck came but its teh same language and both have germanic ancestors . 
  sure northers german people are very different but overall we have enough similiarities . 
  i mean its not without reason that every telephoone line say : including germany , siwtzerland and austria as connection or that an austrian guy became dictator of germany or that hitler anschlussed austria also i cant stand the fact that france has more land area than germany so a unification would be dope oh an i love schnitzel soooo thats a plus, 
  austrians are germans culturally speaking but no they always want to be the special snowflake, 
  poor germany :(, 
  they do the lords work the world would be a wonderful place if we wouldnt have lies, 
  its just water jesus christ what harm does it do ? 
  at least it gives us a reason to stick together as christians even if you dont believe in it a name is sometimes enough, 
  i used to think that as well and it surely is wrong for certain decision like taxes ^ ^ but for example decisions about the parliament ( salary , accountability , ... ) shouldnt be made by the parliament of course it doesnt work then, 
  i hope you can chase those bastards out of your country has democracy become this weak ? 
  if the people dont want something no politicians should be able to do it, 
  they always were at our side we fought killed and damned each other but after all we are christian , western european once more or less roman and civilized nations and after all we killed you to unite our country you waged war upon us to unite it ^ ^, 
  hey polans whats that again ? 
  the eu doesnt benefit you ? 
  well that would be the wrong way around making stupid populists decide what to do after defeating a leading world economy providing stability and calmness into an overnationalistic rise of uneducated political parties, 
  thats why we are so rich :d, 
  no because the brits didnt make that deal even though some brits wanted to, 
  like 1866 ? 
  when austria got its ass handed to them ? 
  btw i am from baden-w\u00fcrrtemberg trust me as a united germany its easier, 
  yes but leaving the market will make exports and imports harder, 
  i dont really get it you defeated nazi germany and in the cold war west germany was on the nato side all along with a sizeable army, 
  ww2 if britain would have made a peace deal with germany after france fell then the soviets would have fallen and the us wouldnt have a base to strike from, 
  of course but if they leave the market some economy will suffer, 
  i wonder who will get hurt more the problem is we all know someone will suffer, 
  goddamit bavaria get your shit together you are german sos top acting like you are something special ever since 1871 you have been a drama queen ;d, 
  we still love you for saving europe back in the day ^ ^ also you have great actors and a lovely pronunciation no matter what politics will say . 
  they cant separate the people :d, 
  if you count `` sphere of influence '' as in `` interfered in local politics '' you could count japan too netherlands , brits and russia messed with japanese shogunate and emperor a few times, 
  like i said : there are remains of it . 
  but they are not a living bond . 
  lets say we are all descendants of apes but we are currently not all family . 
  we have the same traditions in some places but we do not connect them as one big thing there are connections yes but there are no movements to restore so i guess there is not a realy sentiment of belonging together and yes i compared two situations that are different in time by a looooong time but its still true . 
  of course 50 years after rome fell there were strong connections but not anymore oh so it is wrong that italy became one state after germany ( which was already late compared to france , uk , poland and so on ) ? 
  or is it wrong that italy was largely influenced by the mafia and the church ? 
  ( btw the mafia helped the allies land in italy so they could have been that small ) or is it wrong that mussolini took over the country with a fascist agenda and tried to rebuild a roman empire ? 
  yes in the last 200 years it was a mess thats the sentence . 
  if i said always theres a difference but i didnt i should have said : 200 year earlier italy was a mess, 
  the roman empire at its peak . 
  as an italian i feel proud and sad , i could just as easily be the descendant of one of the jackasses who threw it all away sounds pretty pro roman empire to me and i think proud comes from pride a bond is there if the people feel bond together . 
  if i ask a brit if he feels connected to an egyptian by the roman empire i guess its a no my history teacher is italian and he drew a pretty dark picture of italian government with quite some scandal . 
  didnt renzi try to shut down one of your parliaments ? 
  what do you mean by `` your '' ? 
  do you mean my estimate or german 200 years ? 
  i see them . 
  but its a minority and from my point of view a minority with a unhealthy perspective, 
  you guys ? 
  i personally never invaded any country and if i remember the `` bundesrepublik germany '' never has you probably mean germans altogether in the past . 
  yeah about that thats the past you know ? 
  you cant blame me for it, 
  but it seems like he is taking pride in what random people that lived on the same geographical position as he did , conquered which is not really in any way his contribution or in any other way shows italy as something superior not every time to the same extent . 
  the roman empire is so old i dont think you can dig up any valid claims from that time the german third reich was never valid same as the napoleonic conquests or the holy roman empire but the soviet union for example still has supporters i dont think any german still thinks alsace-lorrain is german but i do think some russians see crimea as rightfully theirs i was referring to a cultural bond formed by it . 
  yes old stuff is still there just like there is still stuff from the vikings but not any living connections no country that was in the roman empire still considers itself to be part of it or wants to recreate it and join the others yeah it ceased after ww2 thats 70 out of the 200 years even after uniting rather late it stayed unorganized until it fell to mussolini and sicily for example still has strong independent feelings like catalonia for example well you dont see us taking pride in what we once had yes and thats exactly why it doesnt make italy or italians special or superior, 
  no not false . 
  their remains are language and deriviates of their systems thereis no big roman bond between all countries that were in this empire what i mean is culture links like east and west germany had . 
  they wanted to be back together i dont see spain trying to join italy italy was a mess of states that united relatively late under crime and coruption and were swiftly taken over by a superiority complex with roman heritage and mussolini today its less of a mess but still in some trouble if you look closely i did not say italy is a mess , i said it was germany was the same kind of mess until 1871 where it got better but broke down 1918 to get even worse and until 1949 it was occupied so yes germany was a mess too, 
  sure its just my opinion, 
  a big empire doesnt mean you are a good person how you treat the weakest measures your success look if every nation would mourn about the empires they lost we would have war again also that is so long ago that nothing ( culturally speaking ) of it remains . 
  ruins and stuff yes but you are not behaving like a roman and neither does egypt if we look at the last 200 years italy was a big mess in that entire period also germany lost a lot of territory because it lost the wars every country was bigger at one time, 
  and now make a map : countries poles have invaded on their own and free, 
  in all honesty islam and muslims might be one of the biggest two sided coins we have to date it is true that there are still very strong connections to their religion and their life is much more defined by it so for them it feels like a personal insult on the other hand there are millions and millions of muslims that are as muslim as most christians are christian you cant generalize them but sorting out the extremists is also impossible since they are often not recognised and there are a lot of them, 
  i am extremely indifferent about this magazine i mean if these people have a good time making fun of people with more or less `` mean '' ( lack of a better word ) content and provoke then please do so and yeah criticism is needed . 
  but to my mind a fact based respectful critique is more useful than simpley eye catching provocative insults yes religion in general brings many problems and big parts of it are mostly irrational to an atheist but generalizing people as in `` all christians/muslims/jews / . . are stupid '' is not helpful and unsurprisingly sparks outrage and unfortunately violence but maybe its just not my type of humor , maybe i am simply offended as a christian or maybe i am simply a person avoiding conflicts but after all to me these comics often speak of a real problem but create another one at the same time, 
  granted we are talking about islamic terrorism ... 
  but if you go by terrorism overall you could include a lot of things, 
  i think the topic was islamistic terrorism also i am too young for the raf era, 
  well 2004 okay okay thats a long time for my age, 
  i cant recall any german ones if you refer to the two pathetic attempts with no victims ( i.e an axe attack and a suicide bombing i assume ) then ok, 
  which ? 
  germany was as well until recently what about spain ? 
  and so on every country arrests terrorists frequently you just dont hear it, 
  i dont think one successfull anti terror mission ( found him by chance btw ) proves anything, 
  i support this :d, 
  we really should unite europe now, 
  the phrae refers to people trying to make themselves feel like someone special we humans always want to be unique and not just one of billions i used it because to me these independece movements seem like people wanting to be special and not being able to live in a larger community with different opinion for the benefit of all sure austria is not germany but they are so close a union could work, 
  last time a artist failed 6 million jews died but yesterday another artist failed and nothing happened strange isnt it ? 
  well thats just tryin to be a special snowflake catalonia is part of spain no matter how much they whine and austria is a form of german language/culture and united nation would only bring benefits, 
  why ? 
  other way round ;d,
