on a turnout of 91.94 % , an overwhelming 99.8 % voted to remain a british territory , with only three votes against falkland islands . 
  british . 
  ( there is no comparison with northern ireland which is also ~ ~ british ~ ~ ukish unless they vote otherwise . ), 
  / u/citee _ londinius  probably the stupidest decision the uk government ever made was giving away the southern irish province to a bunch of yobbos ; a good chunk of our rightful british isles territory . 
  watch him delete this if it gets downvoted in 3 . .2 . . 
   britian pick up the tab to fill the # 11 billion hole in the norths finances what i find bizarre is that britain 's net cost of eu membership is # 8.5 b yet their media complain about the eu and not ni . 
  i agree with you - i 'm glad ni is not funded by us since our taxes have to pay for the bankers ' bailout ... 
  watch this contemptible little wretch delete this just as he has deleted dozens of downvoted anti-irish screeds . 
  / u/citee _ londinius : i deleted that because r/ireland started vote brigading and sending me nasty pms ; a tactic they often employ to silence critics . 
  i still stand by what i said . 
  the southern irish province is a virtually failed state propped up by a $ 100bn bailout from the uk/eu taxpayers . 
  care to tell us how your pseudo statelet would exist otherwise , or are you just going to accuse everyone you do n't agree with of being a `` troll !, 
  edit : how surprising , the coward has deleted them again ... 
  much sooner than 2100 , m8 . 
  after brexit , 51 % of the uk will have irish passports and we will anschluss you lot . 
  it will be known as the irish isles : saying ` feck it ' and ` it 'll be grand ' will be compulsory for all new citizens . 
  away with your logic and facts . 
  we 've got pitchforks here and want to use them !, 
  do n't make us use our weapons of mock destruction ... 
  whoosh , my salty friend !, 
  at least . 
  plus hazard tax for transiting goods across ~ ~ rebel ~ ~ ex-eu territory . 
  it might be true - though this is disputed . 
  i do n't see what may happened 100s of years ago prevents us from planting more trees . 
  but it is easier to blame you guys than actually getting up of our arses and doing it . 
  yes , they keep swimming over at night to cut them down , do n't they ? 
  get over your victimhood . 
  not at $ 0 a month . 
  or even close to it . 
  c'mon , i like the brits but that guy is a well-known troll and posts shit and later covers his tracks by deleting his comments . 
  he sounds like a ni flegger and if there is anything that the irish and british agree on is that those crazies should be cut loose . 
  maybe mexico will build a wall around east belfast ... 
  good guy denmark . 
  ignore this cretin - it wo n't . 
  he is a known troll that continually does this . 
  it is pointless to reason with him but if you ( from cornwall ? ), 
  find him believable here is the rejoinder : 1 . 
  ancient history now , but british colonization set ireland backwards not forwards . 
  in 1922 , ireland was one of the poorest countries in all europe . 
  the ecb/imf loan was $ 67 not $ 100 billion to pay off the banks . 
  when ireland wanted to burn the bondholders , ecb told us to suck it which makes taxpayers bitter . 
  anyway , it is being paid back with interest . 
  ireland has 2x population of wales . 
  and neither are ` insignificant ' countries which is an ironic thing for a flegger ( ` mainland britain ' and ` southern ireland ' indeed ) to say . 
  education ? 
  pisa , oecd has ireland ahead of its neighbours . 
  tax-haven ? 
  double-irish closed 12/2014 . 
  headline and effective rate are almost identical compared to others . 
  mncs avoid taxes if they can , but frankly the uk does not have the high moral ground here . 
  none of his comments or submissions have been cross-posted . 
  he simply deletes them if they get downvoted . 
  two / r/uk submissions designed to stir shit were removed when his own countrymen told him to take a hike . 
  edit : the $ 67b included a line of credit from the uk for $ 7b of which 3b ( 2015 ) has been used so far . 
  thank you , uk . 
  do n't worry - he is n't english but likely a northern irish flegger . 
  unfortunately the lying turd has provoked others in the past but nobody considers this cretin a representative of the uk . 
  lying turd ( / u/citee _ londinius ) offers miserable excuse :  you could at least retain the paragraphs . 
   i only delete posts to stop vote brigading from / r/ireland , which you guys are notorious for . 
  anything slightly critical of southern ireland gets linked to / r/ireland and the downvoting begins , despite no participation rules . 
   that sub should be banned . 
  edit : annnnd ... the coward has deleted it . 
  yes , us , uk and rest of eu are the three main markets . 
  if the us and the uk slow down , we will immediately feel it . 
  do n't worry - the lying turd will soon delete it if it gets downvoted . 
  for the record / u/citee _ londinius [ f ] [ score hidden ] 27 minutes ago : it only barely survives as a state because britain gave them the foundation and infrastructure necessary to do so . 
  english language , laws and culture replaced the chaotic gaelic mess of old . 
  but even with everything needed to function as a state given to them on a silver platter , they still managed to mess it up . 
  the only reason the irish statelet did n't fail entirely during the financial meltdown was because of the $ 100 billion in bailouts from eu/ecb/imf . 
  that 's a huge amount of money for such a small , insignificant state not much larger than wales in population . 
  one other thing keeping the whole statelet from complete failure is the extremely corrupt tax system , which allows us corporations to avoid paying billions in tax . 
  well educated workforce ? 
  yes , but from mainland britain and the rest of europe . 
  majority of people working for the us corporations of from around the eu , not ireland . 
  it acts as a rogue state of the eu with a highly corrupt tax regime and it 's high time the uk/eu stepped in and put a stop to it . 
  it 's like an out of control toddler that needs to be put on the naughty step where it belongs and let the adults take over . 
  edit : annnnd ... the coward / u/citee _ londinius has deleted it . 
  a * guinness to go with * a meal . 
  your * mom said * that i 'm pretty big . 
  one retired irish politician 's hyperbolic view . 
  in other news , scientists state that water is wet . 
  yes . 
  the consensus is that we 'd likely lose more than we 'd gain . 
  some london banks may move some operations to dublin , but most will relocate to frankfurt - although most are likely to stay in london anyhow . 
  apple and google - for all the criticism they get elsewhere - employ a lot of irish and europeans here . 
  the same ca n't be said for some of the ` irish ' domiciled companies ( like shire ) that are just tax dodges without any meaningful presence in the country . 
  i see at least three dangers in a brexit : 1 . 
  uk-ireland trade is worth 55b and we import more from you than we export . 
  any trade barriers are bad news . 
  northern ireland has been relatively peaceful since 1998 . 
  a manned border could make things unstable up there . 
  the eu without the uk is more likely to centralize around its core of benelux-germany-france at the expense of outlying regions . 
  but ultimately it is your decision to remain or leave . 
  we hope you stay , but we wish you the best if you decide to leave and we hope we can continue to work with you . 
   between continental europe and the british isles . 
  and this , folks , is why we dislike ` british isles ' . 
  ireland does not want the uk to leave , but if it does we have no intention of following them out . 
  the left hand side of the street had some interesting old buildings - shame they were n't renovated . 
  the street now looks better but has n't much character . 
  well , only if you count british nationalists  ni irish national parties want to stay in eu to avoid screwing over the border with the republic .
