  interesting . 
  brexit is a classical example of shit rolling downhill such that smaller trade partner gets shafted . 
  uk will lose in eu-uk trade , ireland will lose in uk-ireland trade , ni will lose in ireland-ni trade . 
  sample size of 16 though ? 
  ni voting to leave eu is like turkeys voting for christmas . 
  me too :(, 
  hah - ` skirt around the rules ' . 
  echr claim that he would be in danger if returned to his home country in the middle east . 
  while this may be the case , this illustrates how difficult it can be for the west to deport those who violate their host nation 's laws . 
  and yet an irish-based isis recruiter deportation is stopped by european court . 
  frankly i was more surprised with sykes ' original assertion that the atlantic culture founding population remained in the majority after so many cultural , linguistic , and migrant invasions . 
  they seemed to have the ability to adapt instead of becoming marginalized and dying out . 
  assuming sykes is right , of course . 
  of course there was a mass migration at some point ; the place was icebound more than 8000 years ago . 
  but every other study says the original inhabitants came north along the atlantic coastline from northern spain to both ireland and britain . 
  and sykes claims that this group has largely remained the majority even after celtic , roman , anglo-saxon , viking , and norman invasions . 
  sample of one middle east farming culture woman is hardly statistically significant . 
  the woman could have been part of a small group that helped introduce farming to a larger local hunter-gatherer community . 
  why do n't we see her group 's haplotype among the modern population ? 
  i 'm surprised by this too . 
  most irish blame the previous ff government for the recession closely followed by the ecb . 
  even with the refugee crisis , i do n't hear anybody here complain about merkel compared to what i read online . 
  c'mon , ' * southern * ireland need to exist as a separate entity ? ', 
  is ( mild ) trolling . 
  he usually shitposts about ireland and deletes any that receive downvotes . 
  he is probably a loyalist flegger . 
  ignore him . 
  he is a well-known troll . 
  i 'm sorry to hear about your alcoholism and depression - hope you get help . 
  at least you admit that the uk does n't have a high moral ground on taxes . 
  ( jersey , guernsey , alderney , sark , isle of man , gibraltar , cayman islands , british virgin islands , etc. ), 
  well-chosen username, 
  mmmm , tasty roberries ... 
  25 % `` increase '' in gdp in 2015 due to nonsense accounting rules . 
  and i have to make the point again that other us companies have repatriated overseas profits when they can pay lower us taxes . 
  even then no . 
  double-irish closed for new entrants in 2014 and closed completely in 2019 . 
  if the us changes their rules on residency , it could be immediately shut off . 
   double irish was outlawed 2 years ago . 
  yes , by ireland . 
  will the netherlands reform the dutch sandwich for royalties ? 
   apple has not repatriated their overseas cash in 30 years , and do not ever have to do so - at what point does `` it 's just delayed '' stop working as an excuse ? 
  while this may be true , when the us last had a corporate tax amnesty ( reduced tax for offshore $ ) in 2004 , $ 300b came back to the states from other mncs . 
  frankly the us are partially at fault here . 
  us corporations expect either another tax amnesty or a reduction in the tax rate and are just waiting it out . 
  it is the equivalent of an ira or 401k - they know they will eventually pay taxes but they do n't want to pay a 40 % rate ( fed + state rates ) . 
  the irish anthem is exactly like a funeral march as well . 
  terrible dirge . 
  the best national anthems are the german , french , and russian . 
   it 's a fact . 
  it is a legal fiction - none of these tax havens would exist without the uk . 
   looking forward for the eu to start clamping down on them . 
   city of london is a tax haven now on the level of ireland ? 
  quite right ; the city is a much larger haven . 
   all the others are self-governing . 
  it 's not really up to the uk . 
  believe what you want . 
  jersey , guernsey , isle of man , city of london , bermuda , cayman islands , british virgin islands , etc. 
  hypocrite . 
  pretty rich coming from a brit ... 
  rats !, 
  foiled again !, 
  and i would have gotten away with it too , if it were n't for you meddling kids !, 
  no problem . 
  we 'll engineer a reverse-takeover of a uk region that voted to remain in the eu . 
  my choice is london - which we 'll rename as ` dublinlondon ' ( the first six letters are silent ) . 
  it will , of course , be a dual monarchy with two queens although the [ irish queen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panti ) will be more fabulous . 
  nobody will benefit from brexit . 
  we all lose . 
   our economy was brutally suppressed by the successive post civil war governments who fetishised simple uneducated catholic smallholders and was a massive step backward from the irish economy in the late 1800s and early 1900s under the british . 
  true and false . 
  ireland from the land acts of 1880 until wwi was recovering . 
  followed by brief recovery after the civil war until 1930 when the next 30 years played out like you described . 
  after 1960 ireland 's gdp growth rate was ~ 4 % until it joined the then eec . 
  bumpy road until the early 90s , then celtic tiger , bust , and recovery . 
  some brits blame the eu for their problems ; some irish blame history for theirs . 
  i do n't know if a transfer union is the correct solution but i appreciate his point . 
  but you ca n't have a transfer union without loss of individual state sovereignty . 
  the article title is clickbait . 
  ( i know , big surprise ! ), 
  varoufakis made the comparison between the lack of a transfer union with whig poor law policy in 1847-49 . 
  peel 's tories initially provided ( insufficient ) famine relief in 1845-46 . 
  russell 's whigs required that affected regions provide their own relief which made the situation much worse . 
  innit, 
  this is the first time one country has been in the eu and the other has not . 
  brussels may decide that : ( a ) there must be a customs border and ( b ) non-eu citizens ( ie britons ) ca n't work or vote in an eu country . 
  small countries like ireland do n't have much leverage in the eu . 
  and vice versa . 
  i hope brexit does n't mess the cta . 
  you mean to say that it only rains 9 months a year where you live ? 
  luxury !, 
  you will need to grow gills up here . 
  same weather as spain ? 
  i 'm afraid i have some bad news for you ... 
  thank you brazil !, 
  the dutch are world class at rowing - where height is an advantage . 
   and we 're not bad at road cycling either . 
  you 'd think being taller ( and heavier ) would be a disadvantage on uphill climbs though . 
  this is insane . 
  punishing the uk for brexit is self-defeating .
