  clearly there will not be access to the single market without freedom of movement . 
  going beyond this to ` teach the uk a lesson in democracy ' is irresponsible and dangerous . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm guessing that the company can reduce their taxable profit everywhere by the licensing fees of the ip ( intellectual property ) held by the irish company . 
  99 % of this ip is developed in the us . 
  the problem is that if ireland blocks these changes then the companies will simply move the ip elsewhere . 
  it needs to be fixed at source . 
  republicans and democrats are going to have to compromise . 
  repatriating non-us profits back is obviously too heavily taxed at 35 % . 
  tax-inversion companies are bastards and traitors to their country . 
  i do n't blame you guys being so pissed . 
  it makes irish gdp ( and gnp ) a nonsense if a few huge multinationals can affect the country 's balance sheet by moving ip , jets , and ordering contract manufacturing . 
  but this is really a us problem too . 
  they should make it harder for their companies to do tax inversions . 
  why ? 
  so the grandchildren of emigrants who have no stake in the country can get a convenient passport ? 
  the grandparent rule is ridiculous . 
  you should only get irish citizenship if one of your parents is irish , by marriage , or meet a residency requirement . 
  i especially do n't like northern irish loyalists who burn irish flags applying for irish passports so they can soak up sun and booze in spain . 
  lol . 
  yeah , i was more impressed by merkel after the brexit vote . 
  ended dec 31st , 2014 for new entrants . 
  phased out in dec 31st , 2019 . 
  does it ? 
  if so , probably cap agricultural payments because of relatively large farming sector . 
  certainly , we do n't get structural funds any more - nor should we . 
  nonsense . 
  we still trade more ( imports and exports ) with britain ( excluding northern ireland ) than any other country in the eu . 
  in fact we import more from the uk than we export even if you allow for some goods that are exported from the eu to uk for re-export to ireland . 
   any statesman would have resigned after brexit . 
  he did n't . 
  telling . 
  why should he ? 
  he told you that it would be a mistake and you did n't listen . 
  well , american english is the international business language . 
  we irish would have to change our spelling but that is a fair deal for using ee . 
  seriously , i do see an upsurge in interest in french , german , and spanish after brexit ... 
  ignore that fool - nobody is gleeful at britain 's brexit problem in ireland . 
  we know that northern ireland and our economy will take a hit as a result of this ignorant decision . 
  however you are quite wrong that we will suffer more than you - our ` experts ' claim that for every 1 % drop in uk gdp , we 'll take a 0.2 % drop in line with uk-ireland trade . 
  please bring sunshine . 
  what kind of munster would pun like this ? 
  he who walks in the middle of the road gets hit from both sides . 
  - i think scotland should have the right to another referendum , but it would be better off to remain within the union . 
  - i think brexit was a mistake , but the uk will continue to prosper . 
  - i think that northern ireland was a sectarian hellhole for its first 60 years , but the current status-quo is the best solution to date . 
  all opinions that piss off both sides . 
  i occasionally visit both / r/uk and / r/ukpolitics and find them both to be good subs and certainly less cringey than / r/ireland . 
  since brexit , / r/uk has become too negative about their country 's prospects . 
  ironically , the worst nationalism - from all countries - is on / r/europe . 
  plenty of uk in / r/europe - many without national flairs . 
  many british consider / r/unitedkingdom to be too left-wing and anti-brexit and so use other uk-based subreddits . 
   if they repatriate it . 
  they will . 
  they are waiting for trump 's promise to reduce us corporate taxes . 
  44 % is crazy - if they reduced it to uk 's rate ( 20 % and 17 % from 2020 ) , then the profits would flow back . 
   also they can offset the value of foreign tax paid . 
  true , but ireland has no claim to tax on non-irish sales . 
  the eu 's 13b fine on apple is a joke - that money belongs to the us . 
   no other eu country has an effective tax rate around 2 % . 
  not true . 
  if/when apple ( and others ) repatriate profits home , then they will pay taxes to the us . 
  this is fair as the value has been added in cupertino and not in cork . 
  44 % rate if apple repatriate profit to california . 
  edit : to the downvoters : us fed rate 35 % + cal state rate 9 %, 
  top export markets are eu , us , and uk . 
  the uk represents just 13 % of our exports . 
  in fact we have a trade deficit with them so when they leave the eu , hopefully we can import and export more with the eu ( including finland ) . 
  [ irish exports ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/exports-by-country ), 
  3.5 b , thanks uk , and we pay it back . 
  but go ahead and keep lying to yourself . 
  people like you really make the uk popular around here . 
  funny , teutonic is probably derived from a celtic word meaning ` people ' . 
  ( tuatha is the irish word for people . ), 
  of course , it could be just what the gauls called the german tribe ( teutones ) that passed through gaul . 
  they were fiercely independent : when the tribe was defeated by the romans in 101bc three hundred married women were to be handed over as roman slaves . 
  instead of submitting , the women slew their children and committed mass suicide . 
  nope , [ 1.95 ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/cso-birth-rate-2132570-may2015/ ) ( 2015 ) . 
  better get on it . 
  if you pay them for it , why not ? 
  actually 60m is a pretty good price . 
  designed by a spaniard , built with dutch steel , named for an irish writer who spent most of his adult life in france . 
  europe , the mighty continent . 
  30 % + weekly church attendance seems high to me , too . 
  80 % + adherents is possible if you include ` cultural ' catholics who do n't attend church except for funerals and marriages . 
  donal mor of house orange . 
  trump can be the new king of scotland . 
  current irish president retires in 2018 . 
  just saying ... 
   the tricolour brigade here never reply with a valid counter argument , just `` troll !!!! 111 '' . 
  that 's because they know i 'm right about their failed provincial experiment . 
   are you joking ? 
  we 'd be celebrating for years if britain dissolved . 
  this ` britain = bad ' rubbish is as cringey af . 
  we have problems enough in ireland without blaming the brits for whatever was done centuries ago . 
  / u/wasppoker is a dingbat who keeps trolling about ireland . 
  you 'll waste your time by engaging with him . 
  he is a funny little troll : posts shit about ireland , deletes posts that get downvoted , posts trivia to regain karma . 
  rinse and repeat . 
   i await your detailed and informative response with bated breath !,
