  excellent . 
  keep holding your breath . 
  we 'll eventually get back to you . 
   we do n't need another pointless eu member state in europe , please . 
  relax m8 , the uk will be ok after brexit . 
  good explanation . 
  it is odd that obama caught so much flack for moving a foreign statesman 's bust in exchange for an american civil rights leader . 
   we do n't need yet another pointless state in europe . 
  you know who that title goes to , op . 
  you are too harsh on the uk . 
  i 'm sure it will survive brexit . 
  you 're wasting your time . 
  / u/wasppoker is a flegger with a huge inferiority complex . 
  he reminds me of another cowardly troll / u/rasing who had a very similar modus operandi : post shit and then later delete it . 
  contemptible creatures . 
  the uk electorate was lied to by their abominable media . 
  this is true . 
  an example is the food industry ; because the area is so small companies develop specializations across the borders . 
  so ni dairy farmers send 50 % of their milk across the border and , conversely , beef farmers in border counties would use a northern facility . 
  ( and , of course , workers would commute across the borders . ), 
  all of this could be disrupted . 
  also if the uk 's food regulations deviate from the eu 's , then this cross-border trade will suffer from more than tarriffs . 
  eg : you ca n't have hormone-treated dairy milk in the eu , animals must be traceable , etc. 
  i 'm amazed that many seem to think that because both the uk and irish governments do n't want a hard border on the island then it wo n't happen . 
  ireland must allow freedom of movement of eu citizens so the checks must be done at ni 's border or in britain . 
  but even getting the ni unionists to agree to show ids on british airports and ports wo n't be easy because of their paranoia . 
  that still leaves custom checks . 
  i fear that the default will be customs and passport checks . 
  this will alienate the nationalist community . 
  it will reduce ni 's trade to their largest export market ( ireland ) . 
  fewer tourists from the republic will spend money in ni . 
  an economic collapse may lead to violence . 
  brexit will do more damage to ireland than any other part of the eu . 
  why are you arguing with a troll ? 
  ( moderation on this sub is terrible ; cretins like / u/waspoker should have been banned ages ago . ), 
  the most popular countries ( can , aus , nz , us ) are the ones that have the most british emigration so i can understand their attraction . 
   ( ireland was only 18 per cent . ), 
   considering 10 % of people here have at least one irish grandparent that is pretty low . 
  so the real rate is 8 % ? 
  sounds about right ... 
  europeans forget that clinton got 3m more votes than trump . 
  every country is stereotyped ; do n't take it personally . 
  even if there is no passport check between the republic and ni , you will still have to stop for customs . 
  the border is almost 400 miles long with dozens of small roads that connect the two . 
  since you ca n't add checkpoints to all of these roads one possibility to to close them down - this was done during the 70s-90s troubles . 
  this will cause problems . 
  ironically many ` nationalists ' in ni are quite content to remain part of the uk since they benefit both from britain 's subsidies to ni as well as easy access to the republic and the wider eu . 
  one possibility would be change ni 's status to that of a crown dependency that remains within the eu - a reversal of the isle of man 's current status outside the eu . 
  of course this is unlikely to be agreed by the ni unionists who would see it as a weakening of their ties to britain . 
  this is a shame since a hard border will be bad for everybody up there . 
  true enough . 
  as you say : it is a largely an indirectly elected body by directly elected politicians like most others . 
  frankly , voting systems ( fptp vs pr ) are far more important to democracy than an upper house or head of state in a parliamentary system . 
  i agree that the ( relatively powerless ) irish upper house is undemocratic but this table makes it appear to be worse than it really is . 
  the taoiseach appoints 11 of the 60 . 
  university alumni elect 6 and the remainder are elected by 5 panels representing unions , farmers , local councils , etc. 
  it is true that these are narrow , unrepresentative constituencies but their representatives are elected not appointed . 
  in 2013 a referendum to abolish the senate was narrowly defeated . 
   foreseable * foreseeable, 
  knowledge is power - francis bacon, 
  the torygraph is hardly a reputable source : there was no 14b given to the irish government . 
  and a good chunk of the 65b we spent on our banks ended up in london . 
  the uk did provide 7b line of credit to ireland . 
  3.5 b was used and interest is being paid back . 
  and fuck you for making me defend my stupid government . 
  thanks op - interesting map . 
  and i 'm glad you did n't use the alternative meaning for \u012averi\u016b / ireland - ` the fat land ' . 
  we are just pleasantly plump , thank you . 
  damn romans called us hibernia which was a sly way of saying ` land of winter ' . 
  there is nothing wrong with poles in ireland wishing to hold on to their culture while contributing to ours . 
  why are you embarrassed ? 
  even though french , german , and spanish are the most widely taught languages ( aside from irish ) here , i see nothing wrong in providing polish as an optional language if enough kids sign up for it . 
  the independent can be a clickbait rag . 
  public bins have tiny access slots . 
  recycling works well to keep the volume down - where i live you can recycle anything that can be placed on a compost bin as well as the usual stuff . 
  but it can be a pain sorting everything separately . 
  speak for yourself . 
  waste collection is charged by the kilo - as good an incentive as any . 
  i realize that . 
  my point is that ( 1 ) oct/nov yoy numbers are smaller and thus more prone to statistical noise and ( 2 ) -1.4 % is hardly a big deal . 
  ireland did n't join schengen because of our border with northern ireland . 
  even if it did join schengen , you 'd still have to show id on a flight/ferry so schengen really only makes sense for a land border on mainland europe . 
  we have no problem with an eu army ; we 'll even help pay for it . 
  but do n't be surprised that an island that has been neutral since 1922 does n't want to join a military alliance . 
  but a 1.4 % yoy decrease in an off-season month means little compared to an overall peak-season increase . 
  but ` post-brexit slump ' will get more clicks ... edit : added yoy ( year over year ), 
  post-brexit slump ? 
  sounds like clickbait to me . 
  i ca n't imagine october/november is a prime time to visit britain so this 1.4 % dip is probably just noise . 
  anecdotally , i visited england for the first time in 10 years in july and plan to go again thanks to the exchange rate . 
  i would highly recommend going - lovely country and great people . 
   congratulation . 
  since 1973 , ireland has received over $ 50bn . 
  no it did n't . 
  in fact we 've paid more to bail out the banks - thanks trichet - than we have received from the eu . 
   well ofc its a peacekeeping army nobody want anything else . 
  that said everybody will have to contribute to it , there 's no reason why france , germany and italy should pay for everybody else border 's protection . 
  wtf ? 
  you do realize we have a big moat around ireland ? 
  why would we need france/germany to protect our borders ?
