queue you bloody antipodean philistine, 
  i think it was perhaps meant to be funny . 
  although i missed it . 
  yeah pretty much every night for a few bevvies down the local is fairly standard . 
  you get your regulars who know all the bar staff and drink the same watered down pisswater ( carlsberg , fosters , carling ) every night . 
  i dunno ever drunk in koln ? 
  now that 's confusing !, 
  think your funny pal ? 
  cause you 're really fucking not . 
  seems like this guy 's never stepped outside of london . 
  it 's like he 's never been to a british pub . 
  this experience is completely different to me !, 
  a queue for the toilets ? 
  seriously where the fuck is he going ? 
  also he has n't mentioned pork scratching , which i think quite frankly is sacrilege . 
  and the old drunk who sits at the end of the bar , but i suppose that 's fairly standard . 
  never seen an aussie working in a pub up north , or an eastern european ; they 're usually doing me plumbing though . 
  oh come on . 
  you can find ` highly educated ' individuals to back pretty much any batshit idea you have . 
  this is something people do n't seem to grasp , the refugees/migrants are mostly men because the route is considered to dangerous for women/children and they have a larger chance of success of acceptance into a new country if their husband already has asylum . 
  downvote and move along , daily mail or express reader i oresume, 
  ok well she did not explicitly say so she hinted at it . 
  i must have just thought she said it !, 
  well yes but that is not going to happen, 
  i just had a look out of my window , pretty sure a landmass ca n't run . 
  although i did just see some cunt running for the bus . 
  i think a seismic constitutional change such as leaving the eu would provide the scottish nationalists with enough reason to justifiably want another referendum on independence . 
  i do n't agree with sturgeon saying there should be one in 2021 , i think the only reasonable grounds for a new referendum should be a brexit . 
  a more apt comparison could be certification and decertification that the u.s. have to countries in the 1990s that did n't comply with its views , especially with regard to the drug war . 
  diplomatic and economic sanctions unless you follow what we say . 
  i too thought i was on r/uk and was wondering where the romanian and the frenchman had come from having never seen either flare on that sub . 
  have you been injecting the daily mail ? 
  as the descendant of a ww2 veteran who spent a while in a japanese prisoner of war camp i 'm not offended !, 
  is my point of view valid ? 
  i 'm descended from someobe, 
  i mean if you do n't rule europe at least fucking macedonia right ? 
  i choose the bulgarian empire because the modern incarnation of bulgaria is named after it !, 
  the bulgarian empire and country name is the oldest state like thing in europe that is still extant some form today , obviously with stints under the ottomans and probably other people i dunno . 
  obviously i was making a joke that it is the oldest and there for the one that should rule, 
  come on you ca n't count game of thrones !, 
  it 's like saying in brugges is a belgium film because it was filmed there . 
  i '' m not quite sure what you mean by big lobbying connections if you ca n't find any i 'm sure you 're looking in the wrong places . 
  lobbying , at least in the uk , is a distinct process from the k-street american style of campaign donation bribes . 
  it 's subtler , i presume it 's backroom deals and agreements that are beneficial to both parties . 
   in a professional capacity , attempting to influence , or advising those who wish to influence , the united kingdom government , parliament , the devolved legislatures or administrations , regional or local government or other public bodies on any matter within their competence . 
  ' a definition a stole from wikipedia to sound smart ' the party donations are not as prevalent and as large as ones to american politics as elections are n't yet a business however they do exist . 
  traditionally the trade unions backed the labour party and business backs tory . 
  there have been plenty of backhand deals that have actually got to the press : cash for questions and cash for peerages are but just two examples of many that you can find on the [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lobbying_in_the_united_kingdom#2000_to_2010 ) . 
  we have insider and outsider groups , which are also present in the united states that attempt to influence the government . 
  the classification of a group can shift depending on who is in power ; in the 60s and 70s when labour was in power and a left wing ideology was dominant the unions had a very close relationship with the governments . 
  in the 80s thatcher smashed this and removed the unions from and insider position to an outsider position . 
  as her government sold off all the nationalised industries that were seen as not working effectively the governments connections with big business and the banking industry grew . 
  although they have never been outsider groups they are as close to the government now as the unions were . 
  i do n't know if that 's what you 're looking for but hey , enjoy . 
  edit : a word, 
  that 's a really interesting insight into the growth of the british economy thanks for that !, 
  it 's really quite depressing considering we used to be highly forested . 
  the royal navy and industrial revolution certainly played a part in it . 
  england is also quite highly densely populated which could contribute to this , it has a population density of [ 413 p/square km ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/guide-method/compendiums/compendium-of-uk-statistics/population-and-migration/index.html ) whilst scotland has 68 and wales 149 . 
  [ the next closest in europe is the netherlands at 393 ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/area_and_population_of_european_countries ) . 
  scotland has fewer trees because of the removal of the apex predator , the wolf , which allowed deer to roam effectively unchecked and eat all the saplings trying to grow into trees i 'm not sure how much this plays a part in england , wales and other european countries however . 
  perhaps extensive farming plays a part as well ? 
  if you drive through the english and welsh countryside it 's all farming to a larger extent than say germany , anecdotal evidence i know . 
  no matter how much you suck up they 're still not gon na let you in you know . 
  why is n't the whole of europe part of the [ bulgarian empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_bulgarian_empire ) ? 
  i do n't think they care enough about actual politics to give a fuck, 
  furthermore the idea that britain is centre right i find preposterous . 
  it 's pretty damn right wing , the press and the government definitely are and vast swathes of england 's population is . 
  the times , telegraph , mail , express and s * n are all radically right wing in my view , although the times is more centrist . 
  milliband was centre right . 
  yeah i know i 'm from the north , obviously i 'm vastly generalising . 
  chester is great , as is formby near liverpool , many towns in northern yorkshire are beautiful and cumbria and the lakes are great . 
  i only said that about manchester as a joke , and also because as one other comment said i 'm a dirty scouser . 
  i love the north so do n't think i 'm denigrating it . 
  it 's just some old industrial towns are fairly bleak : blackpool , preston , wigan , birkenhead , ellesmere port , hull etc, 
  i grew up in reaching distance of birkenhead , i understand you brother . 
  what i hated about venice was all the fucking tourists , oh my days , everywhere . 
  the city did n't have any vibe to it beyond tourists and shops selling tat and shite . 
  liverpool , newcastle and leeds are all pretty good imo , fucking avoid the small towns around them like the plague though . 
  and manchester , never venture there . 
  15 minutes long but [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hmhwb95ldq ) . 
  the bloody beaker folk coming over here with their drinking vessels , what 's wrong with just cupping your hands ? 
   good players scotland  good players scotland  good players [ scotland ] ( http://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcz7j7kqgb1rupgx5o1_500.jpg ), 
  that 's utter bollocks , the argentinian 's have even less business there . 
  if he had said ` those terrorist vastards ' then you 're argument would have more validity , however , he says those islamic bastards so that is defaming a whole group of diverse people . 
  yeah i figured that , but , the comment said something needs to be done . 
  what ? 
  what can we do ? 
  stop the tide of islamic immigration ? 
  but many of these attacks are perpetrated by second or third gen. immigrants . 
  that wo n't stop these attacks ( although i am for a more sensible border policy and it 's really getting out of hand now ) . 
  saying something needs to be done when it 's really bloody hard how to figure out why these kids are feeling the pull of radical islamist ideology and how to stop it spreading . 
  when the whole immigration crisis is caused by a regime that refuses to relinquish any power , when the whole region has been destabilised for 50 + years and it is extremely hard to sort out . 
  it 's just that the guy is saying something needs to be done , millions of people across europe are saying something needs to be done . 
  the politicians think something needs to be done and they act irrationally and take away more of our civil liberties , they become more insular and fascist , the tide is turning and people need to think rationally . 
  what can we fucking do ? 
  kick all the muslims in our countries out ? 
  disenfranchising them more ? 
  send them to death camps ? 
  log and categorise them ?
