   i would first greet the independent kosovo if it 's citizens get rid of the current politicians ( a la 5 october overthrow [ 2 ] ) and if war crimes get investigated . 
  only way i will ever personally recognise kosovo 's independence , is exactly that . 
  and i think they would benefit from different politicians too . 
  yeah honestly , that 's the main reason why i want serbia in the eu . 
  i want to have the option of moving to another country without being treated worse than a refugee . 
  bosnia and albania were christian before the ottomans came . 
  i meant the `` opening of the chapters '' instead of the chapters individually . 
  because so far , joining the eu depends wholly on the kosovo talks , and it would be nice if the eu said `` recognise kosovo or no membership '' straight up , so we know if to pack our things and look elsewhere . 
  why does eu care so much about our southern province ? 
  here 's [ one ] ( http://nsp-policija.org.rs/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/1701441-oro.jpg ) . 
  i saw a turbofolk girl in the bus the other day . 
  she had massive plastic lips , breasts which i felt like the biggest pervert staring at , and she was taking selfies in the bus . 
  when she turned on her front camera , i felt as if she noticed me staring at her so i moved the other way . 
  of course you should be arrested for inciting violence . 
  but i believe there 's a difference for if for an example , a brit chants against a foreign team out of either excitement or anger while living in britain , and if a foreigner does the same thing while being in britain as a guest . 
  both are wrong , but one is more mild in my eyes . 
  because it was played in serbia . 
  no , that does n't make it right but there 's a difference . 
  good . 
  and serbia will never join nato because of ' 99 . 
  i do n't know much about sudeten germans . 
  you do n't need to link me that , i live here . 
  no one is denying the massacres , but it 's completely unfair for the serbian victims to be swiped under the rug . 
  yugoslav 90s tldr : everyone enjoys shitting all over serbs , but when someone mentions the crimes committed against them , then suddenly no one gives a shit because they are the bad guys . 
  please flair up accordingly . 
  i think the reason for the lack of `` information war '' as you called it , is simply because of the reason russia believes that the chances of serbia joining nato are incredibly slim . 
  and rightly so , i do n't see it happening in a few decades , if ever . 
  after what happened in ' 99 , nato and serbia will most likely never stand in the same sentence , at least not in that way . 
  eu however , is our clear goal at the moment - but nato is very far from reality currently . 
  i guess that it also heavily depends on the actions of our government . 
  we should care , because war is unpredictable . 
  let 's say that hypothetically tomorrow uncle sam heard about the 2 for 1 meal in the burger king and looks the other way . 
  europe needs a strong military force of its own , and it should act more independently instead of being dragged into whatever foreign policy the us gets involved in . 
  usa is the biggest military power in the world , as well as the biggest spender in nato . 
  compared to the americans , european army is in shambles . 
  i guess that what i mean with this is that eu should n't rely so much on american help . 
  sure - there are benefits , but europe should look towards being more independent . 
  nato . 
  i have n't done so . 
  despite of that , us is still superior as a country ... and mostly because europe is still not one country . 
  i 'll add german and french to the list . 
  and yet it continues being carried by the us with military , the countries keep bickering one with another and ca n't solve a current pressing issue . 
  eu in its current form is quite powerless compared to some other powers out there ... maybe in a few decades we 'll get back there . 
  `` forum open '' when written does n't make a lot of sense , compared to an `` open forum '' . 
  basketball !!!, 
  ahh , we need to get our southern province in order . 
  [ ** belgrade in 1960s ** ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux0kns8d-jy ), 
  french film director jean-pierre jeunet . 
  his films are a joy to watch . 
  another [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flkxsgxnl8w ) , one of my favourites . 
   burek  cheese wtf ? 
  media here : fuck hungary , also here , have some pictures of crying children . 
  comments : close the fucking borders !!, 
  all we wanted was a coast . 
  we had our eyes on bosnia , but then austria-hungary took it . 
  we occupied albania , but then austria-hungary told us to fuck off . 
  basically : fuck italy , and fuck austria-hungary . 
  i quite like the serbian flag , but aside from my own : 1 . 
  estonia 2 . 
  finland 3 . 
  greece 4 . 
  czech 5 . 
  good . 
  wish yugoslavia was never created in the first place . 
  we would all be much better off today if we were n't united . 
  all serbia got from yugoslavia was lost territory . 
  fucking communist dictatorships . 
  i 'm thinking of picking up polish or czech soon . 
  how hard would it be for a native serbian speaker ? 
  reading some of these comments and watching this video as someone living in a country which aims to join the eu , feels quite disheartening . 
   someone out there already used to call ottoman empire `` muslim liberators '' what the fuck !, 
  that 's not really fair though . 
  tall guy having a big position is considered normal , but a short guy has the same position and suddenly he has `` something to prove '' . 
  i do n't mean your post exactly , but the whole thing in general sounds very ridiculous . 
   the issue around the balkan wars has been very much diluted here by bulgaria 's neighbours who , greece and serbia ? 
  greece pretty much does n't recognise macedonia as a state , and my country does because of yugoslavia , but you can blame tito for that . 
   the same way as serbia and macedonia did with ottoman kosovo . 
  what kind of version of history have you been learning ? 
  kosovo has been a part of serbia way before the ottomans , and before that it was often fought for between serbia and bulgaria . 
  i also do n't see what macedonians have to do with anything . 
  hope hdz does n't win . 
  can confirm , sent him a pm about a year ago still waiting to hear back . 
  do n't ignore pain but embrace it . 
  it 's quite normal for you to feel pain , but also try to realise that she was n't the one . 
  if she really was , she would n't have cheated on you . 
  if anything else , you are worth far more than she was , so do n't let it get you down . 
  time solves most things , but realise also that pain is a normal thing in these circumstances . 
  it means your heart is healing , just give it time . 
  sorry , i always forget not to throw grenades in garbage cans . 
  macedonia became a part of serbia after the second balkan war , after formerly being bulgarian . 
  well , depends on what you buy . 
  for 11 euros , i buy chicken breast , vegetables , fruit , milk/yogurt , bread , oats . 
  so i guess i was a little wrong to say daily , more like every second day or so . 
  11 euros per day ... that 's the average i spend daily for food . 
  what ? 
  i thought she said the complete opposite not very long ago ? 
  awesome . 
  technology mostly . 
  grats, 
  worst day of my life,
