  agreed about seselj as well , it was an overreaction from me , although i still believe he should be arrested for spreading hate , if that 's even possible . 
  [ ** belgrade waterfront ** ] ( http://www.belgradewaterfront.com/en/ ), 
  i get `` abortion '' . 
  it would be a laugh if the south stream project now got cancelled again . 
  i love that one moment which is enough for you to realise with what kind of person you are speaking with . 
  it 's been in the centre of media here for a few days now , i do n't think there 's much more to it than this . 
  at first , it was speculated that the plane had a fault but then it was revealed to just this . 
  it 's honestly not that hard to believe , considering what a laughing stock our president is . 
  but the whole reason they left is because they do n't fancy dying ... 
  what makes you think so ? 
  there 's really no aggression or hatred aside from seselj 's political party , which such a tiny amount of people support that they are not even in the parliament . 
  he should return to the hague where he belongs . 
  still a sad day for the relationship of our two countries , but this does n't represent my country at all . 
  each country has a few of these bad apples . 
   islam will be the dominant religion in europe within a decade or so . 
  i doubt islam will be the dominant religion within only a decade . 
  you also have to ask yourself how many people will even remain religious in the future . 
  reason why i wrote it is because there is not enough evidence that proves your assumption . 
  there is no concrete conclusion , only mere assumptions from your side - which is why even today there are still discussions about the entire thing . 
  there 's nothing wrong if you are actually illyrians , but until that is completely proven , you are left only with theories . 
  everyone living in the balkans also has equal right to claim the same thing that you are , so using that argument to prove that the territory belongs to you is wrong . 
   this still does n't change the fact that albanians lived in kosovo before serbs came to the balkans 500 ad . 
  i would enjoy a source on this - something that does n't claim that albanians are ancient illyrians , as they disappeared over a thousand years ago . 
  claiming that you are descendants of a far gone group of people is absurd , and every serb , bulgarian , or greek , could claim the same thing . 
   serbia occupied kosovo in 1912 after the ottomans left . 
  what ? 
  kosovo always exchanged hands between serbia and bulgaria since the medieval times until it was secured by serbia in 12th century , becoming later an important part of serbian empire . 
  kosovo was always an important part of serbia 's culture and history . 
  i guess by your logic , that all of balkans still belongs to the ottomans . 
  woops , i 've added him in now . 
   everybody is happy but what about bosnians ? 
  he probably also thinks that albanians are illyrians ... 
  well , there is that [ one guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slobodan_milo%c5%a1evi%c4%87 ) ... 
  i try to eat cheap , simple and healthy . 
  for breakfast , i would have a bowl of oats combined with yogurt and a sliced banana . 
  it 's simple to prepare and i usually do it in the evening , i leave it in the fridge overnight for a quick breakfast . 
  for lunch , i would prepare a lot of vegetables with chicken breast , or fish . 
  for dinner , it 's usually an omelette with toast . 
  when it comes to beverages , i drink milk or yogurt , a black cup of coffee and a lot of water . 
  that bread looks amazing . 
  i hope you do n't eat oatmeal with bread though , or is that a thing in denmark ? 
  he also makes an appearance in sherlock season 3 !, 
  he 's also great in jagten , also known as `` the hunt '' . 
  but what about gibanica ? 
  most interesting : france , italy , greece most boring : i ca n't think of any ... 
  i think all the countries are very interesting and different with something unique about them . 
  * checks flair *, 
  enchant\u00e9 , grande baguette !, 
  j'apprends le fran\u00e7ais !, 
  montenegrin in / r/europe ? 
  quickly , someone take a photo !, 
  it 's the albanian website where `` a former serbian commander '' confesses massacres . 
  it 's been posted a few times here in the past , it 's not a very credible source . 
  i do n't know why they even released him ... 
  that 's why the process will take at least another decade ... 
  i 'm not sure how it is right now but it says that the unemployment data is from five years ago . 
  still a very interesting infographic though , really well made . 
  he made me laugh as well , but then i realised he is serious ... 
  they are . 
  every now and then you see a group of people protesting and praising russia , but they are just a small amount of people whose party is not even in the parliament . 
  how is serbia explicitly pro-russian ? 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/30lhhn/former_serbian_commander_confesses_massacres/ what 's the point of these posts ? 
  both op and / u/samoserem are n't even real serbs , they are foreigners using serbia flairs in a desperate attempt to show serbia in a bad light on this subreddit . 
  i do n't understand why they have n't been banned yet . 
  of course they are not representative ... the people protesting are the same people feeding on conspiracy and russian propaganda . 
  no one significant , i do n't see any rational person supporting war in ukraine . 
  just what i was thinking ... russian girls are incredibly good looking . 
  i think that russian and polish girls are the most beautiful in europe . 
  i do n't understand why people pretend to be serbian on this subreddit though ... is their only intention to make serbia look bad ? 
  it sounds kind of petty . 
  that one and [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2xcnle/serbia_plans_several_military_exercises_with/ ) . 
  similar post ended well last time ... 
  it was two years ago . 
  from since the refugee crisis happened , people on this sub moved to the complete opposite side . 
  it has changed much for the better . 
  i am glad to see europe being so welcoming to all these unfortunate people fleeing from their destroyed homes . 
  if ( serbianbridges < 1 ) { chineseembassy ( ) ; }, 
  advice : whenever you meet someone living in the us , or really anywhere else , who has fled from their country during the war or because of economic conditions , chances are they are 3000 % bigger patriots than the people who are living in those countries . 
  most serbs living in diaspora are known to make insane comments as well . 
  i was speaking in general , not afd specifically . 
   getting people like this into office is the thing , that will destroy the countries of europe and the eu , not the refugees exactly . 
  these people are all eurosceptic . 
  what do people think will happen if , or when , these people get into power ? 
  especially in big eu countries such as france or germany . 
  most people are voting far right because of the refugee waves , while forgetting the bad things of having a far right party in power could bring . 
  this is a problem . 
  edit : yeah i get it guys , you 'd rather allow your government complete control over your life than have islam in your country . 
  god forbid finding a middle solution, 
  more like ... 
  piss !!!, 
   and our modern arts museum ... do we have any date when it 's expected for it to re-open again ? 
   i was specifically talking about the systematic violence against bosniaks and their religion . 
  there should be a difference between military and the country 's citizens though . 
  it 's like going to germany and expecting all germans to hate jews , because of some idiot who led their country decades ago . 
  i wonder what greece is going to do . 
  i wish them all the luck in the world . 
    be german   criticize another country for its treatment of jews in the 30s yeah , because him being german should not allow him to express his opinion . 
  come on . 
   say anything bad about immigration and you will get labled as a baby eating nazi and shunned by everyone - not because they necessarily disagree with you , but because they know that they \u00b4 ll get crap for associating with you . 
   `` why are you hanging out with him ?!,
