   especially , serbs & muslims that 's what happens when ottomans pillage and rape your homeland for centuries !, 
  rip chinese embassy, 
   romanians comming to beg for work in early 90 . they gave up their asses after that and now they are colony , i dont envy you at all . 
  and now romanians and pretty much most balkan states live better than we do . 
  but hey , at least we 're not a us colony , right ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eruption_of_mount_vesuvius_in_79 :(, 
  i think it 's fine here as well , it makes a nice change over politics . 
  we do n't mention the other times ... ^ ^ poor ^ ^ ^ chinese ^ ^ ^ ^ pm, 
  ch is more harsh , whereas the other one is more light . 
  for an example ... russian writer [ ch ] ekov , compared to german word [ tsch ] uss !, 
   i think a lot of people are illiterate about the eu this is the biggest issue when it comes to eu . 
  you have a strong amount of population who is pro-eu , and another amount who is against eu , and both of them do n't know much about eu at all . 
  those who are skeptical usually point fingers towards greece , romania , bulgaria , croatia , ... mentioning how the countries are still poor regardless of eu or whatever , i think that the people just expect a miracle to happen immediately upon joining the eu . 
  i think it 's partly the newspapers here being horrible , but at the same time it 's people holding a grudge because of history . 
  i 'll be honest when i say that when it comes to serbia-russian trade , i do n't know much except hearing often how important of a trading partner they are , so i based my opinion on that . 
  what i meant to say more in general was that considering the mess serbia went through , with this year being the first one that we marked any growth , we ca n't afford to put any harm to our economy , even the slightest , even if that means having to put our moral obligations aside for a time . 
  russia is n't our mother , but the second statement is correct . 
  sure , although what russia has done towards ukraine should be condemned , but there 's really no strategic value from serbia 's side if we would truly sanction them for it . 
  they are our big partner when it comes to economics , we 're a much smaller and poorer country compared to some other european ones , so we ca n't afford for our economy to be hurt as much as some other countries can . 
  russia went to ww1 because we were attacked . 
  that 's not comparable with america putting our flag on the white house , although appreciated . 
  agreed about the french though , we were always friends . 
  though , you also have to remember other events aside from ww1 , such as ww2 and the yugoslav wars . 
  us/nato bombed us , and although you may argue if that was justified or not , it does n't change the fact that many people will still look towards russia more kindly than they do towards the west , it just should n't be very surprising . 
  yeah , i meant city buses . 
  damn , just when i thought my country was being progressive ... turns out we were lagging behind . 
  france - history , culture , art . 
  italy - history , culture , art . 
  spain - history , culture , art . 
  we got wifi in the bus , so beat that !!, 
  these people are in europe now , and they will listen to merkel because she invited them . 
  do n't bother , he most likely does n't even live here but enjoys shitting all over our country while using our flair , just like the rest of his comments . 
  lol yes 9/10 of his comments are pretty much shitting all over serbia, 
  you are putting words in his mouth . 
  do n't worry , malaka !, 
  there are still some of us who think of greece with fondness !, 
  all 29 of them !, 
  great man !, 
  that 's not why though . 
  we just never had any issues with them . 
  they went to ww1 for us , their empire disbanded , and they fought with us during ww2 as well . 
  after that it was kind of shit with stalin being a nutter , but even afterwards they were here for us . 
  we just have a lot of shared history and culture together , like we have with greece for example . 
  can confirm , it 's my username . 
  waited for my friend when she was in the bathroom , heard nothing . 
  either women poop silently , or they do n't poop at all . 
  or maybe she was n't pooping at all . 
  not like i listened to her in the bathroom , anyway . 
  women do n't poop . 
  oh syria/iraq , how low have you fallen ... 
  oh , europe ... cradle of civilization , how low have you fallen . 
  moldovia is poorest country in europe, 
  yeah , it is . 
  if i could , i 'd choose neither . 
  culturally , serbia is in a weird spot . 
  there is shared history and culture with russia , but at the same time many centuries spent under ottoman occupation , so our culture is close to turkey as well . 
  personally ? 
  i feel closer to russia . 
  same religion , years of good history compared to ottomans , people i 've met have been rather nice , and if i had to choose between putin and erdogan , i 'd choose putin . 
  it 's awful ... the colors remind me of a middle eastern country . 
   the third phase is characterized by clash between balkan communist leaders and joseph stalin as an opponent of the idea during the post-world war ii period . 
  oh great , thanks stalin . 
  why not !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_irredentism we could even get romania and greece , and form one balkan federation . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  ahhh all right , i thought more that it only counted the users who posted actively , and not just lurkers . 
  do they just not flair accordingly or ... ? 
  i do n't see that many american flairs on here . 
  damn straight , it 's nice to see another balkan nation free of the ottoman terror !, 
  works fine here . 
  have you tried refreshing the page ? 
  serbian ( native ) , english ( fluent ) , and learning french right now ( somewhere around a1 level ) . 
  hope to learn german eventually as well , and maybe spanish and or russian or polish . 
  i think it depends on how you look at it - is it the fault of the greek citizens , or the greek government ? 
  or is it the fault of the citizens for voting for the government ? 
  i do n't think ordinary greek citizens should be blamed for the actions of their government , personally . 
  it would be like all serbs being blamed for what their government did , or all the germans for an example . 
  all that frustration as a child when you really want your parents to open that box of chocolates . 
  this is the best day ever !!!, 
  oh damn nice , that 's a sweet ride , do i get a free gun too ? 
  sigur r\u00f3s - [ von ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ba4b7-d691m ), 
  you mean i ca n't visit california and new york in the same day ? 
  pretty much . 
  difference between someone living in africa , and someone living in germany , aside from their respective cultures , is that someone in germany has only won the lottery for being born there . 
  that person could have as well be born in africa , or somewhere else like south america , which is why i think the whole mentality people have where they think that they are worth more than some people being born in poorer countries ( attitude i see from western europeans towards eastern ) , is incredibly weak and downright stupid in my eyes . 
  i 'm not defending russia 's actions , but some of the comments on this subreddit are flat out wrong and being made by people who 've never stepped into russia . 
  it 's funny since those drills pretty much pale in comparison to how many we do with nato and denmark in particular , iirc . 
  they are a part of greater albania , ha ha . 
  i 'm kidding , they can come and albania can join the club as well . 
  sure , why not . 
  that makes five of us so far . 
  russia , turkey , serbia , greece and now germany . 
  kebab , gyros , tracksuits and rakija . 
  dw , just wait until serbia announces a military drill with russia , we 'll steal that first place . 
  it was pretty bad back then , and i did notice it got toned down ( but i think that was mostly because people went on hating greece and turkey more instead ) , and now it went up again . 
  well , i 'm serbian , so it 's pretty bad for me as well , haha . 
  we should make a `` countries / r/europe likes to shit upon '' club . 
   they lock their own people up in freezing cells burrowed in the tundra for slightly misbehaving on a tuesday . 
  this russian-hate circlejerk on this subreddit is starting to become overwhelming . 
  til,
