  it was part of [ bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_bulgaria ) before [ serbia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_serbia ) [ claimed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_bucharest_\\ ( 1913 \\ ) ) it . 
  macedonia as a country did n't exist before yugoslavia , which is why macedonian language is almost identical to bulgarian . 
  no no no , we annexed it fair and square !, 
  come back to serbia , gib back clay . 
  thanks for your insightful comment based solely on my flair . 
  if my flair was set on eu , like yours , you probably would n't even bless me with your wisdom . 
  which is something i am going to do in order to avoid such shit posts . 
  if he changed his flair to uk , would his point hold more weight ? 
  i just glanced over what you wrote to me about , however i would n't go as far to say that the reason for banning the op was unjustified . 
  perhaps the mods can chip in on this better , but in most situations things are n't black or white as they seem . 
  we do n't know the history behind the op at all . 
  i 'm obviously playing the devil 's advocate here , but i do agree that a year ban seems unnecessary long . 
  you are just taking random scarce information and presenting it like it 's some hard evidence . 
  your image proves absolutely nothing except that / u/dclauzel is an active moderator . 
  have you perhaps thought that the other moderators are simply not as active as he is ? 
  to me , this simply looks like just another attempt to drown this subreddit in complete immigration drama where each post is borderline racist . 
  by the way , if you have n't realised by now , even though / r/europe is filled with news , the subreddit is n't made exclusively for just that . 
  edit : three downvotes in less than two minutes ? 
  thanks for proving my point further . 
  oh yeah , it definitely takes longer . 
  i think it took me close to two weeks to get my book , but definitely worth it since it 's free , and they threw me in a couple of bookmarks too !, 
  advice : use http://bookdepository.com/ - it has a massive selection of books and free shipping worldwide . 
  i am satisfied with the results so far . 
  yeah , it 's definitely the french guy we all love to hate because he 's writing in two languages . 
  give the guy a break . 
  you people complained when the megathreads were added , and now you complain when there are at least some threads on this subreddit which are n't migration related . 
  i do n't mean at you specifically op , but at the general sentiment plaguing this subreddit lately . 
  sure , immigration is a hot topic , but complaining that one or two threads were removed when there are eight of them still out there which are similar is quite disheartening . 
  oh damn , my mother is macedonian . 
  what are the chances of me getting in on this ? 
  how is n't it ? 
  macedonia was a part of bulgaria , and then it was a part of serbia after the balkan wars . 
  then yugoslavia happened . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  i 'd learn spanish if i was n't already learning french and soon german . 
  oh , i thought you meant greece vs croatia . 
  * ^ shakes ^ fist *, 
  unilateral independence ? 
  oh boy , i wonder where that happened before . 
  yup , i will never understand anyone who says ottoman empire was nice and understanding towards the native christians . 
  they were harsh , oppressive colonisers who had a part of europe for themselves for centuries . 
  damn straight . 
  we are poor and proud . 
  ^ ^ ^ gib ^ ^ ^ money ^ ^ ^ germoney, 
  a lot of those serbs are gypsies . 
  yes , so there 's no conclusion . 
  although it 's their most common connection , there 's no proof that they truly descend from illyrians , only speculations . 
  if anything , slavs should have some of that connection as well from the years spent living there . 
  very communistic indeed . 
  pretty much accurate . 
  what happens when that quota gets filled ? 
  sure , but i meant more siding with russia over joining the eu . 
  do you mean kosovo becoming a part of albania , or albanians taking over kosovo as they have done ? 
  either way of the two , people are angered and with reason , as kosovo has always been an important part of serbia 's history and culture , dating back to [ 1389 battle of kosovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kosovo ) . 
  nikolic and vucic apparently have a little rivalry going on , but i believe it 's just a show being orchestrated for the masses . 
  people are supportive of serbia 's accession to the eu , even though i do think that the support might be slightly going down lately , mostly so due to the refugee and greece crisis , and the inability of eu to make any strong decision towards it , as well as the treatment of greece . 
  despite this , i still believe that the serbian people are in support of the eu . 
   and do you find this to be a hot topic among people of all ages or have the younger generations made peace with the fact that kosovo is gone for good ? 
  i think that younger generations definitely see it in a different light than the older ones , and mostly so because they have n't experienced war as much . 
  it 's kind of split however , most people i do know are either in support of kosovo 's independance and serbia 's eu path , or are against kosovo 's independence and in support of the eu path . 
  what they both have in common is that they support the eu . 
  there are also those who are in support of russia , but from my experience , they are a smaller minority . 
  however , how much will that change in the future with the current refugee crisis , we will see . 
  yes , even though i do n't think that will ever happen . 
  i think that eventually , serbia will recognise kosovo in a few decades . 
  even now , we are signing agreements which are pointing towards that . 
  that , and the fact that the world heritage monasteries built there have been by serbs , and the fact that serbia does n't recognise kosovo 's independence . 
  [ well ... ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=07&amp;dd=27&amp;nav_id=94886 )  vulin recalled the pogrom organized by ethnic albanians on march 17 , 2004 , when ** 35 serbian churches , monasteries and monuments of culture were destroyed in as few as two days ** , including the church of our lady of ljevis which dates back to the 14 century and is included in the world heritage list . 
   `` we have not forgotten the march 17 pogrom and those who set the on fire the church of our lady of ljevis and dozens of other churches and monasteries now want to present themselves as the guardians of the heritage of the serbian orthodox church in kosovo and metohija , '' vulin said . 
   `` if there had been no march 17 pogrom , and if the serbian churches had not been set on fire , if father hariton had not been decapitated , we would perhaps have believed in this , but now we can not and shall not believe in it , '' he said . 
   unesco must not and can not accept that the visoki decani monastery ( also on the world heritage list ) was built by anyone but serbs and the serbian orthodox church , vulin said . 
  formatted this for you , so it 's a little bit easier to read :  disclaimer : this is my personal experience , i 'm not claiming everyone had the same experiences as me so please refrain from trying `` to prove me wrong '' by posting articles about how rude and unthankful refugees are , i 've read them all and it does n't change that they were nice and thankful towards us . 
  also , english is n't my first language . 
   today my mother , a friend of mine and i ( so 3 females ) drove to the refugee camp in traiskirchen ( austria ) with food , clothes and hygiene products . 
  next to the building , there are tents and some people have to sleep under planks they leaned against the wall . 
  there 's refugees standing outside the wall/gate on the boardwalk . 
  we decided to do the distribution by ourselves ( so we know that the people get what we donate , also for communicating what kind of things they need ) . 
  we parked the car , opened the trunk and waited for people . 
   it worked like this : people come and ask if you have something , you give it to them or they take it themselves if they see an item they need . 
  we had a few problems communicating with each other , but in the end it worked out fine since some people could speak english and if not , we would just try to communicate with gestures . 
  almost everyone knew the german word `` danke '' ( thanks ) and no one that came to our car was unthankful . 
  also , it is really badly organized there , i have n't seen anyone that seemed to work for the refugee camp . 
  it 's not as dirty as i thought it was judging from news articles , and there were a few refugees picking up trash . 
  it 's nowhere near perfectly clean , though , and i have no idea about the conditions inside since we stayed in front of the gate . 
   if any of you live near traiskirchen ( or any other refugee camp , i think the things the people need are the same ) and contemplate to donate something :  * shampoos , shower gels , deodorants , diapers , something inexpensive kids can play with ( there 's many people -  chances are it gets lost or breaks ) , any kinds of food ( preferably halal - most people are muslims - honestly do n't think giving them pork is helping with their integration , eating a meat you have n't ever eaten before is n't all too healthy especially if you 're older ; e.g. 
  : no pork , no gummy bears with gelatine ) , clothing ( shoes , jackets , pants , new ( !, 
  honestly , i think this should be ) underwear , skirts ) , feminine hygiene products ( sanitary pads , not tampons ) and probably toilet paper are usually needed . 
  * give it to people directly if that 's possible . 
   * please do n't donate clearly expired or mouldly food , dirty or very ( like torn apart ) damaged clothing . 
  it 's people you 're giving it to and not the waste collection . 
   edit : fixed grammar and also : if you decide to distribute your donations by yourself , get information if it 's okay . 
  i just did n't want to give it to the private organisation ( ? ), 
  that runs the camp because i 've heard that they just put the donations anywhere and people have to dig through the stuff to find what they need . 
  if you do n't feel comfortable doing it yourself because you 're scared that it 's going to be chaotic ( which can be the case , i think ) , there 's usually people from non-profit organisations that can do that for you . 
  we were distributing outside the refugee camp , where only about 100-200 refugees were so i do n't know what it 's like when you 're bringing donations inside where a lot more people ( in traiskirchen there 's about 4,500 ) are . 
  awful . 
  usa usa usa -- i mean serbia serbia serbia !!, 
  spineless ... 
   why of all must the 35 or so european ones take the migrant burder . 
  saudi arabia , uae , kazakhstan , oman and etc.
