  did you see what he said about immigrants on facebook ?!, 
  he \u00b4 s a nazi , he \u00b4 s a racist !, 
  ... are you ?! '', 
  is this actually a thing in sweden ? 
  because if it is , it 's mind blowing . 
  i mean , if someone was blatantly a nazi , i would n't associate myself with that person , but there 's a difference , or should be , between being an obvious nazi and arguing about something important . 
  getting over what , turkey ? 
  nobody cares about turkey in the balkans any longer . 
  there are n't any bad feelings between our nations . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ need ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ reclaim ^ ^ ^ ^ constantinople . 
   `` one day the great european war will come out of some damned foolish thing in the balkans ( 1888 ) . '' - bismarck yeah , how dare do those people in the balkans fight for their independence from ottoman colonisers . 
  fuck you bismarck . 
  it 's just typical western european superiority complex , where eastern europe is completely irrelevant in their eyes , except when it comes to fixing their mistakes when they fuck up . 
  just move along . 
  no , not again !, 
  wtf , still no sea ? 
  cheap way for politicians to score some points . 
  nothing serious about this . 
  can confirm , [ we had one too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pig_war_%281906%e2%80%9308%29 ) . 
  not an expert , but i always thought that pasta had 0 nutritional value . 
  both exist here as well !, 
  i know a bozhidar , and a person with the last name dinov . 
   after learning norwegian , danish , swedish and estonian , would you still have time/brain cells left for english ? 
  i think so . 
  i mean , aside from estonian , those languages are fairly similar , with a bit of practice it would n't be difficult to grasp them more or less . 
  english is also the language which is used the most at the moment , at least for europe , most entertainment is in english , so learning it is much easier than other languages . 
  hard working and punctual people . 
  usually involves cursing and trying to make some space for everyone on the bus , but when it comes to talking to strangers , it 's not that uncommon for an old person to strike a conversation with you , most of the time when they are about to take your seat . 
  completely opposite from what we have here . 
  people talk with each other on the bus , talk on phones , argue with each other when the bus is too crowded , laugh , swear , get into fights with the ticket control , ... 
  i could go on . 
  my experience with gyros so far : consume gyros , be satisfied , end up with food poisoning and spending all night in the bathroom , sweating and then when i finally catch some sleep , i end up with nightmares with or sleep paralysis . 
  agreed . 
  i thought there was more humor to it or whatever , but from what i 've seen so far they are just incredibly tasteless and being made for no other reason than to offend people . 
  better change our flairs ... 
  i have a couple of thoughts about austria-hungary ... 
  i said country . 
  bosnia is the most dysfunctional country in the balkans , if not in the entire europe , do n't mean this to offend bosnians who live there , but i think they also know how bad the situation with their government is with dayton and everything ... hope it will get better for them . 
  only anti-eu policies afaik is coming from rs side , but even bosnia just got green light for eu negotiations . 
   like it solved in bulgaria and romania . 
  both are miles ahead of us ... same with greece , and the rest of eastern europe . 
  but we in the balkans are the smartest , and that 's why we are living with poorest living standards in europe . 
   nato = / = eu considering most if not all eu members are in nato , they are kind of related . 
  you are entering a union whose members are a part of organisation which bombed you . 
  people were probably pretty salty still towards germans and each other after ww2 , it 's just that we do n't hear about it , compared to modern age where most generations are still alive . 
  it takes a while to get over the entire conflict , it 's what i 'm saying . 
  anyway , serbia does n't have to be in the eu if the general consensus that we are not welcome , so we know if to seek alternatives . 
  eu is n't a magic wand that suddenly fixes all things , but the road to eu solves many things through chapters and meeting copenhagen criteria . 
   they 're not normal for someone that has yet to go through the hoops of joining . 
  they are normal for someone who was bombed by nato a decade ago . 
  instead of looking at the numbers , i think that people should more wonder why the numbers point that way , and what could be done to shift the numbers the other way instead . 
  why should a country have to choose between being either a russian or an american puppet ? 
  most people i know are pro-eu , and i do n't see how 40 % of people having a negative image of eu is considered normal for a country being inside the eu , it does n't give a lot of confidence to someone who wishes to join . 
  it 's not surprising even that numbers are so high , considering how much media enjoys biting on the whole greece economical crisis , and now the refugees from the middle east . 
   if serbia buys these missiles for fear of a croatian attack , then they are much dumber than i thought they were . 
  it 's just usual show for the masses . 
  croatia buys offensive weapons , government talks about it and about buying defensive weapons , nationalists nod their heads and forget about a moment or two about dire living standards in the country . 
   heck even they do n't want to . 
  who does n't ? 
  i think mars might be a generation or two away . 
  :( just in time for virtual reality , but too old ( young ? ), 
  for mars . 
  ca n't i just pose as syrian ? 
  most people mistake serbia with siberia , and now looks like a good chance to give syria a shot as well . 
   i 'm confident you will outwork , outsmart and out-economy us westerners sooner or later . 
  =p thanks for your confidence , that 's nice and all , but how do i move to switzerland ? 
  oh great , now i 'm never going to manage to move to germany . 
  bj\u00f6rk , the smiths , arcade fire , radiohead , sufjan stevens , to name a few . 
  i 'll check out montreal and broken social scene , thanks !, 
  no idea why , we never had it . 
  until recently , we could n't even receive money on paypal . 
  i tunnelbeared it on my android , it works fine now at least . 
  but it 's an inconvenience if i want to use it on my computer ... 
  ca n't comment , since i do n't usually listen to hip hop . 
  i 'll give that a try , since for these couple of years i 've been using last.fm , as spotify was n't available in my country ( still is n't , but i 'll vpn it ) . 
  discover playlist sounds very rad . 
  what would you say is good from 21st century music ? 
  i 'm not sarcastic or anything , just curious . 
  rip . 
  eerie too , considering the video of lazarus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-jqh1m4ya8, 
  i do n't think that 's entirely fair however , especially considering that even though most people assume it is , it 's not the case that all germans supported hitler . 
  ordinary german civilians who suffered because of the actions of their government should n't be blamed - even though they are . 
  the same thing applies with russians , who are all branded as putin lovers , and some even going to extents to write how they are willing to sacrifice all russians , but that 's just usually more or less considered the norm on this subreddit these days . 
  not all germans supported hitler , and current generations of germans should n't be blamed for their ancestors . 
  for how long should ordinary germans have to carry hitler 's shadow ? 
  back when i went to school , religion classes were optional . 
  ( they still are ) you could choose either religion or civil lectures ? 
  i 'm not sure how to translate the last thing . 
  i went a couple of times to my friends ' religion classes to see what they are like , and it was the most boring thing in the world . 
  they would have to memorise songs , and similar things . 
  i think overall no one really cared much about those classes since you could n't get a grade from them , so no one took them very seriously . 
  yes , but you think so precisely because you 're a combat veteran . 
  you 're trained and experienced , and you have a strong feeling of cultural identity , being an american . 
  these people are born inside of a country where i 'd argue such cultural identity does n't exist , or is n't as strong as some identities are from europe , asia , or america . 
  when you do n't feel any bond or love towards your country , it 's difficult for you to head into battle for the sake of that very country knowing that you might not come alive from it . 
   do you think it would be reasonable to leave your community in the hands of assad & isis ? 
  i think instead of arguing whether it 's reasonable or not , we should try putting ourselves in the shoes of these people instead of thinking of them as cowards over the internet . 
  it 's rather easy to do that , while if we were in the same situation , we 'd most likely do the same thing they are doing . 
  their government is oppressive , the islamists are going around and shooting people , there are also the rebels , the kurds , russians , americans , ... it all spinned down to where people do n't know who is meant to fight whom . 
  if you were young , in your middle twenties or thirties living in syria , watching your friends and family die while having no strong feeling of identity , you 'd most likely run away also instead of wasting your only life being shot by some suicidal nutjob .
