  they all are closer , both physically and culturally and could offer lower population density . 
  some of them do take refugees , while others refuse . 
  europe is the wealthiest , therefore everyone heads here . 
   brigaders are brigading . 
  `` brigading on this subreddit ?!, 
  do n't be ridiculous , there 's no proof for any of it !, 
  here , old chap , have a downvote to see how stupid your statement is ! '', 
  instead , they made the christians second-class citizens , took their children and converted them to islam . 
  great thing to be proud about . 
  your flair confused me there for a moment . 
  :( i could have swore that you did n't have it a few days ago . 
  still interesting to see how comments change based by a person 's flair . 
   and when i said croatia is openly nazi state and society , you got mad at me and started insulting me . 
  you ca n't judge an entire country based on the actions of a few . 
  i 'll probably read a bit and then go out for coffee , it 's quite a lovely day . 
  dare i suggest [ yugoslavia 3.0 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_irredentism ) ? 
  new and improved version , third time is the charm . 
   we ' v access to a sea ; _ ;, 
  yeah , i do n't get it . 
  why are these people allowed to live in denmark ? 
  hahaha i love how confused this comment is, 
   as long as the majority of serbs adore gavrilo and slobo and arkan as heroes well , the majority of serbs do n't , so we are safe . 
  well , a few months ago i 've read that the time required for that project can be up to 50 years , so the current generations are safe kind of . 
  yes , actually . 
  during the past few weeks , i 've ran into a lot of people who are remembering the 90s and therefore also understanding how the refugees must be feeling . 
  there are of course , also others who despite this , believe we should close our borders and do something similar macedonia has done earlier this week . 
  so i suppose the public reaction is sort of split in the end . 
  most of them are roma . 
  i think we 're building them a center/shelter for this . 
   but i think the police there is afraid that they would attack the immigrants and that would basically remove any chance of serbia getting into eu what ? 
  how does this make any sense ? 
  after montenegro , most likely . 
  after bosnia , i doubt it . 
  i do n't . 
  out of my country , yes . 
  out of europe , no . 
  i ca n't imagine myself living anywhere else , at least not for a long time . 
  i think this needs a name , where the candidate states get trapped in a black hole . 
   `` this is a big achievement for the whole of serbia and it means there are no longer any obstacles , nothing stands on serbia 's way towards europe , '' said serb prime minister aleksandar vucic . 
  nice . 
  can we place bets now on the year serbia joins the eu ? 
  [ four agreements signed during kosovo talks round ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=08&amp;dd=25&amp;nav_id=95216 ), 
  some of the posts written in this thread are quite cringe-worthy . 
  i 've noticed that it 's almost the same set of posters complaining about censorship , first with the megathreads and now over the action of a specific mod . 
  the same posters are incredibly uptight over immigration , and i suppose now they are angry that even after megathreads are gone , there are still threads on this subreddit which are n't centered around immigration completely . 
  looking at the front page of the subreddit right now , most of the posts are about immigration . 
  sure , it 's a hot topic , but there 's also other subreddits which are centered around this particular issue . 
  mods have all the right in the world to remove low quality content , and let 's face it , the one you 've posted fits that category rather well . 
  what 's despicable however , is not / u/dclauzel 's moderation , but this entire thread you 've made to start a witch-hunt against another person , publicly shaming and insulting them . 
  you could have sent a pm to the moderators over what 's troubling you , but instead you 've settled for this , and i suppose in a way , it also portrays quite nicely the state of this subreddit lately as well . 
  well , today in the middle of belgrade , one migrant stabbed another . 
  government 's official reaction though , is welcoming towards immigrants and we plan on making a center to shelter some of them . 
  people 's reaction is split , with some remembering how the serbian citizens were seeking asylum themselves in the 90s , while others are more in line with macedonia and hungary , wanting to close the borders and build a similar fence . 
  serbia is more pro-eu than majority of eu states ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would you refuse food and first aid when you are fleeing from a war zone ? 
  `` no , not siberia . 
  it 's north of greece . '', 
  everyone knows where greece is . 
  what are their thoughts on immigration ? 
   edit : somehow , while trying not to , i still broke the rules hence why this post was downvoted . 
  could someone take the time to explain which rules it broke ? 
  thanks so much . 
  you did n't break any rules , it 's just awful behavior being done lately by the few from this subreddit . 
  if someone disagrees with your opinion , or if your opinion differs even slightly from the popular on this subreddit , you are sadly going to get downvoted to hell . 
  lol at the downvotes on your post ... 
  kind of , our wages and pensions have been cut a lot in order to bring the money for the economy , which our pm keeps saying that is improving , and we 've secured a 0.5 % positive growth this year . 
  i suppose that is fine , but it 's still too little and i 'm a young person who ca n't wait ten to twenty years for things to improve . 
  by then , i plan to have children and i 'd rather raise them somewhere where i can afford them things , which wo n't be hard since when educated , i have an easier time moving somewhere else . 
  now people might argue that this is the exact reason the country is stagnating , with everyone young and capable leaving , but in the end i only have one life , and although i love my country and the people here , i do n't wish my life to be full of regret . 
  `` russia applies for eu membership . '', 
  you are right of course , but you ca n't stop thinking about what could have happened ... 
  i feel the same way about the longevity of eu 's future , and my whole opinion on it has shifted from how they handled the greek economic crisis . 
  i 'm not sure how much eu has helped croatia , since most people i have met have said it has helped them a lot to get their government in order , while others not so much . 
  i 'm not seeing eu solving the refugees problem at all , and on the contrary i 've read a few days ago how germany is considering adding visa requirements again to serbia because of all the refugees coming from here , which is n't our fault at all !, 
  in the end , i hope to move somewhere else as i ca n't wait for the situation to improve here . 
  yeah , though i think a time will come when our government wo n't be able to sit on two chairs anymore . 
  i should just stop opening these threads since it 's always the same kinds of comments being written which is depressing to say the least . 
  it did n't , no . 
  i meant more in general whenever serbia and russia are together in one sentence , you can imagine already what kind of comments the thread will be full of . 
  oh no , do n't get me wrong . 
  russia is definitely the asshole in this scenario , but it 's not so completely black and white . 
  i am just simply saying that what russia is doing has been expected , and that it 's surprising the people have n't seen it coming . 
  ca n't help but think we 'd be much better today if we never unified in the first place . 
  it 's not because ... ? 
  that does n't work when you are neighbours with someone like russia , sorry . 
  if ukraine was further away , then there would n't be any problems . 
  hahaha , talk about extremes . 
  yup , i could n't write it better myself . 
  did people truly expect russia not to do anything when ukraine overthrew their although corrupt , but democratically elected president and sought eu and nato membership ? 
  well , eu has told us not to profit off the sanctions , which i suppose is fine since we are a candidate to join the eu . 
  this we honored and have n't made any possible profit which we could . 
  pretty much . 
   serbia is just friendly towards russia , but at the same time already on its way to join eu and later nato . 
  the kremlin does n't seem to realize it though . 
  haha , try explaining that to the subscribers of this subreddit . 
  being even remotely friendly with russia must mean you 're a communist and worst thing to ever happen to europe . 
  it 's not one of my favourite languages , but the song was pretty nice . 
  i liked the girl in the video as well , it seems that most russian women are incredibly beautiful , or well slavic women in general really are . 
  estonia - one of the best flags latvia - cool eurovision song lithuania - my friend lives there , and they have [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hill_of_crosses ) cool hill .
