  i ca n't cheer for turkey if the allegations that they are supporting daesh are true . 
  well , i guess that depends on who you think the bigger asshole is . 
  if erdogan is supporting isis through oil , then he 's definitely a bigger asshole in my eyes . 
  i ca n't comment on what 's it like to live under him in turkey , but afaik it is n't good . 
  why are you cheering for erdogan ? 
  none , afaik . 
  well you got downvoted , so that should tell you enough . 
  what genocide is russia committing right now ? 
  serbia . 
  in winter , we turn into siberia . 
  in summer , we turn into syria . 
  what if you drink a lot of water first before drinking coffee ? 
  will it be less painful for the stomach , or should you really eat something first ? 
  does the same work for coffee ? 
  your useless comment only proves his point further . 
  where did you see him claiming that serbs were the good guys in the war ? 
  next time read what the other poster writes before shoving words in his mouth . 
  it 's indeed quite sad , and what 's even more sad are people who are fine with it . 
  hahaha , add me to the list, 
  it 's important to note that all of these people are coming from war-free zones , such as pakistan and similar countries , and the reason they are stuck is because macedonia and serbia have stopped allowing them to come through the borders . 
  of course not . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  eu = europe now . 
  everyone who 's not part of eu is swiped off the map . 
  reminds me of that ukrainian redditor who wrote `` hey / r/europe '' or was it `` here 's from / r/ukraine '' ? 
  i ca n't even remember , but he wrote it the same way before launching it on russians . 
  oatmeal for breakfast and a cup of black coffee , or a sandwich made with full grain bread , followed with a smoothie for first snack made out of milk , kale , spinach , bananas , chia and flax seeds . 
  afterwards for lunch , i 'd have grilled chicken and vegetables with broccoli as a salad , then about two cups of milk for snack , and for dinner i 'd usually eat something light like boiled eggs and toast bread and wash it down with another two cups of full fat milk . 
  all in all , i think i eat pretty healthy . 
  rip brave beard . 
  just remember to shave your mustache last , you do n't want to run out of shaving cream after shaving your mustache and ending up looking like a mujahideen . 
  happened to me once , shaving the rest was a painful experience . 
  hahaha , i 'd shave that off if i was you . 
  you might think yeah who gives a shit about terrorists , but it 's better to be safe than sorry since just earlier i 've read how people on a bike went around shooting non-white people . 
  awesome !, 
  close the borders , stop supporting middle eastern countries since some of them are obviously supporting isis , send in troops . 
  apparently it 's the first skyscraper built in southeast europe , til . 
   nothing is confirmed yet it 's been on the news here and the police pretty much confirmed it , afaik . 
  not really , it 's confirmed that one of them was a `` refugee '' who came through greece and serbia . 
  here 's one of the [ terrorists ] ( http://www.blic.rs/data/images/2015-11-14/692943_naslovna-logo_ff.jpg?ver=1447539218 ) who came from greece , passed through serbia , croatia , and austria to get to france . 
  and a small translation :  ahmed almuhamed has been registered on the border crossing in pre\u0161evo , serbia on 7th october this year , where he formally requested asylum . 
  it 's been confirmed that his information fits the person who was identified earlier on 3rd october in greece . 
  french flag being reflected in the river is so fucking cool . 
  yes , give back clay !, 
  nothing like surprise anschluss, 
   i guess despite my experience i still underestimated serbian defensiveness . 
  i think it 's kind of expected though , since it 's the kind of things people here have never heard of . 
  i 've been living here from since i was born , and a lot of things you wrote do n't make any sense to me - but i 'm not going to accuse you of lying like the other guy , since i 'd rather think that you have no reason to do that . 
  all in all , i hope you have a better experience next time if you choose to visit belgrade again . 
   i see it as a very good indicator of how shallow someone is . 
  it 's a good attitude and mindset to have , imo . 
  i think that with time , we learn to immediately spot what kind of person the person you are talking to is , even through the smallest details . 
  first impressions can be misleading , but i also think that they are very important . 
  it 's not only related to tourism , but in general as well , it 's not worth hitting your head over and over again over some people 's behavior . 
  being able to space out and not care about people who are destructive to others is the biggest blessing you can have . 
   there is a subset that hates being associated with the us in any degree . 
  to be honest , i 'm guilty about this . 
  i always associate canada with the us , because i always think that the cultures and history are very similar because the countries are one next to another . 
  it 's probably also because i know so very little about canadian history compared to american - which is also little compared to how much i know european . 
  just shows that ordinary citizens do n't know that much about balkan states . 
  bosnia having the best score , while having the most dysfunctional government in the balkans ( feel free to point the finger ) ? 
  i can see how that makes sense , and it probably sucks being a tourist from the us in that regard , but i think that it 's also important that you ask yourself if the people getting angry with you over your nationality , and your country 's foreign policy - something you personally had nothing to do about , are even worth spending time with , and are even worth worrying yourself over . 
  i also thought that canadians and americans were really good friends for some reason , so hearing that canadians are n't that welcoming towards americans ( from your experience of course , i 'm not swiping all canadians under the same rug ) , is something new to me . 
  i think that 's more the exception to the rule , where there are crazy individuals like that everywhere . 
  it 's like someone from the us still holding a grudge against a japanese man , or a russian . 
  it 's just the way he has worded it that belgrade was this nazi white power / soviet graffiti anti-west place that was absurd and very wrong . 
  when did you go to belgrade ? 
  in the 90s ? 
  i live here all my life and not once have i seen soviet anthem and flags , people being angry with americans , or white power , etc. 
  we did pretty much everything except call it `` genocide '' . 
  the money is also aimed at :  for development of infrastructure , and has earmarked another eur 3 million for future joint projects, 
  we 're poor , how much do you expect us to pay ? 
  because balkans is this `` war torn part of europe where things like those are considered normal '' but no one understands why wars happen in the first place , it 's just easy to shit over people living there while living in a western country . 
  i understand what you mean , not everyone sees ottomans as conquerors , although i do firmly believe that they were - both albania and bosnia were christian states before they came , and even though children had the opportunity to rise up in the ranks of the ottoman army , christians were forced to pay the blood tax , but i wo n't get into that since it 's a wide topic and something else entirely . 
  i think that ultimately , if albanians wanted a piece of land which was n't so cherished and thought to be a core of the country 's culture , there would n't be as many issues . 
  both albania and serbia are poor countries today , and every chance for nationalism strikes against one another is something which sadly , makes people forget for a moment or two about their own hardships . 
   thessaloniki was part of serbian empire too , is that an argument ? 
  no , because in my other post i clearly wrote :  that piece of land is incredibly important due to history with the ottomans and the 1389 battle of kosovo . 
  i think i understand what you mean - if you go back in history , you can trace back that most things will belong to someone else . 
  however , i think there 's a small difference when it comes to kosovo , since ottomans are seen as harsh conquerors , and it 's not surprising that after balkan states fought them back off that serbia would go and reclaim its former land , especially since that piece of land is incredibly important due to history with the ottomans and the 1389 battle of kosovo . 
  i do n't see how serbia `` occupied kosovo '' when it was part of serbian empire before the ottomans . 
  serbia occupied briefly albania , kosovo was a part of serbia before then , together with macedonia . 
   how are they even proposing this ? 
  they are n't really , they are just trolling . 
  sorry guys . 
  yeah , i hope so too . 
  what 's most entertaining is that the biggest `` patriots '' are people who have n't lived here in two decades and more, 
  yup ... people with serbian flair often enjoy shitting all over the country on this subreddit lately, 
  who needs english when you have the glorious french ? 
  he 's an obvious troll , do n't entertain him . 
  title is misleading . 
  he responded to ex-president 's words that the law should pass , by saying that `` he believes the prime minister would never sign something like that '' , it 's not an offical decision by the government , or the pm 's words . 
  what does that have to do with me saying russian women are beautiful ? 
  polish women are just as beautiful , and slavic women in general are . 
  it 's true . 
  russian women are either incredibly gorgeous or old hunched babushkas . 
  there 's no middle . 
  i do n't think they need to ... most russian girls look like this . 
  face or snow ? 
  what if i know german and got a degree in computer science ?
