  considering how little netflix offers compared to their offers in the us , i think i 'll pass , at least for the price they are asking for right now . 
  he 's croatian iirc, 
  for tiny kebabs ? 
  i knew something was n't right !, 
  wait ... that does n't sound right . 
  he was driving around 100km/h , and the guy he hit ended up flying for twenty meters , but it 's important also to note that the guy he hit was trying to cross the street by running outside the zone for pedestrians . 
  pilgrims get egged in kosovo , romanian guy drives over someone in the middle of belgrade ... exciting christmas so far . 
  all right , how can i move to poland ? 
  dw , we 'll light one up together . 
  at least we will be able to smoke and eat pig at this new year 's eve in peace . 
  this might be your best one yet ... 
  he 'll share with rama while they watch turkey-russia football match together . 
  [ serbia is currently the second country in the world with most smokers , beaten only be greece . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita ), 
   that was rejected , so this was a fallback plan . 
  better than nothing i suppose ...  it 's written in the article . 
  i 'm your average / r/europe subscriber . 
  do you really think i read anything other than article names ? 
  just make vaccination mandatory . 
  lol , so true ... it 's usually someone from lithuania or estonia as well , have n't seen anyone from latvia yet . 
  most serbs have switched to ketchup these days . 
  you are probably thinking of romanians , they are the real vampires . 
  this is about nato , not eu . 
  tell me about it . 
  thanks , there 's still a long way until then , but i 'm excited mainly for the fact that the chapters will be opened and closed - that alone helps a country a lot , even if the country does n't enters eu in the end . 
   serbia 's year after year of negative economical growth is n't exactly the definition of a succesful state . 
  except the fact that serbia just marked positive economic growth in years and finally opened eu chapters . 
  kosovo was never a state in yugoslavia , you are thinking of serbia 's province . 
  in the us , that means a lot and often . 
  haha , for you or for us ? 
  roses smell that bad ? 
  again ? 
  i thought the opposition guy was arrested ? 
  bottled . 
  but whose shirts do you wear ? 
   regime that was supported by serbian people what the fuck ... that 's like blaming all germans because hitler got in power and did stupid shit . 
  it 's been like that since 1453 . 
   better than just killing and banishing all jews and muslims anyway . 
  now , who would do that ... 
  nice too see that someone else knows the ottomans for what they really were !, 
  getting tired of people posting here how `` ottomans were understanding towards christians ... '' and that `` ottoman empire was perfect multiculturalism ... '', 
  cute girls ... what 's that guy 's story with the cross in fourth picture ? 
  [ summer music festival held in novi sad , serbia . 
  exit, 
  it 's the whole serbia hates muslims sterotype i think , because of ottomans and bosnia in 90s . 
   turks would probably be considered either like italian or greek , and thus white , or mexican ... and thus ... mexican . 
  except they are n't ... especially on this subreddit , turks are n't white but they are `` muslim '' or just `` turks '' . 
  that makes me angry ... 
  i 'd love to live in portugal . 
  croatian president has such an effect on people . 
  i do n't think people deny that it happened , most just call it a massacre instead of a genocide . 
  there 's also a small amount of people who say that it never happened , but well you have people like that in every country . 
  for an example , there are still people who deny holocaust ever happened . 
  how is that even related ? 
  afaik the whole party is, 
  what kind of fucked up logic is that ? 
  us reminds me of that friend or family member everyone goes to when there 's dirty work to be done , but when it comes to it , everyone ditches the guy to carry alone all the responsibilities . 
  i think he meant it the other way around . 
  some recognise it , others do n't , see [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b3/countriesrecognizingkosovo.png/750px-countriesrecognizingkosovo.png ), 
  since you know about tesla more than i do , would n't it technically be that he left austria-hungary , instead of serbia ? 
  serbia just secured independence from the ottomans after heavy balkan wars , the country itself afaik although larger than it is now , was i 'd suspect very poor and weary from the wars . 
  not to mention that there would be another war not long after , and it would explain why serbs `` did n't care about him '' . 
  i 'd say they were too busy dying for their homeland or saving their heads . 
  i 'd also have to depend on your expertise here on tesla and edison , but i often heard that edison would steal his inventions ? 
  i heard this mostly on reddit , and i wonder how true it is . 
  i do n't know much about tesla so i ca n't dispute you . 
  the fact that he was a famous serbian scientist is enough for serbs to be proud of him , and i see nothing wrong with that . 
  same reason croats love him for being born in croatian part of austria-hungary . 
  however writing `` probably the only person from serbia who made a difference in the world '' is offensive and incredibly ignorant . 
   nobody was supporting him in europe even though he had groundbreaking experiments and inventions . 
  so just like modern europe with its startups ... 
   do n't open your blic with frustartion every day . 
  that 's my plan ... 
  hahaha , i 've never heard of this portal before . 
  is it bosnian ? 
  thanks , and do n't worry about it . 
  it 's usually hard to tell about the other person over the internet , but at the same time it 's important to remember not to group the whole nation under one stereotype . 
  i do n't mean you specifically or anything , it 's just common for people to brand others based by their country 's history . 
   nevertheless , tesla left serbia because yugoslovia was a shithole that he knew would n't fund his groundbreaking experiments . 
  i can confirm , i knew him around the time yugoslavia annexed austria-hungary . 
  he said he had to check out this western world everyone talked about . 
  oh yeah definitely , help is help regardless if there 's something else behind it too , and it 's always most welcome - especially considering serbia 's struggling economy . 
  it 's fine really . 
  afaik , the only genocide in yugoslav wars was the one in bosnia . 
  i guess by genocide you mean there was a genocide which was about to happen but the bombing stopped it ? 
  i ca n't comment on that since i do n't know much about it , but i 'll never think that my country deserved to be bombed . 
  that 's my personal opinion though . 
  it 's frustrating opening blic every day , to see the front page just filled with scaremongering titles about ww3 , putin , islamists ... why not promote some culture and history , some interesting facts ? 
  some artists , musicians , actors , directors , writers ... 
  i do n't hate anyone , and i actually think allying with usa would be a smart thing to do today , i just made a point that america , just like other countries , do n't do things solely out of good will . 
  no need to take it personal and throw around insults . 
   source is kurir , serbian newspaper which makes publications like sun seem like serious outlet . 
  pretty much most all our newspapers , hahaha . 
  i do n't even know why i read them anymore . 
  aside from american bases being installed in the middle of the balkans ? 
  do n't act as if usa did n't get anything from it . 
  reason why even your `` taxpayer donations '' even go here , is because they spread american influence . 
  politicians do n't act out of the goodness of their heart . 
  usa . 
  for us you mean .
