  i think he meant bosnia and ottomans specifically . 
  that 's so odd ... 
  i know that the second way is considered more feminine , but i pretty much cross my legs that way most of the time and i 'm straight . 
  got to get cancer first !!!, 
  cigarettes !!, 
  they are like 2euros per pack , so better pack up !!, 
  i do n't understand the whole `` armed conflict '' merkel mentioned happening in case of germany closings borders . 
  who is going to get into the conflict ? 
  croatia and serbia ? 
  i doubt anyone is going to war over refugees , especially considering how tired people are after the last recent war . 
  what 's with this line of thought that the balkans is this war-torn place where people ca n't wait to jump at each other 's throats - a place where the sun does n't shine ? 
  you are taking life too seriously . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  it 's really not that much ... a native speaker knows about 20k . 
  i 'd say that you 'd need to know around 5k words and more to achieve fluency , but the way duolingo teaches you words is n't as effective as some other methods . 
  that 's a big if though . 
  i guess the same logic could be applied to german learning dutch or the other way around , though what about a german learning scandinavian languages ? 
  how similar are they ? 
  not even close ... closest duolingo gets you to is around a1-a2 level . 
  it does n't teaches you how to speak , it makes you type ridiculous sentences , and it teaches you only about 2k words . 
   is it because they were more likely to be conscious of their diet ? 
  i think it might be this . 
  meat eaters can indulge in more unhealthy fast food . 
  people who drank fish urine . 
  should n't it be in french ? 
  i wo n't edit it , let the whole subreddit know my shame . 
  let 's move to france and hope / u/dclauzel will buy us baguettes and beer . 
  yup . 
  he 's clearly addicted to it when he wrote just a second later that he could n't imagine his life without porn . 
  i think people underestimate how addicting porn can get . 
  i 've read some replies in this thread that some people are unable to masturbate without porn , and i do n't think that 's normal . 
  there 's nothing wrong with masturbating , but i think that too much porn can really affect you . 
  does n't matter , still in the balkans !!!, 
  everyone is a family in the balkans . 
  greece !!!!, 
  always greece . 
  also really love romania !, 
  bulgaria and macedonia get one kiss each too !, 
  gypsies . 
  are uk 's women really that bad ? 
  can confirm , looked at myself in the mirror . 
  france , italy , spain ... and if i went for another slavic country , i 'd pick either poland or czech . 
  well if it 's just the pinkie , then that 's not gay . 
  afaik germany abolished tuition fees, 
  can confirm , sounds like my uncle . 
  i thought romania had loads of it people coming to work there every year ? 
  source ? 
  okay fine , but none of that funny ottoman stuff !!, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/craiova_group give it time , we 'll get there . 
  oh great , everyone is turning miserable just as we are about to open the negotiation chapters !, 
  i think not . 
  depends what you consider under relevant , and even with that it does n't change the fact that eu = / = europe . 
  the way she combines english with french makes you really realise how ugly english is compared to french ... 
  probably not , but europe is a continent , eu is an organisation . 
  in eu , not in europe . 
  holidays mostly ... 
  i rarely if ever go to church and pray before eating , but i 'll go if my family wants me to . 
  although russia 's economy got worse because of the sanctions , russia 's military is strong as ever . 
  if putin wanted it , he could conquer all of ukraine in just a few hours instead of saying he 's innocent and that they are simply rebels in the territory . 
  ukraine is n't a part of nato , so nothing is stopping russia from taking it . 
  if you liked dexter , you should check out hannibal . 
  i have n't seen it but i heard that it 's really good , especially if you are learning spanish since apparently , it has many spanish-speaking parts . 
  wtf slovenia , what happened to your inner yugo sports genes ? 
  oh no you did n't go there ... 
  he asked for the explanation of the video , and why it 's relevant today . 
  fuck sake , do i have to add `` oh by the way we did bad stuff too '' on each comment i write ? 
  albanians are angry at serbs , so they are destroying their thousand years old heritage , churches and monasteries in kosovo . 
  edit : typo at s, 
   looking at this video is getting me the idea of that the ottoman empire was a better solution no , no , no ... 
   funny how you draw the line precisely when it suits you . 
  i was n't the one who brought up pre-yugoslav era . 
  i was n't the one who mentioned ww2 . 
   what happened in the '90s however had nothing to do with ww2 . 
  although true , some of it is easily traced back to ww2 and the crimes against serbs from the side of nazi croatia . 
  or will you write that those genocidal crimes are justified ? 
  what i mean to say is that because of the actions from the ww2 , there was still bad blood between the people living in yugoslavia , which only helped fuel the war between the countries . 
   the war was started by a serbian nationalists who assassinated the next leader of another country . 
  archduke 's assassination was just an excuse . 
  war was going to start one way or another , and one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  pre-ww1 is irrelevant in modern age . 
  i 'd also say that ww2 is irrelevant as well . 
  but if we are going with ww1 , serbs have suffered more than any other country in the world during that war . 
   to be honest when the serbs did this they engage in mass rape , mass murder and ethnic cleansing so large that europe has n't seen its like since ww2 . 
  who are they to complain ? 
  yeah , and albanians on kosovo are so incredibly innocent , they definitely did n't get involved in any sort of war crimes . 
  or hold on a second , a war criminal is leading the `` country '' even now !, 
  we have every right to complain , considering kosovo has been a part of our state for over a thousands of years , and both culturally and historically often considered one of the most important parts . 
  but i guess you are not interested in learning any sort of history pre-ottoman invasions . 
   if the serbs want sympathy then they need to acknowledge their monstrous guilty . 
  we did so , and we 've delivered all war criminals to trial . 
  what more do you want from us ? 
  to recognise kosovo ? 
  that 's not happening as long as the same war criminals from the 90s are in kosovo 's parliament . 
   allowed the bosniaks to come back home . 
  serbia does n't recognises kosovo 's independence . 
  it 's not , and even if it was it would n't be able to be compared to kosovo . 
  savages . 
  thankfully not all albanians are like that . 
  yup , i remember reading a post here about i believe maybe ukrainians going to sweden to work , and after years spent there they still ca n't get swedish citizenship easily and stay there . 
  everyone knows american haarp is killing our crops .
