new sim card was n't activating, 
   if you display `` percentage of people that have a landline '' only , the drop would probably be even sharper since i guess businesses are more likely to keep a landline than joe t. random . 
  the drop would be sharper , but the overall number would probably be much larger . 
  families tend to share one , so a household of 4 people would turn from `` one landline per 4 inhabitants '' into `` 4 people with a landline per 4 inhabitants '', 
  a few weeks ago i used one to call my cellphone operator when it stopped working . 
  so they 're kinda like internet explorer . 
  mostly because that 's the colour of fire . 
  there are some candles with coloured wind protection , but the vast majority are clear . 
  there are zero lights here . 
  candles . 
   do you know how many adults drink several cups of high-caffeine coffee every day ? 
  they 're adults . 
  it 's their own problem . 
  russian media will not report this apology , so it 's all good . 
  petitions like this are kinda like praying : helps you think you 've done something useful and that 's about it . 
  if you wan na make a differene , write/call your mep, 
  thanks, 
  wat they just agreed to it today ? 
  they 've been building it for months now , some parts are already finished . 
  also , there is n't a single line in the article to support op 's headline . 
  in fact , it 's exactly the opposite . 
  in vilnius you can already buy a bus ticket through a phone app, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samogitian_dialect this helps . 
  basically there 's a region in lithuania where people speak a dialect more closely related to latvian . 
  i have n't had the opportunity to prove this , but i 've heard that older people from the region can hold a conversation with both latvians and lithuanians with approximately the same difficulty . 
   vilnius used to be the capital of grand duchy of lithuania , a multi-national old ruthenian and polish speaking country before the partitions similar things could be said about pretty much every medieval country . 
  also , i 'm not a fan of nationalism , and i do n't think the fact that the country was multi-national changes much . 
   by the beginning of 20th century it 's ethnic composition was mostly polish with large jewish minority , and little to no lithuanians . 
  in a period between 1918 and 1921 it has changed hands between germans , poles , bolheviks , poles , bolsheviks , lithuanians and poles again . 
  so much for the alleged `` polish occupation '' . 
  yes , it was a shitty time with lots of fighting . 
  what i said is just another way of saying `` poland won . '', 
  i 'm not blaming anyone . 
   nobody says it should belong to poland anymore though those hooligans clearly do , and that 's the whole point of this thread , is n't it ? 
  i 'm well aware that they are n't close to being the majority . 
  not sure what 's the deal with ukraine , but here 's an overview of the problems with lithuania : * vilnius has been lithuania 's capital for almost 700 years * it ( along with a pretty big part of the country often reffered to as `` vilnius region '' ) was occupied and annexed by poland in between the world wars * now there are polish people ( if you can call them that ) who claim it 's a polish city and should belong to poland , which makes people upset edit : the symbols are the coats of arms of those two cities , along with the polish names for them , on a polish-flag-coloured background, 
  russia needs * a lot * more than access to the ocean to gain any power projection worth a damn , it 's not that easy . 
  there 's a reason why the only country capable of doing that is spending 7 times more on its military than russia is . 
   moreover , it would require the russian postal service to actually deliver a letter to its destination putin 's place is the return adress on that letter, 
  yeah , i know  i guess i 'm a dreamer, 
  umm ... nope, 
  http://i.imgur.com/ovyhcpk.png i guess i 'm a dreamer most small islands left uncoloured , because i 'm lazy . 
  edit : i guess i owe a couple of explanations . 
  spain is `` mixed feelings '' because of my encounters with their basketball fans . 
  i know they probably do n't represent the spanish people very well , but that 's the only experience i have to base my rating on . 
  i hope i can travel to spain one day , meet lots of nice people and change that orange to blue . 
  greece is orange because of the `` just because you spent billions saving us from bancrupcy , that does n't mean you can tell us to change a few things about how our economy is run '' policy , as well as golden dawn, 
  tommorow 's headline : moscow says u.s. waiters working on bringing food to their customers . 
  of course they are . 
  and i would bet you anything that the us military has detailed plans of action in case they are invaded by canada , mexico or cuba as well . 
  all militaries plan for all sorts of things , it 's part of their job . 
  does n't mean anything . 
  oh yeah , we have that too , only directed at norway . 
  here 's a bunch of crap i 've heard , claimed by actual people , sometimes on tv : `` norway has a problem , because they allow gays to adopt , but there are not enough orphans to give them . 
  so what they do is , they forcefully take away children from lithuanian and polish ( i 've no idea why they include the polish people in their crap , but whatever ) immigrants for bullshit reasons ( read : beating them ) , and give them to the gays . 
  they do n't do that to arabic immigrants , because nobody wants kebab children '' there you go , homophobia , racism , violence against children , and a nice little hint of xenophobia , all packaged in one story , which quite a lot of people actually believe . 
  yeah , we 're catching up on the economy side , but people 's mentality is in the fucking stone age around here . 
  here 's another heartwarming fact : some mps recently tried to pass a law that would make it illegal for parents to beat their kids ** ( !!!!!!!!!!, 
  ) ** and guess what ? 
  ** they fucking failed ** , because of huge resistance from both the public and other mps . 
  shit like this is why i do n't use the lithuanian flair . 
  i do n't think they understand the concept of friendship between countries to begin with . 
  they have two kinds of relationships : bitches and enemies . 
   couch germany my sides, 
  especailly considering that there 's a popular local alternative : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_riflemen, 
  lithuania literally sent a guy to the eu comminsion to get rid of him , because his stupid ideas were screwing things up around here . 
  that does n't mean much . 
  been to russia , tried to communicate with an english teacher . 
  surprise surprise , she did n't understand a word of it . 
  slovakia is landlocked . 
  technically it 's possible to transport lng with trucks , but that sounds ... 
  complicated and expensive as fuck, 
  how will the delivery work ? 
  is there a norway - slovakia pipeline ? 
   the turkey of europe ? 
  that would be turkey, 
  just checked the brick on my charger , output is 3,42 a @ 19v . 
  that 's just under 65w . 
  granted , it 's not a gaming laptop , but it 's not a netbook either . 
  that 's an interesting opinion . 
  the way i see it , such plans should n't exist at all . 
  we can make rough estimates about what might happen in the future , but the actual decision should not be based on predictions , but rather on the factual situation at the time . 
  if they can clear up all that mess by 2035 - great , welcome to eu . 
  if they ca n't - they 'll have to wait until they do , even if it 's a few centuries . 
  tl ; dr : wait and see . 
  the kingdom was n't huge , not by a long shot, 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and call bullshit . 
  over 6k euros/year for lithuania is just fairytale material . 
  for example , medicine is 2.8 k/year , and that 's one of the most expensive courses there is there 's also the `` do n't have shit grades and the government will pay your fee '' system , but that should go without saying in europe . 
  now this just proves my point, 
  alright . 
  i was going to reply with arguments and explanations , but then i realised you 'd probably react the same way you did to the first one : ignore all the points , fling shit and act superior for some reason . 
   the baltic republics have successfully exterminated everyone who would n't share their hitler-the-liberator narrative of the 20th century . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean that . 
  are you talking about events during wwii ? 
  if yes , there 's a simple explanation : historically we always tend to kiss the asses of anyone who were opposing russia . 
  the `` omg , liberators ! '', 
  reaction happened with napoleon , it happened with the germans , and now it 's happening ( altough to a much smaller degree ) with nato . 
  one could argue that this thinking goes back even more , and was the main reason we got into the union with poland . 
  and it 's quite understandable : if you 've been kidnapped , and then somebody appears out of nowhere and shoots your kidnapper , you will thank him for saving you , not think `` omg , i bet this guy is even worse and will totally torture me '' if you 're talking about after wwii/modern times i 'm even more confused .
