  i am glad to see that someone appreciates what turkey is doing and is n't blatantly criticizing her over everything . 
  i also agree with what you said , but  because the eu currently simply * can not * handle the ampunt of refugees seems slightly off . 
  i think it 's less that you 're not capable and more that you do n't want to . 
  which i get , honestly . 
  i mean , i totally see why you would n't want more muslim , middle-eastern people in your country , i think you ( not you personally , but in general ) potentially see them as a threat to your society and your values when they come in masses . 
  now , in the same sense , turkey is also endangered : what was once a truly democratic and liberal nation , is slowly becoming more radical under erdo\u011fan . 
  with millions of more like-minded muslims coming to turkey , all that we as a nation had stood up for , had fought for , is also in danger . 
  we are losing our secular values i 'm afraid , and this sort of change is probably what you 're afraid of as well . 
  i think that a wealthy union consisting of 500 million can take a couple million refugees , in the sense that it is able to . 
  if a country such as turkey * can * , the eu can too for sure . 
  but at what cost ? 
  i think that 's what you 're worried about . 
  is the cost of letting these refugees in endangering the very existence of the values we believe in ? 
  sort of worries . 
  and while i think if done under moderation , the eu would just be fine ; none of the eu countries have the obligation to let in millions of refugees . 
  of course what i 'm saying is not an official statement and should be taken with a grain of salt , but turkey is quite a safe country , unless you go to the east of it . 
  anyone who has ever visited western turkey will likely agree that it is from a lot of perspectives a typical eastern european country , and sometimes even more developed if you go to cities such as istanbul , except it has many muslims . 
  that being said , turkey is not a wealthy country either . 
  how can turkey responsibly take care of more than 2 million refugees , while not draining its resources ? 
  how can turkey suddenly provide protection for a group this large ? 
  i think turkey could provide great accommodation for up to half a million syrians . 
  turkey right now is actually providing syrian refugees with shelter , food , clothes and even pocket money - it is treating the refugees better than most other countries . 
  but again , many of these refugees in turkey are not registered and even if they were , i do n't think my country would be able to provide help to all 2.5 million refugees with a certain level of standards . 
  i believe roughly half of the refugees if not more are not registered here . 
  however , turkey is one of the countries where you would not face legal discrimination , especially when it comes to gender-oriented issues which is a big problem for refugees who have fled the country of their origin because of mistreatment of gay people etc. 
  the ottoman empire decriminalized homosexuality , what , a century before other european countries did , and turkey ever since its declaration of independence has allowed for homosexuality and transgender-ity ( ? ) . 
  i do n't mean to drag this conversation to another side but essentially , the point is : regardless of what unhcr says , turkey is a viable option for refugees . 
  but turkey can only host so much and right now its running over-capacity - the bordering countries such as greece and bulgaria are now the next viable option . 
  watch this video to get an idea of a typical syrian refugee camp in turkey : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knbyo2kqlt0, 
  source ? 
  and do you mean incoming ( and recently arrived ) refugees/migrants or migrants already in germany ? 
  cause if it is the former i find that hard to believe and if it is the latter , that 's not even what we 're discussing . 
  move it back to turkey ? 
  fuck that . 
  it 's not our responsibility , you take care of that shit on your own . 
  just because we 're not in the eu does n't mean we 're going to act as the garbage man of europe , collecting whatever you guys do n't want . 
  we already have 2-3 million refugees , we do n't need anymore of this . 
  the maths just does n't add up . 
  all of syria 's population is less than 40 % of germany 's population . 
  makes sense i suppose . 
  but that 's mainly because western people often see ypg and pkk as one entity , while they are entirely different . 
  the kurds are very diverse in their aims and anyone with decent knowledge of the situation will know that one can not simply support the `` kurds '' . 
  do you support the barzani backed kurds ( iraq regional government ) who despises pkk ? 
  do you support ypg who fights in syria or pkk who has terrorists who blows themselves up in turkey ? 
  point is , you ca n't exactly support the `` kurds '' , you can support their militant groups however . 
  turkey no longer wants full eu membership . 
  i think at this point we do n't deserve to join it either ( a decade or so ago we definitely did , we were more progressive than most european countries and were wealthier than many ) . 
  what turkey wants european investments and trade establishments in/for turkey . 
  what turkey wants is to gain more political respect and acknowledgment of the of the good things it has done . 
  how did you relate that to supporting kurds ? 
  in istanbul and western cities like that , majority of the people love ataturk . 
  damn what a sight . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skull_tower someone on their side pretty much blew everyone up by shooting into a powder magazine , enemies and fellow soldiers alike . 
  the people whose skulls are there were killed by someone on their side . 
  the more you know . 
  you have neckbeards in every country . 
  looks nicer this way , also allows us to observe any patterns that might exist . 
  no need to hate . 
  i found the first 10 or so comments to be very level-headed actually . 
  i doubt that , and even if you were right , we still would n't be able to read it . 
   the demographic survival of my people . 
  who is `` your people '' ? 
  you 're bulgarian , not british . 
  not really , at the cinemas it 's subtitled for the most part . 
  only when a film is broadcasted on tv is it dubbed . 
  which turkish city ? 
  you hardly see any hijabs in izmir , but you see a lot in konya . 
  such a comment like the one you 're making is baseless . 
   i 'd doubt that turkey has a very strong army turkish army is stronger than the german army . 
  you 're basing your opinion on what ? 
  check any military ranking , turkey usually is in the top 10 . 
  globalfirepower lists turkey as the 8th strongest military power in the world , out of 126 countries . 
  http://www.globalfirepower.com/country-military-strength-detail.asp?country_id=turkey turkey in fact has very modern equipment , and many experts agree it would be able to defend its soil on a 1 on 1 war against russia due to its logistical power . 
  turkish army also has a lot of experience since it has been combatting terrorism in rough terrain for decades now . 
  a self-hating greek . 
  colour me surprised . 
  you should be proud of what your country has accomplished - does n't mean you ca n't see its imperfections . 
  the whole region is currently a shithole , but to say that it has always been a shithole is a huge stretch . 
  and to call the ottoman empire shit is laughable . 
  it was the strongest empire in the world for a long time . 
  what does that say about your nation though ? 
   it was shit must be extra painful being ruled over by a shit empire for hundreds of years then . 
  if it was somewhat good , god forbid you guys would still be living under their rule . 
  is it the roman empire you 're comparing it to ? 
  it was a great power in all aspects . 
  sure , the roman empire was larger in territory and stronger overall , but the ottoman empire , which considered itself to be the successor of it , comes next in terms of greatness . 
   he was sorta like the ugly one in her group , but you know - still decent , just not compared to her friends . 
  which friends are you talking about ? 
  yeah , there is the roman empire , who else ? 
  if the average empire is a 5 , the ottoman empire was at least an 8-9 . 
  how many empires do you know of that spawned across three continents for many centuries ? 
  such a ridiculous comment you 're making , and such a ridiculous analogy . 
  he certainly fucked our country up , but the events are n't nearly as funny as they are tragic . 
  turkey is not the laughing stock of the world , it 's becoming villainized . 
  it 's not like north korea which everyone laughs at - erdogan poses a serious threat to wherever he interferes . 
  the laughing stock of the world would not have one of the strongest armies in the world , and the balls to shoot down russian planes and enter foreign territory with her army . 
  he 's a crazy psycho , but he 's not a kim jong-un . 
  i mean , how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  because he has authoritarian tendencies ? 
  he 's trying to be more like putin than anything else , which in less than a decade he could be .
