   i said this thread was full of ultranationalists ( posted before i posted that comment ) all arguing a certain way . 
  that is simply a way of referring to a string of similar comments , not literally saying all turkish commenters were ultranationalists nor all of them justified ethnic cleansing . 
  ok , link to me two turkish users ( with their comments ) that are attempting to justify ethnic cleansing under this thread . 
  i was able to find only one such single user , and he never even mentions ethnic cleansing , just the invasion . 
  you pretend like you talk from a higher position , but you 're all nonsense . 
  you make it seem like there is an overproportionate amount of ultranationalist ethnic cleansing supporters under this thread , while almost all turks i see have n't commented anything close to what you 're saying . 
   the fact that in this thread that includes gleefully circlejerking and whitewashing about the 200,000 greek cypriots who were ethnically cleansed ? 
  i mean , talking about comparison , turks were also ethnically cleansed from the balkans but you lot call that ` defensive behaviour ' . 
  if you disagree with the turks being ethnically cleansed , that 's too bad because i 'm doing exactly what you 're doing , generalizing this whole sub . 
   nice whataboutism and ignorance bro . 
  when you do it , it 's called comparison . 
  when i do it , you call it whataboutism . 
   i accuse a specific group of ultranationalists of perpetuating a persecution complex and shitting up this thread . 
  an imaginary group that you 're giving visibility to , none of the top comments are like that . 
   which is completely irrelevant to the matter at hand and not actually an example of hypocrisy . 
  read up on that definition yet ? 
  i was n't done , jesus christ what a smug little prick you sound like . 
   very specifically not doing that . 
  i would n't bring up cyprus or the armenian genocide if you lot did n't constantly glorify both . 
  now who exactly is my lot ? 
   you have to go all the way to glorification , baby . 
  you sound so goddamn smug . 
  i 'm not gon na bother quoting the rest of what you said , clearly you 're an arrogant smug who creates imaginary arguments and exaggerates comments to prove others wrong . 
  all i 'm intending to say is this : there are maybe 1 , maybe 2 users ( none as far as i can see ) that are justifying ethnic cleansing under this thread . 
  you yourself give those people power , i had to specifically search for those people under this thread to find them because of you ( and i could n't find a single person justifying ethnic cleansing , unless you 're gon na argue that one guy who got heavily downvoted does so ) . 
  you talk to me as if i 'm one of those justifying ethnic cleansing and genocide , you call those ultranationalists you 're so obsessed with `` your lot '' , you have this smug , your argument is stupid attitude , and you bring up the armenian issue over and over again on a completely unrelated thread . 
  if you see stupid comments by those ultranationalists , reply to them . 
  here , you 're talking to me , mentioning all these ultranationalists flooding under the thread , praising and glorifying ethnic cleansing , but i look under the thread and i see none !, 
  if you had a tone of respect in your language , i would be willing to continue this argument . 
  instead , i 'm gon na choose to believe you 're a racist geert wilder supporter who is proud of his black piets ( as your whole tradition is glorifying slavery ) like you chose to categorize me with those ultranationalists who are supposedly under this thread in big numbers . 
   i said ethnic cleansing , not genocide . 
  ethnic cleansing is just a euphemism for genocide . 
   and at the time i was posting that pretty much every turkish posters ' comment here was some variation of ` muh glorious turkiy\u00eb rekt evil greeks xdddd dae think evil yuropeons hate us :( ( ( ( ( ( ( pretty sure this is your inner 12 year old speaking . 
   i was quite specifically referring to those comments which is pretty clear from the context . 
  but that 's not quite dramatic enough , that wo n't really satisfy your conviction that you 're being terribly persecuted or whatever . 
  you 're just speaking gibberish , being extremely vague and obscure . 
   i surely must be implying all turks love genocide even though it 's clear from the context that i was not . 
  i never said that you think all turks are like that , but you did specifically say all of them under this thread are . 
   yeah those constant comments on / r/turkey where you circlejerk about how the armenians and greek cypriots deserved it there is plenty of those who believe the invasion of cyprus was justified . 
  so what ? 
  and why are you bringing up armenia over and over again ? 
   how glorious turkiy\u00eb won against muh evil armenian just shut up already . 
  why do you feel the need to bring the armenian genocide into question in a thread completely unrelated to it ? 
  i say , you answer for your part in the bosnian genocide and your century-long slavery which even today is celebrated as part of your culture . 
  at least we do n't celebrate anything of that sort . 
   a bunch of ultranationalists uncritically glorifying ethnic cleansing and jingoism because their side did it , without a smidgen of critical thinking or any attempt at a genuine dialogue . 
  big words . 
  from what i can see , most turkish people on this thread do not even mention ethnic cleansing . 
   all plenty fascist features . 
  all regularly on show in / r/turkey and threads like these . 
  for every one such comment you can link to me , i can link to you five others under this thread who claim nothing of that sort . 
   learn what the term hypocrite you are a hypocrite yourself . 
  you 're generalizing a whole group of people , mocking their intelligence using the only way you know how , by talking like your inner 12 year old . 
  then you accuse us of generalizing all other europeans , making us look like the victim under their prejudice . 
  you 're especially a hypocrite because you know your country has committed many crimes against humanity and yet you have the face to repeat our mistakes over and over again . 
   i 'm an evil pretentious hypocritical two-faced european racist outsider turkophobe or whatever fanciful image you have of everyone and anyone who 's ever critical of anything turkish . 
  it 's not about being critical of anything turkish . 
  it 's the fact that whenever we mention that we have suffered under the hands of others , people like yourself feel the need to bring up the people who may have suffered under us . 
  because the innocent people who got massacred by the cypriots do n't count because of the armenian genocide or whatever kind of logic makes you guys bring up the armenian genocide all the time . 
  from now on , seeing as you do that , i expect nothing less of you than to justify to me your crimes . 
  just the fact that you and i are having this conversation about the turkish atrocities under this thread and not the atrocities committed against turks is telling enough . 
  instead of feeling remorse for those massacred by the cypriots , and every innocent person who lost their lives as a result of this war , you have to remind the whole world that it is in fact us who are evil . 
   no one cares about turkey maybe you do n't , pretty sure turkey was being talked about long before erdogan came to power . 
   really does n't seem like it here . 
  show some examples of us getting offended because people fought against us . 
   all justifying and glorifying ethnic cleansing yeah we 're all justifying and glorifying genocide !, 
  nice generalization you 're making , i 'm sure you would n't be very happy if whenever you commented anything under your flair , people would mention the atrocities committed by the dutch and the part they took in the bosnian genocide . 
  we are n't in favour of ethnic cleansing , it 's an awful act . 
  you 're just making up silly fictional arguments and assume that for whatever reason we 're all blood thirsty genocidal freaks . 
  sorry that we 've suffered under the hands of crazy radicals just as much !, 
   pseudo-fascism learn what fascism means . 
  pretentious hypocrite . 
  we 're just pointing out that all of you are hypocritical fucks . 
  western europeans have committed some of the biggest genocides in the world , some of the most barbaric and inhumane events have occured in the hands of those who today celebrate our suffering and shove our atrocities in our face whenever we raise our voice . 
  sure we 've committed some awful acts , but let me promise you none of you are any more innocent than we are . 
  so take your self righteousness and shove it up . 
  you know quite well that we are n't offended that people fought against us in history . 
   cleansed 200,000 people sources ? 
  lol what does this prove ? 
   most are gypsies with bulgarian or romanian citizenship . 
  aka bulgarians and romanians . 
   muslims are anti-semitic majority the muslims in western europe are arabs , which are semites themselves . 
  they 're not anti-semitic , they 're simply anti-jew . 
  neighbouring countries like montenegro and serbia with their high living standards ? 
  like in bosnia where half the population is muslim ? 
   show me any survey were average people actually predict small percentage values correct on social issues what sort of social issues ? 
  the survey is n't dumb at all . 
  two wrongs make a right since when ? 
  and turkey . 
  / u/electro-n has a built-in receptor that notifies him whenever turkey is mentioned on this subreddit, 
  judaism is a religion , jews are an ethnic group . 
  not all jews are practicing judaism . 
  what would happen if a german leader asked a crowd of his supporters whether they want more or less jews in this country , and say `` we 'll make that happen '' ? 
  i 'm not saying wilders admires hitler or anything of that sort , but i think it 's good his statement was taken to court . 
  his statement was absurd . 
  he did n't say `` criminal moroccans '' , he did n't say `` illegal immigrant moroccans '' , he said `` moroccans '' . 
  that 's targeting an ethnic group for the problems of a country , a very dangerous thing to do . 
  not saying he 's wrong . 
  i 'm sure immigrants do cause a lot of problems . 
  or even , i would understand the sentiment that they want a mono-ethnic society and they 're afraid of their culture dying out etc.
