  you are not the 8th biggest economy in the world , that 's false . 
  that is only the case when the gdp is n't adjusted for inflation , which is very misleading . 
  otherwise you are 12th , which is still good do n't get me wrong , but remember you 're in the middle of a very developed continent , in the strongest and wealthiest economic and political union in the world , so it 's hardly an accomplishment , especially considering the large population of italy . 
  gdp/ppp per capita wise , italy is the 32nd in the world . 
   yes , historically , also syria and tunisia and , more recently , the us and canada have been heavily involved in europe , nevertheless they 're not european afaik . 
  tunisia and syria certainly did not have the kind of involvement turkey ( and it 's previous empires ) and russia did . 
  first and foremost , both russia and turkey have had/have lands in europe . 
  though not entirely in europe , both countries are at least partially in europe . 
  syria is basically an artificial country , and tunisia did n't have any strong ties with europe unless you consider getting invaded by france so . 
  turkey and russia fought wars on europe , have very strong economic and political ties with eu ( well , russia not anymore , but still ) and again , the most important part : both countries are at least partially in europe . 
  even the orthodox church is based in turkey ( istanbul ) and continues to function there . 
  turkey may not be as european as germany but from many perspectives , it is a european country , as is russia . 
  i would say that russia has an even stronger case for this , but i 'm not russian so i ca n't speak for them . 
   my username refers to how what was done in the past by few people will always echo through history . 
  this is evident when looking at how , from napoleon to the us the organisation of the state was always based on the roman model . 
  i 'm certainly not calling for a rebirth of the roman empire , mussolini already tried that and it was n't very successful . 
  yeah that comment of mine was a bit unnecessary . 
  apologies . 
  i mean no offense and i absolutely do n't think italy is a weak country , but i think economically especially recently ( past decade ) it has been significantly under-performing . 
  otherwise though , italy does have big influence but again , the economy might be the reason why the chinese are saying this . 
  if i was asked though i certainly would n't list italy as a weak country . 
   4th biggest economy and military in europe yeah well you have the 4th biggest population in the eu ( by far , 15 million more people than the following country ) so it 's not anything spectacular to have a big military or economy . 
  italy 's economy is absolutely failing , and it 's military is n't anything special ( you guys do n't even make it to the top 15 of the world ) . 
  now you may call russia and turkey asian countries as much as you please , but historically both countries have been intimately involved in european matters , moreso than any other region . 
  i 'm not saying italy is very weak , but at this point it really does n't have much . 
  judging from your username , you 're still holding on to the past , to the mighty roman empire , but those times are over . 
   i knew you 'll get rude i 'm sorry , did n't mean to be rude . 
  what was it that made me sound rude though ? 
   it 's not my problem that international media has the wrong numbers and you claim those massive organizations that actually do this as a job have wrong numbers , but you as an individual have the right numbers ? 
  if you would provide some sources or at least translate the important bits of the german sources you provided , i could agree with you . 
  but i repeat , it is impossible for germany to have 2,5 million refugees right now . 
  it 's almost impossible for germaby to even have half that amount . 
   i ca n't stand this topic anymore why ? 
  because you know you ca n't prove your claims ? 
  i ca n't read those articles because i do n't speak german , but i know for a fact that germany can not possibly have 2,5 million syrian refugees . 
  it just does n't add up . 
   people that use wikipedia as a source of valiable information yeah , this typical `` muh wikipedia is not reliable '' circlejerk . 
  i knew you were n't the brightest , so in my previous post i provided another link other than wikipedia , which was the source that wikipedia used for that article . 
  i 'll link it to you again , but just so you know you could 've done this yourself , in wikipedia all facts have sources cited in brackets like this -  [ 1 ] etc. 
  but again here is the source wikipedia used to come up with germany 's refugee number : http://mediendienst-integration.de/artikel/wie-viele-syrer-sind-nach-deutschland-gekommen.html oh and also , the 1,1 million is the * planned * amount . 
  not the actual amount . 
  and in countries like turkey , you have a high number of undocumented refugees because they just sneak in through the border , but for germany they ca n't do that , so germany has a very little number of undocumented refugees . 
  uh , it 's up to you to prove your claim . 
  also , you said german sites and i do n't read german . 
  edit : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war it says here that in july 2015 germany had 151,000 syrian refugees . 
  turkey alone has 2,2 million and has the most , it 's absolute bullshit that germany has 2,5 million . 
  heck , there are 4,4 million syrian refugees , how could germany possibly host 2,5 million of them ? 
  read this if you still do n't believe me : http://mediendienst-integration.de/artikel/wie-viele-syrer-sind-nach-deutschland-gekommen.html so yeah , how about you send me those sources ? 
  okay well cite them then ? 
  haha no it has n't . 
  do you have any sources to prove your claim anyhow ? 
  just so you know , turkey on its own has the most refugees by far and it barely has 2.5 million refugees itself . 
  when you see armies of refugees flooding into countries on tv , the average person is inclined to be more worried about immigration . 
  i do n't know how it is in finland but it seems like all the mainstream media does is talk about refugees , refugees and refugees while barely ever touching upon economic issues . 
  it 's really sad , but it is what it is . 
  pretty sure everyone is raising their concerns about immigration . 
  but when people talk about much more serious issues ( in my opinion ) such as climate change , nobody even cares to listen . 
  climate change is an issue that is disregarded so much , and i promise you for every 1 household that argues about and discusses climate change , 50 of them do so for immigration . 
  what is eu4 again ? 
   migrants on average commit more crimes not saying you 're wrong , but do you have any sources to back up this claim ? 
  are you claiming germany has/is planning to get 2.5 million refugees ? 
  only paper bills, 
  well , i 'm not saying turkey is perfect . 
  i know my government is f-d up , i know there 's an insane amount of idiots in my country , etc. 
  but that does n't take away the fact that fgm and honor killings is almost exclusively a kurdish thing , at least in turkey . 
  you can also call it liberation of anatolia from the armenians when it comes to the armenian genocide if that 's how we 're gon na play this game , it 's all semantics . 
  euphemisms of it does n't make it any less worse . 
   i 'm sure the russians feel extremely guilty over their nazi genocide . 
  are you serious ? 
   and there is your problem . 
  maybe if you gave these people some autonomy and self respect you would n't have these problems . 
  we respect kurdish people , but why would we give them independence ? 
  it 's our land , my ancestors fought for it . 
  turkish and kurdish people live together in turkey but why exactly would turkey give them independence ? 
  next thing you know we have to split up every major country into three-four . 
   with turkish support for isis and the kurds actually being the boots on the ground you do realize there are dozens of different kurdish militant groups ? 
  how can you just dump them into one group ? 
  are you aware of the kurdish female genital mutilation , honor killings , etc. 
  in south-eastern turkey ? 
  fyi , turkey arms and trains kurdish peshmerga which fights isis . 
  also , it 's ridiculous how you can actually blame turkey for the terrorism pkk causes , instead of blaming pkk itself . 
  terrorist sympathizer is what you are , no less . 
  islam is one reason , the other reason is because they 're pretty much idiots who believe in the idea of bringing the ottoman empire back and such . 
  having lived in the netherlands , i observed that these turkish people are no longer really turkish , or maybe they 're too turkish in that they refuse to change and uphold to old , conservative values ( probably because of isolation from their home country ) . 
  erdo\u011fan knows how to manipulate the uneducated folks , and makes them think he made turkey a superpower everyone fears . 
  it also does n't help that most turkish immigrants living in europe are descendants of peasants , which are notoriously uneducated folks in turkey and have always been a little backwards and tend to refuse change . 
  i 've literally seen zero pro-erdo\u011fan turkish redditors around here . 
  turkish kurdistan ? 
  never heard of it . 
  you mean south-eastern turkey , maybe ? 
  turkey does n't have an internal kurdish government like iraq with iraqi kurdistan . 
  edit : i 'll try to answer your question anyway , but i ca n't give too many details . 
  so as you know , there is a kurdish terrorist group called pkk . 
  they broke the ceasefire a few months ago , executing two turkish police officers in broad daylight . 
  turkey immediately retaliated and once again started operations against the terrorist group . 
  turkish military has executed some very successful operations in the past two months , one of which resulted in the annihilation of 150 + terrorists i believe , where turkish forces successfully destroyed the what was supposedly the `` stronghold of pkk '' , which was deemed nearly impossible to destroy because of its location . 
  anyhow , this is me adding a bit of my opinion , that pkk realized after these operations that they could n't continue the fight up in the mountains . 
  and this is not my opinion , they literally announced they would be taking the fight to the streets . 
  so now many cities in south eastern turkey have become conflict zones , pkk is attacking not only turkish soldiers/police officers but also civilians , and so to protect the civilians , people are not allowed to leave their houses in certain regions . 
  it was a dirty but somewhat clever move of pkk to start conflict in the cities where they can get supplies better , can hide better , and the civilian factor makes it impossible for turkish forces to just go and destroy large areas with air bombings etc. , but it 's also a move out of desperation and a somewhat dangerous one as they are now threatening civilian life and i presume it is easier for turkish police to raid their bases , wherever that would be in the city .
