  but the west of turkey and east of turkey differs fundamentally in how these groups are treated . 
  again , if the situation was as dire as you seem to put it , how could there be lgbt walks every year ( granted they recently started facing hardship ) and how could there be so many gay bars all across the western cities ? 
  also , how does being tolerant of gay people have anything to do with european values ? 
  when did liberal values equate to european values ? 
  your flair says slovenia , but poland works even better . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/latvia-lithuania-and-poland-worst-countries-to-be-gay-in-eu/ https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2015/09/poland-abandoning-hundreds-of-victims-of-hate-crimes-1/ if im not mistaken , the current polish government is very anti-lgbt rights and the parliament has defeated same-sex civil unions thrice this year . 
  sure , it 's not easy being homosexual in turkey . 
  but , to imply that it is dangerous to light up the mosque like that is incorrect as well , especially if said mosque is in a western city . 
  you can go ahead and copy paste a paragraph you read off wikipedia , and it 's not that it 's wrong , but you 're misinformed about the lgbt issue in turkey and because you see turkey as a backwards country , you immediately assume gay people face imminent danger here . 
  well , if that was so , homosexuals from the middle east would n't escape to turkey to seek asylum . 
  there are a lot of gay clubs in turkey . 
  to my knowledge , there has n't ever been a major attack against them . 
  this comes to show that even if some conservatives are disturbed by such lgbt organisations/events , it is tolerated . 
  so when you say , ' i mean come on ... ' , please explain further . 
  i believe your comment was n't well informed . 
  your country legalized homosexuality long after we did ( by a hundred years ) . 
  how would you know, 
  i edited my comment, 
  i stand corrected : the original number was 6 miles , and there was dispute all the way in 1974 . 
  turkey left the convention before 1982 , when the number was increased to 12 miles . 
  even before 1982 , greek claim was 10 nautical miles . 
  the issue with increasing it to 12 miles is that , if turkey is to do the same , territories overlap . 
  here is some information on the situation , which we both appear to be dumbing down : https://www.diploweb.com/the-greco-turkish-dispute-over-the.html, 
  actually , the greek claims of their airspace are unique , in that they do not coincide with their territorial waters ( 6 miles off the shore in accordance to united nations convention on the law of the sea ) . 
  greek airspace claims extend to 10 nautical miles ( 19km ) which is far more than the conventional way airspace is defined . 
  in accordance to the international civil aviation organization ( of which virtually every country in the world is a member of ) , which is binding , airspace and territorial waters must coincide . 
  i do n't know what eu said but i could n't care less , eu is n't an all-knowing union . 
  our version of the map is not only backed by us , but also by the international civil aviation organization . 
  i 'm not , why would i be ? 
  i practice my religion on my own , i do my own thing , i keep my beliefs to myself and do n't pressure anyone to join me in my beliefs . 
  my life is busy as it is , why should i add fighting radicalism on my to-do list ? 
  you think there 's war to be fought in every muslim country ? 
  that 's a nice gesture, 
  http://cdn.yeniakit.com.tr/images/news/625/demirtasin-korosu-h1430613847.jpg here 's a picture of demirtas with pkk terrorists . 
  obviously being a kurd does not make you a terrorist , but hanging out with pkk terrorists and speaking in their name does . 
  you guys as in the certain group of people on reddit who criticize anything related to turkey . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  you guys would find a way to shit on us even if we saved the earth from an alien invasion . 
  the referendum was rigged , please please let 's stop pretending that more than half of the population really was in favour of the referendum . 
  what a stupid question, 
  we would, 
   if it was rampant , you 'd be able to find much more content than half a page haha not gon na count but there 's probably like 70-80 different cases in that `` half a page '' . 
  i 'm sure there 's more . 
   you 're a straight up liar , and you encourage people to not visit kurdish areas well do n't blame me haha , blame practically any government website on travel advice : https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/turkey as you can see , almost all kurdish-dominant regions are classified as `` advise against all but essential travel '' . 
   but hey , i 'll be sure to make sure all my friends , colleagues , networks know not to visit turkey , where you people are all isis lovers and rampant animal fuckers . 
  two can play this game . 
  what are you , 15 ? 
  things i 've said are true . 
  most kurdish-dominant areas are not safe for traveling . 
  stop being a sensitive ass over facts . 
  same thing goes for turkish immigrants in the u.s. though . 
  because unlike those who go to europe , the ones that go to the u.s. are usually somewhat wealthy and well-educated . 
  it 's near impossible to immigrate to u.s. otherwise . 
  if only they were representative of the whole country . . 
  ca n't be bothered to find a source that specifically says honour killings are rampant in south-east turkey , but it 's well known that honour killings are a big problem in kurdish society - which was my point anyway . 
   i like the kurds , more so than your average turk that 's because you do n't know what the average kurd looks like . 
  of course , certain groups like ypg are fighting against isis , but how are they representative of the average kurd at all ? 
  mind you , there are 15 million kurds in turkey , predominantly south-east . 
  you would not want to go there , where honor killings are not only a thing but rampant , female genital mutilation is done , and where it 's all over violent . 
  as turks we are not angels either , but 99 % of western people have a distorted view on the kurds . 
  it 's a result of a very succesful propaganda campaign that you guys think of kurds as feminist vegan anti-isis fighters . 
  edit : people seem to think i 'm posting this comment with nationalistic intentions . 
  that 's not the case , kurds are really portrayed at a much more positive light than they really are . 
  this is not to say they are bad people , i 'm not even claiming we 're better than them - it 's pretty much factual that most westerners have a very inaccurate perspective on kurds . 
  so go ahead and tell us what exactly op is lying about in his post . 
  he has n't denied anything in his post , simply talked about atrocities committed against turks . 
  why is it manipulation of history when we talk about wrongdoings against our people ? 
  how is it a false narrative if everything he has said is cited ? 
  the post is n't about turkish politics , but turkish history . 
  while i find it cringy and disturbing that op called this a ` propaganda war ' , there is no mentioning of turkish politics and everything that was posted has sources cited . 
  not like op is making up stuff . 
   their mild stances on islamist-nationalist groups such as ... akp ? 
  they do n't really have a mild stance on islamists , and if you 're referring to mhp , mhp is entirely secularist , even if islam plays a big role on the identity of most mhp supporters . 
  but you 're right , they are quite sensationalist . 
  however , they have some really good writers like ugur dundar and yilmaz ozdil . 
  sadly , the only good alternative , cumhuriyet newspaper was closed recently , so sozcu is the only option . 
  as bad as they may be , i feel like a biased opposition paper like them is the result of government oppression , and i fully support sozcu for that reason . 
  not to say your points are n't valid by the way . 
  why do you despise them ? 
  the other people are replying to your comment as if the referendum results were legit ... 
  they were not . 
  stop blaming this one on the kurds , this was a rigged referendum . 
  in reality ` no ' votes were far ahead . 
  10 liras is less than 3 euros . 
  ca n't buy shit with 3 euros . 
  not any time soon , i 'm afraid . 
  officially the reason stated is the unfair rules of eurovision ( allowing germany , england , italy etc. 
  to directly get to the finals ) . 
  but the real reason is i 'm pretty sure the current administration and their backwards policies . 
  exactly . 
  i hate posts like this because it gives the election legitimacy , when it 's nothing but voting fraud . 
  there are 15 -20 million kurds in the country . 
  that means they make up roughly 25 % of the population . 
  hdp gets 11 % ish with the votes of turkish secularists , so that it can be above the 10 % treshold . 
  you can actually observe turkish chp voters voting hdp instead of chp if you look at prior elections . 
  so let 's assume that a generous ~ 8 % of the 11 % are kurdish . 
  that 's less than 1/3 of the kurdish population . 
  the vast majority of the other 2/3 goes to akp . 
  whichever city hdp is the most voted ( maybe with 1-2 exceptions ) , akp is 2nd and chp has the least , sometimes even less than mhp . 
  so i would say around 60 % of the kurdish population votes for akp .
