   do n't trust any russian i have plenty of russian friends , no country 's fucked up government is reflective of their people . 
  what are you on about, 
  never heard of that haha, 
  it 's my safe space, 
  semantics , you know exactly what i mean . 
  anyone should be able to express whatever opinion they want , so long as it 's not threatening or calling for violence etc. 
  western europe used to be the beacon of freedom of speech , but look at how you guys are tripping when it comes to matters you strongly disagree with . 
  `` historical fact '' is not really a thing . 
  plenty of historians who disagree with you on that it 's a genocide . 
  i 'm pretty sure you know next to nothing about the armenian genocide , and you take it as a fact because that 's what you 've been told . 
  the downside is that it restricts freedom of speech . 
  anyone should be able to express their opinion so long as they do it in a civilized , non-threatening manner . 
  we have n't tried to get into the eu for ages . 
  that 's just how izmir and ankara and even turkey really is though . 
  quite polarized in that sense . 
  yeah but you brought up eu yourself . 
  nobody but you mentioned eu , you 're basically arguing with yourself . 
   reality is never really balanced that 's deep brother . 
  seriously though , that 's such a pretentious and vague statement . 
  how can reality be something that is ` balanced ' or not balanced ? 
  it has nothing to do with democracy , so he 's wrong for saying that . 
  but it does restrict freedom of speech . 
  why would you be in favour of that ? 
  in most countries with freedom of speech you are well within your rights to insult a cop . 
  even in the u.s. 
  i can bet you a hundred bucks we have much more in common with bulgaria or greece than with kazakhstan . 
  our traditional folklore , our food , much of our traditions , many shared words ... we have nothing in common culturally with kazakhstan except maybe our language group . 
   historical facts rarely is anything factual in history . 
  and no , even if it were not so , denying historical facts would not be worse than denying freedom of speech . 
  denying the world is a sphere is stupid , but it 's a terrible thing to take away your right to think it is n't a sphere . 
  since it 's so recent in our history that the ottoman empire collapsed , we know where our ancestors are from . 
  for example , my grandma is from the capital of bulgaria . 
  she used to speak bulgarian but when they were exiled to turkey when she was 10 , she forgot how to speak over the years . 
  both my mom and dad essentially come from a mix of western thrace and eastern balkans ( except apparently we have one finn somewhere along the line in our family but i ca n't explain that ) . 
  yeah / u/911mitdidit says asian istanbul is more liberal , so maybe i 'm wrong . 
  that 's cause turks that migrated to germany mostly migrated from the east . 
  also , a lot of them are kurds . 
  you can change the colour from the settings . 
  that 's why i always say , we are easily one of the most diverse countries in the world . 
  that 's what happens when you are the successor of an empire that had territory over three continents . 
  the thing with the ottoman empire was that all the citizens were integrated and not colonized , so even after the fall of the ottomans , you still see such ethnic diversity . 
  ankara is n't really that conservative . 
  chp ( the progressive party ) pretty much gets the same amount of votes as akp ( conservative party ) . 
  some of the biggest gezi park\u0131 protests ( which were anti-government , progressive and pro-freedom of thought protests ) were held in ankara . 
  actually some of the video is recorded in ankara , but i get your point . 
  it is representative of turkish millenials . 
  if you notice , the people being interviewed were almost exclusively between the ages of 18-35 . 
  maybe you 're right , thanks for the insight . 
  i disagree with you , `` saglik olsun '' means more like `` whatever '' . 
  it is n't a negative comment . 
  she was trying to say `` i mean , what exactly is there that i can say about this '' imo . 
  edit : / u/911mitdidit yeah i 'm not saying `` saglik olsun '' is a positive statement . 
  it 's simply a neutral one . 
  yeah but overall , chp typically wins the european side while akp wins the asian side , does it not ? 
  that 's the impression i got . 
  http://imgur.com/ngbbijq european istanbul almost always votes for the liberal parties while asian istanbul votes for akp . 
  a ) that 's not the definition of society b ) much of western turkey is similar to this . 
  cities like edirne and tekirdag are even more liberal , european istanbul is on par with izmir and asian istanbul lags slightly behind . 
  ankara is also somewhat similar . 
  sure , izmir is one of the most liberal and progressive cities in turkey , but there are many other cities like that in that aspect . 
  izmir , it is in the west . 
  i 'm from the city this was recorded in , and it 's not any different than 2 years ago . 
  how could the society entirely change in two years with regards to what they believe ? 
  french and german subtitles are also available . 
  click the little box left to the settings option to turn on the subtitles . 
  do n't know if he 's charismatic but that video just confirmed my understanding that he 's a vile cunt . 
  he is not a likeable character at all , though . 
  regardless of his political stance . 
  i mean , you did n't exactly talk good about us either . 
  check the map on the right of the subreddit . 
  how does that sound anything like german lmao, 
  as is turkey as a whole in many maps . 
  does n't make mugla any less in asia . 
  probably not since there are 15 million kurds in turkey . 
  yeah well what is erdogan 's source ? 
  this is a much more sensible comment , you touch upon many right points . 
  i agree with you for the most part , but i do n't agree with you on that we are three fourths the way to becoming a `` fine '' democracy like what we see in syria . 
  only in the recent years have things gone to shit . 
  but it 's important to remember that millions of turks see ataturk as their one and only leader - which , as you suggested , may be considered a cult of personality . 
  but when things get too far , the secular , ataturkcu turks will defend their democracy as they have previously . 
  we have seen in gezi parki that a tiny spark can light the whole country on fire . 
  it 's not like erdogan has a majority backing him in this country . 
  his approval ratings are rarely ever above 30 % . 
  and not even akp supporters want secularism gone , and they 're the most religous group out there . 
  there are certain things that are ingrained into the turkish republic , and erdogan can not single handedly change it all . 
  his term will come to an end soon enough . 
  without erdogan , without an authocratic power , akp is nothing . 
  the current situation in turkey will last for no longer than until erdogan is gone . 
  that is not the case in syria . 
  get rid of assad , he 'll be replaced . 
  same with putin . 
  but there is no such person in turkey that can hold the same power erdogan is holding now . 
  and with him gone , much of the problems turkey is facing will disappear . 
  the new generation in turkey is much more liberal and open minded . 
  they back secularism and democrac much more . 
  things will hopefully only improve from this point onwards . 
  i know this is wishful thinking and perhaps i 'm being too optimistic . 
  but this is just my opinion . 
   it also does n't pretend it 's some kind of civilized nation we are n't a perfect nation but we are quite civilized compared to most of the world . 
  sure , in the past five or so years , things have gone downhill .
