  it exaggerates all the news , has a tabloid-style to it , posts click-bait titles and in general draws conclusions that are n't very logical . 
  their sources often are unreliable sources themselves and whatever you read on their website , they have taken it from somewhere else , they virtually have no original content and the content they do copy gets edited by them . 
  turkey probably did support isis at some point though , do n't think that i 'm denying that my country does n't have a clean sheet at this . 
  just saying , business insider is as far from a credible source as you can get . 
  not saying that our government has really screwed up though , cause it has . 
  i would , considering my country does n't exactly have a clean sheet and also because i think islamism should come to a halt . 
  you ca n't organize an attack at such a scale in one day . 
  i can help . 
  i 've got three monitors on , all different channels . 
  following the major french news accounts on twitter . 
  we were the sick man of europe once upon a time . 
  i know how it feels like finnish bros. 
  they still have some insanely fanatic followers though . 
  many people vote for akp in istanbul ( it is the biggest party in istanbul , but by a small margin ) . 
  so you 're right in saying that istanbul has many akp types . 
  all i 'm saying though is that the educated population of istanbul is too big to be negligible . 
  istanbul is home to many great universities and while parts of it are very uneducated , some parts of it are entirely the opposite . 
  it really depends on where you go in istanbul . 
  istanbul has a big educated population , and the secular party ( chp ) often gets the most votes in the european side of istanbul , and on the other side , it 's a close call . 
  but you 're right , in the recent years many people from rural areas have come to istanbul , and the recent refugee influx did n't help that a lot either , with approx . 
  2 million syrian refugees being located in istanbul . 
  still though , istanbul has quite a modern and secular population , but not as much as , say , \u0130zmir or edirne . 
  interesting . 
  i think such things are typical for eastern european countries , i 've heard something alike for serbia and bulgaria too . 
  atat\u00fcrk was probably not very religious , but he kept his religious life mostly private . 
  he was a man who firmly believed in western values and secularism though , he believed that religion should never have a say in the government and he believed that everyone should be free to have faith in whichever religion they wanted . 
  he was n't anti-islamist or any other religion , but that 's what some people like to say about him because he brought secularism . 
  his reputation in turkey is not overestimated . 
  atat\u00fcrk has and will be our one true leader , millions of turkish people follow his path . 
  it is very offensive to insult him - it 's our soft spot . 
  if someone were to insult atat\u00fcrk in turkey in public in a westernized city , he probably would have a good beating . 
  some of akp 's supporters do not realize that erdo\u011fan is trying to undo atat\u00fcrk 's legacy - and some do , and are in favor of this . 
  the number of people who dislike atat\u00fcrk for his religious policies is not that small , i 'm afraid . 
  but some people just are n't aware of it . 
   do i understand correctly that they are actually istanbul people , a minority and a large part of the country is actually uneducated countryside people that vote erdogan ? 
  well , i would n't necessarily call them `` istanbul people '' , but i can see where you 're coming from . 
  turkey has many secular cities , some even more modern and secular than istanbul ( i.e. 
  google \u0130zmir , the most secular and liberal city in turkey ) . 
  these types of people are n't the majority . 
  they are n't a minority either , however . 
  i would say that if turkey 's population was 25 people , 11 of them would be an uneducated erdo\u011fan supporter , 10 of them more educated secular chp ( or mhp ) supporter , 3 of them would be kurdish hdp supporters and 1 would be anything else . 
  take my words with a grain of salt as i 'm merely estimating , it 's probably a bit off , but overall i would say that while probably erdo\u011fan supporters are the largest group , they are in no way the majority and the secularists are certainly not a minority . 
  akp 's votes are on decline so if all goes well , i hope that in less than a decade secularists will be the largest group again and in a few decades , hopefully the majority . 
  this might be wishful thinking , though . 
  as i said , it 's best to take my words with a grain of salt . 
  there are no term limits for prime ministers . 
  this apparently is n't a law but a rule of akp that a pm can not run for more than 3 terms . 
  otherwise , you 're right , there are n't any limits set by law . 
  apologies . 
  source : http://www.sabah.com.tr/galeri/turkiye/ak-partide-en-fazla-3-donem-kuralina-takilacak-vekiller however , apparently akp has removed this rule a couple months ago . 
  source : http://www.radikal.com.tr/politika/ve-ak-partide-3-donem-kurali-kalkti-1432915/, 
   is n't this done through a referendum ? 
  i assume it means modifinfg the constitution ... surely it wo n't go through ... 
  i hope . 
  he does n't necessarily have to do a referendum . 
  he needs absolute majority in the parliament , which he failed to get after the last elections ( currently , akp , erdo\u011fan 's party is not the majority but a coalition can not be formed either because of the lack of compatibility of the parties ) . 
  we are having new elections in a month , if akp gets absolute majority in the parliament then he will be able to grant himself more powers . 
  i highly doubt this will happen though , because current polls show that akp 's votes are on decline . 
  but i also think erdo\u011fan rigs the elections so you can never know . 
   so ... it does n't really matter . 
  just like it did n't matter that medvedev was president of russia since everyone knows it was the 2nd most important man in the country pulling the strings . 
  yeah exactly . 
  well he no longer can be the prime minister , which is the most important position in our country . 
  he is the current president but presidency is really symbolic . 
  he is n't allowed to run for office as a pm , that 's a done deal . 
  he extended the time for prime ministers so he could stay in the office longer . 
  he however wants to remain president and he can remain as a president for a maximum of 5 years x 2 ( you can get elected twice ) . 
  what he wants to do is he wants to give more powers to presidency so he can essentially become the head of turkey once again , except with even more powers . 
  as i said , normally , presidency is only symbolic in turkey but erdo\u011fan is trying to change that since he can not by law become prime minister again . 
  edit : few errors , thanks / u/cfsenel for correcting me . 
  we certainly did break . 
  i love my country , and i loved where it was headed . 
  with all the problems we had , we at least had a growing economy , we had a westernized society and were overall as people very close . 
  today , too many backward people have risen in turkey . 
  our country is segregated just like it was in the 80 's - the secularists vs. the erdo\u011fanists . 
  erdo\u011fan is slowly getting rid of everything atat\u00fcrk and turkish people used to stand for , and it is n't going to stop until we overthrow him . 
  let 's hope it happens soon . 
  it gets incredibly heated . 
  i went to an incredibly secular , westernized but also nationalistic private school ( one of the best schools in \u0130zmir , but very expensive so only the elite went there ) . 
  basically , if anyone found out you supported erdo\u011fan in my school , they would be disgusted and many would actually cut all contact . 
  this is n't exaggeration . 
  you either like him or you hate erdo\u011fan , and the mindsets of the supports of akp ( erdo\u011fan 's party ) and chp ( the 2nd biggest party , founded by atat\u00fcrk ) are incredibly different . 
  it 's getting quite bad , the seculars are often people from higher education backgrounds as well while akp supporters often come from the lower class , so even demographically the two groups can be very separated . 
  if you go on twitter , you 'll see the seculars and the erdo\u011fanists cussing at each other in the worst ways possible . 
  i do n't think any other country has anything like this . 
  i know that personally i have zero friends/family friends who express support for erdo\u011fan , which just shows how segregated the communities are , at least where i live . 
  i must say that those who support erdo\u011fan are mostly so stupid that there 's no way to convince them to see what damage erdo\u011fan is doing . 
  they simply refuse to see it . 
  i 've been discussing with them for years now , it never changes anything . 
  even when you present evidence , they refuse to accept it . 
  here 's a great video that demonstrates the erdo\u011fan-supporter demographic : https://twitter.com/konursokak/status/635834894829133824 here 's the translation : + reporter ( r ) : sgk ( a type of turkish government insurance which government workers have in turkey ) has apparently stopped paying for medicine x - guy : no , no sgk is paying for that medicine , those are lies , do n't believe it + r : but it has been officially published in the newspaper this monday - guy : lies , lies do n't believe it + r : so we should n't believe the official ( government ) newspaper ? 
  - guy : no do n't believe anything , the government is working perfectly , without any flaws + r : but the official newspaper belongs to the government - guy : errr government ehhh do n't believe the newspapers !, 
  well good thing you wo n't have to this time :p, 
  hope so , friend . 
  he actually gets less than 40 % of the votes ( around 38 % ish i think ) but unfortunately due to the treshold system we have in turkey , his votes raise up to 50 % s. 
  not really . 
  mhp as of recent years has become a lot less radical ( admittedly still very nationalistic , but not as much ) and the party does not express any hate for kurds . 
   hide your backward-ass religion . 
  implying christianity is n't just as backwards ? 
  and how are kurds treated again , remind me ?
