  i can , i know that such a thing would make erdo\u011fan much less powerful , turkey much more liberal and secular , and a country with proper human rights and freedom of speech . 
  so human rights makes a european ? 
  what an absolute joke , and a weak attempt at insulting . 
   stealing a roman city does not make you roman , quite the opposite . 
  since such ignorant comments are being made all the time , i suggest you read this piece which i 've coincidentally come by today : / r/askhistorians/comments / 49aiz8/why _ has_western_society_so_wholeheartedly_laid / d0qiry0, 
  and eu countries do n't ? 
  i mean not to open recovering wounds but we all know what happened in paris . 
  oh i 'm mistaken in that case , i take that back . 
  he never got more than 49 % , and even that 49 % was up from 30-ish percent due to his fear mongering against turkish citizens . 
  his real supporters showed themselves in the proper last elections , but because he got so little votes he managed to have a re-election after a whole year of fear mongering and got back to power . 
  your twitter page . 
  you 're obviously kurdish . 
  nothing wrong with that , but it 's hard to see why else you would spread this much ( many of it false ) propaganda . 
  oh , i thought you were ethnically german . 
  that explains it . 
  reading your comments , either someone hacked your account or you radically changed your mind about us . 
  checking your post history , all you do is pretty much spread anti-turkish propaganda . 
  yeah ? 
  what do you see from the elections ? 
  what ? 
  are you civilized or something ? 
  oh i 'll make sure to do that !, 
   greece must pay us now !, 
  that 's how lending money works  greece must care for the refugees not true . 
  quite the contrary in fact , germany asked for the refugees in greece ( those who already have arrived ) to be redistributed throughout eu countries . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/migrants-must-be-registered-in-greece-says-germanys-merkel-1456846515  greece should send us refugees see my previous point  greece must stop refugees at once yeah , what 's wrong with saying that ? 
  redistribute the refugees already in greece , but make sure no more comes in ? 
  that does n't sound anything less than sensible to me . 
  will do, 
  where is this ? 
  he 's one of the most well-protected politicians in europe ( for good reason ) . 
  heck , some of his bodyguards are a good half a head taller than him . 
  given that he 's nearly 2 meters tall , that 's pretty impressive . 
  jokes aside , he lives under constant supervision i believe , i remember him saying he ca n't even go out on his own and do the grocery shopping . 
  being trapped inside your house for so many years inevitably will make you go mental . 
  what makes him mental ? 
  it truly , actually is mistranslated . 
  \\  we \\  european union \\  serbia you 're tripping mate, 
  ah , good old turkish inferiority complex, 
   most turks support him that 's why he averaged 35-39 % on most of the elections to date . 
  and obviously 40 % is most of the people . 
  yes that 's true , but remember most countries criticizing us for that lack freedom of speech themselves . 
  take france , for example , where you can face jail time of up to six months for insulting the french flag or anthem . 
  funny enough , this law is n't something `` outdated '' in the sense that it was put in centuries ago and is largely ignored - quite on the contrary , this was put in place in 2003 . 
   smyrna had greek majority cut your bullshit . 
  western turkey ( such as \u0130zmir ) had turkish majority , which greece tried to annex . 
  also , greece also tried to take over istanbul ( through war and through demanding it from britain and such ) . 
  well , you guys did try to annex turkish-majority places . 
  remember how that turned out for you ? 
  why did we never think of this, 
  \\  pkk is upset about being called a terrorist group \\  to disprove the rhetoric , decides to commit a murder that should work, 
  my world map on my wall does n't seem to have that country . 
  odd . 
  oh we know , having held that title for a good century . 
  it happened like 2 weeks ago and i only found out yesterday . 
  nobody saw it coming . 
  it does get you high . 
  it is no different than smoking it , effect wise . 
  maybe the intensity would be different , that 's all . 
  that 's one true stereotype . 
  and also interestingly , we do n't have the `` tea drinker '' stereotype like the brits , even though we consume by far the most tea per capita . 
  oh well maybe he 's right . 
  maybe if you go to the more rural areas , yes . 
  if you go to shanghai or beijing though it 's very rare . 
  such a superficial reason to go there . 
  and also , it 's frankly not true . 
  there are many white people in china , so at most the chinese stare at you . 
  i went there with several other tourists and no such thing happened ( even with my cousin , who is 2 meters tall with blond hair blue eyes ) . 
  do n't think they got kicked out , but maybe that is the case . 
  i meant that tak pretty much originated from pkk . 
  former pkk members have formed what tak is today , and their ideology and goals are similar . 
  and it 's funny that pkk can be considered humanist since they are known for killing civilians and carrying out suicide bombings . 
  tak must be planning some awful things then if they are trying to go a step further . 
  i never said tak and pyd/ypg are the same ? 
  all i said was that pkk and tak are related , and i mean in the sense that many former pkk members have joined tak and that they have a similar set of goals and ideology . 
  i meant that they 're closely related in the sense that many former pkk members have now joined tak and that they share a similar ideology and goals . 
  pkk often carries out attacks on the same level of violence as tak . 
  pkk and tak are closely related edit : i mean related in the sense that tak is pretty much originated from pkk , with many former pkk members having joined tak and also due to the fact that pkk and tak share similar goals and ideology . 
  i 'm not saying that they cooperate today , i do n't know if they do or do n't . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  pkk said the reason for their attack was that the police enforcement was involved in the ankara bombing somehow ( which i do n't think is true ) . 
  i do n't think turkey moved in areas in syria until recently . 
  as far as i know , the identity of the attacker is unknown ? 
  you know you have a problem when you 're trying to figure out which one of the many terrorist groups have attacked you this time . 
  check the definition of terrorism : * the unofficial or unauthorized use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims . 
  * so yeah , it is . 
  let 's not start with the conspiracies just yet . 
  if nobody claims the attack , then your argument might gain more support . 
  thank you . 
   my absolute and sincere condolences to the families of the dead and to the turkish people in general . 
  thank you  turkey is in a war they declared against an organized , heavily armed and motivated entity . 
  as far as i am concerned , this act is part of the war and not terrorism . 
  just because pkk does n't have a flag does n't make it automatically terrorism , especially considering civilians were not targeted . 
  it does though , pkk is not considered to be a state and therefore any act of violence from them is terrorism , not war . 
  also , pkk does frequently target civilians , just because that is n't the case this time does n't make that much of a difference in my opinion . 
  also , there are more than likely civilians injured by this attack ( hopefully not ) , we 'll have to see . 
  hastr ordan :d seriously though , what makes you say so ? 
  i 've lived in several cities in turkey , nothing comes close to \u0130zmir . 
  i absolutely love this city . 
  sounds like you 've never been to glorious \u0130zmir .
