how are they contradicting ? 
  and i 'm not calling anyone names . 
  dalai lama in fact encourages the welcoming of refugees inside europe , and praises germany for doing so . 
  dalai lama merely says there should be done more than this - europe should help fix syria . 
  at no point does dalai lama say europe shoulf stop accepting refugees , he is just saying european and other countries should focus on fixing syria as a long term solution as well as accepting refugees as a short term solution . 
  he thinks it is the right thing to accept these refugees , and praises germany for it - but he wants more to be done , he wants europe to help fix syria on top of accepting refugees . 
  you guys are pretending as though he said europe should stop accepting refugees . 
   the current policy is that we should welcome everyone i love how some of you guys think eu is carrying the whole load . 
  you guys are welcoming everyone for shit . 
  germany by far is welcoming the most refugees and it is welcoming 800,000 of them . 
  in total , europe currently i believe has less than a million refugees . 
  turkey alone has nearly 3 million . 
  so do n't tell me that you 're welcoming everyone , it is countries like turkey , jordan and lebanon who geniunely welcome all the refugees in need of help . 
  most eu countries have less than 30-40 % of asylum acceptance rate . 
  many syrians are being sent back . 
  edit : i 'm not saying what germany ( and countries alike , such as sweden ) are doing next to nothing - i think they are doing plenty . 
  i just think - no , i factually know that you are again exaggerating . 
  for germany , it is accepting 800,000 refugees in to the country . 
  and it 's been like this for nearly a month now . 
  see , there 's our issue . 
  i 'm not saying it never happens . 
  i 've seen some very ridiculous shit being said , i can totally believe that people do call other nazis because of this . 
  with that being said :  we 're mocking the leftist mindest of `` everyone who disagrees with me is a neonazi '' this is bollocks . 
  maybe 1 % , probably less of the leftists accuse rightists of being nazis . 
  the mindset you are talking about is so rare that it is near damn irrelevant to even mention . 
  i 've seen way more rightists calling others `` leftist/liberal cunts '' for supporting welcoming refugees , than the number of people i 've seen call rightists nazis . 
  you 're making it sound like leftists calling rightists nazis for opposing the welcoming of refugees is common practice - while in fact , it is n't . 
  and i reckon we can all agree that ben affleck is n't the brightest . 
  the only people calling people who oppose immigration of refugees nazis are the people who oppose refugees coming to europe , pretending as though left wing / liberals frequently call right wingers nazis for opposing immigration of refugees . 
  only you yourself are calling yourself a nazi , however sarcadtically . 
  i 've yet to see anyone who seriously calls someone else a nazi for opposing the welcoming of these refugees - if i have , it 's maybe one in a thousand . 
  is it really that hard to read the article ? 
  unless you 're a left-winger liberal ( which i am sure you are n't ) you clearly have n't read the article . 
  idiots always like to comment on the headline without reading the article , and try to keep a whole conversation going on from there . 
  not calling you an idiot per se , but it is an idiotic practice which i feel is becoming way too common . 
  dalai lama is in fact encouraging europe to spend more resources to help these people . 
  had ypu read the article , you would 've known . 
  he in fact praises germany for helping those refugees . 
  even though others have pointed it out : i 've yet to see someone call rightists nazis simply because they refuse to take in refugees . 
  i think you are exaggerating by a mile . 
  also ,  we 're mocking the leftist mindset of `` everyone who disagrees with me is a neonazi '' by we , do you mean i ? 
   anyone who disagrees with me is a retard ohh , reddit . 
  you used to be better than this . 
  or so it seemed . 
  your money will go to helping people in need . 
  here in turkey we have 3 million syrian refugees and we feed them , clothe them , educate them , and give them pocket money , and we 're getting by just fine . 
  and also , you do n't see us bitching about it . 
  our population is less than yours and currently we have like 5 times the refugees you have , not to mention how much wealthier you guys are . 
   implying that you get a platinum key to a luxurious apartment handed to you  implying that your prospects are great as a refugee  implying that you wo n't be asked to work as a refugee, 
  several million ? 
  where do you get your news from , fox tv ? 
  it is 800,000 , possibly reaching 1 million . 
  turkey is hosting 3 million and has by far the most refugees , mind you . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm 100 % up for helping syrian refugees ( heck , my country hosts 3 million of them ) but when they leave , they leave . 
  no point in sending them back . 
  most are very grateful and decent people but some are no longer worried about survival but at this point about living a ( relatively ) prosperous life , which is totally understandable . 
  europe is n't mostly atheist . 
  only a select few northern european countries are . 
  even then , you got ta realize that having the same religion = / = having similar cultural values . 
  people from nigeria are mostly christian , but that does n't mean nigerian people share similar values with christian european countries . 
  turkish people , especially those in the west , value their religious liberty and secularism , they are nowhere near as religiously inclined as those coming from much less developed countries with almost radical ( not necessarily in a bad way ) religious views . 
  trust me , i live in turkey and we have barely anything in common . 
  that being said , i do not mind seeing syrian refugees , i do n't mind knowing that my taxes go to their food and healthcare and what not , i am happy to know i am helping people . 
  but all i was saying is other countries with much greater wealth and resources should also help instead of putting all the weight on poorer countries . 
  that , and also , nobody even considers the fact that turkey , at least on paper , is not a muslim country but a country with no religion ( secularism ) . 
  turkey is n't responsible of carrying the burdain of other muslims simply because it has a majority of muslims . 
  we all carry the burdain of these people because they are human beings as much as we are . 
  i understand why other european countries would n't want refugees but honestly , the constant whining about refugees is laughable since all of the eu ( population 500 million ) has taken much less refugees than turkey ( population 70 million ) . 
  we are much better equipped ? 
  yeah we 've got some mosques , is that what makes us equipped . 
  we are poorer than most western european countries , our gdp/ppp is as low ( or even lower ) than that of greece 's and slightly higher than serbia . 
  just because a good percentage of our population is muslim does n't mean we have a lot of common values . 
  i can totally see where you 're coming from though , i just do n't agree . 
  do you even know how many refugees you guys have ? 
  less than 1/10 of what turkey has . 
  just because you do n't see us bitching about it does n't mean we do n't have serious refugee issues . 
  there are no taking turns in this . 
  oh i 'll make sure to add that on my `` to-do '' list . 
  we are n't bombing kurds , we 're bombing pkk . 
  typical uneducated ignorant comment . 
  yeah send them over to turkey ( and other countries ) cause you guys do n't want them . 
  we already have 3 million syrian refugees , how about we share the burdain together ? 
  there are plenty of private international schools . 
  he 's dutch , so i guess it works too if your father is dutch . 
  i have dual-citizenship for turkey and the netherlands , mom being turkish and dad being dutch . 
  well my mom was n't dutch and i am ( officially ) dutch because i was born in the netherlands . 
  glad a greek friend is calling this out . 
  the circlejerk against turkey has really gotten out of hand . 
  i know these are in turkish , but i said that what i made was a rough estimate . 
  there were news articles all around stating that in less than 3 days 1000 + terrorists ( of pkk and isis ) were arrested . 
  now with all the other news articles i 've read with some of them stating up to 300 people going to join isis were arrested ( which i did cite above ) , and with all the isis camps being destroyed , i thought it was reasonable to assume that around a thousand isis members were either arrested or killed . 
  then again , as i said , the numbers are n't really my point . 
  my point was that turkey has n't done nothing against isis . 
  every airstrike turkey executes against isis costs hundreds of thousands of dollars , the fight against isis causes foreign investment in turkey to decrease and overall puts the turkish people in danger . 
  people should consider this as well . 
  sure , ypg has done more , but you should realize that turkey is the only country that keeps isis away from europe , and should receive less hostility and more support . 
  also , i 'm open to any more criticism aside from the previous inability ( or rather not spending time bringing together sources ) seeing as you believe what i previously wrote made me look dumb . 
  i could n't find one specific source for the more than 1000 arrests against isis affiliates , but rather it was a rough estimate which i came to by using multiple sources . 
  turkey has arrested many people that were going to join isis , but flew from a european country to turkey and from there aimed to go to syria but failed as turkish police detained them .
