  i do n't know if many of you know , but half of that ukrainian song is sang in turkish . 
  i guess we uh , kinda won too right ? 
  that 's not the only thing i took away from it , that 's the only thing i found worth mentioning . 
  the rest of your comment screams idiocy anyway , and your post history confirms that . 
  plus , you 're the one who says you guys do n't care about our opinions and yet you 're here arguing with us . 
  you 'll grow out of it , one day . 
  you need a daddy figure with a metal fist like donald trump , not someone who is rational and treats you like an adult . 
  that 's why you vote for trump , and you can deny it as much as you want . 
  i know it 's very unlikely , just not impossible . 
  people have beaten worse odds in the past and i 'm just trying to remain hopeful . 
  not true . 
  if he gets 65 % of the remaining votes , he will have more delegates than clinton . 
  and super delegates not voting for the choice of the people would be a disaster , one which i do n't think has ever happened before . 
   i understand perfectly well that more than half the world would gladly watch our nation burn so they can dance around the flames and then piss on the ashes . 
  sorry / u/trumpalicious but we do n't care about your country all that much , stop thinking the whole world revolves around you . 
  i thought you did . 
  my bad . 
  and you assume he finds it offensive just because he 's a leftist why exactly ? 
  he is an idiot i agree . 
  i hate it when turkish migrants talk like they know it all and they 're above us . 
  no , 18 % are . 
  the rest is undecided/no opinion . 
  think that was kinaye , sakin :d, 
  [ 70 % of turkey still wants secularism in the new constitution . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/zxgkm7p.jpg ) do n't make up statistics to shit on us . 
  appears to be the highest in europe , in fact . 
  i like to think it 's because we 're that generous haha . 
  do you mean dictator ? 
  also , a deal is made . 
  what do you mean no deal . 
  in a deal , both sides make promises and are expected to fulfill them . 
  trump supports the likes of putin . 
  who says he wo n't support erdogan ? 
  thanks for having some common sense . 
  whatever we do , we are always the bad guys , even though it 's the eu that is n't upholding their part of the deal . 
  edit : wow , today 's not a good day for my karma . 
  why downvote ? 
   yeah sure , a few do but this is not a usual situation at all . 
  relatively speaking , it really is . 
  as i 've mentioned before , especially in indonesia which is the largest or the 2nd largest muslim country in the world , this is quite common . 
  since you 're dutch , perhaps you are aware of the many indonesian women married to dutch men in your country . 
   muslim immigrant communities ( the people we are talking about , we are n't talking about indonesian muslims in indonesia ) oh okay , so now you decide who we 're talking about ? 
  the guy said muslim women , not muslim immigrant middle eastern women or anything else . 
  you just joined the conversation and you 're telling me what we 're talking about ? 
  come on dude . 
   honour killings sorry to hear that . 
  just saying though , honour killings is not something practiced by turks , it is something practiced by kurds . 
  those men were likely of kurdish origin . 
  i 'd provide sources if you do n't believe me , this is a cultural thing rather than religious . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing if you go to the section that discusses turkey , you 'll see the mention of south eastern turkey and how that 's where the honour killings take place , or by those who emigrated from that area . 
  not a coincidence that south eastern turkey is predominantly kurdish . 
   either way , if you study the case files of muslim women married to non-muslim me , you will see a pattern ... that 's a very open claim to be honest . 
  i ca n't just take your word for it . 
   how would yout family welcome atheist/irreligious men though ? 
  i 'm an irreligious man . 
  my family is okay with it . 
  do n't know why everyone assumes just because they 're muslim they should abandon their child for not being one . 
  again , i realize what is in the scripture . 
  i 'm just saying it is wrong to say ` muslim women ' as if that 's the case for all muslim women . 
  my only issue here is the generalization , nothing else . 
  most do not live in the middle east , though . 
  middle east only makes up something like 30 % of the muslim population . 
  that 's kind of what i was trying to point at , that we take the me as our basis for our argument even though the me should n't be representative . 
  actually in uganda forces similar to what you could describe as ` reconquista patrols ' exist , and in a very systematic way . 
  most of these groups have close ties to lra ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord%27s_resistance_army ) . 
  http://www.christianbiblereference.org/faq_premaritalsex.htm premarital sex is forbidden in christianity . 
  you and i both know most christians do n't abide this rule . 
  i 'm not arguing about the verse but its practice in the muslim world . 
  similarly to how sex outside of marriage is forbidden according to the bible but most christians do it anyway . 
  guess we have a misunderstanding here . 
  yeah , sometimes . 
  muslim women are n't ` strictly forbidden ' to marry non-muslims . 
  many are , but many are n't . 
  the way he phrased it makes it sound like the women who are n't forbidden to do so are small enough to be neglected , or even inexistent . 
  this has nothing to do with sharia law , let 's stop pretending muslims abide all everything written in their books . 
  i 'm sure christianity also has dozens of similar rules . 
  indeed , so i could say dozens of things about christianity which is being ignored by the majority of christians . 
   muslim women are strictly forbidden from marrying non-muslim men guess my cousin who is married to a christian american guy never heard of this rule . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  dude did n't say many or not even most , he said ` muslim women ' . 
  many might he forbidden but many are n't . 
  that 's like saying christians are strictly forbidden to have sex outside marriage . 
  applies to many , but does n't apply to many as well . 
  just pointing out the inconsistency in his argument , millions of muslim women are married to non-muslim men . 
  the status in countries like saudi arabia and qatar etc. 
  are n't representative of the whole muslim population , hope you realise that . 
  for example , especially in indonesia it is very common for muslim women to marry non-muslim men , in particular thanks to the historic dutch presence in indonesia . 
  admittedly i believe these sort of marriages might legally be challenging , however several ways exist for non-muslim men to marry muslim women there . 
  it 's quite a common occurence . 
  yup , check my following comments , i acknowledge my mistake . 
   turkey has no legitimate territorial claim over those areas . 
  right ... treaty of lausanne was n't signed for no reason . 
   the people there today do n't want to be part of turkey either . 
  proof ? 
  the thread on / r/worldnews has a much more sensible discussion right now than / r/europe . 
  / r/europe is slowly becoming worse , i 'm afraid . 
  good point , armenian highlands could be an appropriate term . 
  i just googled it . 
  but you initially stated `` western armenia '' , which was what i thought was wrong . 
  regardless , i see what you mean .
