  you do have plenty of them , but we have much more than you . 
  we have 15 million kurds alone , and our population is 70 million . 
  then that is n't a good survey that is n't representative of the population . 
  i still love you guys though , 
  in turkey , we have at least 10 % of our population who is kurdish and is not loyal to the country they live in . 
  if we were to exclude kurds from this , the percentage would probably be amongst the highest . 
  turkish people are some of the most nationalistic people in the world , because nationalism was the key component that held turkish people together after ww1 and during the war of independence . 
  countries such as the netherlands where such things were n't necessary will of course see much less rates of nationalism . 
  but when you know that your grandpa fought for you and your people , you recognize that there are many threats to your country and feel responsible for its safety . 
  stop being dense , you know what they mean . 
  they 're saying that having black skin disqualifies you from being swedish , but having white skin does n't automatically qualify you as a swede . 
  so yeah , they were referring to her skin colour . 
  nobody 's saying they should n't , in the same sense why should n't the woman be allowed to stand up against them ? 
   turkey does n't want to create a safe zone actually , turkey proposed the creation of a safe zone years ago . 
  many disregarded the idea , but today they slowly realize that it would 've been the best solution . 
   it wants to expand its control to syria , that 's well known oh , is it well known ? 
  to you , maybe . 
   turkey is closing its borders to syria at times turkey does , there is only so many refugees we can take  treating refugees like cattle https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezyfylogfdu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knbyo2kqlt0  no , intervening in syria is not the best choice . 
  leaving them entirely alone and isolated to sort out their issues is . 
  so let 's isis even gain more power ? 
  are you just trying to oppose anything turkey does ? 
   as long as we bomb them , more refugees will be created and the mess will only get worse . 
  they started coming long before the bombings . 
  they come because there is a civil war . 
   the only people who have business in syria are the syrians and those the legitimate government allows in . 
  isis is not one of them . 
   if turkey wants to make they world a better place , perhaps they could let go of northern cyprus . 
  ah yes , of course . 
  so that 's why you 're salty . 
  was gon na say . 
  there 's this idea that we hate each other , but we have so much in common that that 's just not possible . 
  i have a couple serbian friends who also say that there is no hatred between turkey and serbia . 
  sure , it might be tabloid , but it 's factually correct . 
  not true actually , use google translate if you will , there are laws in place that disallow discrimination against people of different sexual orientation : ~ ~ http://www.bireyselbasvuru.info/web/icerik.aspx?icerikid=59~~ http://tbbdergisi.barobirlik.org.tr/m2007-73-373 i 'm not gon na go and say that gays have it great in turkey , but it 's certainly much better than any neighbouring country to the east . 
  ottoman empire made homosexuality legal before almost any other country and was tolerant of homosexuality , and the successor turkey has had the same policy ever since its foundation . 
  plenty of gay bars , clubs and lgbt organizations in turkey exist . 
  you 're making it sound like we 're out there to get trans/gay people . 
  ask anyone who 's lived in istanbul/izmir , especially bursa , it is not an uncommon sight to see trans people on the street . 
  most people really do n't care here . 
  in izmir , we literally have a street called bornova sokagi that is known for having a lot of trans people . 
  edit : i linked a proper version , but there are way too many pages for you to translate . 
  if you 're not willing to take my word for it , i 'll translate the specific part that mentions sexual orientation . 
  anti-discrimination laws in turkey do exist , i promise you . 
  antalya voted 34 % for akp in june and after all the fearmongering voted 40 % for akp several months later . 
  guess you and i have different definitions of majority . 
  why would you call turkey a jerkwad ? 
  back in the days , turkey was pretty alright . 
  http://www.eupedia.com/europe/haplogroup_v_mtdna.shtml this website lists both y-dna and mt-dna and has a map for each of the haplogroups . 
  important notice : mtdna is n't really part of our human dna , it is the dna of the mitochondria *** the power house of the cell *** which happens to have its own unique dna . 
  much like y-dna , perhaps even moreso , mt-dna only tells us about the migration patterns/ancestry of population . 
  i think this is pretty accurate , do you mean a different version that is n't with y-dna haplogroups but , say , mitochondrial dna ? 
  but it says r1b is saxon , which albania and greece is obviously not . 
  would n't e3b be the one for you guys ? 
  tfw your comment makes no sense, 
  yeah , y-dna only tells us about the ancestry/migration map of large populations , it does n't say much about individuals . 
  since y-dna is only passed on by males , you could be 99 % ango-saxon and have greek y-dna . 
  hopefully !, 
  neither can italy, 
  eh many turks in turkey do care , there 's a large uneducated and ignorant population here . 
  we ca n't exactly blame erdogan for everything , it 's the bullshit laws and other people in charge that i 'm mad at . 
  to be fair erdo\u011fan basically is taking over the justice system so i get where you 're coming from . 
  fuck what have i started, 
  secularism is n't something you can guarantee ... it 's the way the system works . 
  secularism is n't something you can guarantee ... it 's the way the system works . 
  good deal tbh, 
  i know you 're joking but i find it absurd that they 're in the eurovision in the first place . 
  they have nothing to do with europe . 
  being completely objective here , i do n't think those lands are really recognized as palestinian by a majority of the countries . 
  not even sure if my country who has been supportive of palestine recognizes it . 
  sure, 
  how about we uh , unite the balkan nations again ? 
  no i get it man , your country is going through difficult times . 
  wish you guys the best . 
  that 's how it works . 
  you occupy a land , you set a government , it becomes yours . 
  is it unfair ? 
  yes . 
  but that 's life . 
  pretty sure every country is born as a result of an occupation . 
  also , what gives them the right to arrest and deport all turks ? 
  that 's like turkey arresting and deporting kurds . 
  cyprus is n't in europe ( not even partially ) and it 's native inhabitants are n't european to begin with . 
  my question is specifically for cyprus . 
  who should they arrest and deport ? 
  turkish cypriots were on the island for many many years to begin with . 
  there are also anatolian turks who recently came but you can not arrest or deport them because they live on the turkish side of cyprus . 
  so yeah , who exactly are you referring to ? 
  ah the good old `` and we 're gon na let these people into the eu '' stupidity . 
  do you honestly think that turkey would be in this state had turkey not been pushed away by the eu for decades ? 
  do you realize your leaders were sucking erdogan 's dick for so long that they are partially in fault for what we see today ? 
  turks are angry because they feel isolated and turned down . 
  your average turk was very adamant to join the eu a mere decade ago , but now your average turk wants nothing to do with the eu . 
  erdogan can now easily shape the minds of ignorant turks , embrace non-european and non-western values , and screw us over even more . 
  `` those people '' as you say , no longer want to be part of eu . 
  and there 's nothing fascinating about it . 
  the clusterfuck that my people have to deal with is partially because turkey has been pushed away far too long even though it never deserved this . 
   turkey is so fucked and they did it all to themselves . 
  to a certain extent true , but i remember the times when sane turks were trying to inform others about this islamist maniac that erdogan is , while all the european leaders were sucking erdogan 's dick . 
  back in the days , erdogan had a lot of support from other european nations and without it , erdogan would n't have been able to become this powerful . 
  moreover , if the eu actually pulled turkey towards herself instead of pushing turkey away , turks would n't stop embracing their european values and turning to their eastern neighbours .
