  presidents were mocked on satirical papers , anti-government newspapers reigned and really aside from the inability to insult atat\u00fcrk , everything was fair game . 
  turkey was never perfect , yes ; but it was an inspiring country that was very westernized and in terms of women 's rights and what not had a great record . 
  trust me , i 've seen the change with my own eyes . 
  my country is being destroyed , and it 's not long before irreversible damage is going to be done . 
  it was n't erdo\u011fan who reformed it . 
  are you serious ? 
  the one man who deserves most credit for this is kemal dervi\u015f : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kemal_dervi%c5%9f  turkey without him would look much worse today from a political aspect , literally all the neighbouring countries hate us . 
  our foreign policy is messed up , and anti-turkish sentiments are at an all time high . 
   it 's not like turkey haf much of freedom before , so there is no big difference wow . 
  you know nothing about my country . 
  if you honestly think turkey is anything similar today than it was a decade ago from the aspect of freedom , there 's nothing left to discuss . 
  taking a look at all the opressive policies he has put in place should be telling enough . 
  except he took credit for something he took no part in . 
  i 'm not gon na go into detail but erdo\u011fan almost deserves no credit for the economic development of turkey . 
  and it 's not like turkey was ever doing as badly as greece , and it 's not like turkey is doing well economically today . 
  of course . 
  i 'd do anything to return to those days and somehow prevent erdo\u011fan from getting elected . 
  that sucks man . 
  i ca n't see how tourists are n't valued in a country . 
  they literally bring money to spend on you . 
  been there a few years ago . 
  one of my favourite cities in europe . 
  i 'm glad we agree . 
  it 's stupid to hate someone because of such abstract things . 
  hopefully someday our people will get along . 
  you are perhaps right . 
  but does it really matter ? 
  i mean , you 're not even condemning the fact that armenians chant ` death to azeris ' , that they 're inciting hate to a certain group of people . 
  everyone attempts to justify whatever they do . 
  why are they held to a double standard ? 
  you tell turks to lose their blindfolded nationalism but you 're not even saying armenians like these should get rid of that too ? 
   it would be great that reasonable turks let go of blind nationalism does n't the same go for armenians ? 
  this idea that turks are always the perpetruators really annoys me . 
  nobody ever talks about the wrongdoings of armenians . 
  what makes you say i concealed it , prejudice much ? 
  diaspora nationalists are the worst . 
  i commented under that video on the swedish thread that i would like to apologize for what those people have done . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/4e6fi6/turkiska_riksf%c3%b6rbundet_i_sverige_h%c3%b6ll_ett_tal/d1xu9dx hypocrites like you are the real problem . 
  it 's okay when one side wishes death upon the other , but not okay when the other side does . 
  i was told this back when i was like 8 years old , and i was at a really nice hotel that had all these activities for kids . 
  so this chef was teaching us how to make pizza . 
  i told him i did n't like tomato sauce and he said `` a pizza without cheese or tomato sauce , is no pizza '' . 
  of course maybe he did n't literally mean that , maybe he meant that he himself would n't consider it pizza . 
  but that 's just stuck with me . 
  cut your bullshit . 
  azeris were not committing ethnic cleansing anymore than armenians were . 
  to dislike a country is one thing , to wish death upon people of a certain nationality is another . 
  for whatever reason , when azeris do the same exact thing there is a lot of negative reaction from / r/europe , but when armenians do it , people like you support it . 
  hypocrites . 
  probably tastes terrible , does it not ? 
  it does n't have any tomato sauce either . 
  i was told that if a pizza does n't have either one of those ingredients , you can not call it a pizza . 
  otherwise anything on dough would be considered pizza , would it not ? 
   having people come from turkey and blow themselves up how exactly would this bill do that ? 
  to this day , has any turkish citizen participated in a terrorist attack in europe ? 
  yes i agree with most of your points , although i think you 're exaggerating some parts . 
  there is a whole industry built to support jihadists ? 
  huh ? 
  turkey does n't support rebels and jihadists anymore than the western powers do . 
  mind you , many terrorist groups such as the taliban have been directly aided and weaponized by the u.s. and other such countries . 
  and while the russian plane shooting was a tragedy , you do n't violate another country 's airspace . 
  you may never agree with me , but turkey warned russia for * months * when russia kept on provoking turkey by breaching her airspace . 
  and seriously ? 
  syrians owe so much to us . 
  we 've been feeding them for months . 
  millions of them are in our country . 
  pretty sure any of those countries you counted still want to be like turkey . 
  for all the problems it has , it is a more developed country than most other balkan countries . 
  i think getting rid of erdo\u011fan will solve most of the problems . 
  i really doubt this visa bill will cause any dramatic effects . 
  when there are so many belgian , french , english terrorists within their own countries , why would they fly terrorists from turkey . 
  do you have any sources for this ? 
  pretty sure the bombing in ankara was not done by a turkish citizen . 
  also , countries like france , belgium etc. 
  have more jihadists that have carried out attacks than turkish citizens have . 
  so how is this any different ? 
  and our reputation is beyond saving . 
  wherever i go , people talk shit about my people and my country . 
  i do n't think it can get much worse . 
  almost none of those jihadists are turkish citizens , so how will this affect anything ? 
   young 21 white girl what are you trying to communicate here , op ? 
  i get what you mean , but your choice of words is rather peculiar . 
  thank god . 
  since arab is often used as a deragotary term in turkey , i 'm thinking those you met are just different . 
  why did they do this ? 
  if i was a student in finland i would now move to a much more luxurious apartment , and only pay 20 % . 
  that 's like saying d\u00f6ner and gyros is the same . 
  shawarma is not turkish, 
  many turks are bulgarian immigrants , so there 's that . 
  you do n't have to understand it , it 's just the way it is . 
  the turkish empire was a whole with many minorities , and the turks did not enslave mass populations of the places they took over . 
  the arabs essentially backstabbed the turks and cooperated with the brits to take down the empire . 
  i 'm not saying neither the balkan nor arabs are bad for what they did . 
  you 're right . 
  my comment should 've been more explanatory . 
  i listened to one of his speeches on foreign policy and the tone sounded similar . 
  it 's not meant to be a personal attack . 
  is this a trick question ? 
  historical relations , mostly . 
  arab countries are n't very liked because of what happened during ww1 , with arabs rebelling against turks , and also because arab nations are seen as backwards and too conservative .
