  i meant africa . 
  fixed . 
  what ? 
  what makes you assume he would integrate better anywhere else - what makes you assume he did n't integrate fully in the first place ? 
  the guy was most probably after a peaceful and decent life - i 'm sure if you had the option to escape from terrorists and go to belgium , you would pick that over going to , i do n't know , senegal . 
  nigeria is one of the more developed countries of africa and escaping anywhere else in africa from where you had established a life already would likely mean borderline starvation and life under very difficult conditions . 
  let 's emphatize a little , shall we ? 
  this is n't similar to the situation of syrian refugees who go back home to celebrate religious holidays and then come back to turkey . 
  if he had ever visited turkey , he would 've known you were right . 
  i would n't bother trying to convince trolls that refuse to change their uneducated opinions . 
  we 're talking about geography , nothing else . 
  and cyprus is hardly racially european , if at all . 
  cyprus in the eu without being in europe , and nobody seems to care . 
  we do at least have however small , a part of our country in europe , and even though we 're not in the eu we get shit for it . 
  seems like it is your opinion that it is not a genocide . 
  your pm acknowledged it as a genocide and you 're telling me it 's merely a massacre . 
  if i did the same thing about the armenian genocide you all would he up in arms . 
  i think even denying the holocaust should n't be grounds for punishment . 
  i 'm not denying it at all but it 's important to not close yourself off to differing opinions and perspectives , no matter how wildly they differ from yours . 
  so you 're proud of your genocides too ? 
  like the genocide in cameroon ? 
  why do you insistently compare it to the armenian genocide as if that is the definition of genocide itself ? 
  definition of genocide : `` the deliberate killing of a large group of people , especially those of a particular nation or ethnic group . '', 
  which in this case is definitely suitable . 
  moreover , unrelated but france has also committed genocide in cameroon . 
   the wikipedia page never specifically makes the assertion that it 's asia what 's this then ? 
  it literally says :  it is located south of asia minor cyprus is not europe . 
  i mean you could argue that cyprus is in europe as much as i can argue that all of turkey is in europe , since there is no clear distinction but rather an artificially drawn line between continents . 
  they often categorize turkey as a european country too , does n't mean a thing . 
  edit : http://i.imgur.com/okvtp4j.png literally every single map i 've checked puts cyprus in asia . 
  google `` cyprus belongs to which continent '' and then check the images yourself . 
  or you can google `` european physical map '' and check again . 
  http://i.imgur.com/l6n0j1e.png check each of the smaller maps on the top too . 
  i 'm not getting paid to educate you , it 's laughable that you even try to change what is pretty much accepted as a fact . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geography_of_cyprus cyprus is factually in asia , not going to argue over facts . 
  also , half of europe was under turkish rule a few centuries ago . 
  not something to be proud of , but turkey also has a strong cultural connection with europe . 
  do you know how many of the words in your language is turkish ? 
  having a small part is good enough to compete in the european championship . 
  i do n't see you mentioning cyprus which is n't even in europe yet is in the eu . 
  if you have a problem that should be it . 
  my mother is blonde and has green eyes , my dad has dark hair and dark eyes but his skin is whiter than average , and his brother has blue eyes . 
  pretty sure gocmen people can be darker but most gocmen people i know are white . 
  asking the question why would n't we be is more appropriate . 
  that does n't mean the descendants are inbred . 
  my father comes from a village in greece , while his mom comes from a village from what we today know as macedonia . 
  my mom comes from a village in bulgaria , but neither of her parents are from the same village . 
  inbreeding is something that has been frowned upon for a very long time . 
  it exists , particularly in arabic and paki societies but to a much lesser extent in turkey . 
  nobody 's saying allahu akbar . 
  all they 're saying is '' \u015eehitler \u00f6lmez , vatan b\u00f6l\u00fcnmez '' which means martyrs are immortal/don ' t die , homeland is indivisible . 
  turkmen rebels are fighting assad and isis . 
  just like ypg . 
  there 's no math to be done , this is n't an `` enemy of my enemy is my friend '' situation . 
  stop being an ignorant idiot , even in the article it is mentioned the turkmen rebels fight isis . 
  by your logic , usa and al-qaeda should be friends since they 're both against isis . 
  you do the maths . 
  how can there be more turks in berlin when istanbul has a population of 14 million and berlin has a population of 3.5 million ? 
  exactly this . 
  support really helps especially coming from foreign countries . 
  some of it is . 
  attacks happened in the european side of turkey . 
  hey / u/ps2viciado , if you could do your research properly next time and come to realize that the jet that was shot down was not bombing isis but turkmen rebels whom are in fact fighting isis themselves , that 'd be great . 
  edit : http://www.vox.com/2015/11/24/9792830/russia-plane-turkmen read this article . 
  you 're showing support and solidarity , which does help us . 
  white people died in this attack too . 
  heck , probably a higher percentage of the victims were white in istanbul . 
  bill maher is a nutjob . 
  if he has charm , so does hitler 's left testicle . 
  how is he far left ? 
  what term ? 
  you mean `` what is eu '' ? 
  is so , could you provide sources ? 
  without fearmongering and what not , on the actual elections akp got 38 % if i recall correctly . 
  and sure mhp does get 12 % but the voterbase is not necessarily backwards , the mhp voterbase is entirely supportive of secularism and ataturk 's reforms . 
  my whole family ( besides myself ) votes for mhp , my granddad used to be part of the party . 
  they are some of the most progressive people i know , albeit very nationalistic . 
  i 'm slightly bothered by how foreigners judge us based on the false information that they get from wherever . 
  seems like we are always at the wrong with whatever we do . 
  hah , i wish . 
  even in 10 years that does n't sound possible . 
  another referendum in 10 years then ? 
  it does n't remain to be seen , turjey was exactly what you described . 
  how so ? 
  something happened 60 years ago , therefore it is common occurrence !, 
  why do you have a star next to your name ? 
  i love poland and polish people , some of my best friends are polish . 
  this has nothing to do with how i feel about poland , or whether i think poland is great or is n't . 
  your great country just collaborated with extremist regimes like iran , qatar , saudi arabia etc. 
  to remove the decriminalization of homosexuality from a draft . 
  poland is in this current state backwards and if you 're too blind to see that despite all the evidence i 'm willing to offer you , that 's your problem . 
  great country or not , they are backwards and the person i replied to is hesitant regarding remaining in the eu thanks to the backwards policies of this particular eu member state . 
  i do n't want backwards policies for the sake of the eu . 
  i clearly hit a nerve with you there , well sorry if you do n't wan na hear the truth . 
  how else would you have preferred me to word it ? 
  for fuck sake , stop being so sensitive . 
  nothing about my comment is smug nor condescending . 
  where i 'm from does n't dictate how i 'll comment , poland is clearly backwards in this regard and if you do n't believe me check the recent bills that all failed in the parliament with heavy opposition , or read op 's article . 
  you 're being idiotic . 
  get your head out of your ass , we 're all entitled to our opinion and i 'm not responsible for the doings of my country .
