  but to single out a specific ethnic group ? 
  that 's crossing the line , in my opinion . 
  maybe in the past , but the salute nowadays has nothing to do with fascism . 
  people like to throw around that word whenever anything remotely nationalistic is mentioned . 
   the bible is a a bunch of crap glued together that 's now how christians see it . 
  you really have no argument . 
  do christians believe the bible to be the truth ? 
  yes . 
  does this mean they 're violent crazy idiots ? 
  i do n't consider myself a muslim but your double standards are ridiculous . 
  bible has just as much hatred and preaching of violence as does the quran . 
  how so, 
  we can both teach each other a trick or two, 
   turkey 's economy is not bad at all yeah sure buddy , rising unemployment , rising external debt , the currency quickly losing value , etc. 
  are all signs of a good economy . 
  this is like the 15th satellite turkey sent to space . 
  you sound like a typical erdogan supporter . 
  yeah your personal anecdote has much more weight . 
  your central/leaning left candidates pretty much fall on what europeans consider ` the right spectrum ' . 
  also , you 're not the victim here , that 's just funny . 
  can you not read ? 
   education at the three schools in diyarbakir , gever and cizre will be entirely in kurdish , the mother tongue of the people in the region . 
  they will be teaching geography in kurdish . 
  and people upvote you because your comment fits their narrative , but you 're simply ignoring what 's being said . 
  initiated in 2012 , set in 2014 . 
  it 's still expanding schools , there are n't that many as of 2016 but still there 's a sizeable amount . 
  http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/turkey/15092014 http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/ar/culture/2012/06/turkey-to-introduce-elective-kur.html, 
  uyghurs are treated much worse than we treat kurds . 
  can uyghurs go to school in their native language ( uyghur ) ? 
  nope . 
  can they even learn their language at school ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  do they have their own state television in their language ? 
  do they have their own political party ? 
  they do n't even terrorize their state , yet they 're met with violence and discrimination . 
  kurds in turkey , they face no discrimination . 
  they can go to school with a kurdish curriculum . 
  they can speak their language wherever they want . 
  it 's complete nonsense how everyone is crying about how kurds are being discriminated against in turkey ( which they probably used to be , decades ago ) but nobody can provide any proof . 
  i do n't know a lot of countries that let their minorities get education in their mother tongue and have their own state-owned channel in their language . 
  if anything , kurds are being treated better than most countries treat their minorities . 
  turkey was simply neutral during ww2 , what are you referring to ? 
  there 's been plenty of things we dislike . 
  every time we protest , we put our health and well-being in danger . 
  you do n't know how brutal the police can be in turkey . 
  we ca n't keep protesting every single bill if nothing 's gon na change . 
  i was there during the gezi protests as a teenager , i was pepper sprayed and my friend hit with their nightstick . 
  that being said , we started a petition to revoke this bill ( the bill failed anyway ) and more than 600k people signed it . 
  it 's trending on twitter too , with people expressing their anger towards the government . 
  what a vile comment . 
  of course we do n't like this . 
  what makes you even say that ? 
  we have the highest age of consent in all of europe . 
  tanr\u0131 is just the turkish word for god , stemming from the old turkic word `` tengri '' . 
  it refers to a primary deity . 
  muslims do n't see a `` god of islam '' , they see one true god , but yeah it 's usually assumed that you 're believing in god the way the qu ` ran depicted it if you say `` allah '' . 
  however , a lot of muslims say that christians also believe in allah , even if their version is slightly different . 
  so allah can also just refer to god too . 
  our population is 10x yours , i doubt any special forces would help your cause haha . 
  on a serious note though , i 'm talking about the roots of my country , not my nation . 
  when ataturk formed the republic of turkey , he envisioned a modern , democratic , secular country . 
  we may take it for granted but it really was n't easy to turn what was a theocratic dictatorship into a democratic and secular country . 
  our roots as in the fundamental values which our country was built upon . 
  democracy , secularism , freedom of expression etc. 
  i guess since the japanese are more advanced than us , they 're also more european huh ? 
  your anecdote is not an argument . 
  you would have a stronger case arguing turkey is european than cyprus . 
  i would 've disagreed with you a decade ago . 
  but unless we see erdogan gone within a few years , i wo n't be disagreeing with you , as much as i would 've loved to see my country be in the eu . 
  things were looking up for us , but those days are behind us . 
  i still have hope that we will find our roots , but it 's a slowly dimming hope . 
  you do n't even know what status quo is , do you ? 
  it 's not something that can just ` end ' . 
  what makes you say the formation of kurdistan would likely improve regional stability ? 
  that 's an extremely vague remark , based on virtually nothing . 
  i can totally see why you would n't enjoy living in istanbul as a foreigner . 
  on the other hand , i have lots of foreign friends that went to international schools in istanbul , most of them loved the experience . 
  i think it depends on your personality and also where exactly you were located in istanbul . 
  and of course , that the turks you interacted with were hospitable . 
  try booking tickets to constantinople , 
  russia makes up more than half the population of eastern europe , so i 'm not really cherry picking . 
  either way , serbia , romania , bulgaria , macedonia , etc. 
  none of these countries have particularly free media either . 
  might not be as bad as russia but it 's definitely not good . 
  and you think media is independent in eastern europe ? 
  you watch too much russia today . 
  homosexuality is legal , ( regulated ) prostitution is legal , some of the biggest lgbt walks in europe are held here , there atheist organisations , you 're blinded by your prejudice if you really think that way . 
  in what ways is eastern europe as a whole more liberal than turkey ? 
   europe is home to liberal values eastern europe did n't get the memo then . 
   the continent where they are the strongest that 's arguable , north america and australia are just as liberal if not more . 
   soon this will happen . 
  its clear ?? 
  what do you know about my country that i dont ? 
   turkey tried to play secularism game because of european influences and was sorta accepting of gay actually homosexuality was decriminalized since the ottoman empire . 
  do n't make stupid statements like that when you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   soon izmir will be just like istanbul or ankara istanbul has many , many gay clubs and bars . 
  again , just because there are conservative people does n't mean that they all go around attacking gay groups or events . 
   liberalism originates from europe marxism also originates from europe , so i guess european values = marxist values . 
  all your arguments are stupid man . 
  yes turkey is not a good place for lgbt people , there is discrimination and what not .
