  i have to disagree . 
  / r/europe is one of the least hostile subreddits against turkey . 
  what is it 's meaning then ? 
  just admit that you 're wrong already . 
  that 's literally the definition of a democracy , whether you like it or not . 
  definition of democracy : government by the people ; especially : rule of the majority . 
  okay then let me tell you that the things you mentioned have nothing to do with secularism and democracy . 
  what does any of that have to do with secularism/democracy ? 
  makes total sense to stab the person you sleep with , right ? 
  check the sidebar . 
  turkey is part of the european countries . 
  if you 're going to argue against that , talk to the mods , this is n't the place to discuss this , especially under such a tragic thread . 
  no better time to go then . 
  security is at a maximum level right now . 
  secularism * and you 're wrong . 
  the government literally said they suspected isis was behind this . 
  well , you were n't wrong . 
  only recently an isis attack in london was foiled . 
  it was broadcasted on cnn t\u00fcrk and habert\u00fcrk ( and probably others ) . 
  i agree . 
  such attacks are n't / were n't exactly commonplace in turkey . 
  turkey should at least be yellow imo . 
  nothing personal to you , it 's just that in the past few days i saw people not capitalize `` turks '' but capitalize other nationalities such as `` germans '' , thought it was an attempt at insulting . 
  maybe i 'm just looking to get offended though . 
  by the way , my grandparents are from bulgaria , and what they usually say is in line with what you 're saying . 
  obviously there 's a reason why they do n't live in bulgaria anymore , but i feel like our culture is similar in a lot of ways and that probably helps with the turkish people in bulgaria being integrated into society . 
  so for example , you would n't say english but you would say english ? 
  that 's quite interesting . 
  do n't know why people never capitalize the t in turks . 
  did i ever say i do n't recognize it ? 
   what i know about turkey : country full of muslims . 
  contrary to popular believe , turkey has a huge population of non-muslims . 
  there are more than 400 + active churches in turkey and there are millions of no-religion ( atheist , agnostic etc. ), 
  people . 
  http://atheistcensus.com/ turkey has its own beer companies ( efes pilsen , one of the biggest in the region ) and produces some of the best wine in the world . 
  turkey also has an extremely strong alcoholic drink called rak\u0131 ( 60 % + alcohol ) , it is considered to be the national drink by many . 
  but i get why you 'd think that way . 
  it 's easy to be mislead , but now you know better , 
  well ottoman empire = / = turkey , and i refuse to be held guilty for things some uncivilized fuck did a century ago . 
  it was n't exclusively turkish people who instigated such attacks , the times were just terrible and basically all groups in the region had beef with another . 
  yes , terrible things did happen , i recognize all the lives taken during that period and i sincerely wish this would 've been avoided , but i wo n't accept being held accountable for all those hideous crimes , and pretend as if you guys are innocent here , as though your people have n't committed massacres and i wo n't accept that we , turkish people , are being depicted as the devil all the time . 
  i do accept that the ottoman empire has done atrocious things , but i also expect you to accept that your previous empires have done terrible things too . 
   i have never once in my life heard a turk say ` yeah it happened and it was bad ' . 
  well , i 've never seen a greek person accept the genocide against turkish people . 
   i do n't think for a second that a turk in 2016 should feel guilty or ashamed for what happened 100 years ago thank you . 
  that goes for you too . 
   but to deny these things happened and get away with it is madness . 
  i do n't think anyone really denies that people have been killed , people mostly deny it was a genocide , a deliberate ethnic cleansing . 
  to me , it does n't really matter what you call it , it was certainly not the right thing to do but as you are aware we 're not able to change the past . 
  so you think turkish military targets kurdish civilians , aiming to wipe them out ? 
  do you even realize there are 15 million kurds in turkey , most of which are entirely part of turkish society ? 
  i did n't downvote you , but we 're just wondering what made you think turkish people would n't drink wine . 
  it 's not a crime to ask but you should know it 's not pleasant for us to face all these incorrect stereotypes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims sorry what ? 
  do n't forget the suicide bombers . 
  very peaceful method of dealing with stuff . 
  what are you basing this comment on ? 
   we have our own problems to deal with . 
  we have much bigger problems , and yet we took in 3 million refugees . 
  now good for us , right , but no . 
  we 're sort of obligated to take them and since the rest of the world demonizes turkey as much as they can , refusing refugees would even create more hatred against us . 
  you 're in the lucky situation of whining about a few thousand refugees . 
  honestly , i think 35,000 refugees is the least you can do . 
   and syrians represent like 5 % of the refugees we have . 
  most of them are iraqis on some europe sight-seeing tour , plenty of them have already left because this is n't a wonderland after all . 
  the 5 % is probably a hyperbole , cause otherwise you would be claiming that there are 700,000 refugees in finland . 
  i have no idea how many iraqi refugees there really are , but if it 's indeed a lot then that 's fair enough . 
   add rapes committed by them , constant fighting in the refugee centers , and lots of whining on their part . 
  do n't know about the situation in finland so it 's not my place to talk . 
  though i must add that i 've been to finland several times ( my mother side has finnish ancestors ) and i 've barely seen any immigrants/refugees . 
  but again , i do n't know about the crime statistics so maybe you 're right . 
  according to the un charters , which by the way almost all member nations have signed , every nation that is secure and safe is obligated to take refugees . 
  what harm would a couple thousand refugees do to you ? 
  just asking for your opinion : do you think that 's a lot ? 
  i did n't claim it was 12 . 
  but yeah i do n't get why out of all countries , it 's the finnish who whine the most . 
  in turkey we have 3 million refugees and rarely any of us whine . 
  well , 32,000 is n't really that much at all , in my opinion . 
  that 's like 0.7 % of your population . 
  you have a very small number of refugees , even though it may not be as small as 1050 . 
  well , your article says  finland is unused to mass immigration . 
  it has registered 18,400 asylum seekers this year , compared with 3,600 in all of 2014 . 
  so the large numbers are probably not true ( yet ) . 
  http://i.imgur.com/byv5thn.png i think you 're bullshitting . 
   ( yes , i call them migrants , not refugees ) jesus christ tough guy , take it easy  now we are paying the price remind me how many refugees does finland host again ? 
   since you 're turkish i 'll make a comparison between the two countries . 
  why would you make a comparison between my country and yours ? 
  i never claimed turkey is a strong country . 
   the oecd website says : `` gdp growth is expected to rise to 1.4 % in 2016 and 2017 . 
  the labour market is improving , helping to drive private consumption higher . '', 
  together with a general improvement of the eu 's economy i guess our you statement is absolutely rubbish . 
  my statement is absolutely rubbish ? 
  you 're citing a source that says gdp in italy is going to rise , do you really think that 's somehow proof that italy is performing well economically ? 
  that 's an absolute joke . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21679251-government-tries-relieve-banks-non-performing-loans-burden-sharing?zid=295&amp;ah=0bca374e65f2354d553956ea65f756e0 read this . 
  your banks and thereby your country has massive debts , and the loans given to banks are underperforming i.e. 
  they 're not making profits . 
  especially this part underlines how bad the situation is : `` the burden of non-performing loans ( npls ) in italy is now immense : they amount to $ 350 billion ( $ 370 billion ) , the equivalent of 21 % of gdp . '', 
  your unemployment rate is quite high ( though admittedly it could be worse ) and income inequality is increasing . 
   again , at this point we 're the 8th biggest economy in the world , meaning that there are more than a hundred countries that are not as strong as we are , which is not bad imo .
