  even though the majority of turkish people might be muslim , ideologically they are much different than the muslim-mentality of the syrians and middle-easterns . 
  i do n't want the pub next door to be made into another mosque . 
  at this day , while we 're trying to protect our secular ideas and fight against warmongering islamists like erdo\u011fan , additional 3 million very religious muslims are n't helping . 
  their culture is not similar to ours . 
  i really do n't mind the refugees , they 're mostly nice people from what i 've experienced , but they are not culturally similar to us , so do n't use that argument against us . 
   they are capable of housing them uh , we really are n't capable of housing them . 
  most of them sleep on the streets . 
   yet even though we are giving turkey lots of funds you have n't paid turkey jackshit for the refugee crisis  they are still letting many refugees through . 
  be thankful that we 're hosting 3 million refugees . 
  it is n't our job to keep them in . 
  you are responsible for them as much as we are . 
   it 's not like turkey is the only entrance to the eu . 
  yeah ? 
  which countries other than turkey act as an entrance to the eu then ? 
  maybe a few somehow manage to go directly from syria to eu from sea , but 99 % of the syrian refugees entering eu have to go through turkey . 
  i do n't know , the turkish sentences make perfect sense to me . 
  they 're grammatically without error . 
  i do n't really like bringing it up either though , but it 's the truth . 
  that 's a pity . 
  i understand that it must n't be easy for you guys to deal with too many refugees since you 're already in an economically vulnerable position . 
  best of luck . 
  it 's mostly because the turkish people who immigrated to germany back in the 60 's and 70 's were largely from peasant populations from eastern turkey , which is much less european , if at all , than western turkey . 
  they are mostly descendants of semites and kurds , hence the way they look . 
  eastern turkish populations are generally not well educated , and they are n't exactly representative of your average turkish person . 
  understandably these people are what most of the europeans interact with , but if you come to turkey you 'll have a different experience with the people . 
  eastern turkish people are mostly genuinely nice though , they 're simply mostly not educated . 
  by your white supremacist ideals perhaps not , but there are many white girls in \u0130zmir that certainly are white to syrians . 
  many blue and green eyed people here , i 'd say up to 25 % up the population in \u0130zmir . 
  many blondes too . 
  in \u0130zmir , a lot of girls are white actually . 
  you can come over and see for yourself . 
  40-60 % of turkish people are european immigrants , more so in \u0130zmir , that migrated in the 1900 's , so naturally we have plenty of white ( at least white looking ) people around . 
  just google '' \u0130zmir k\u0131zlar\u0131 '' and you 'll see what i mean . 
  the question was how * your * daily life changed . 
  sure , those are terrible events but not related to the question . 
  it really seems like it is mostly the non-germans who seen to be affected and bothered by the intake of refugees by germany . 
  to be honest , there are n't * that * many refugees in europe . 
  i mean look at lebanon , they have a 1 to 4 refugee to native ratio , and they 're getting by . 
  i believe eu has taken in in total 1.5 million ~ refugees , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  and if that amount of people can destroy europe , we should be looking elsewhere for the problem ( in my opinion ) . 
  edit : also , we 're all aware of those atrocities . 
  i 'm asking for personal experiences , this question was n't intended to be a place for people to push their ideas . 
  why not finland ? 
  what a compelling argument . 
   that 's bullshit . 
  no , it 's not . 
   they were not cleansing the turks as you imply . 
  right , and the nazis were n't killing jews . 
   august 1974 was one month after the invasion . 
  okay , but most of the people were killed in 1973 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_christmas_ ( 1963 )  i also hope you realise that both sides lost a lot of lives . 
  yes , but turkish people were acting in self defense , they did n't initiate the killings . 
  orthodox greeks were slaughtering turkish families in their houses , i have a nsfw album of a few of the slaughterings in fact . 
  http://imgur.com/a/hdci9  and if you want simple statistics more greek cypriots died than turkish . 
  around 350-400 turkish cypriots were killed , vs. around 150 greek cypriots . 
  tens of thousands of turkish cypriots had to be relocated after their villages were plundered by greek cypriots , vs. 0 greek cypriots that had to be relocated prior to turkish intervention . 
  read this book : https://books.google.com/books?id=jaklaaaaiaaj&amp;redir_esc=y  so no , that is not the reason why turkey `` intervened '' it was , at the very least it was the major reason . 
   considering previous deals , we will uphold our end of the bargain , turkey wo n't . 
  why ca n't you people stop being ignorant for a change ? 
  turkey did n't even receive any money . 
  it was eu who did n't uphold their end of the bargain . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  we do n't even execute murderers and rapists in europe , but somehow people agree that we should kill illegal migrants . 
  but also because we love you guys, 
  hell of a way to trick nato . 
  not sure if you can say that , if you include russia and turkey on that list . 
  and the uk is very well equipped , more so than turkey and comparable to russia , and they have some of the best special forces ( sas ) in the world . 
  france is still a beast as well , but it 's certainly not at its prime . 
  countries like the netherlands have been seriously focusing on their military recently , though i 've heard the dutch defense forces are in a terrible state right now . 
  then you have countries like serbia , which spend a very high percentage of their gdp on their military . 
  to be honest , european nations have some of the best armies in the world , and it 's not even a competition if you include russia and turkey . 
  only the u.s. would be superior to europe ( albeit one is a continent , the other a country ) . 
  edit : i forgot the greek army , which is very powerful relative to its economy as well . 
  to be honest 70 billion $ sounds a little unnecessary for a country like germany . 
  like ? 
  edit : do you mean nato countries ? 
  we 're not the best allies to have nowadays , but we 've got your back in case russia does invade you guys . 
  apparently it was on tv too ( according to other swedes ) . 
  what is so infuriating about this ? 
  why ca n't you just admit you 're wrong ? 
  i mean the dude provided several links as evidemce , and at this point you just sound like an angry radical that is mad because he 's wrong . 
  you initially said  i 'm not talking about national borders . 
  and that cyprus is european because  it 's inhabited by greek speaking people and has been since antiquity . 
  now that i bring up australia , you 're telling me that it is n't european because of national borders . 
  so which one is it ? 
   i 'm not talking about national borders . 
   australia is geographically separated from europe by half of planet earth . 
  which one is it ? 
  seems like you bring up borders when it fits your narrative only . 
  i guess australia is european too since it 's inhabited by english speaking people . 
  are you seriously gon na argue that cyprus is geographically in europe ? 
  jesus , that 's something new . 
  also , cyprus is not a greek island . 
  it is an independent country with their own government . 
  except it was n't the muslims who invaded it at the time . 
  seriously , how can you be this misinformed . 
  and vice-versa , 
   shooting down russian bombers that fight isis they were bombing turkmen rebels . 
  where do you get your information from ? 
  even russia today did n't claim those jets were bombing isis . 
   buying oil from isis literally no evidence the government was involved in this , it was most likely individual turkish citizens that did the oil trade .
