  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_war_of_independence by the end of the war , hundreds of thousands of turkish men had died fighting for independence . 
  turkish forces were outnumbered and had few supplies , they went for weeks without proper food and rest . 
  they marched very long distances , distances which seemed impossible to cross in the short periods they were covered . 
  there 's a whole history behind it which i could n't explain to you very well because it is too long and i do n't know all the details , but essentially it 's that those soldiers fought for independence against the french , greeks , british , armenians , italians , even americans , all of this under very harsh circumstances and even though it looked practically impossible for the turkish forces to come out victorious out of this , they did . 
  not sure if it sounds silly , but i feel like we owe them . 
  these people are our great grandfathers , this all did n't happen that long ago . 
  i feel like it would be disrespecting their legacy letting go of what they fought for , putting their lives on the line , and then us just giving it away . 
  it probably does n't sound very logical but that 's how it is . 
  as a russian did you just defend us ? 
  i guess we can finally be friends again :p, 
  well , it really depends . 
  i 'll try to explain you my perspective which i believe is the perspective most western turks agree with . 
  we are nationalistic folks . 
  it 's just how we 're raised , being turkish is part of our identity . 
  we all know the national anthem by heart ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y75km7dlt94 ) and we follow atat\u00fcrk 's principles etc. 
  so naturally , we recognize the sacrifices atat\u00fcrk and his men made to form this country we have , which is 1/3 of what we used to have . 
  in a sense , to me , splitting the country into two would be insulting to all those men who have fought so that we have what we have today . 
  no , most of us do n't want the country to be split . 
  this country belongs to us and we do n't even consider giving a single acre of land - purely out of national pride . 
  would we be better off without half the country ? 
  probably . 
  nevertheless , even though it 's probably not the rational choice , we prefer keeping our country as a whole in respect of all the sacrifices our ancestors made so that we can freely live in this country , whilst not being under the rule of others . 
  exactly . 
  the ignorant folks of my country are taking away everything i love about my country . 
  i 'm not an elitist person at all and this may sound a bit radical but i think that when people with complete isolation from the outside world get to vote , disasters like the one you see in our country occurs . 
  not even a decade ago i could proudly talk about my country as a secular and democratic nation , one of the first countries ( even in europe ) to allow women the right to elect and get elected , decriminalize homosexuality , etc. 
  now i 'm only embarrassed of what 's happening in my country and with every single article that bashes my nation , it only gets worse . 
  but it is legal , unless it 's a burka or niqab . 
  `` cultural reasons '' so pretty much any culture but the islamic ones ? 
  i 'm not defending islamic culture , i 'm very much an atheist but to hold one culture above others does n't feel right . 
  it is against our western principles in my opinion . 
  it has n't . 
  but the law specifically regulates burqas and niqabs . 
  covering your face for various other reasons , such as indigenous cultural reasons are still allowed . 
  i know this is quite an unpopular opinion but i find that / r/europe is actually one of the more tolerant subreddits . 
  i was expecting to get lots of hate for being from turkey in this sub but on the contrary , i never got downvoted for supporting my country , instead actually often get support from people of this subreddit . 
  this is just my personal experience though , maybe overall you are right . 
  the logistics is one of the reason germany failed to invade britain in ww2 too , despite having clear military superiority . 
  german warplanes were only able to fly over britain for around 10 minutes because they would run out of fuel , and if their planes were shot down the pilots would land in british territory thus unable to continue fighting . 
  the british warplanes were able to fly for much longer since they were fighting in their own territory , and despite being outnumbered this advantage as well as the fact that british pilots could still continue fighting if their plane was shot down was one of the reasons germany was unable to invade britain . 
  unless russia was to use nuclear warheads , turkey would indeed be able to defend itself . 
  and i do n't think anyone in this day and age would even consider nuclear warfare as an option . 
  again , these are all hypothetical and it 's near impossible such a war will break loose , but your comments are all on point . 
  lol islamic videos in / r/turkey ? 
  islamists are outnumbered by seculars by 1 to 100 in that subreddit . 
  any such hateful comment gets downvoted . 
  check / r/russia 's top comments though . 
  you 're right actually . 
  you did n't say anything wrong , but i thought you meant that turkey and russia hated each other even in throughout this and the past century . 
  have you ever been to the balkans ? 
  especially former yugoslavia countries ? 
  that 's rich coming from an italian though :p, 
  i now know how it feels indeed . 
  kinda ridiculous too because russians are 99 % of the time bombing rebels to ensure assad does n't lose his authoritarian regime . 
  actually , since ww1 turkey and russia had decent relations ( afaik ) . 
  he said they were bombing isis , i corrected him . 
  no , defending yourself is n't war . 
  you 're right that all wars are justified from a given perspective but there is a difference between being the aggressor and being the victim . 
  i would n't whine and blame russia if they shot down our plane which hypothetically was invading russian airspace , because we would be asking for it . 
  it 's good to hear not all russians feel that way . 
  i have a really good friend from russia and politics and shit like this would not ruin our friendship but i do n't want the two nations to hate each other . 
  remember that it was our airspace they have been invading for the past months . 
  we are just as pissed . 
  but i get your point . 
  i am against any war , but every country has the right to defend herself . 
  in this case , given that the plane indeed violated turkish airspace , turkey is justified in shooting it down . 
  maybe not the smartest move , i would n't know . 
  but it is a justified move . 
  interesting . 
  we ca n't tell for sure if they did violate turkish airspace but they have violated it several times in the past few months , and i do n't think turkey would shoot down a plane without being provoked . 
  i actually like russian people ( not your govt. , but then again i do n't like my own govt either ) . 
  it seems as though russians do n't have much sympathy towards turkish people , am i right in saying that ? 
  you 're assuming there would be a nuclear war . 
  in which case i admit turkey would be screwed , but so would every other country surrounding turkey . 
  it does n't help turkey , but you do n't get to provoke a country and invade their airspace like that . 
  any other country with a strong presence would 've done the same . 
  you violate a countries airspace and ignore warnings , you get shot down . 
  what have you seen exactly ? 
  turkish armed forces provided radar evidence that the plane had violated turkish airspace . 
  exactly . 
  who would be to blame here : russia for violating swedish airspace and ignoring the warnings of sweden or sweden not giving russia the benefit of the doubt and defending its airspace from a possible threat ? 
  this situation is not different , just replace sweden with turkey . 
  they were bombing turkmen villages , not isis . 
  `` fund kurdish rebels with a lot of monet '' because russia is financially doing very well right now . 
  russia has violated turkish airspace several times in the past few months . 
  tsk ( turkish armed forces ) also provided evidence that the plane has in fact violated turkish airspace . 
  to be fair , nobody is saying `` fuck russians '' in / r/turkey . 
  / r/russia on the other hand is filled with much more hate . 
  not saying this because i 'm turkish but turkey is the second strongest military power in nato and by far is situated in the most important geopolitical area . 
  thank you . 
  everyone assumes turkey has done nothing against isis while they have been bombing isis for months , and each airstrike against isis costs millions of dollars to turkey . 
  til all terrorists carry guns with them, 
  turkey threatened ypg if they were to attack isis ? 
  can you submit some sources ? 
   it has a physical organized army you expected them to not have a ` physical ' army ? 
  are examples such as them calling istanbul the capital of turkey etc. 
  good enough or is there something specific you 're looking for ? 
  reading through their articles i 've spotted so much bullshit but i have n't noted all of them down , but i can send you a few . 
  and yeah you 're telling me that the media in my country is controlled by erdo\u011fan , how insightful of you . 
  why did you even feel the need to add that .
