  sure , erdo\u011fan 's been talking shit like that , but only recently . 
  i 'm talking about the initial paris attacks which took more than 100 people 's lives . 
  turkish intelligence actually informed french intelligence regarding such an attack , but it was largely ignored . 
  this was the first attack of its kind in a while where such things were n't happening . 
  it was n't some claim that was n't backed either , turkey gave specific info regarding the suspect . 
  what are you basing this statement on ? 
  well , turkey may not be in the eu but it 's certainly more relevant in terms of these intelligence agencies than cyprus . 
  turkey warned france before the paris attacks . 
  also , attila is part of eu , in the form of hungary :p, 
  triple nationality . 
  that 's rare to come by , 
  goddamn dude . 
  you did n't do this . 
  stop being so apologetic , and stop begging for our forgiveness . 
  instead , try to make a difference in whichever way you can ( like talking to your muslim friends and informing them etc. ) . 
  i do n't hate you cause you 're a muslim , and i 'm sure most others do n't hate you either . 
  i get what you 're feeling , but you really got ta stop being so apologetic . 
  how would they fix this ? 
  you 're a belgian national , living in egypt , with an irish flair . 
  it 's not inefficient because it 's not united , it 's inefficient because it 's incompetent . 
  also , the two things we 're discussing are entirely different . 
  hope you 're right . 
  from what i saw on the internet there seemed to be quite some chaos , but obviously that 's not very telling . 
  hope you guys recover quickly from this . 
  just improve the communication between the intelligence agencies . 
  having a single european intelligence agency would be inefficient and would be a waste of resources . 
  we do n't need more bureaucracy , we need less . 
  sure , terrorist bombings just killed nearly 40 people across the city but there 's no chaos . 
  99 % of the users ( including me ) would get banned . 
  sub would become deserted . 
  edit : misunderstood the question . 
  cause there 's chaos and panic ? 
  i get what you meant . 
  sad that you got downvoted for this . 
  tell what ? 
  his comment is deleted . 
  fair enough , but would n't you agree that if everything you 've said was accomplished , turkey , which is already more developed than eu countries like bulgaria and romania , is being asked way too much if even at this point you would only talk about talks ? 
  do you think there are any steps turkey could take to change your mind ? 
  call me biased but turkey is 200x times better to live in than afghanistan . 
  i agree . 
  rarely ever saw a brit causing problems in turkey . 
  mostly germans and russian tourists have a bad reputation . 
  only erdo\u011fan * gets anything from the deal, 
  why downvote ? 
  national statistics are indeed wrong . 
  every turkish citizen is officially a muslim by birth on his id . 
  you can get this changed but vast majority does n't bother . 
  i 'm statistically part of the muslims too . 
  in reality , i 'm not a muslim . 
  turkey is not 99 % muslim . 
  well nobody 's questioning he 's american aye , he 's running for president and according to the law you can not be a naturalized citizen to be able to do that . 
  ted cruz is n't actually naturalized , but some question that . 
  nobody 's holding it against him on the basis that he 's not american . 
  yes, 
  so was ted cruz ( born in canada ) , the guy running for president in the united states . 
  your birth place does n't define your nationality . 
  i have a friend who speaks dutch and has a dutch passport but was born in costa rica . 
  so is she not dutch then ? 
  deserve what . 
  to be humiliated ? 
  that does n't make you hitler , that makes you a cunt . 
  why would the arab feel strongly about ankara . . that 's plain not true . 
  i 've had people tell me to stop buying isis oil because of my flair on unrelated comments . 
  i know what you mean . 
  okay , for the last time i 'm saying this : yes , turkey is not the same as a western european country . 
  yes , south east turkey had serious problems . 
  but the life of people in ankara are barely any different than the lives of people in , say , prague . 
  if you ca n't wrap your head around the fact that civilians do n't represent their countries , then fine . 
  but you 're missing the whole point . 
  nobody 's downvoting . 
  you 're right , what you 're saying makes sense . 
  nobody can force anyone to feel a certain way , i just thought the article was a good reflection of what most of the turkish people think nowadays , from the mouth of a foreigner . 
  thank you , but the facebook post touches upon * exactly * what you just said . 
  i suggest you give it a read . 
  i 'm not going to get into an argument about the validity of what you just said , but you 're doing exactly what the guy in the facebook post is talking about . 
  you look at this attack as an attack against the government of a country and fail to see how normal civilians like you and me died . 
  nothing ironic about that , it 's sad nothing more . 
  well since a 16 year old is underaged , does n't a 4 year sentence make sense anywhere ? 
  exactly . 
  and these attacks are all too new to ankara . 
  ankara was one of the safest and liveable cities in turkey . 
  most people do n't realize that the victims of these attacks are no different than you and me . 
  and i do n't necessarily mean that in a `` we 're all human beings '' way . 
  these people did n't live in a war zone , they had perfectly normal lives . 
  yet still , most people regard these attacks as something that is common place , such as the taliban attacking a town in afghanistan ( back when it happened like every other day ) . 
  good point . 
  i agree with you , but i also think posts such as the one from the article help spread empathy and awareness . 
  armenians and arabs were though, 
  haha okay . 
  ever since the start you you 've constantly been insulting my intelligence and using ad hominems . 
  guess i know what you 're insecure about . 
  anyway , you have this idea that muslim men only harass women . 
  which is absolutely stupid , since i 'm pretty sure many men have complained about being robbed by syrian refugees and what not ( i 'm not one of them ) . 
  stop trying to invalidate my experience . 
  also , your experience is n't about syrian refugees , so it 's irrelevant . 
   are you dense great start . 
   in islam males are dominant ones , whole women are treated like dirt okay . 
  muslim men never start beef with each other ? 
  muslim men never harass other men , never put them at gun point and rob ? 
  muslim men can not be fuckheads that just harass others for the sake of showing dominance ?
