  balkan countries are n't very favored either since they also rebelled against us , but because of the similar culture etc. , nobody really hates them . 
  i personally really like serbia , and also bulgaria because my grandparents immigrated from bulgaria to turkey following ww1 . 
  for the rest , it 's hard to say but many turks ( not me ) see any major western power as a threat from an imperialist aspect . 
  probably because of ww1 again . 
  i like to think at least half of us are east-europeans, 
  what have we ever done to poland ? 
  poland and polish people are seriously my favourite , but yeah this is kinda disappointing . 
  just let me clarify that although turks feel like every other country is out there to get them , and thus they nearly dislike every possible country , they do n't hate the people from those countries . 
  if you 've ever visited turkey you probably will have noticed that turks ( most of us anyway ) do their best to treat foreigners as best as they can . 
  turkish hospitality towards foreigners is a well known thing . 
  that 's a bit of a vague question . 
  what do you mean ? 
  are you asking us if we still value bravery , or that we like brave countries ? 
  arabs are literally our worst enemies . 
  not even in eastern europe did we get backstabbed so hard as we did by arabs . 
  you guys are like the enemy we love the most . 
  no kidding . 
  russians - mind : non-existent . 
  kek . 
  national polls show that the referendum was n't representative . 
  i do n't even know how you can still argue that it is with your statistics bullshit . 
  it was n't really well organised , and it was very difficult to predict the exact turnout . 
  but you 're right , if there was a coordinated effort to get everyone to vote , it indeed would 've been an easy victory . 
  but as i said , the validity of the referendum is in question . 
  people did n't vote not because they did n't care , but because they hoped the turnout would be low enough for the referendum to be cancelled . 
  thank you , i did indeed take that as a compliment . 
  it 's somewhat of an identity crisis for me , but i always very much appreciate it when dutch people consider me one of them . 
  i seriously do n't know what you 're saying . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i really do n't want to spend any more time on this , but i 'll explain this as shortly as possible . 
  the statistics you 're talking about , sure , does work . 
  if we randomly select 30 % of any population , you 'll find that their results will very accurately estimate the outcome of the whole . 
  but here , we do n't have a random selection . 
  there is a very clear division between the people who went to vote and those who did not . 
  the people who did n't vote were predominantly in favor of the ` yes ' vote . 
  but since , if the turnout would be less than 30 % , the referendum would be cancelled anyway , which is essentially the same outcome as a yes vote , they decided to stay home in hopes that the turnout would be below the threshold . 
  you see , you going there to vote yes in a situation like this can do more harm than good for you . 
  so imagine they need 10 people to vote so that the election is valid . 
  invalid election = a majority yes outcome . 
  so you go , and you vote yes . 
  and exactly 10 people actually voted , with 7 no and 3 yes . 
  had you not gone to vote , you would 've been better off because the election would 've been cancelled . 
  so the 30 % we have here is n't a random group of people , and therefore we can not say that they are an accurate representation of the whole dutch population . 
  this . 
  i have lived in the netherlands for several years . 
  i was born in the netherlands so i have a dutch passport too , and i have many dutch friends . 
  my dutch is limited since i 've only lived a small portion of my life in the netherlands ( moved away when i was very young , lived in multiple countries throughout my life ) , but i love dutch people since , contrary to the stereotype , they 've shown nothing but kindness to me . 
  i follow dutch politics as best as i can , and although i know this would n't sit well with many of you , i 'm after all a registered dutch citizen who in the eyes of the law would be considered dutch . 
  i do n't expect to be accepted as a dutch person since i 'm not even fluent in dutch and my name is turkish , but i like to think that i am able to see the world through your perspective and have the right to have a say on what 's going on in the netherlands . 
  you 're * care to link some of those polls ? 
  or they should change this relatively undemocratic referendum system . 
  exactly what i 'm saying . 
  i really hope your parliament decides to go through with the ukrainian deal despite this unfair referendum . 
   the role of the barrier is to keep local elections from being decided by a very small group of people holding an `` extremist view '' . 
  this was n't a local election . 
  this was a referendum , which rarely ever happens in the netherlands . 
   it is accepted that 30 % of the population should be statistically representative of the whole population except we are n't randomly selecting people . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  why do you think this is relevant ? 
  i fucking hate people that think my flair dictates my opinions . 
  why exactly did you decide to make this comment ? 
  ( which is untrue either way ), 
  nah , i actually like ukraine . 
  there are also many ukrainian turks that still live in ukraine . 
  then remove the 30 % barrier . 
  think of it like this : if nobody had votes yes , the outcome would 've been equivalent of what would 've happened if everyone voted yes . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  my politically very involved dutch friend did not vote for the sole purpose of the referendum not having a large enough turnout . 
  i know that that 's also the reason why most dutch people did n't vote . 
  the referendum system you have is horseshit , at least acknowledge it . 
  you call this democracy ? 
  where the system encourages voters to stay inside ? 
  where 30 % of the population somehow is representative of everyone , while you and i both know that most people would vote yes ? 
  how is that great news ? 
  the 30 % threshold is bullshit . 
  the results are n't representative of dutch people whatsoever , simply because the threshold encouraged yes voters to stay home . 
  our support does n't really mean much but we really do like and support ukraine . 
  best of luck . 
  and especially thank you for that eurovision song , 
  it was n't always going to be a no . . people that would vote no , have mostly voted . 
  vast majority of those who would vote yes did not vote though , in hopes the turnout would be less than 30 % . 
  if everyone did vote , i 'm pretty sure ( and my dutch friends agree ) that yes votes would be larger . 
  at least you 're willing to admit haha, 
  who is they that you 're talking about, 
  and you really think that would change in a thousand years ? 
  and your country has more russies than sweden does !, 
  hey , what i 'm saying is not absolute . 
  large groups in favor of establishing a caliphate did exist . 
  but there were secular , albeit autocratic/authoritarian leaders that kept that from happening . 
  one such example is assad , the other is saddam husain . 
  see , i 'm not in favor of any side . 
  saddam husain was a terrible person . 
  but at least he had established power . 
  when people like him are eliminated , a power vacuum that is caused from a lack of authority arises . 
  and someone , no matter who , will take over that authority . 
  i do n't know what you do n't get , i 'm not blaming anyone , i 'm just telling it as it is . 
  also , tell me about the history of the middle east that makes my statement invalid ? 
  i like to think that i know a decent amount about the history of that region , but i 'm willing to be challenged . 
  you too , 
  hey i 'm not apologizing for anything .
