  i 'm not saying we 're guilty for these terrorists etc. 
  but facts are facts : countries such as mine have created a power vacuum in the middle east , and isis was quick to fill that in . 
  can you really deny this ? 
  there 's some truth to that , is n't there ? 
  many western countries ( including where i 'm from , no shame ) have played a role in creating a power vacuum that was filled by isis . 
  i 'm not saying we should start apologizing , but the fight we have waged against assad and getting rid of the authoritarian leaders there one by one definitely did contribute to creating grounds for isis . 
  without us , would there still be isis ? 
  i do n't know , but it would n't be as easy for it to grow this big . 
  fair enough . 
  cheers, 
  are you denying this is terrorism ? 
   that 's factional violence taking place within the borders of one country , though . 
  did i say otherwise ? 
   i mean , we 're talking about nationalistic attacks perpetrated against minorities . 
  it ca n't be equated with international religious terrorism . 
  and why not ? 
  and what does it matter anyway ? 
   these guys did n't travel half way around the world to the uk just so they can blow-up innocent british civilians because the empire colonised and oppressed them 70 years ago . 
  nor did they claim to kill as part of a worldwide crusade to spread/force hinduism on the world . 
  okay , i never said they did . 
  why are you telling me this ? 
  did i claim any of what you 're holding against me ? 
  these are terrorist attacks , support them or be against them . 
  the guy said hindu terrorism has never happened . 
  hindu terrorism is perhaps one of the most frequently seen types of terrorism , and that 's all i care about . 
  he was factually wrong , and i got downvoted for providing evidence that he is wrong . 
  right , i 'm not saying you never hear such arguments , but they are rare and the vast majority ridicules such people/their arguments , hence him being quickly downvoted . 
  killing the head of a nation in public absolutely does spread terror . 
  but i do n't think the assassination does fit the definition of terrorism as we see it today . 
  but it 's something you could argue against too . 
  so how do you define terrorism then ? 
   hindu terrorism was n't happening in the past either do you even check the news ? 
  how can anyone claim such an absurd thing . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_attacks_on_christians_in_southern_karnataka https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abhinav_bharat https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bajrang_dal https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mecca_masjid_bombing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/29_september_2008_western_india_bombings but of course since you do n't see these on your facebook newsfeed , you do n't know about them . 
  the ignorance of people in this sub can be staggering . 
  who is this insane `` leftist '' that everyone is talking about ? 
  as a leftist , it really feels like you 're making up an imaginary person that fits the narrative of what you want to argue against . 
  sure , maybe you could find me one or two examples but out of tens-hundreds of people whom i 've learned their opinion about about this situation , not any of them have claimed terrorism is caused by western oppression/discrimination . 
  apparently russia . 
  sensitive cunt . 
  well , https://www.cda.nl/english/ says their name would best be translated to `` the call of christian democracy '' . 
  for the rest , i believe you , and it makes sense . 
  damn , how do parties like sgp exist ? 
  i ca n't even imagine a party not allowing women in my own country , and we all know the state turkey is in . 
  also , yes i was referring to cda , not sure how christian they are but their name is after all `` the call of christian democracy '' . 
  well they 're wrong then , even the netherlands which is one of the least conservative countries in europe , has a pretty large `` christian '' party . 
  old religious folks are still out there , religion in politics will be part of european politics for at least a few more decades . 
  albania ? 
  that sounds just very random . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  there is no reason whichever country you 're shipping them to accept these people . 
  on paper , they are more danish than anything else ( given that they indeed have only danish citizenship ) . 
  edit : also pretty sure this is against international law . 
  said who ? 
  pretty sure religion is still a big part of politics in most european countries . 
  kinda ironic , given his son is disabled . 
  did n't know he made life harder for the disabled though . 
  that does n't really answer the question . 
  your pro-kurdish whining under every single thread about turkey does n't really help your case , rather it makes you look like an obsessed lunatic . 
  when you repeat yourself so many times for so long , people will start questioning the validity of the things you 're saying . 
  http://i.imgur.com/9lcwgjs.png here 's a map of the most common words you have used . 
  now tell me this is n't being obsessive . 
  why do you feel the need to comment under any turkey-related post ? 
  i get that you have an agenda , but jesus man at least stay on topic . 
  you may be right , but assad is known for being a blood-thirsty dictator . 
  probably better than isis being in control , but still not a favorable outcome for him to have control over the country . 
  nice copy pasta . 
  ohhhhh, 
  how ? 
  people are rarely banned on that sub and it 's far from deserted . 
   and it 's much harder to coordinate 28 small organizations that a large one . 
  they do n't need to coordinate . 
  they just need to communicate and inform each other with relevant information . 
   ah , yes . 
  the freedom to fail . 
  the freedom to fuck over your neighbour . 
  the freedom to let a larger player determine the game . 
  not saying i think national sovereignty is a valid argument , but it 's certainly something that will be brought up and argued by by the politicians . 
  as much as to me personally it is n't , the national sovereignty issue would be a major obstacle for a unified intelligence agency . 
  it does work . 
  but the broader the scale , the less effective it becomes . 
  all larger countries have such problems . 
  it is much easier to control a small organization than a large one . 
  i 'm not saying a unified intelligence agency is not possible , but there are way too many obstacles that would have to be passed for this to be a realistic idea - one of the main ones being national sovereignty . 
   we no , not you . 
  france . 
  this is not about you . 
  you 're not even partially in europe anyway . 
  we 'd have no information about what 's happening in your country ( if we did n't own half of it ) . 
   am i supposed to be thankful i 'm not asking you to be thankful , i was just stating a fact . 
  there was no need to be a dick about this . 
  i do n't represent my country , you do n't represent yours . 
  i know turkey has done shitty things , but i 'm sick and tired of being told that every single time my country is mentioned . 
  is this turning into a `` fuck you because of your country '' shitshow ? 
  you would have to divide up a `` unified '' agency into sections , and divide that further into regions , essentially making it very difficult for the agency to be centrally controlled . 
  i do think it 's a terrible idea to have one single massive intelligence agency , these intelligence agencies require one thing to work : efficiency . 
  how would you effectively and directly manage so many different sections at once ? 
  you would be processing information all the way from western europe to eastern europe , and for the important bits to get to the top would take a long time . 
  it could be managed i guess , but it would be more difficult , unless each region/section of the agency is given a significant amount autonomy , but that would sort of be contradicting the idea of unifying european intelligence agencies anyway . 
  mate , that 's bollocks .
