   when did i do this it was n't you sorry , it was the first person i replied to . 
  but the way you replied to my comment had a condescending tone , as if my intention was to sound smart . 
  i just stated something i think to be true . 
   i come from an island that was 252 under the ottomans fair enough , but the bulk of greece where the majority of greek people lived were under ottoman rule for much longer . 
   intermarriage between christians and muslims was prohibited i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but what 's your source on this ? 
  turkish rulers had a thing for european women , most of which were christians . 
  would n't surprise me if they were hypocrites but it 's the first time i 've heard that christians and muslims could n't marry . 
  also , you seem to imply that christian and muslim populations did n't mix - regardless of the law you mentioned , it is a fact that there was interbreeding between the two populations all over eastern europe . 
  it 's the reason why many of us have such white features . 
   probably stems from the fact that turkshave assimilated slavic peoples that 's true , but it does n't explain why greece has such low percentages . 
   but at no time in history did anyone come and exterminate the people of greece . 
  you 're right , but combine the fact that many greeks migrated to modern greece from anatolia and the fact that turks settled in greece hundreds of years ago , and you 're bound to have a pretty mixed population . 
  i 'm sure there are y-chromosome maps that show which one of us is correct ? 
  maybe we should look into that . 
  i 'm willing to admit that i 'm wrong if that 's what the genes say . 
  i asked for a source that shows more greeks were killed than replaced . 
  it 's not a justification . 
  nobody says it is . 
  it really frustrates me that even when i mention that we suffered also , someone like you has to tell me this does n't justify what we did . 
  i never said it does . 
  but here 's the source of the massacres of turks in the balkans : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims specifically the russo-turkish war killed hundreds of thousands of turks if i recall correctly . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-turkish_war_ ( 1877 % e2 % 80 % 931878 ) my grandparents were persecuted in bulgaria , and escaped with their own means . 
  my grandma tells me stories about it all the time . 
  she used to speak fluent bulgarian , she was just like any bulgarian except she was a muslim . 
  edit : 200,000 turks killed in bulgaria , 1.5 million had to flee . 
  if this is not a genocide or at the very least a massive , brutal massacre , i do n't know what is . 
   trying to change history  appear smart on reddit wtf are you saying . 
  your comment is plain dumb , listing middle-east and balkans as ethnicites . 
  for the most part of history ( past 500 years ) greeks and turks lived together in what is today greece , but also in modern turkey , especially in cities like izmir , istanbul etc. 
  sure if you go to the east of turkey you 'll see greater admixture , but eastern turkey is n't very significant in population size . 
  you 'll be surprised to know that greeks have lower percentages of blue eyes/light hair in their population than turks do ( i 'll post my source if you do n't believe me ) . 
  that stems from the fact that modern greeks are ethnically anatolian to a great extent , just like the turks are . 
  you have to remember that greeks were n't the only inhabitants of modern greece and modern greece is n't the only country greeks inhabited . 
  it 's not laughable to compare this to turkey . 
  many turks have been massacred both in greece and in the balkans . 
  nobody likes talking about them , but they happened . 
  it seems like people here believe turks are incapable of being victims . 
  most of this is population exchange . 
  let 's look at how many turks lived in greece in those days and how many live there now . 
  source ? 
  that 's not how it 's looked at when they look at our history though . 
  how is that funny, 
  the greeks set houses and buildings on fire as they were retreating . 
  they contributed significantly to the destruction of izmir . 
  you just conveniently left that part out , because only the evil turks commit such acts and we 're to blame in every situation . 
  you 're also a mix of many ethnicities , just as much as we are . 
  hurts to even see them side by side, 
  america is acting like a douche to everyone else also . 
  when will people like you realize that hurt feelings do n't matter nearly as much as you think in the real world ? 
  practically all of eu and western nations in general supported and praised erdogan in the early 2000 's while the secular turks were screaming on top of their lungs where this guy would take turkey to . 
  it was n't until much later that the west finally caught on . 
  pretty much haha, 
  so you 're arguing turks are non-european because of their `` asian origins '' , then when i tell you that hungarians also have similar origins , your argument switches to religion and fighting turks . 
  and your sentence about decent people being decent while others are vile , i do n't think even you know what you 're trying to say . 
  what about hungarians ? 
  at the very least , the inhabitants of istanbul are european . 
  they were born or at least live in europe . 
  many of them have ancestries from europe . 
  we 've been secular and liberal for so long , and only in the past 10 years it has been causing us trouble ? 
  we were way ahead of our times in terms of equal rights for women , abortion , homosexuality , secularism , you name it . 
  we do n't need to be in the eu to amount to something . 
  which one of our neighbours poses a threat to us ? 
  with the exception of iran which is pretty much off the table nowadays , each one of our neighbours are significantly weaker than us in terms of military power and size of economy . 
  our neighbours bulgaria and greece are n't islamists , syria has believe it or not a secular constitution and assad has defended secularism for a long time , even iraq was semi-secular not long ago until the american bastards arrived . 
   near future says future actually , point blank . 
  so does mine, 
  fair enough , i 'm just pointing out why his comment makes no sense either way . 
  and how does one join a continent socially/politically ? 
  europe is a diverse continent and you can not attribute any one value to it . 
  oh right , i know how this goes . 
  everything good = european , everything bad = middle eastern . 
  how does one join a continent ? 
  such a dumb and empty comment . 
   erdogan wanting to make masjid attendance mandatory at universities source ? 
  i hope and think you 're not right . 
  beautiful clip . 
  wished it was longer . 
  that 's arguable, 
  that 's not about being fought against , that 's the fact that even today people use symbols of turks ' heads on swords . 
  i asked why they do n't speak up, 
  lots of comments under this thread , which specific one . 
  i do n't expect western europe to defend us . 
  they can stay out of this . 
  if the u.s. was n't poking their nose into everything , we probably would n't have this situation anyway . 
  but the distinction here is the people of western european countries and america and their governments . 
  it does n't surprise me americans want to defend their allies more than western europeans , and that 's nice of them . 
  but the government of the u.s. is just messed up ( just like my own government ) . 
  pulling out soldiers from the middle east is n't that difficult . 
  nobody forced obama to fund terrorist groups like al-nusra either . 
  the problem in syria developed while obama was in the office . 
  he inherited much of the problems but he created much of them . 
  they 're all murderers guilty of many crimes against humanity . 
  the u.s. government is no more innocent to me than any other party in syria . 
  what i ca n't believe is how the whole world lets this happen . 
  at least western european countries have some dignity and decency , why do n't they speak up ? 
  of course he 's responsible . 
  the u.s. government is responsible for much of the mess we see in the middle east today , including syria . 
  i said i was n't gon na respond but i have to call you out on one thing : do not ever compare the situation of the dutch who got kicked out of a foreign land to the turks who were born and raised in the balkans , spoke the local language and were perfectly integrated . 
  my grandparents were among those who got persecuted and chased out of their homeland , all their properties seized and their rights revoked . 
  again , clearly you can not accept the fact that sometimes we , turks can also be victims .
