  it 's a kurdish phrase that kurds say all the time . 
  i do n't know what it means exactly but sometimes turks refer to kurds that support pkk as hewals . 
  and ? 
  they are located in eastern turkey . 
  nobody goes around saying many of the historical mosques located in bulgaria are actually in western ottoman empire . 
  your argument is ridiculous . 
  all but one witnesses say he did not scream `` allahu akbar '' . 
  all the evidence shows that he never screamed allahu akbar . 
  literally the only reason this is being mentioned is because a single witness claimed so , but the rest denied the guy screamed such a thing . 
  maybe you should wait for the facts to come out , before downvoting and jumping to conclusions ? 
  that 's were we 're headed , sadly . 
  how about eastern turkey ? 
  you do n't see people calling ny new amsterdam, 
  there are plenty of denominations in islam too , if you did n't know . 
  haha sorry in that case , it 's the exact same comment so i figured you took it from there . 
  two top comments directly stolen from / r/worldnews . 
  how original . 
  nobody likes our government here . 
  you 're not a special snowflake . 
  wtf are you on about, 
  it 's been more than a decade , how much longer can it be ? 
  in turkey , you are allowed by law to change your surname too , similar to commonwealth countries . 
  yeah , that 's because the addition is `` an '' , not `` yan '' . 
  so agla + an = aglayan , the y becomes the connective letter . 
  is that so ? 
  ok but how are you holding people like myself accountable for the stupid shit erdo\u011fan pulls ? 
  i 'm not happy about it either dude trust me . 
  and it seems like majority of turks do n't like where this is going when we check public opinion polls . 
  loooool you think syrian refugees are citizens of turkey ? 
  turkey is n't threatening to mass immigrate its citizens either how out of touch are you, 
  then all americans are war criminals and all russians are killers by that logic . 
  we know the reality , just because there 's tension between turkey and greece does n't mean turkish and greek people have to be enemies . 
  we 're neighbours after all and have a long common history , and honestly most people in turkey have nothing against greeks whatsoever . 
  why are you holding the law students accountable for which channel their recordings were uploaded to ? 
  all they are doing is inform the public . 
   the fact that my two cultures ( kurdish and western ) both have something major in common ( dislike for islamists ) since when is it part of kurdish ` culture ' to dislike islamists ? 
  kurds in turkey , especially from kurdish-majority regions , tend to be very religious and backwards . 
  my friend 's family maid ( she 's kurdish , from the east ) once killed a dog by putting needles in his food because it is haram to touch a dog in her sect of islam . 
  ironically , now she has to walk my friend 's dog everyday . 
  an anecdote does n't tell much but it 's well established that kurds are the more conservative people in turkey . 
  they practice female genital mutilation and honour killings while no other ethnic group in that region does so . 
  if we 're gon na look at dictatorships in the last century , i 'm sure we 're not the winner . 
  okay , but if you go on the g20 wikipedia page , g20 is simply defined as 20 major world economies . 
  my initial definition may not be word for word accurate , but i do n't think you have a source to back up the claim turkey is there to represent the islamic world . 
  i 'm sure they could 've found better representatives for islam than a country that has no official religion . 
  if you were right , why is iran not in the g20 ? 
  larger population than turkey , definitely much more islamic . 
  it 's not there to represent the islamic world , what are you talking about . 
  g20 is literally just the 20 biggest economies . 
  says a russian ? 
  so serious shitposts are regular posts ? 
  turks have been in that region for a millenia . 
  how are modern turks invading ? 
  their great-great-great-great ancestors lived where they live now . 
   banning any political parties is stupid in my opinion ok , it was a stupid idea to ban the nazi parties in germany then . 
  except for dtp , the other parties were banned up to 30 years ago . 
  there are tens of banned parties in turkey , most of which have nothing to do with kurds . 
  for example https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_turkey_party this party was banned , and it was a right wing turkish nationalist party . 
  so stop pretending that parties get banned just for being kurdish . 
  what you 're doing is nitpicking . 
  where did i say there is no racism ? 
  luckily for you they 've also been turning a blind eye to what kurds have been doing, 
   oppression of the kurdish minority by banning their political parties a kurdish party was banned once , but the current one has exised for years , and they are in the parliament . 
  banning a political party for having ties with terrorists is oppression nowadays ? 
  in your initial comment , you stated that the reason why greeks are inexistent in modern day turkey is due to the genocides . 
  i replied by saying that the reason is mostly population exchange , and that you should check how many turks there are in greece for comparison . 
  if you check the numbers , you 'll see that 1.2 million greeks moved out from asia minor into greece , while it is estimated 400,000 greeks were killed . 
  so it is n't whataboutism , i did n't mention the fact that we suffered out of nowhere . 
  i responded to your comment saying in greece no genocide occured . 
  you 're right that you did n't say balkans but said greece , but the massacres against the turks happened in the whole area . 
  not nearly as pronounced as it was in bulgaria of course . 
  but what you 're saying makes sense . 
   yet , you keep telling me about bulgarian massacres against turks . 
  you asked for a source to see whether these happened or not , so i provided them . 
  the fact that you do n't even know about these massacres says enough i think . 
  but it was me who initially mentioned the massacres in the balkans , so you 're not wrong . 
   so what ? 
  i meant , they can trace their roots and get to greek relatives . 
  none of which they know personally . 
  i have a greek friend , his surname his veremis , which comes from the turkish word verem . 
  even he acknowledged our common ancestry . 
  i 'm sorry that you do n't want to be associated with us but it 's pretty much common consensus that turks and greeks share their bloodline to a great extent . 
   what are you trying to say i 'll make it simple . 
  ottoman empire takes over modern day greece -  turks settle to those lands -  after hundreds of years , the populations slowly interbreed -  modern day greek barely distinguishable from a modern day turk . 
  do you go through my profile to refute every point of mine ? 
  those were n't expansionary wars , and they were n't independence wars . 
  russians fighting turks in bulgaria , explain to me how that would lead to the death of 200,000 + deaths of civilian turks ( most of which were essentially muslim bulgarians ) and result in 1.5 million turks fleeing ? 
  how can this be an independence war ? 
  arguing that this was necessary for the independence of bulgaria ( which the russians somehow got involved into ) is pretty much equal to me arguing that the massacres against armenians was necessary for the turkish war of independence ( which actually has nothing to do with armenians ) . 
  you guys blame us for trying to justify genocides/massacres . 
  when the tables are turned however , you guys do exactly what you accuse us of . 
  instead of acknowledging the needless suffering of people who were just trying to live a normal , mundane life , you had to try to justify the massacres . 
  what a hypocrite you are , and you do n't even realize . 
  if your concern truly was the lives of all the innocent people , you would n't be saying this . 
   it is certain a christian man could n't marry a muslim women , therefore interbreeding is not possible muslim men could still marry christian women so interbreeding did occur . 
  add to the fact that i have friends in izmir ( where im from ) who have greek relatives . 
   you 're wrong , population exchange is a different thing than intermixing i 'm talking about all the turks that settled in greece during the ottoman era . 
  i did n't mention population exchange . 
  also , your comment about y-chromosomes is wrong . 
  y-chromosomes can accurately display the ancestry/roots of nations .
