  you were here complaining about stupid comments and yet your comments are asinine . 
  now that 's incredible . 
  lol talking about impaling , you sure that was the turks ? 
  so because my country is backwards , i 'm not allowed to state that poland is backwards ? 
  what exactly is incredible about that ? 
  what a stupid comment . 
  i say things how i see it . 
  yeah you 're right , we 're definitely shifting . 
  awful situation , i 'd do anything to change it but alas . 
  i like to think we 're not any worse than poland though . 
  turkey 's been too much under the spotlight recently , which may make you think the condition is much worse than that of poland but at least we have n't passed any laws yet that threaten our secularism and democracy . 
  clearly not the case with poland . 
  we need countries like yours to make sure backwards countries do n't gain too much power in the eu . 
  and poland is only an exception , most eu countries are progressive when it comes to lgbt laws . 
  hey , at least homosexuality is legal here . 
  it has been before most of rest of europe . 
  edit : apparently it also is in poland , my bad . 
  how can someone be this badly informed ? 
  chp 's leader is an alevi , and alevi-majority cities like tunceli vote heavily in favour of chp . 
  stop spreading false information . 
  and guess who decided to take the war to the cities ? 
  that 's right , the kurdish terrorist group pkk . 
  they are directly responsible of the state of cizre . 
  after the group was severely damaged fighting in rural areas , the terrorists realized they had to go to a change of strategy and that was to move to urban areas . 
  check cities like diyarbak\u0131r though which has a population more than 10x of cizre , it 's quite a decent city . 
  every single turkey related post , some uneducated wazzock has to comment this . 
  turkey gave up on joining the eu years ago , open your eyes a bit . 
  how 's that so ? 
  do n't downvote just yet , i 'm genuinely curious what makes you say this . 
   wrong , wrong , wrong . 
  not really , not really , not really . 
  true , still bitter about that . 
  but our boys put on a good fight , germany of 2008 was amazing . 
  yeah , it would n't be cringey if she did n't act like she was an actual singer or something . 
  actually , there are a couple more cities on the european side of turkey , other than istanbul ( i.e. 
  common misconception that only istanbul lies on the european continent . 
  erdo\u011fan is certainly on his way to become an authoritarian leader , why would we deny this ? 
  maybe euro2008 ? 
  against croatia , scored at the extra times of extra times , and scored 3 goals against czech republic in the final 15 minutes while being 2-0 behind . 
  or it could be the 2002 world cup too , not quite sure . 
  i know it 's a massive stretch , but root for us ?? 
  ( i 'm 12.5 % finnish , if it helps :p ), 
  does n't show 2016 though . 
  even when we check your data , it seems turkey is one of the biggest contributors . 
  sure it does n't meet the 2 % but it 's quite close ( 1,70 % ) and is nowhere near as bad as countries like belgium , luxembourg etc. 
  better than not voting at all , which is what i 'd do otherwise . 
  my grandpa was a member of mhp couple decades ago . 
  mhp was n't always like this . 
  nationalist ? 
  sure , but it was always true to atat\u00fcrk 's ideals . 
  the founder of mhp even said that had chp been true to atat\u00fcrk 's principles , the need for the creation of mhp would n't have risen . 
  i 'm not a mhp supporter by the way , i vote for the liberal party . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  happy cake day, 
  happy cake day, 
  really ? 
  at least that 's not the case in turkey , let me tell you that . 
  polls show younger people much more likely to vote for liberal parties rather than religious ones . 
  polls show 13-17 year olds as well as 18-29 year olds are much less likely to support erdo\u011fan 's party than middle aged people , while chp strives in that aspect . 
   vape enthusiast gave me a good chuckle, 
  happy cake day, 
  of course you do . 
  too bad though !, 
  glad he lost . 
  god bless . 
  thanks based austria , i was genuinely scared you 'd elect a far-right bigot . 
  how is most an exaggeration ? 
  with two possible candidates to vote for , he will likely indeed get the most votes . 
  if you do n't vote for hofer you 're not a real austrian amirite ? 
  do you really integrate 100 % though ? 
  cause that seems anecdotal . 
  is this saying that hofer has a 3 % lead ? 
  how come ? 
  what is the current state of votes right now ? 
  it was a joke, 
  liberal media brainwashes the masses amirite ?!!? 
  i 'm glad . 
  although i 'm fond of neither , van der bellen ( in my opinion ) is the best choice here . 
  is water really wet though ? 
  when you think about it ? 
  i 'm not saying she is wrong ( though this is certainly a big hyperbole , an unnecessary exaggeration ) , but is the personal statement of a barely known person really news worthy ? 
  i 'm actually very happy to see people learn turkish !, 
  but i must ask : why would you learn turkish ? 
  also , if you ever need any help with turkish pm me, 
  is it ? 
  i always thought turkish was one of the easier languages to learn . 
  we have grammar that follows logic and is pretty simple . 
  but it is a lot different from indo-european languages , so for most europeans i can see why it would be difficult . 
  you may be right , i fixed my comment . 
  i thought it was turkish . 
  nevertheless , it appeals to turkish people in europe , i know many people that voted for ukraine just because of that . 
  my bad , i was told it was turkish and when i listened to it , it indeed sounded turkish . 
  did n't know those two languages are that similar . 
  yeah , that 's why a lot of diaspora turks voted for ukraine . 
  the song is about the russian genocide against crimean tatars whom are turkic people . 
  the turkish part says stuff like `` ben bu yerde yaslanamadim '' which translates to `` i could n't grow old in this place '' etc. 
  it is a very political song . 
   there 's no denying it huh ? 
  it 's personal taste , subjective . 
  i did like the song .
