   indeed , elsewhere in this thread i have said i 'm not trying to argue equivalence , and the turkish government is fully legitimate in employing the army in kurdish areas to fight pkk . 
  do you expect me to read to your post history so i can develop a good idea of your stance ? 
  and it was you who tried to justify the death of civilians , saying :  can you point to a single civil war or rebellion that did n't involve civilian deaths ? 
  can you point to a single war that did n't involve civilian deaths ? 
  so let me ask you this : do you think ypg is justified in assisting/arming pkk who has and probably will continue targeting civilians ? 
  when did i express support for the killing of civilians ? 
  quote me . 
  i literally said you can not justify civilian killings . 
  you 're basically saying 9/11 is justified because the u.s. has killed civilians before . 
  is it too difficult of a concept for you to understand sometimes both sides can be in the wrong ? 
  you surely would n't be expressing support for pkk if you lost someone you loved to their attacks . 
  deliberately targeting civilians is different from civilian casualties . 
  do n't try to justify terrorism . 
  freedom fighters who murder civilians ? 
  exactly , in which case you should question why russia is not under the blue flag . 
  whether you think turkey is european or not is entirely irrelevant when turkey is a member of coe which uses the same exact flag . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you that turkey is european . 
  you asked why turkey is under the blue flag and i answered . 
  go question why turkey is a member of the coe or whatever , but at this point you 're just blindly arguing when the links you provided answered your own question . 
   i do n't see how i shut down my argument . 
  your argument is that turkey should n't be covered under that blue flag . 
   it does n't change the fact that the flag is meant to symbolize europe well , the flag was first adopted by the council of europe , which turkey is a part of , and is in fact a prominent member . 
  as such , it makes perfect sense that turkey is represented under that blue flag . 
  not in every case , but in many cases such as this one . 
  i 've never said anything about russia . 
  you should instead question why russia is n't on the map rather than why turkey is . 
  the link you sent yourself proved you wrong . 
  russia is already in the council of europe , by the way . 
  council of europe is exclusively european , in that only countries that are at least partially in europe can be members . 
  cyprus is an exception ( also with the eu . ), 
  and apparently , the flag in the image has been adopted by the council of europe first , so you kind of shot down your own argument . 
  as i said before , turkey has been a member of coe for decades and turkish is one of the 5 official languages of coe . 
  [ check  ( http://imgur.com/i0ake8u.jpg ) adopted by council of europe in 1955 . 
  well that flag is n't the flag of europe , it 's the flag of eu . 
  turkey is in the https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_europe and turkish is one of the 5 official languages of the council of europe . 
  this information is just as relevant as the european economic area . 
  why is serbia switzerland and norway under the blue flag ? 
  no worries . 
  yeah , he 's quite the cunt . 
  sadly most turkish people are n't aware that he is in bed with isis ( at least was ) . 
  they 've come to accept whatever he does as perfect and they ca n't even think he would be capable of doing such an hurrendous thing . 
  what makes you say we support isis ? 
  i do n't know a single turkish person who does so . 
  we do n't know if the munich mall shooter was a muslim . 
  he was a breivik sympathizers and took pride in being german , that 's what we do know . 
  he just tried to explain why he would have a machete near himself . 
  way to be a dick . 
  is this really the time ? 
  bu bayanlar travesti mi ? 
  are you suggesting france could deport millions of muslims ? 
  and ending religious freedom is not going to stop people from practicing their religion . 
  stalin tried this , many more have tried it . 
  it will only make the followers more radical . 
  i 'm saying this as someone who acknowledges the evil religion has produced . 
  my condolences , wish it was in my power to help . 
  we do n't hate you but sarkozy had dissed us numerous times , some of us are upset . 
  personally i like france a lot though , paris is probably the city i 've visited the most in europe ( other than istanbul ) . 
  i guess that makes sense , you guys just have a bad rep for it . 
  not fair but it 's how it goes haha , we also have our share of such unfair stereotypes . 
  yeah but a much larger percentage of your population is made up of gypsies , according to your own sources . 
  there are more irish-descent people in mew york than in dublin , for example , but that does n't say much when new york has nearly 20x the population of dublin . 
  edit : i read the articles of the cited sources . 
  none of them say turkey has 4-5 million gypsies . 
  the first sourve explicitly mentions romania has a much bigger gypsy problem than turkey . 
  most turks i know ( including myself , but for genuine reasons ) like poles . 
  seems i 'm wrong . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  the quote is ironic though considering kurds are just as responsible of the genocide as turks , if not more . 
  does n't mean it 's not not allowed by law to call it a genocide though . 
  but i agree it 's a childish move . 
  for which country ? 
  you mean europe as a whole ? 
  i really doubt it can be anywhere near 8.4 . 
  we need sources . 
  you mean your submission ? 
  i read the article , it does n't say that . 
  not really , i mean i 'm sure there 's more historians that think it 's a genocide but there 's a lot of historians who think otherwise . 
  not saying you 're wrong , but i ca n't find any source that agrees with you . 
  it is not forbidden to call the armenian genocide a genocide in turkey . 
  there 's a difference between government officials addressing the issue personally and the parliament as a whole . 
  individually they may call it whatever they want , i just think it 's wrong for the parliament to make that decision as a whole . 
  also , downvoting me because you disagree with me is not cool . 
  not proper reddit etiquette . 
  what do you think is going to be accomplished by the parliament calling it a genocide ? 
  should n't we leave it to historians to decide ? 
  any such decision made by the parliament will not be objective and will be politically motivated . 
  what exactly would calling it a genocide accomplish ? 
  just like it being illegal to deny the holocaust having happened being a stupid law , so would this be . 
  if i think the holocaust never happened , i should be free to say so . 
  if i think the armenian genocide is in fact not a genocide , that 's also my opinion and the government should n't be telling me to think otherwise , regardless of whether i 'm completely in the wrong or not . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  yeah ? 
  https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/16/germany-prosecuting-satirist-mocks-freedom-speech moreover , it is illegal to deny that the holocaust was a genocide . 
  so much for freedom of speech . 
  75 push-ups in one go or are there breaks in between ? 
  because 75 is a lot , even with training . 
  yeah does n't really take much skill to blow yourself up . 
  there really are n't that many women in pkk anyway , it 's mostly pr as someone else has pointed out . 
  any sources for this ? 
  the east makes up less than a quarter of the population though .
