  good banter mate xdd comedy gold, 
  no need to be hostile, 
   no binge drinking you have n't met the new generation then . 
  these kids around here get absolutely plastered at age 14 . 
  depends how you look at it . 
  russia is neither completely european nor asian . 
  what 's wrong with all of europe being in the eu ? 
  it in certain ways is , in certain ways is n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure the geneva convention forces you to take in war refugees though . 
  not sure what happens if you do n't follow it . 
  right , cause there is no such thing as international law and geneva convention . 
  we 're not north korea , fyi . 
  we ca n't just do whatever we want . 
  they were illegal immigrants , would anyone really expect illegal immigrants to integrate , if they do n't even bother to move here in a legal and legitimate way ? 
  \\  be turkey \\  be kind enough to help millions of refugees \\  get told by other westerners that we really did n't * have * to do that \\  ok , close borders \\  thousands of refugees on the turkish border \\  get told by the west that we really * have * to open our borders \\  comply \\  turkey , you really did n't * have * to tho ... 
  you probably wrote all the possible forms of `` they 're '' except the correct form . 
  they are turkmens , not turks . 
  nice reliable source there . 
  til i 'm living in central asia . 
  well , invading another country i 'm pretty sure goes against many treaties and agreements whenever it happens . 
  i 'm saying , from a logical point of view , it made sense for turkey to invade cyprus in order to protect its citizens from being massacred . 
  sure , it breached a treaty but in the long term , it prevented turkish authority in the region from shrinking and naturally saved a lot of turkish people 's lives . 
  that 's your opinion , and i respect that . 
  but i disagree . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/symbols_of_islam  the star and crescent symbol only became associated with islam in the mid-20th century , in the national flags of various successor states of the ottoman empire . 
   you currently occupy half of one well not really , since that part of cyprus is now an independent country . 
  there is an established government there , with a relatively big local population , why would turkey just let all that go to waste ? 
  what would happen to the turkish folks if the turkish northern cyprus government bailed ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'd see another massacre . 
  or i am dead wrong , but i do n't think we 'll ever know . 
  kind of ironic though considering many eu countries have invaded islands in the past which they still have control over . 
  they do n't even have justification for it , they just went there and took over . 
  sure , but again , i repeat : the basis of the star and crescent on the turkish flag has nothing to do with islam . 
  star and crescent only became a symbol for islam in the 1950 's . 
  you think saudi arabia would n't jump right on it if it symbolized islam back then ? 
  the colour green symbolized ( and still symbolizes ) islam , which turkey doesnt have on her flag . 
  there is a whole story behind the flag of turkey , which you can i believe find in the wikipedia article . 
  i used reverse arrows because i was stupid enough to not be able to figure how to avoid making the text look like i 'm quoting something . 
  the turkish flag has nothing to do with islam either . 
   the red represents the blood of turkey 's soldiers at the time of war they went through and how they survived . 
  the star and crescent design appears on ottoman flags beginning in the late 18th or early 19th century . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_turkey before the 1950 's , the star and crescent did n't even represent islam for other countries either . 
  many historians agree that the star and crescent on the flag was adopted from byzantines . 
  because ? 
  inaction regarding the refugee crisis ? 
  do you even realize that turkey by far carries the biggest load regarding the refugee crisis ? 
  ahahahaha what a shitpost !, 
  oh and do n't forget to kick turkey out of nato too !, 
  hahaha we 'd have an unfair advantage though , 
  did you make this map yourself ? 
  if so , good work !, 
  edit : otherwise , thanks for sharing . 
  pretty sure in the process of erdo\u011fan getting destroyed , we 'd get destroyed too . 
  honestly , we should just send out all our politicians and have them fight in an arena . 
  let 's say the 30 highest ranking turkish politicians vs. 30 highest ranking russian politicians . 
  hopefully we 'll get rid of most of the warmongering ones so that by the end of the battle , we wo n't have any reason to be hostile against each other . 
  nah we 're good . 
  faz\u0131l say : black earth ( composed by himself ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfsm5_4afro edit : also , faz\u0131l say playing turkish march ( composed by mozart ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_whp1kwz8y even though turkish march was composed by mozart , it 's still pretty interesting . 
  i think he 's talking about the dutch nazi party , but that party did n't even get majority vote . 
  it was in place pretty much due to a power vacuum that was created by the german nazis . 
  the german soldiers took the dutch nazis out of prison ( they were sentenced prior to the dutch defeat against nazi germany ) . 
  so i get what he 's talking about , and it is true that the nsb was quite powerful at its peak in the netherlands , and it 's also true that it had up to 100,000 members , but the majority of the dutch people were against them and they would 've never gained power without the german forces . 
  pretty pointless to blame the dutch over this , imo . 
  how so ? 
  new plan : only accept female refugees and we 'll enter eu in no time . 
  let 's put it this way : he asked his audience whether they wanted more moroccans or less moroccans in the country , and the audience started chanting `` less , less , less ! '', 
  to which he responded with a smirk , `` then we 'll take care of that '' . 
  i think he 's very radical in certain ways , not sure if he 's a full blown psycho though . 
  however , i just watched the first 5 minutes of the interview and he does seem reasonable here . 
  i do feel bad for him , nobody deserves to get life threats for speaking up their mind . 
  i guess , the more he is being forced to stay out of touch with the real world , the more radicalized he becomes . 
  i ca n't imagine what it is like to not be able to go to the grocery store on your own . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm saying this but i 'd prefer a military coup over what we have right now . 
  it 's probably not going to happen sadly , erdo\u011fan was smart in taking control of the army , but it would be wonderful if it did happen . 
  let 's hope they do . 
  i do n't know how longer i can tolerate our porn sites being banned . 
   except there is n't a definition of a terrorist.even gandhi and mandela were considered terrorists . 
  * terrorist : a person who uses terrorism in the pursuit of political aims . 
  *  every independent state started from the heart.i respect how they call their homeland , it does n't matter if you dislike that . 
  respect that , i do n't care , but you 're referring to a non-existent place . 
  all i 'm saying . 
  syrian turkmen do not speak turkish people do . 
  sure , they speak a turkic language , but it is not turkish . 
  it is more arabic than it is turkish , their script is in arabic too . 
   the kurds feel like they have a country regardless of political recognition feeling does n't do much , does it . 
  and sure , they have iraqi kurdistan , but no `` turkey kurdistan '' . 
   turkey calls pkk terrorists yeah well they are the definition of a terrorist group , killing civilians left and right , causing chaos in a country , executing officers and smuggling drugs within the country to fund their attacks . 
  whether you support them or not is irrelevant , pkk is by definition a terrorist group who has the blood of infants on their hands . 
  except the turks in cyprus spoke the turkish language , unlike turkmens . 
  also , ` turkish kurdistan ' is n't a thing , let 's not refer to imaginary places . 
  also , kurdish pkk terrorists are terrorizing cities in eastern turkey , and they are being dealt with accordingly . 
  turkish terrorists ? 
  what ? 
  do you realize turkmen = / = turkish ? 
  how is ankara the least attractive city in turkey ? 
  i 'm no ankara fan but let 's not kid ourselves , it 's one of the most liveable cities in turkey . 
   compared to muslim countries are you aware that there are muslim countries other than syria , iraq , saudi arabia etc. ? 
  countries where rape is absolutely not socially acceptable in any form ? 
  in turkey rape rates are way below those of western europe , and the punishment for rape is much heavier . 
  sure , turkey might be a secular country but it has a muslim majority , and your generalization is just absurd .
