  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdistan_regional_government  the turkish government did that just fine over the last year . 
  again , this is empirical fact . 
  there are videos , photos and first hand reports from non turkish/kurdish journalists to prove that turkish troops deliberately killed civilians . 
  how can you go about telling whether a person is a turk or a kurd ? 
  there are subtle differences like slight variations in skin colour but there is no way you can tell someone is a kurd/turk without knowing them . 
  i 'm sure turkish military has done many wrongs though and i do n't support any such actions , particularly if civilians are involved . 
   oh look , you 're wrong !, 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-18410596 http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/ar/culture/2012/06/turkey-to-introduce-elective-kur.html http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/06/2012612133656956705.html http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/turkey/15092014 kurdish-taught schools do exist , i 've seen it first hand . 
  not a lot of them admittedly , but they do . 
   eh , the hdp passed the 10 % threshold the second time too . 
  are you really that unaware of turkish politics ? 
  i meant in the polls . 
  right now they 're averaging 8 % on national polls . 
   because up until a few years ago , akp were the first party in the history of the turkish state to give rights to kurds . 
  when that started to change , so did the voting patterns . 
  not really no it did n't , akp is still strong as ever . 
   it happened in scotland . 
  you seem to have missed that too . 
  except scotland was already autonomous . 
  you ca n't equate them . 
  multiple countries came together to form the united kingdom , and now they almost wanted out . 
  it 's different . 
   again , nobody 's killing kurds in turkey , unless they fight for pkk/tak etc. 
  even then , they get arrested if possible . 
  ever since pkk brought the fight to the cities , yes many civilians have died . 
  if you mean to tell me there is ethnic cleansing going on in turkey against kurds , that 's just laughable . 
  many of the civilians who died were turks . 
   if they desire self rule , yes . 
  one day glorious cornwall will be independent . 
  how do you know kurds desire self rule ? 
  again , most kurds vote for akp . 
  kurds make up around 25 % of the country if i 'm not mistaken , and bdp gets around 10 % including turkish votes which makes up around half of the 10 % . 
  so realistically maybe 1/5th of all kurds have voted for bdp . 
  pkk does not speak for kurdish people , kurdish people have protested pkk themselves . 
  not a surprise since kurds suffered just as much thanks to pkk . 
   pkk : domestic kurds fighting an armed rebellion against the turkish government , using terrorist tactics against police and soldiers . 
  see there 's our problem , you think pkk does n't target civilians . 
  well they do . 
  if you do n't believe me , i can link to you many suicide bombings which they executed in public , or killing drivers of cars that they stop in the middle of the road , etc. 
   if you think there is any kind of logic in your comparison , i am afraid we can add logic to literally in the list of words you do not understand . 
  how about we focus on arguments instead of coming up with stupid insults ? 
  i do know what literally means by the way , i literally thought i literally wrote that exact sentence but it turns out i did not . 
   nope , i pointed out the civilians die in every conflict and that drawing an arbitrary line between civilians who die due to ` terrorism ' and those who die due to ` military actions ' is stupid . 
  it is n't stupid at all . 
  targeting civilians will result in a much higher death toll and it speaks volumes about the motivations of the armed group . 
  if you 're gon na equate deliberately targeting civilians and accidental civilian casualties , we might as well put u.s. and al-qaeda on the same basket . 
  you 're invalidating your argument regarding al-qaeda . 
   turkey has shown that it presents an existential threat to any kurdish organisation or state within syria . 
  how many ypg troops and syrian kurdish civilians has turkey killed with it 's artillery and airforce already ? 
  aha , you 're avoiding the question and answering with another question . 
  answer the question i asked with a simple yes or no , ca n't be too difficult . 
  so let me ask you again : do you think ypg is justified in assisting/arming pkk who has and probably will continue targeting civilians ? 
   turkey will not offer a plebiscite or independence to kurds in turkey . 
  neither does spain for catalonia , is there anything more natural for a country to try to remain whole ? 
   kurds suffer discrimination at best they really do n't though , i mean not anymore . 
  turkey has allowed kurdish to be taught at schools , i mean there are schools with only kurdish curriculum . 
  speaking kurdish is not illegal , saying that you 're a kurd is not illegal . 
  provide sources when you say kurds face discrimination . 
   death at worse in turkey nobody goes around killing kurdish civilians . 
  there 's literally more than 15 million kurds in turkey . 
  they live together with turks just fine . 
  if even half of those 15 million kurds supported independence , it would have happened already . 
  but most kurds vote for erdogan ( whom i hate by the way ) . 
   erdogan has shown he wants less independence and less self determination for kurds in turkey . 
  yeah i hate him too but you really got ta cite some sources . 
  it was during his presidency that kurdish schools became a thing , a kurdish national channel ( trt kurdi ) was opened , etc. 
   given that they have no access to democratic means to achieve independence , what do you expect the more radical elements to do ? 
  again and again , the kurdish party bdp barely gets any sizeable votes . 
  the one time it did alright in the parliament ( passing the 10 % threshold ) was the time secular turks voted for bdp in order for akp to not have absolute majority . 
  the next elections , bdp fell under the threshold again . 
  you really expect us to hold a fucking referendum to split our country apart ? 
  how would you want to do that ? 
  do i get to vote as a turk ? 
  do i have a say in what happens to my country 's lands ? 
  would 've happened in spain or the u.s. already if such things would happen . 
   turkey has shown that it has no problem in indiscriminately killing kurds in turkey , syria and at times , iraq . 
  again , nobody 's killing kurds in turkey , unless they fight for pkk/tak etc. 
  even then , they get arrested if possible . 
   turkey has a right to defend its borders and its cohesion as a state . 
  yes . 
   kurds in syria have a right to defend themselves against turkey . 
  yes . 
   kurds in turkey have the natural right to self rule through democratic means . 
  so because they are of a different ethnicity , they should self-rule ? 
  goddammit dude , if all minorities in each country were to gain independence , we would see thousands of new countries form . 
  all turkish citizens are equal under turkish law . 
   you 're justifying ( legitimising ) the deaths of civilians as long as it can be claimed that it was n't ` deliberate ' . 
  i 'm not though . 
  i 'm just saying there 's a difference between civilian casualties that arise due to war and deliberately targeting civilians . 
  neither are justified , but there is a difference . 
   you did n't ` literally say you can not justify civilian killings ' . 
  yeah apparently i did n't , thought i did . 
   you do n't know what literally means . 
  i do , and what does this have to do with anything ? 
   i never said 9/11 is justified . 
  nah you did n't but it 's the same logic . 
  if turkish citizens deserve to be killed by pkk terrorists because their government killed kurds in the past , with that same logic 9/11 would be justified too since the u.s. also killed civilians . 
   i never even mentioned the pkk . 
  well you did n't mention ypg either until your previous comment , so how am i supposed to know ? 
  we were discussing how ypg was arming/assisting pkk and you replied to that comment .
