  but otherwise , what makes turkey less civilized than countries like bulgaria , romania etc. ? 
  turkey gave women the right to vote long before many other european nations did . 
  it never tried to ban abortion . 
  democracy , functioning with a lot of flaws , has still been succesfull to a great extent . 
  although not necessarily a sign of a civilized nation but rather a liberal one , brothels are regulated by the government . 
  i get that you 're trying to insult us but if you had ever visited turkey you would 've seen that we live our lives not that much differently than you . 
  especially in western cities like istanbul and izmir . 
  we have atheist organizations , gay communities and what not . 
  although this year it did n't happen , we have an annual lgbt walk attended by tens of thousands of people . 
  you would n't be able to do that in an uncivilized nation . 
   collectively piss and moan like a little girl when called pigfuckers . 
  yeah , that might just be because iranians that live in iran very limited access to internet . 
  call an iranian a pigfucker in real life and see how they feel about that . 
  what makes me a pigfucker ? 
  or us turks in general ? 
  obviously being called a pigfucker wo n't make me happy . 
   if anything you 're more like russia how so ? 
   except without testicles . 
  yeah , that 's why turkey shot down a russian jet . 
  because it has no balls . 
  talk about no testicles : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/the-big-question-why-are-dutch-soldiers-being-sued-for-the-massacre-at-srebrenica-849944.html and you calling us cowards is rich , especially considering the dutch resistance against the germans . 
  even better , more dutch people died fighting * for * the nazis than against . 
  now that does n't define dutch people but i 'm just using your logic against you . 
  if you 're calling us pigfuckers you better substantiate your claims . 
  when you say we have no balls , i say the same about you except i provide examples for it . 
  your nation is in a coasy bubble , protected from any sort of violence . 
  no crazy bordering countries , no russia breathing on your neck . 
  how can you call us cowards from your comfy armchair ? 
  we will never be anything close to iran . 
  well wales got more back than they gave . 
  yeah i took it the wrong way . 
  i thought he meant that all the things we were being stereotyped with is true , while with the brits , it 's not . 
  i readily assume any comment about us is hostile these days , my fault . 
  i 'll edit the comment . 
  are you saying this objectively or as a welsh person ? 
  because eu has done nothing but help wales . 
  what the fuck is that supposed to mean ca n't tell if you 're insulting or making trying to make a statement . 
  edit : i may have taken it the wrong the way , sorry if you were being nice . 
  you do n't know how it feels to be turkish on the internet . 
  we easily get the most shit . 
  although i got ta admit , all the `` french people surrender , white flag amirite xd '' banter does get repetitive . 
  i replied under a thread about poland banning abortion and how that was disappointing , all the replies i got were `` look who 's talking '' , `` ironic coming from a turk , huh '' etc. 
  i 'm gon na proudly wear my flag but it 's not pleasant having to deal with this constantly . 
  people judging you not by the content of your comment but by your flag . 
  i 'm a progressive liberal in many aspects , as are millions of turks . 
  but fuck us , right ? 
  that 's how we feel , except all year round . 
  we do n't really study the `` fairness '' aspect of it . 
  we did learn about how janisarries are simply typically foreign children taken away from their parents at an early age , however . 
  it 's not like we cover those facts with a mask . 
  did we learn about any massacres or anything committed by the ottomans ? 
  did we learn about any massacres committed against the turkish people ? 
  typically , our focus is the formation and fall ( and important events in between ) of the ottoman empre and the historical context in a broader sense . 
  we do learn a lot about our independence war , the lausanne treaty etc. 
  not saying our history classes are not biased , but they are as biased as any country teaches history their own way . 
  i 'm willing to bet it 's less biased than how americans teach their history . 
  not once did we learn that everything was fine and danndy during those days . 
  on the contrary , we learned about how the population of the ottoman empire suffered during its final stages . 
  i 'm proud of my country 's history and i 'm willing to admit my ancestors have committed atrocities at parts . 
  but i do n't accept the notion that we are guilty and everyone else is innocent . 
  whatever we do , people manage to brand us as evil . 
  try being in our shoes for once , we get treatment we do n't deserve . 
  yeah but we do n't study about the persecution and massacres of the turkish population in the balkans either . 
   our books specify ? 
  that 's a broad generalization . 
  a genocide against turks happened too during the exact same time . 
  and the fact that you do n't even know about it tells us something . 
  my grandparents were lucky enough to simply be exiled from their home country in the balkans , where they were born , spoke the language of , part of a community of . 
  and yet it is nothing but fortunate that it stayed with that . 
  millions got killed there . 
  i 'm not saying it happened or it did not . 
  but the fact that all the atrocities committed against turkish people are ignored , especially in the balkans in early 1900 's , is what boils my blood . 
  if countries that committed atrocities against us would admit to them , i would be entirely in favour of doing the same . 
  but the truth is , we are the most hated nation on earth by far , and admitting to a genocide will hurt us even more . 
  it 's not like anyone who committed the atrocities is alive and yet we are being personally blamed for what happened . 
  you have a good point but it 's not the same situation . 
  it would take decades before turkey would become such a state where all traces of what it once was has been lost . 
  also , hitler 's approval ratings were on the 90th percentile . 
  erdo\u011fan 's fluctuates between 20-30 % iirc . 
  it 's not like you could possibly presecute that many people . 
  you would cause a civil war . 
  secularists are still in the military , they are still in the government , our judges , teachers etc. 
  and unlike in 1930 and 40 's , we are able to communicate to the masses . 
  everyone is informed about what is happening . 
  if germans had that ability back in the days , things would be a lot different . 
  that would be their end though . 
  erdo\u011fan has no majority in this country . 
  this country is founded on secularism , secularism is our backbone . 
  you can not purge those that form the basis of your country , there 's too many of us . 
  * almost no doubt * is n't equal to * no doubt * . 
  he never straight out said `` he cheated '' . 
  not really . 
  there 's almost no doubt that he cheated = he most likely cheated, 
  i really did n't want to reply because i 've been getting comments like this but it genuinely annoys me when people reply to me based on my flair . 
  how the fuck is what you 're saying relevant at all ? 
  what makes you think i give a rats ass about kurds or whatever ? 
  bigot , this sub was n't this prejudiced not long ago . 
  this was before uk screwed themselves over . 
  no need to go down in a sinking ship if you can hop on a rescue boat . 
  johnson is partially turkish after all .
