  regardless of the numbers , turkey has arrested a considerable amount of isis affiliates . 
  it has also bombed a couple isis camps . 
  as i said , it might not be a lot , but it is certainly a lot more than most other countries and it certainly is n't ` nothing useful ' . 
  to provoke isis means to possibly provoke thousands if not tens of thousands of the possibly dangerous syrian refugees in turkey which might be sympathizing towards isis . 
  it made total sense for turkey to keep a low profile against isis until now . 
  of course now that isis actually attacked turkey , turkey has to fight back , but my whole point is that what turkey has been doing against isis is being radically underestimated . 
  this cartoon depicts an image that is incorrect . 
  let me summarize you what is going on and then you can judge the cartoon for yourself : turkey used to not attack isis ( there are many logical reasons for this , but i 'm not going to go that deep . 
  some say turkey was aiding isis , may or may not be true , really not the point . ), 
  now , isis attacked turkey with a suicide bombing and killed more than 30 people and injured more than 100 . 
  naturally , turkey retaliated and attacked isis . 
  a couple days after the isis attack , pkk ( kurdish terrorist group inside turkey which by the way has never fought isis ) killed 2 turkish police officers and broke an existing ceasefire between turkey and pkk . 
  later , they executed more turkish police officers in broad daylight , a barbaric act . 
  meanwhile , another kurdish terrorist group ( like it or not , it is considered a terrorist group ) called ypg was fighting isis for quite some time . 
  currently , turkey is fighting isis . 
  and pkk . 
  turkey has never once attacked ypg , let alone kurdish people as a whole . 
  pkk is fighting turkey and turkey alone , has never attacked isis and pkk is in no way or form representative of the kurdish population . 
  most kurds are against the violent acts of pkk . 
  now , the cartoon says turkey and kurds are pointing guns at each other , instead of isis . 
  this is funny because first of all , turkey is not fighting kurds , its fighting pkk , and the ` kurds ' ( pkk ) the economist shows had no aim of fighting isis anyway . 
  for that reason , this cartoon does n't make a whole lot of sense . 
  it is sad that even a credible source such as the economist can be this misinformed about this situation . 
  they do n't owe him shit , yes , but misinforming the public and manipulating the facts is an act that often times can even be considered illegal . 
  now this cartoon may not go to that extremes but it certainly depicts a wrong image of the situation and misinforms the public . 
  i think that is his whole point . 
  according to your link , finland and sweden is a 3rd world country while south africa is a 1st world country . 
  and what has germany done so far ? 
  plenty less than turkey , i promise . 
  you 're saying turkey has n't done anything useful , which is utter bullshit . 
  turkey has arrested more than a thousand isis affiliates and bombed a couple isis camps . 
  admittedly i 'm hoping for more but to say that turkey has n't done anything useful is factually incorrect . 
  not really . 
  the mere fact that the right-wing party is attempting to make it provocative means that not everyone can win here . 
  if the muslims actually remain silent and peaceful , the normally anti-gay party will have not only failed at provoking the muslims but also have failed at this at the expense of organizing a gay parade . 
  the ottoman empire was n't really `` muslim '' muslim , the ottoman empire was extremely diverse and had people of all religions and backgrounds . 
  believe it or not , turkish people were actually an elite minority of the ottoman empire ( elite does n't mean superior , it is in the sense that they ruled the country ), 
  they attempt to make it provocative . 
  doubt it 'll work . 
  similarly , you 'll see christians cussing at gay parades and what not , dislike for gay people is n't unique to muslims nor christians . 
  not all muslims dislike gay people and i believe not even a small minority would go out of their way to actually try to stop the parade . 
  what exactly have the lenders done to break their trust . 
  what exactly have the lenders done to break their trust . 
   and when muslims say christians , jews , and pagens lived peacefully under muslim rule , they are again lying . 
  look up dhimmitude . 
  they did live peacefully at the ottoman empire . 
  heck , jewish people escaped from christian countries to move to the turkish empire for a peaceful life . 
   ugh , so no ideas are dangerous , nothing said is harmful , nazi germany was just a random convergence of 50 million psychopaths . 
  no , i 'm simply saying that christianity is just as dangerous as islam , and the verse i gave you as an example was to prove that christianity is also open to interpretation for violence . 
  also in the qu ` ran it states `` taking the life of one man , is like killing all of humanity '' . 
  there are many such verses in the qu ` ran that forbid killing and violence . 
  also , contradictory or not , it says religion should not be forced upon anyone . 
  a muslim person can choose to follow the religion peacefully or violently , and a christian person has the same option . 
  no need to start insulting , trying to keep a peaceful argument here . 
  what you 're doing is right now denying that the old testament is part of christianity . 
  you 're saying that the old testament = torah . 
  no , just because it was mainly jews who followed the old testament does n't make the old testament any less christian . 
  ask any christian , they 'll say that the old testament is the word of god . 
  many christians interpret the bible in such a way that they believe the old testament carries validity . 
  that 's why i 'm saying it depends on the interpretation . 
  i do believe that the new testament is more peaceful but christianity does n't only consist of the new testament . 
  also , mohammed might 've been violent but the way muslims interpret it is that he 's defended his people or some bs , i ca n't give you the proper justification from the top of my head but they believe that mohammed was a peaceful , gentle , kind person that would never harm anyone unless he had to . 
  as i said , it depends on how you interpret it . 
  if you 're violent by nature , religion will expose the violence in you . 
  because i have read the bible . 
  you said it was the jews , but read this : '' `` if a man has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not obey the voice of his father or the voice of his mother , and , though they discipline him , will not listen to them , then his father and his mother shall take hold of him and bring him out to the elders of his city at the gate of the place where he lives , and they shall say to the elders of his city , ` this our son is stubborn and rebellious ; he will not obey our voice ; he is a glutton and a drunkard . ' then all the men of the city shall stone him to death with stones . 
  so you shall purge the evil from your midst , and all israel shall hear , and fear . '', 
  quoting from the bible . 
  from a purely objective point of view , the bible is just as violent as the qu ` ran . 
  i do n't say this for the sake of political correctness , it is what i truly believe . 
  you clearly lack basic history knowledge if you really suggest islam was way more barbaric than christianity in the middle ages . 
  from my perspective , neither christianity nor islam are good ideologies , but it depends on how the follower interprets it . 
  i 'm not a muslim , and do n't defend islam , but if you assumed everyone followed their religion word by word christians would be killing their children in the middle of the town , because they were being disrespectful towards their parents . 
  you 're absolutely right , and i do not blame refugees for the way they are . 
  who knows how much they 've been through , how many deaths they 've witnessed , what was taken away from them . 
  but as you said , it does n't excuse their crimes . 
  hopefully they 'll change once they settle in , and maybe even assimilate . 
  i 'll hopefully visit north and south holland this summer !, 
  love the word gezellig by the way , even though i can not pronounce it :p and you should come here someday , we do n't have red light districts and weed , but we usually have sunny weather :d, 
  haha , that was perfect !, 
  i swear i read an article that said all of eu accepted less than 25,000 : / i must be mistaken . 
  and you are right , geographically we are much closer , but aside from a shared religion , we are culturally a lot more different than syrians !, 
  we had an lgbt walk in istanbul today , which is something syrians could n't tolerate . 
  but oh well , hopefully they 'll learn to respect us and we can respect them . 
  much love to the netherlands , been there before , kan een beetje nederlands spreeken !, 
  ( was that also good ? 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.turkiyegazetesi.com.tr/yasam/254686.aspx ) [ 2 ] ( http://ulusalportal.com/haber/guncel/16165-01120207.html ) [ 3 ] ( http://www.nethaberler.net/yerel/antalyada-suriyeli-dehset-sacti-1-olu-h2120.html ) [ 4 ] ( http://www.haberturk.com/gundem/haber/998652-suriyeli-plakali-aractaki-kisiler-dehset-sacti ) [ 5 ] ( http://www.haberturk.com/gundem/haber/899048-suriyeli-grup-dehset-sacti ) [ 6 ] ( http://www.gazetevatan.com/suriyeli-isci-dehset-sacti-patronunun-karisini-bogdu--660796-gundem/ ) [ 7 ] ( http://www.iha.com.tr/haber-suriyelilerle-bicakli-kavga-4-yarali-473551/ ) i realize you do n't read turkish , but these are a couple of links about all the violence they 've caused in turkey recently . 
  so , it 's not only you guys . 
  heck , it 's mostly us who have to deal with this , we accepted more than 1,5 million syrian refugees and you guys accepted what , a couple hundred ? 
  well , if they are significantly more likely to commit crimes , all i can say is that statistics do n't lie . 
  edit : of course i do n't think the average mindset of syrian refugees are predisposed to commit crimes , but the fact that they come from extreme poverty and lack of education as well as lack of gratefulness combined causes this behavior . 
  i 'm from turkey , just like you , and even though i have n't personally seen a syrian refugee rape anyone ( obv ) , i have personally witnessed them attacking turkish shop owners . 
  we have 1,5 million syrian refugees in our countries and they 're causing a lot of conflict . 
  now , i am normally pretty liberal , but honestly the average mindset of syrian refugees worry me . 
  we 've had african refugees for years in this country , none of them ever causing trouble . 
  in turkey , muslim * refugees * are also overly represented in sexual crimes . 
  it 's got little to do with the fact that they 're muslims and more to do with the fact that they 're probably uneducated refugees who come from a place with little civilization . 
  as a turkish person , i am all for helping those in conflict areas but trust me when i say that many cities of ours has become hell due to some refugees . 
  i 'm not a muslim myself but i feel it 's incorrect to blame it on muslims . 
  what if it was turkey who got attacked ?
