  but how can you tell an ethnic latvian from a non-ethnic latvian ? 
  i guess the name is a giveaway but it 's certainly not fool proof , you can have a latvian name and not be ethnically latvian . 
  is there some sort of rule that states what makes someone ethnically latvian , i.e. 
  you must be at least 3rd generation latvian citizen etc. 
  oh god this is gold . 
  probably made by a 14 year old too . 
   welcoming all isis volunteers source ? 
   bombing kurds positions instead of isis ones nah , turkey is doing both . 
   complete inaction during the siege of kobane except turkey opened borders for ypg/pkk members in turkey to go to kobane to fight as they wish . 
  other than that , kobane is not turkey 's problem . 
   besides , 99 % of the current positive developments are more due to russia 's intervention that 's laughable . 
  just go to / r/syriancivilwar and see how much they appreciate that comment there . 
  you 're misinformed , turkey literally destroyed all of isis territory near the turkish border not long ago . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/syria-isis-latest-news-turkey-tanks-offensive-attack-syrian-civil-war-jihadist-us-jarablus-north-a7206826.html http://www.cbc.ca/beta/news/world/isis-loses-all-territory-along-syria-turkey-border-1.3748049 moreover , purges within turkey continue , every week tens of isis members are captured , some even with suicide vests . 
  http://english.alarabiya.net/en/news/middle-east/2016/09/19/turkish-police-detain-40-over-links-with-isis.html turkey captured 845km ^ 2 territory from isis * within two weeks alone * - and this happened a little more than a week ago . 
  http://aranews.net/2016/09/turkey-seizes-control-845-km%c2%b2-syrian-territory/ now i know everyone likes bashing on turkey , but to ignore the recent developments is just feeding on ignorance . 
  considering how russia 's bombing of the rebels has in fact enabled isis , it 's ridiculous how you claim russia is responsible for 99 % of the fight against isis . 
  they have been very much inactive lately . 
  i hate erdo\u011fan but turkey made more progress fighting against isis in two weeks than ypg or whatever did in two years . 
  i suggest you check / r/syriancivilwar if you want to be up to date with things , isis lost a massive amount of territory to turkey recently considering how small the timescale has been . 
  asking out of genuine curiosity , how has turkey been unfriendly in the past decades or so ? 
  i doubt it has ever posed a threat . 
  vienna is n't even mentioned in the link i provided . 
  the genocides occurred mostly during the final years of the ottoman empire , and it happened in the balkans . 
  my grandparents are among those who were persecuted . 
  try harder . 
  and oppression is considered genocide now ? 
  stop twisting words , jackass . 
  there were full blown ethnically motivated murders against turks in cyprus . 
  http://imgur.com/a/hdci9 here are some of the innocent turkish cypriots murdered in cyprus during the bloody christmas . 
  there were no paramilitaries or nothing , do n't know where you came to that from . 
  turkish families were literally butchered in their homes . 
  women , children , with no discrimination . 
  but you 're not really against murder or genocide or whatever . 
  you 're only against it if being so is in line with your political agenda . 
  fuck your double standards . 
  there 's ukrainian sex slaves in many many countries my man . 
  that war was 600 years ago , and it did n't even belong to ukraine back then . 
  jesus man , you 're really holding some serious grudge . 
  also , it apparently was n't even the ottomans attacking , it was the mongols . 
  the state was by far and large ruled under tatar law , not ottoman law . 
  i do yeah . 
  and when will you address my other points ? 
   kurds link please ? 
  also , why are you not addressing my other point , the bloody christmas ? 
  are we gon na ignore that again ? 
  and that 's their excuse ? 
  laughable . 
  greek military is no match for the turkish one . 
  and nobody seems to know why turkey intervened . 
  well , read up on it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_christmas_ ( 1963 ) you ca n't just murder turkish civilians for the sole reason they are turkish , do that like it 's nothing and expect no repercussions ? 
  i am the first to recognize the mistakes of my country , but the intervention is absolutely not one of them . 
  perhaps it is time for a unification now , but that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  imagine if religious leaders in turkey organized ethnic cleansing against some minority in turkey as recently as a few decades ago . 
  the whole world would be bashing us ( oh wait ... ) . 
  but everyone is quick to forget what turkish cypriots have suffered under genocidal freaks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims also funnily enough , kurds played a large if not larger role in much of the genocides you listed , and yet you have the audacity to call them the victims as well . 
  pathetic , insulting us and resenting us because of that and yet supporting the kurds just shows how two-faced you guys are . 
  you 're bringing up all these dark moments in history to push your view further , while selectively leaving out important information . 
  and then expect us to apologize/feel bad for shit that happened when not even my grandparents existed . 
  your ancestors played a part in massacres as much as mine did for all we know . 
  borders change indeed , that 's exactly my point . 
  let 's stop pretending greece has any claim on istanbul today . 
   still it 's been almost 600 years . 
  it 's not occupied by us , it belongs to us . 
  how butthurt can you be ? 
  also , it no longer is constantinople , it 's istanbul . 
  if we do n't accept them , it 's up to whoever was trying to send them to us to send them elsewhere . 
  some of you folks really ca n't take a joke , can you . 
  yeah but why would turkey accept illegal immigrants ? 
  and why would turkey accept the illegal immigrant ? 
  ah russia today , they 're known for being the most reliable and objective source - especially when it comes to matters involving syria . 
  good point . 
  it was n't so much that the coup was posing the danger itself but that the civilians on the streets were . 
  the coup was terribly organized though , otherwise before civilians even knew what was happening it would be over . 
  nah to be fair she has a point . 
  german turks can indeed be like that . 
  sure i do n't think there is nothing wrong with them loving turkey and what not , but they also have to love the country they live in and the people they live with . 
  also the coup would n't turn us into syria v2 . 
  we 've had many coups in the past . 
  i entirely agree with you , but i can not agree with those parenthesizes . 
   i ca n't find any non-turkish articles on the widespread targeting of civilians by the pkk in recent years . 
  yeah cause most of the recent ones are done against individuals . 
  like recently a civilian was killed after trying to drive away from the pkk terrorists . 
  the toll was n't high enough for international coverage , most of them are n't . 
  but many many instances in which pkk has attacked civilians . 
  i wo n't provide any turkish sources , i get that you 're skeptical . 
  also , if you 're just going to ignore any civilian attacks by pkk that 's more than a year old , you should do the same for turkey . 
  if we 're not doing that , i 'll find you plenty of international sources regarding civilian targeting by pkk . 
   http://kurdishdailynews.org/2016/01/17/pkk-apologizes-for-the-civilians-killed-in-a-recent-attack-on-turkish-police-hq-in-kurdistan/ if turkish sources are n't trustworthy , why would kurdish ones be ? 
  i would like to see proper sources for that one . 
   turkish armed forces have unequivocally killed more civilians than all kurdish terrorist organisations combined . 
  so has the u.s. army , due to the fact it 's the national army and will engage in many many more battles than a terrorist organization . 
  if turkey engages in 100 battles and kills 10 civilians , while pkk engages in 10 battles and kills 5 civilians , does that make turkey worse ? 
  obviously these numbers are not meant to represent anything accurate , but i 'm just pointing out why what you 're saying is irrelevant . 
   given that both result in civilian deaths through deliberate actions , how are they not equatable ? 
  even in front of the law deliberate murder and accidental manslaughter is treated differently . 
  it is not equatable . 
   catalonia has its own government and parliament . 
  do the kurds ?
