   i 'm a decent looking female good for you . 
   and here we have a lot of muslim palestinians . 
  i have been catcalled , cled names etc. 
  okay , why are you telling me this ? 
   i usually flip them off and tell them to fuck off , but not all women are like me i 'm just imagining an absolute redneck of a woman who thinks so highly of herself right now . 
  good fucking job for standing up , why are you telling me this ? 
  i really do n't care . 
  do n't you think i 'd mention it if any of my close female relatives were harassed ? 
  also , is harassment limited to sexual harassment ? 
  i 've been harassed by street thugs more than i can count , because they are thugs and because they wanted my money . 
  how does that explain why i 'm not harassed ? 
  edit : i 'm not even muslim . 
  turkey will live a second first world war my ass . 
  what a load of nonsense . 
  and isis will disagree with most everything i say too . 
  what 's your point exactly ? 
  of course not . 
  you 're talking as if i 'm saying turkey has the right to claim soil in greece or bulgaria or whatever land belonged to the ottoman empire in the past . 
  it 's ridiculous that we have to ask for permission to rule over our own soil . 
  turkish empire has lost most of its lands in the balkans and middle east - fair and square . 
  but south east turkey belongs and has belonged to turkish nations for centuries ( today too ) , it 's not like kurds have the right to claim those lands as if those lands belonged to them for centuries . 
   britain is the successor of the british empire but that does n't give it the right to occupy india the ottoman empire did n't colonize the lands that we know today as turkey . 
  india never belonged to the british empire , it was merely a colony . 
   it would be ridiculous for the mongols to demand all of asia because of genghis khan . 
  yeah , exactly , and turkey is n't demanding anything ? 
  what 's your point ? 
   they have the same national rights as the turks do . 
  they do indeed . 
   if you do n't allow them those rights , turkey will live a second first world war so good luck with that . 
  what is this even supposed to mean ? 
  turkey by its constitution has its borders defined and every single citizen of turkey by law has to abide the constitution . 
  no one citizen is above the other , this has nothing to do with granting anyone any rights . 
  turkey is the successor of the ottoman empire , which ruled those lands for centuries . 
  how do they have the right to govern `` themselves '' ? 
  as if south-east turkey is n't being governed by turkey ? 
  what gives the kurds the right of autonomy there ? 
  thank you for empathizing . 
  i find that too many people get caught up in the wind of nationalism and political hatred that they fail to see the people who died are just that . 
  people . 
  ordinary people like you and me . 
  it really sucks , and i do n't see the situation getting any better , all i hope is that erdo\u011fan loses enough support until the next elections and another party is voted into power . 
  but next elections are in a good 3-4 years , and by then it might just be too late . 
  how is this related ? 
  kurds were n't majority in most of the area until a few decades ago . 
  what right do they have to hold a referendum ? 
  the soil belongs to turkey . 
  it has for centuries . 
  probably less , cause is n't 5 % the number of people in the netherlands who originate from muslim-majority countries ? 
  very likely that a good portion of these people have abandoned their faith too . 
   we also do kill innocent kurds as much as `` we '' kill innocent turks . 
  it 's not like there is discrimination of any sort when it comes to these , nobody is deliberately targeted . 
  could be pkk or any related kurdish militant group , or it could be isis . 
   long term outlook \u0130zmir is known for being the most ` european ' and liberal city in turkey . 
  the progressiveness of \u0130zmir seems to slowly fade away as people with radically different mentalities came here . 
   tensions most people here used to be in favor of helping refugees , but now that there are a lot of them , racism is on the rise for sure . 
  people want them gone , i just want a better solution to be found . 
   rising crime rates on the news recently it said sexual assaults in turkey saw a 30 % increase or something in the past year . 
  i have no specific data for \u0130zmir but theft etc. 
  does happen way more often , according to my uncle who is ex-head of police department in \u0130zmir . 
   unemployment i really do n't know . 
  unemployment in turkey was already high but i 'm not sure how much the refugees affected this . 
   downward pressure on wages well , since syrian refugees are fine with working for lower wages , i reckon there is a downward pressure . 
  but i have no statistics to back up my claim . 
   citizenship i read that about syrian refugees gave birth to 300,000 ~ infants in turkey since the beginning of the refugee crisis . 
  i think these infants will be eligible for turkish citizenship as turkey has similar citizenship laws with the us . 
  their parents probably wo n't get citizenship though , not for a decade or so anyway according to the normal regulations . 
  as if eu countries are housing majority of the refugees , let alone all war refugees in the world . 
  they do n't integrate . 
  i can only speak for refugees in \u0130zmir but it looks like they have no life pretty much . 
  many of them sleep on the streets , all lumped up together . 
  most of the kids do n't go to school either . 
  one thing that happened is they pretty much took over a cafe/bar street in \u0130zmir and now instead of turkish music , arabic songs took over . 
  that 's exactly what you did , to be fair . 
  \\  swedish sounds weird \\  speaks finnish himself my great grandma is finnish and it 's by far the weirdest language i 've heard . 
  sounds like complete gibberish , as if you guys are making up sounds on the spot that have no actual meaning . 
  g\u00f6te giren \u015femsiye a\u00e7\u0131lmaz translation : the umbrella which has entered the butt ( as in , arsehole ) wo n't open meaning/when it 's used : what happened has happened , there 's no going back/fixing it anymore . 
  you 're not backing up your claims . 
  you made a statement . 
  that 's all . 
  no backing up whatsoever . 
  all you said was :  turkey literally extinguished the romano greek culture and i cant believe you would honestly think middle eastern culture has more to do with rome than the west , which wven outside romes borders has modelled itself on the classics while turkey at best tolerated it . 
  that 's a claim . 
  so where is the evidence ? 
  anything to back this up ? 
  but you 're not backing your claims , unlike the historian . 
  i 'm more than happy to hear any counter-claims you have , with supported evidence of course . 
  also , the fact that you downvoted me is telling . 
  so you claim to know more than a historian specialized in this matter ? 
  alright , i 'm sure your prejudice is not clouding your judgment . 
  that 's rich , coming from someone with the name `` tiamat666 '', 
   the only people who want turkey to be considered `` european '' and to join the eu are a handful of rich turkish kids who either live in wealthy areas in istanbul or not in the country at all . 
  clearly you 've never been to turkey , never visited cities like \u0130zmir , edirne , antalya , tekirda\u011f . 
  these cities are more liberal and western than some other balkan cities you can count . 
  not only rich kids in turkey are the way you described it . 
   the general population of turkey , see themselves as turks , different than europeans , middle easterners , and unique . 
  got any source on this ? 
   most turks also do n't want to join the eu maybe now that is the case , maybe because the eu has screwed us over pretty much ? 
  a decade ago everyone was dying to join the eu . 
  now everyone 's simply butthurt , but let me tell you , if there was a general vote whether to join eu or not , the general vote would absolutely be yes . 
  turks want to be part of eu , they just can not admit to it .
