   i 'm sorry for the sane turks but you are a minority right now . 
  so are we ? 
  says who ? 
   we are witnessing how a country descends into religious dictatorship you mean a theocracy ? 
  public polls show that 91 % of the population ( with a 5 % margin ) is in favor of keeping secularism in the new constitution . 
  if they attempt to remove secularism , rebellions the likes of which have never been seen before will spark in the country . 
  think gezi parki , but 5x bigger . 
  we 're not dead yet , we 're not gon na let a bunch of goatfuckers remove secularism . 
  arrest and deport who exactly ? 
   so the turks are saying they killed hundreds of thousands of armenian civilians , including untold numbers of women and children , `` to defend their nation '' . 
  when you oversimplify things , you can make any argument sound dumb . 
  the turkish claim is that armenians were massacring turkish civilians in the same manner , which is true for the most part . 
  there is lots of evidence of armenians slaughtering turkish civilians . 
  it 's in a sense a back-and-forth thing , if you have ever read `` song of solomon '' , the vengeance of the locals in the turkish empire were akin to the `` seven days '' in sos . 
  it 's not like the people there were bored and decided to kill people for no reason . 
  many things built up to this , such as the armenian revolt to take lands from the ottoman empire in collaboration with the russians . 
  this is n't necessarily unjustified as i get any nation would want their own independent country , although you can not expect the locals to treat that with respect . 
  i think ( from what happened in my country ) that although hofer faired well in the first round , he will most likely lose the second round . 
  the conservative far-right usually has a loyal group of voters and they remain united , thus in an election where there are several moderates which are n't united , the far-right conservatives will win . 
  but when it comes down to the final two , most of the country will vote for vdb since the majority of the population is against hofer . 
  not sure if i could phrase myself right , but what i essentially means is you either hate or love hofer , i can see vdb increasing his votes by a significant amount while i do n't think we can say the same for hofer . 
  why would you get downvoted for stating your opinion ? 
  lol i 'm from turkey and even i got ripped off multiple times , back when i was 15-16 years old . 
  always the typical excuse : `` sorry sir , did n't know there was a shorter way '' . 
  i now have to assert each time that i know the best and shortest way to our destination , although now that i 'm older they do n't try to pull stunts anymore . 
  did n't know the state of ukraine was in a condition this bad . 
  yes , everyone who has brown hair and green eyes is a high profile target in poland . 
  my experience with polish people ( most living abroad ) is that they 're very kind and genuine people . 
  admittedly , i 've only really met a handful , but that was enough for me to really like polish people . 
  seeing so many attacks in poland is saddening for me , but i hope this is only a phase . 
  what kind of dumb question is this ? 
  no , turks claim that it was a civil war , that armenians were killed not because of their ethnic origin ( which is genocide ) but to defend their nation - and that armenians have also attacked likewise . 
  i 'm trying to be objective and honestly it feels like both sides have some strong arguments . 
  on the one hand , you can never prove intent and there is also evidence of armenian attacks on turkish villages , but at the same time many armenian ** civilians ** were killed , many of whom had likely no intent of violence . 
  i 'm reading a book on the matter which is deemed to be objective , i find that people in the west ( including turkey , not any different here ) know very little about the events but call it a genocide because that 's the social norm and it 's taboo to say otherwise ; while turks deny it being a genocide because that is their social norm . 
  i think the truth is somewhere in the middle , but i 've yet to make up my mind . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge , apo . 
  the quote that you 're referring to , you 've mistranslated . 
  so do n't try to pull another quote to justify your translation . 
  which translates to  these lands were historically turkish , so therefore it is turkish and will be turkish for eternity, 
  it does n't say `` this land has always been turkish '' . 
  it says `` this land has historically been turkish '' . 
  which is true , but it 's also been historically greek etc. 
  / u/thrwwtrk likes to deliberately mistranslate what 's being said . 
  23rd of april is a national holiday in turkey , and turkish naval forces have decided to make a video as a tribute for it . 
  atat\u00fcrk intended this holiday to be not only unique for turkey but to be shared with other countries as well . 
  therefore , every 23rd of april , children all around the world are invited to turkey and get to meet the governing people of turkey ( not a great honour nowadays , i know ) . 
  i thought you would find this video interesting . 
  if you are curious about the quotes in the beginning , here i 've tried to roughly translate them . 
  first quote ( starting with kucuk hanimlar , kucuk beyler ... ) : `` little ladies , little men , all of you are a rose and prosperous light of the future . 
  you are the ones who will fill the country with light '' second quote ( very roughly translated ) : `` it is an honour/objective to be heading an excellent turkish fleet '' . 
  the rest of the video is mostly children using typical naval command terms/language . 
  if there 's any part you 're curious about , let me know . 
  edit : quote at 4:33 : `` on april 23rd , the dreams of our children are becoming a reality . 
  the naval forces are welcoming the children . '', 
  4:35 : `` happy ( not precisely translated , kutlu olsun does n't seem to have a precise english translation ) 23rd april national sovereignty and children 's day , the gift of mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk , to all the children in our country and around the world . '', 
  then correct me ? 
   turkey violated greek airspace 2244 times in one year again , this number is hugely inflated since there is territorial dispute . 
  also , care to link me instances where these violations occured in non-disputed area ? 
  do that , and i 'll provide evidence regarding greece also violating turkish airspace . 
   both can not be compared indeed actually , russia and turkey are two countries hostile against each other with clashing interests , while greece and turkey are allies with similar interests . 
  the supposed airspace violations occur in a made up area which only greece recognizes as their airspace . 
  turkey does n't recognize this as greek airspace , and neither does the international community . 
  were n't you guys up in arms when turkey shot down the russian jet for legitimately violating its airspace ? 
  what are these double standards . 
   this image is used with the text : `` ethnic map of bulgaria according to the census results from 1892 ( pink denotes regions with bulgarian and turkish population ) '' . 
  it seems to imply that all pink zones are predominantly turkish , but when you do the math on them the turkish population in all of bulgaria is equal to 170,500 people ( an independent german source , which is even used for your own propaganda ) . 
  this is done 14 years after our independence war in which you and the wiki page claim 1,5 million muslims were displaced and 200000 killed . 
  i stand corrected , the source says balkans , not bulgaria . 
  still , your claim that the muslim expulsion happened decades later than the post at hand ( 1876 ) is painfully incorrect . 
  are you really going to deny the happenings in the turco-russian war in 1876 ? 
   now lets go back to the media : during the war and during the april 's uprising ( which pretty much made the west aware of our plight ) there were 2 extremely famous massacres : again , i never denied that massacres did n't occur . 
  i 'm just saying at the same time , bulgarians also massacred/forced to relocate the muslim civilian population . 
  again , i 'm referring to the war i 've mentioned before . 
  as a matter of fact , my great grandparents are bulgarian turkish immigrants that were forced to relocate . 
   if there were literally slaughters of muslims during the war there would be notable sources before the last 20-25 years when all of this revisionist bullshit started . 
  and there is , i cited them . 
  you can check them all , the 're freely available in the form of e-books so you can check them and see if i 'm bullshitting or not . 
  so what exactly in my post do you think is false ? 
  i admit that i 've written bulgaria instead of the balkans - i 've fixed that now . 
  but otherwise , all my points remain and are i believe valid . 
  see , i 'm again saying that i recognize all the wrong doings of the ottoman empire . 
  all i 'm expecting of you is to recognize the wrong doings of bulgarians too . 
  and about the turkish history books - why exactly do you think they would make english turkish books ? 
  doubt they exist . 
  either way , there is n't massive propaganda like you seem to imply . 
  the fall of the ottomans is n't something that we went into in detail , it 's mostly the turkish war of independence following ww1 that had a big part in our curriculum . 
  edit : i read my comment and yours once more and noticed that you did n't really provide counter arguments for some of my points , which i would be glad if you could address . 
   ruling class what ? 
   there is a continuity in the flag i can name you at least 3 other countries who have adopted some version of the ottoman flag . 
   institutions laws is this bait ? 
  turkish constitution is a secular democracy , ottoman empire was pretty much a totalitarian borderline theocracy . 
  yes , i 'm arguing that turkey is the successor , not a continuation . 
  turkey literally fought against the ottoman empire , so ... 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  are you asking whether what part of what the bulgarian guy said is wrong ? 
  i 've mentioned all of them above . 
  i can link it if you can not find it . 
  it was n't ruled for turks . 
  turkish people hardly made up 20 % of the population of the ottoman empire .
