  pkk 's sub-group , tak has also been involved in such attacks but in a different way , only a few days ago they attempted to detonate a bomb in turkey and even though they failed , they killed a cleaning lady in the process and injured another . 
  will it get worse ? 
  i hope not . 
  but i feel like pkk are making their last moves so they might get very violent . 
  take what i 'm saying with a grain of salt , some of the things might be somewhat inaccurate , and i am turkish after all but i tried my best to not be biased . 
  hopefully this 'll give you an idea . 
  those double standards . 
  `` who cares if there was a genocide against turkish people , filthy muslims amirite ? '', 
  most of them were born there . 
  also , a true nationalist would vote for mhp ( nationalist movement party ) rather than for erdo\u011fan . 
  erdo\u011fan is just an islamofascist that pretends to uphold secular values . 
  i 'm not trying to sound smart , i just do n't get your point . 
  yes , turkey is bombing a kurdish terrorist organization while arming other kurdish militans that are fighting another terrorist organization . 
  i do n't get what part of that is propoganda . 
  turkey fights pkk because they are a terrorost group , is there anything wrong with that ? 
  so what if they 're kurdish , does that make them any better ? 
  so are you saying turkey is also bombing kurdish peshmerga ? 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2015/09/08/world/gulf-states-syrian-refugee-crisis/ well this says gulf countries have pretty much taken no refugees , but if you 're telling me dubai is full of syrian refugees i 'd believe that . 
  i doubt it 's in the hundred thousands though, 
  i 'm sure that 's the case , i was just trying to point out that the refugees do n't live miserable lives in turkey . 
  well , the kurds are n't a united entity . 
  that 's like saying united states murders arabs ( isis ) but also trains and arms arabs ( rebels etc. ) . 
  tutkey is not murdering kurds , turkey is fighting pkk which is a terrorist organisation . 
  why do you think turkey should n't fight pkk ? 
  you got it wrong . 
  those countries actually did take next to no refugees . 
  it is countries like turkey and lebanon that took more than all of europe combined ( excluding the european part of turkey , ofc ) . 
  by happiness do you mean survival ? 
  secularism does n't make them much better , as you 've pointed out the groups such as pkk are still warmongering terrorists , but i agree with you . 
  i know that turkey is n't your traditional `` muslim society '' but you should n't forget the turkish war of independence , and the wars turkish people fought during ww1 against the invaders . 
  not saying it because i 'm turkish but turkish people set some of the most significant examples of fighting for your own country . 
  that spirit is the reason why i can live in my country as a turkish citizen today . 
  `` turkish refugee camps for syrians set high standard '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knbyo2kqlt0 this video shows just how much money turkey is pouring into taking care of the refugees . 
  all of the refugee camps are exceptionally well-maintained , and the refugees even get monthly pocket money , albeit probably not a lot but enough to cover some non-necessary expenses . 
  you posted this 7 days ago , but let me clarify : pkk , which turkey has been fighting , has been attacking turkey and turkish ( and kurdish ) people for decades . 
  in the past months , they 've killed dozens of civilians and many more soldiers . 
  turkey is bombing pkk not because they are kurdish , but because they are a terrorist organization posing a threat to the turkish citizens . 
  it 's quite irrational to ask turkey to not fight a militant group that kills not only soldiers but also civilians . 
  pkk has executed suicide bombings , literal executions of police officers , burned public schools etc. 
  you 're no different than an al-qaeda supporter if you support pkk . 
  they 're both terrorist groups that indiscriminately kill people , civilians and soldiers alike . 
   at best they are a regional power who can hardly stand up to any of their neighbours . 
  name me one neighbouring country turkey would n't absolutely dominate in a fair , one against one war . 
  i 'll give you a hint : you ca n't . 
  turkey has one of the most powerful armies in the world . 
  will do, 
  do n't know where you got that from , because that 's as far from truth as it gets . 
  also , have you missed the recent civilian killings of pkk ? 
  late to the thread , but it is greek * claimed * airspace . 
  basically no other country recognizes it as greek territory , and turkey argues that it is international airspace . 
  article 's a little biased , do n't you think ? 
   turkey is n't in europe . 
  well , it partially is . . nearly 10 million people live on the european lands of turkey . 
  \u0130zmir objectively has the best living standards in all of turkey . 
  add on that the fact that it is the secular stronghold of turkey , and that it is the city with the most beautiful women . 
  i 've lived in both istanbul and \u0130zmir , and let me tell you , once you start appreciating the beauty of \u0130zmir nowhere else will feel anything like it . 
   it is n't about relationship with eu . 
  what is n't about the relationship with eu ? 
   turkish people in general do n't have the same mentality with most of the europeans . 
  depends on the region and on what topics , but the general sentiment i sadly agree with . 
   turkey is n't in europe and probably will never enter europe . 
  you mean eu ? 
  in that case , cyprus is n't in europe but is in the eu . 
  so i guess it is possible . 
  well , turkey is partially in europe , that 's why . 
  if a somewhat relevant incident occured in siberia do n't you think it should be in this sub ? 
  what do you think of the turkey before erdo\u011fan ? 
  i think we were doing alright , better than many other eu countries . 
  especially towards the end of 1990 's , turkey was probably one of the most secular countries in europe . 
   and this was not because the nazis demanded it this bit cracked me up for some reason . 
  meh , efes pilsen is decent in my opinion , especially since it 's half the price of most other brands such as miller . 
  also , it 's 100 % domestically produced , so that 's something . 
  turkey , agnostic atheist . 
  well , at some point we were a lot further ahead regarding membership negotiations ( technically we still are ) + our country is much less of an economic burden to eu , plus our huge army , minus the muslims . 
  frankly especially in the 2000 's turkey was a much more fitting country for the eu than serbia of then and today . 
  sad how true this is . 
  well , at the very least i hope our relationship with eu improves . 
  although that probably wo n't happen until we ditch erdo\u011fan . 
  what 's the one north to norway ? 
  i 'm not . 
  but this is a serious issue , not listening to what turkey has to say could escalate the tension . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm saying this but i agree . 
  the things i would do to save my country from that inbred bastard . 
   he 'd probably arrest the person was gon na say . 
  unless they 're unreasonably stupid , they should . 
  it 's not even been proven . 
  i mean , the circlejerk against turkey must stop . 
  `` muh turkey done nothing against isis '' `` muh turkey buy terrorist oil '' . 
  please putin i hate you to death but prove it and you 'll be my hero edit : on a second thought , not like that bastard would ever step down . 
  honestly , i ca n't pinpoint the reason . 
  i think over time , religious people tend to radicalize , and since erdo\u011fan is an islamist , he was able to use religion to manipulate people . 
  there 's also the distrust against eu and europeans in general . 
  even though turkey was doing much better than maybe half the eu countries , especially the other eastern european countries , eu kept on playing with turkey . 
  it was always a `` do this and we 'll let you in '' , but . 
  turkey made many changes , not always for the better , to join the eu . 
  despite this , eu kept on not letting turkey in and so the turkish people , seeing that the west was n't of any support , turned their face to the middle east . 
  i 'm not blaming the eu but i know that had turkey been accepted at its prime , things would 've been a lot different . 
  i totally get why the eu would n't want turkey to join , but to stall the process which seemingly would never really result with turkey joining the eu really got on the nerves of some people around here . 
  kudos to you for being objective . 
  i really admire that , it 's not easy at all to avoid bias .
