  why i found the 3rd video very entertaining haha . 
  looks like role playing more than dancing !, 
  but i like it to be honest , sad that they 're dying out . 
  i have an english/irish friend who does irish dancing . 
  he performed for us last year , absolutely fascinating stuff . 
  in turkey , it 's often that we make fun of ourselves but we get irrationally angry if a foreigner makes a joke directed at turkish culture or something . 
  even some of the most anti-government people i know feel inclined to defend their government when a foreigner mocks them . 
  [ girls ] ( https://youtu.be/oegdx7hoo-8 ) [ boys ( and girls ) - zeybek ] ( https://youtu.be/w09pqrg9izy ) there are several types in turkey , but they 're mostly variants of each other . 
  i do n't even know what the one the girls performing is called . 
  the one the boys are performing is zeybek , which specifically from the aegean region . 
  the clothing and the moves are usually typical of what you see in other balkan countries , but the music can be different . 
  at the time , turkey was anything but religious . 
  also , can you provide some sources regarding turkey demolishing ancient cyprus structures ? 
   now , what is the point of asking this question ? 
  dude asked a legitimate question , probably out of curiosity . 
  why do you have to be such a condescending twat ? 
  i really want to help these people , but i honestly do n't know how much more my country can take . 
  i do n't think most of them are criminals or anything , but my country already has a weak economy and believe it or not , these people are culturally very different to what we 're accustomed to . 
  i seriously hope these people do n't get citizenship because i ca n't even imagine what kind of government would be elected - and i 'm sure this time it would even be worse than erdo\u011fan 's regime . 
  exactly this haha . 
  not a single day goes by before we spend a good half an hour talking about how we 're getting screwed by the government . 
  when i was only 16 , i was on the streets for the gezi protests along with millions of others , and i got tear gassed pretty badly . 
  and yet these people have the guts to tell us we never speak up against our government . 
  laughable . 
  and all the countries seem to disagree with turkey wanting to remove assad from power . 
  how come ? 
  how is mao 10x worse than hitler ? 
  that 's absolute bullshit . 
  what do you consider a `` muslim background '' ? 
  out of curiosity . 
  i 'd love to join but i know it wo n't happen . 
  not unless we adopt and hang tight to atat\u00fcrk 's ideas and policies . 
  not unless we get rid of erdo\u011fan and make serious changes to improve press freedom . 
  the average turk is ignorant , sadly . 
  most of them do n't want to join the eu anymore , but 10 years ago they 'd all say yes in a heartbeat . 
  but erdo\u011fan made them find the idea repulsive even . 
  and some educated turks do n't want to join either , because let 's be honest , eu is n't doing all that well . 
  overall , at this moment most turks do n't want to join i think . 
  maybe it 'll change in the future though , seeing how drastically it changed in a decade . 
  i literally do n't know a single person who knows the quran verse by verse and follows them word by word . 
  99 % of the ones i know have n't even read it . 
  the muslims you met may be different than the ones i know , but the way you 're putting is not what i 've experienced . 
  kinda late here but lately i 've started to notice that my elders are more open-minded than my generation from time to time . 
  really sad to see how conservative and narrow minded we are becoming . 
  ah , that makes more sense . 
  well , i hope your predictions are n't correct , but i do n't think we 'll live long enough to see . 
  i doubt muslims would make up 40 % of the population . 
  even here in turkey the number of people following the islamic faith is falling drastically , with several atheist organizations being formed in turkey in its first time in history . 
  still not in eu . 
  just like christians do n't follow the bible word by word , most muslims do n't follow the quran word by word either . 
  some muslims are fine with marrying a non-muslim , some are n't . 
  it 's difficult to make a generalization . 
  i do n't know about against who we fought the most but the country that we had the most military tension with for the past few decades was greece for sure . 
  do n't know why you would get downvoted for this . 
  most of the comments are in a way attempting to justify these attacks . 
  whether they are right or wrong , apologists are the minority , and all the apologists got downvoted . 
  they even downvoted a guy for saying he hopes all these assaulters end up in jail . 
   i agree , but why should we always be the ones the international community falls back on , ca n't all the gulf states and oil `` states '' like saudi arabia take them in ? 
  why should europe always welcome migrants and deal with other people 's problems ? 
  it does n't seem fair in my opinion . 
  i 'm not saying this because i 'm being judgmental or anything , but you 're factually wrong on this one . 
  i thought that gulf states had n't done anything either until recently , so i understand why you think that way . 
  however , gulf states actually have hosted plenty of refugees , according to some sources actually up to 2.5 million refugees have been hosted by saudi arabia alone . 
  this article talks about why the misconception that gulf states have n't hosted refugees arose : http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/gulf-states-defends-record-hosting-syrians-367601222 tl ; dr it 's because syrian refugees in saudi arabia do n't have a `` refugee '' status , and therefore unhcr does n't count them as refugees etc. 
  otherwise , your points make sense , even though i do n't necessarily agree with them . 
  oh , i did n't see the second picture . 
  `` umuda de\u011fil , \u00f6l\u00fcme yolculuk yapmay\u0131n '' is wrong though , i 'm not objecting to that . 
   firstly , there are a lot other refugees/migrants other than syrians almost none of which turkey hosts , irrelevant to the discussion . 
   they 'd find a new way i 'm looking at my world map on the wall right now , and i absolutely do not see any realistic way for syrians to get to eu without having to cross hundreds of kilometers of sea waters . 
  many of them ca n't even make the trip from turkey to greece , how are they supposed to make it that far all the way from syria ? 
   do one turkey , how do they in any way deserve or have the nerve to ask for more money ? 
  we 're hosting more refugees as a country of 70 million people than the entirety of eu combined and doubled ( eu population 500 billion ) . 
   or that turkey wants to spend the money without eu doing checks on what it was spent . 
  that 's just about the stupidest thing i 've heard . 
  turkey spent around 10 billion for refugees , the 5 billion is n't some pocket change for turkey to buy cool and illegal stuff , it 's to cover costs . 
   the money sent to turkey nothing 's been sent . 
  ohh brave edgy internet warrior . 
  sure yeah we 'll fight you personally for eu monies !, 
  you 're talking as if your radical ass is making decisions for the eu . 
  at this point , i 'm almost certain turkey can do as much damage to eu as eu can to turkey . 
  if you alienate the one last militarily strong nation on your border ( the first one being russia ) , it 's gon na be tough for the eu . 
  pretty sure turkey would n't mind cooperating with russia given such aggression , and the already collapsing eu economy would take a huge hit . 
  however , eu would never place such sanctions on turkey . 
  they know what 's on stake , unlike you . 
  turkey has deep relations with the eu , and is part of nato . 
  to place sanctions on a nation you need all members to agree , and i 'm telling you this is one thing eu wo n't agree on . 
  just because turkey stops patrolling its borders will absolutely not result in sanctions . 
  it is your job to secure your borders , you have no say in what we do with ours . 
  if the refugees get in , it 's your problem . 
  it 's not our responsibility to control them . 
   america has only received a tiny portion of these refugees ( not that they should receive any really ) yes they should , and you should too . 
  read the geneva convention - if your country has signed it ( which almost every country has ) , you are responsible of refugees too . 
   also , why should n't turkey keep them why should we ? 
  they 're not our responsibility anymore than yours . 
   they are one of the closest countries after all okay , fair enough . 
  but we 're already hosting way above our capacity , at 3 million . 
  not our job to keep this many . 
  nobody in turkey is saying we should n't host refugees , most of us are glad to helping ( including me ) , but 3 million is way too much . 
  we should split the burden , you ca n't put it all on us . 
   they 're a muslim majority country but we are also a secular country .
