  did it ever cross your mind that uncontrolled immigration will lower overall level of education when you have class of kids where 70 % do n't even speak the local language fluently ? 
   as i said before , i would much rather that some people scam the system but the people that need help get it , than the other way round . 
  this is just shocking . 
  it seems like you shit on your own people . 
  even your comment about old people from your country who did n't save for their retirement , when times were significantly different from an economical point of view 40-50 years ago is pretty low . 
   if they are top of yours , why not report them ? 
  dude , i 'm not a snitch . 
   edit : and while we are here , are n't you here for economic reasons , doing a job that british people could do just as well ? 
  i do n't have a problem with that , but it sounds like , perversely , you do . 
  i 'm currently in canada until the end of the year for a work project . 
  and yes i was/will be back , i did n't chose uk for economic reasons per se as i could easily immigrate and live in canada or australia , i 'm here for the life style . 
  having said so , i do n't have a problem with educated contributing immigrants . 
  i have a problem with uncontrolled immigration , those who leech the system and those who do n't add anything to the society either culturally or economically . 
  no , of course not . 
   demanding that not a single immigrant dares to apply for a single # of welfare ever is about as delusional as the people who voted for brexit . 
  never said that , but more strict regulations must be put in place . 
  why you do n't have hordes of immigrants heading for switzerland ? 
  yes it does and i have explained what happened , the_donald did n't try to censor the fact that the shooter pledged his alliance to isis , stop talking out of your ass because you wan na have the last word . 
  it 's really childish . 
   secondly , you did n't mention if they had partners who were working . 
  few worked for cash and avoided paying taxes , all the women were registered as single mothers to obtain housing and additional tax benefits and spending money which is a fraud . 
   and if they did n't , are n't you glad there was a strong state to support those children into growing into strong adults ? 
  no , poland is strong enough with better education and much safer to grow up in , these parents have simply moved for economic reasons whilst intending to fool the system at the same time . 
   are you jealous of them ? 
  or are you angry that a pittance of your money goes to helping them ? 
  either way , compared to what we spend on other bullshit , it is very minor indeed . 
  surely this must be a joke . 
  am i jealous of someone who takes without contributing and pops children uncontrollably ? 
  i do n't care where my taxes go really , all i 'm saying that i do n't blame some people for being pissed off . 
  and these taxes spent on benefits for unemployed eu immigrants , who are coming from first world nations for a bit of an extra cash , could be spent on nhs or pensions for the elderly . 
  20 years in london . 
  honestly , never happened . 
  and literally all my friends are british too . 
  fair enough , i have n't noticed this . 
  if that 's the case then fuck them , its nazis , they are in every single country from france to poland . 
   and to what extent should guests put up with unpleasant stuff , such as sustaining chavs on their benefits while getting dog shit thrown at them ? 
  surely your view seems a bit simplistic ? 
  it may look this way but i blame british government , things are the way they are because they have been to lenient on immigrants , in my opinion eu was just a scape goat . 
  i am not defending jobless chavs but this is not the majority of uk population . 
  so that 's why i think it 's not fair to suddenly say `` hey look uk has gone nazi and showed its true colors '' . 
  if you have an argument to make then make it , i , like thousands of others , posted and signed up on r/the _ donald after censorship day on r/news after the orlando shooting . 
  people like yourself are the exact reason why racism and xenophobia are on the rise all over the world . 
  your inability to present arguments and desperate aggressive need to shut down the conversation with throwing labels around is what made people move towards the right . 
  let me give you the example here . 
  i went to school in uk , graduated , started working . 
  no debt . 
  never been on benefits . 
  over the past 10 years several of the people i knew from krakow as kids and went to school with started moving to the uk , mostly north , to start families , 3 of the women i know have n't worked in the uk one day , some are on their 3rd pregnancy . 
  given free housing , healthcare , spending money . 
  do you think this is ok ? 
   as for immigrants sponging off the system , could you point out a statistic or figures that show immigrants do so more than british people ? 
  british people have the right to sponge off the system , it 's their country . 
  as for us , as guests , our obligation is to work and contribute to the economy . 
  yes , if your `` friends '' in uk suddenly do n't want to see you i 'd consider xenophobia is n't probably to blame . 
  how is that photo `` stop immigration '' xenophobic ? 
  it does n't say `` jews should be gassed '' or anything like this . 
  it 's ok to be anti immigration ( with which i agree - uk has way too many foreigners sponging off the system and i say it as an immigrant myself ) . 
  there is a difference between wanting to limit immigration and being a nazi . 
  i 'm sorry but i call bullshit . 
  `` from having dog excrement thrown at her door to friends telling her they do n't want to see her again , karen gave a harrowing account of how she now feels unwelcome in the country where she made her home . '', 
  i mean what ? 
  people actually fall for that crap ? 
  her `` friends '' do n't want to see her because they are xenophobic ? 
  i 'm a polak who lived in uk for almost 20 years and never have i ever been a victim of anything like this , neither none of the other polish people that i know of . 
  it does n't mean that it does n't happen , i know some fruit recently spray painted something on polish cultural centre in london but these are separated incidents and i am so sick of medias presenting uk like it 's a 3rd reich . 
  i 'd bet it 's more of leftists propaganda and lies . 
  and why do you think polish community pisses its pants ? 
  it did n't obviously piss its pants when poland granted amnesty to all the south east asians , did it ? 
  its accepting all the ukrainians . 
  perhaps poland is looking at the dump that sweden and france have become and think , hey , we do n't wan na end up like them . 
  right , it 's only the rainbow installation in warsaw that gets set on fire like 3 times a year, 
  it does seem to be last century but you can still see them a lot , mostly because nobody bothered to clean the walls for the past 20 years, 
  all the young women who appeared on tv to give interviews about what took place that night were hired actresses , right ? 
  dangerous mindset you are showing there . 
  remember rotherham , 1400 underage girls raped and abused over the years because people thought the reports were racist fear mongering . 
  agreed . 
  it 's ironic that poles are getting offended when all the walls in poland are spray painted with `` jude raus '' slogans, 
   is the `` european leftist media '' lying when they report that eastern european societies are a lot more xenophobic and anti-immigrant than the w. european societies ? 
  i 'd say we are much more selective when it comes to immigration . 
  let me give you an example , poland has one of the biggest se asian minorities in europe ( chinese , korean , vietnamese and others ) , poland was so happy with the asians that several years ago polish government gave amnesty to all those who were in poland illegally . 
  while xenophobia and racism do exist ( i 'd say anti semitism and homophobia is a bigger problem ) i 'd say poland is happy to accept anyone who wants to assimilate and comes without an agenda ( few years back a small town in poland has elected black pm ) . 
  looking at western and northern european countries and all the issues with muslim , me and north african immigrants the have faced we are simply learning from from their mistakes . 
  i do not like polish government but i do agree with them when it comes to this decision . 
   the irony about the anti-polish outbreak now i really would n't call it a anti polish outbreak . 
  also , i would n't compare anti polish sentiment to anti muslim sentiment . 
  completely two different things . 
  while some people in uk ( and i lived in uk for many years ) might be fed up with the amount of poles that showed up and suddenly took over the small towns it is nowhere near when it comes to problem of islamism . 
  seconded , it 's not because you 're not polish , it 's because you 're there lol, 
  we still have russia to worry about, 
  from his reply i understood he meant there were more right wing attacks in germany than terrorist attacks in europe . 
  i am not shifting . 
  i 'm not shifting , i was discussing europe from the start . 
  i have been discussing this with few in another post . 
  this is really worrying to be honest that ie pepper spray is illegal in half of the eu at the moment . 
  in denmark , a year ago , a teenage girl was attacked by a refugee who tried to take off her pants and escaped when she sprayed him with pepper spray . 
  then she was arrested and charged with using of illegal weapon . 
  how do european leaders , of countries like uk or denmark , suggest women like myself ( very petite ) defend themselves ? 
  what 's cs ? 
  i was talking about europe . 
  not germany .
