  how pure and innocent , of course older guys are gon na be very attracted to this idea . 
  he nother only gets to fuck a school girl who could be his daughter or grand daughter , he is also doing a very noble thing and putting her through university, 
  what is an american doing trolling europe forum ? 
  you people are very well known for your prudish backwards attitude towards sex . 
  go away, 
  ^ ^ very well said . 
  what feminism has to do with it ? 
  high quality global journalism requires investment . 
  please share this article with others using the link below , do not cut & paste the article . 
  see our ts & cs and copyright policy for more detail . 
  email ftsales.support@ft.com to buy additional rights . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e3ddf868-28b3-11e6-8b18-91555f2f4fde.html#ixzz4ass9lmt2 i n the decades since the fall of communism , poland has often been hailed as one of the eu 's great success stories , proof that democracy can flourish in what was once a soviet satellite . 
  since the election of the nationalist law and justice party last autumn , however , the excitement has begun to fade . 
  in what seems an orchestrated power grab , jaroslaw kaczynski , the party 's leader , has been reining in the independent judiciary , the country 's media and its security services . 
  this is a cause for alarm among warsaw 's allies in the eu and nato . 
  on wednesday , the european commission signalled its disquiet over the direction the polish government is taking by declaring that warsaw has violated the principle of the rule of law . 
  this is the first time brussels has formally accused a member state of undermining democracy . 
  more on this topic brussels charges poland with endangering rule of law retailers brace for higher tax in poland eu steps back in polish court conflict polish schoolchildren offered nato lessons ft view hollande has to stand firm brexit camp should be clear on migration brussels under pressure over bank rules chad 's former dictator has his reckoning the eu is especially concerned by changes that law and justice has made to the polish constitutional court , appointing supporters to the bench and changing procedures in ways that undermine the court 's ability to block new legislation . 
  although it is far from clear what brussels can do to reverse these moves , mr kaczynski would be foolish to ignore the eu 's request that he should do so . 
  a decision by brussels to censure constitutional changes within a member state is bound to be controversial . 
  the polish government has reacted furiously , arguing that it was democratically elected with a strong parliamentary majority and that eu officials are interfering in internal politics . 
  however , the eu is right to insist that its 28 members should maintain the highest democratic standards . 
  the eu is built on common values enshrined in its treaties , including democracy , the rule of law and respect for human rights . 
  arguably the bloc 's biggest achievement has been to insist that applicant members should achieve those standards before being granted accession . 
  after failing to check hungary 's backsliding over freedom and the rule of law in recent years , brussels can not afford to make the same mistake in poland , a much larger and more strategically important state . 
  the eu 's ability to force law and justice to change course is limited . 
  if poland fails to comply with its request , brussels could impose fines on warsaw or deprive it of voting rights in the eu 's council of ministers where major policy decisions are approved . 
  such penalties would require unanimity from all eu members . 
  viktor orban , hungary 's premier , who appears to be acting in close concert with mr kaczynski , has said he would vote against them . 
  ft view hollande has to stand firm against the strikers a person holds a flare while protesters take part in a demonstration called by cgt , fo , solidaires , fsu , fidl and unef unions on june 2 , 2016 in bordeaux , against the government 's planned labour law reforms . 
  more demonstrations against the reforms -- which the government says are designed to make france more business-friendly -- were set to take place in major cities on june 2 and nuclear power workers were back on strike at 16 of the country 's 19 power stations . 
  / afp / georges gobet ( photo credit should read georges gobet/afp/getty images ) political infighting should not obscure the case for labour reforms however , mr kaczynski needs to recognise the damage that he will inflict on poland 's national interest if he allows this stand-off with brussels to fester . 
  the poles have benefited immensely from their partnership with western institutions since the fall of the soviet bloc . 
  the country is set to be the largest recipient of eu structural funds between now and 2020 . 
  its workforce thrives more than most others in europe on the right to find employment across the continent . 
  poland also has pressed hard , and with success , to ensure a bigger deployment of nato forces in eastern europe in order to keep a resurgent russia at bay . 
  as the polish government prepares to host next month 's nato summit , it should keep in mind that being part of the western club carries obligations . 
  if poland is to enjoy the guarantee of collective defence , it can not at the same time reject the values that underpin not just the eu but the entire north atlantic alliance . 
  poland must recognise where its true interests lie . 
  i 'm polish but i grew up in london , uk . 
  so i 'm aware of western european attitudes and i meant those when i said `` we '' . 
  how is this lacking credible source ? 
  what would you consider credible source ? 
  r/europe and its censorship again, 
  it 's not islamophobia . 
  i think europe is tired of its muslim community not integrating . 
  we have not only allowed them cultural and religious freedom but also encouraged it and now we reap the results . 
  so far we 've had plenty of examples to think so . 
  in 20 years yall be immigrating to poland, 
  i was sexually assaulted twice in my early 20s . 
  i was too traumatized to tell anyone about it , too ashamed to go and speak to the police . 
  now i 'd just kill the bastard, 
   so do you see in his opinion if the company has banned all visible forms of religious , political or philosophical expression in furtherance of keeping completely neutral on issues then it is n't about being anti-muslim , in actuality he further states ... come on . 
  we know very well it is about muslims , of course they will have to say its about religion in general . 
  at least i have sources unlike you who only says no no no and cover his/hers ears . 
  `` i have n't read the entire unfpa publication ... '' thank you . 
  good bye . 
  `` recent statistics indicate that gendercide , meaning the abortion of female fetuses because the family wishes to have a male offspring , is no longer confined only in china and india , but has become a european problem as well , especially in the balkans . 
  according to a recent study by the united nations population fund ( unfpa ) , in albania , 112 boys are born for every 100 girls , while in kosovo and montenegro the figures stand at 110 and 109 boys per 100 girls respectively . 
  ... in countries like albania and macedonia these eu laws [ against sex selection abortion ] are being ignored since female births keep on decreasing [  however , women 's rights activists also see a trend towards gender selection in eu member states as well . 
  as a result , danish media have indicated the existence of `` abortion tourism '' to sweden , where terminating a pregnancy is legal until the 18th week . 
  moreover , studies from norway and britain suggest a gender imbalance among immigrants from asian cultures , especially among second and third children '' https://www.neweurope.eu/article/alarming-rise-abortion-female-fetuses-europe/ http://afterabortion.org/2014/sex-selection-abortions-a-worldwide-problem/ this plus recent refugees , sweden is happy to accept young unaccompanied males ( something that canada refuses to do for obvious reasons ) . 
  you can deny this as much as you want to but the bottom line is sweden is filling its country with a 3rd world garbage and the results are showing . 
  i 'm scared to think what it will look like in 20-30 years . 
  denial is easier though , i understand that . 
  carpentry is a job that requires a lot of skill and knowledge . 
  just like being a plumber or being an electrician . 
  just because it 's a physical `` dirty '' job does n't mean any idiot can do it . 
  that sounds like a great idea . 
  it could be like a jury duty thing , if you 're a naturalized immigrant/refugee one of the requirements could be teaching others . 
  i already did and without using personal anecdotes too  you canot debunk it and you 've been down voted too . 
  live and learn . 
  `` as far as i can tell the ones we do have do n't appear to be aborting female fetuses . '', 
  as far as you can tell ? 
  any links ? 
  or are you just presenting your opinion as a fact ? 
  abortion is not infanticide . 
  also , mentioned economic reasons do fall under culture . 
  please read again and this time with understanding . 
  you 're welcome to immigrate to poland . 
  we have cheaper booze . 
  from wiki ( since it 's easier ) `` the selective abortion of female fetuses is most common in areas where cultural norms value male children over female children for a variety of social and economic reasons . 
  [ 1 ] a son is often preferred as an `` asset '' since he can earn and support the family ; a daughter is a `` liability '' since she will be married off to another family , and so will not contribute financially to her parents . 
  sex selective female abortion is a continuation , in a different form , of a practice of female infanticide or withholding of postnatal health care for girls in certain households . 
  [ 98 ] furthermore , in some cultures sons are expected to take care of their parents in their old age . 
  [ 99 ] these factors are complicated by the effect of diseases on child sex ratio , where communicable and noncommunicable diseases affect males and females differently '' in other words , whether economical and inheritance issues are taken into consideration , it 's still down to misogynistic patriarchal culture where woman is n't worth much . 
  sweden has been importing this garbage for years and not demanding they assimilate . 
  results are clear . 
  it has everything to do with culture . 
  gender selective abortions are legal in sweden . 
  they are normally practiced amongst patriarchal , backward cultures ( indian and muslim ) where having a son is more desirable than having a daughter . 
  immigrants and gender selective abortions . 
  nuff said . 
  i feel totally desensitized when it comes to these images . 
  it 's time to stop accepting these people . 
  i do n't live with my mother you dipshit , i 'm 35 years old and i live by myself and have a career . 
  and knowing literally hundreds of people that immigrated from poland to the uk i know that significant majority moved to the uk to study , work and enjoy liberal freedoms this country has to offer . 
  life in poland is horrible due to conservatives being in power , poor economy and rulings of the catholic church , seems like you are uneducated simpleton without an inch of knowledge so please , do us all a favor and shut up instead of embarrassing yourself further . 
  i wonder if she had a different skin color would the school did something about her being bullied, 
  what an absolute clap trap .
