and you still get taxed on it , do n't you ? 
  so the money you were taxed on and put aside , you will get taxed on again , right ? 
  and that 's perfectly reasonable but in that case lower the taxes or bring over se asians . 
  even in case of private pension , if you 're not with the same company for 40 years , you have to pay high premiums every month . 
  why should n't people rely on a state pension ? 
  you spend on average 40 -50 years of your life working your ass off and having good chunk of your earnings taxed and additionally you have to save up for retirement ? 
  state pension should be able to provide you with a standard of living way above the poverty line . 
  not mentioning the amnesty for all the south east asians, 
  i totally agree with it , in my opinion uk 's problem came from uk , not from eu , now they wo n't be able to blame the eu anymore , i wonder how that will work out . 
  you were in london in 2014 ? 
  really ? 
  wow , you must know everything then . 
  waitressing jobs are popular amongst all young europeans living in london whether they are polish , spanish or italian . 
  it 's mostly students or new comers . 
  now , i 've lived in london for 20 years working for several ftse 100 companies and i can assure there was plenty of poles working . 
  now , just like with every other nation , you have some doing high flying jobs , some doing low paid labor and some being upper middle or just middle class . 
  that does n't qualify as `` cheap labor '' . 
  haha , you 're speaking to a woman . 
  but i have honestly never dated a polish man so i could n't confirm , 
  its our facial features . 
  big eyes and big noses . 
  that 's not cool . 
  many are racists but many are n't . 
  so you 're angry about some poles being racists but you 're happy when they are victims of a similar thing ? 
  makes sense . 
  but poles are n't cheap labor anymore . 
  the times of poles with phds washing the dishes for a living are gone , that was a decade ago . 
  sure you still have manual labor workers from poland such as plumbers and construction workers that offer competitive prices but as far as i know brits preferred hiring them because they worked harder than the locals . 
  i have read the entire thread and i some of the things you say i wholeheartedly agree with . 
  if you go through my posting history only yesterday i had a conversation with people on r/europe where i was highly critical with regards to polish people ( because i cant speak of other eastern euros ) who took advantage of the uk 's benefits system , this is something that should have been addressed a long time ago by the british government . 
  but again , i have lived in the uk for almost 20 years and i do n't agree with the opinion that we created ghettos . 
  mostly polish neighborhood with two polish shops does not equal ghetto . 
  many of us have arrived here to stay , after 12 years of poland being in the eu many of us have children here who do n't even speak polish anymore . 
  i consider myself londoner and i know other poles from london who 'd never move back to poland because apart from the strong economy , they are equally appreciative of culture , liberal values and freedoms they have here . 
  hey , a pole here who considers uk her home , while i understand that the flood of eastern euros/poles was too much for the uk i absolutely do not agree with what you said about us not integrating . 
  it 's insulting . 
  for some language might be the barrier initially , but otherwise polish and british cultures are extremely similar ( we love to drink , we love to party , we love football etc ) , when i lived in uk i did n't even hang out with polish people , my closest friends were british and so did many other poles , many polish women that i knew married brits and as far as i observed poles integrated and assimilated very well to the life in the uk . 
  no idea . 
  i guess some people are so pro immigration that no matter what these immigrants will do they will alwats be seen as poor victims, 
   google `` polish man beaten to pulp '' . 
  you have got to be kidding me, 
  i do n't have an agenda . 
  i do have opinions however . 
  i have asked you several important questions and because you do n't have answers or can refute my points you say `` whatever '' . 
  this is why you guys are losing . 
  i do n't want right wing parties to come to power but left has to do better because this is just shit show . 
  i have n't deny that these things happen but on the scale that media would like us to think . 
  and what people beaten to a pulp on the streets ? 
   those pakistani men were allowed to abuse those girls because of police incompetence which they tried to blame on political correctness . 
  which in the civilised world is known as manners and tolerance . 
  read the jay report i read the jay report . 
  police incompetence was precisely the result of pc , that also included social workers . 
   there was no leniency shown there . 
  people were pursued and prosecuted . 
  rightly too little too late . 
   it is more important for you that people who need help go without it , than people who need help less cheat the system . 
  it 's a selfish point of view , but it fits with the rest of your comments . 
  at least my point of view is realistic . 
  people coming from eu do n't need help . 
  they are coming form the 1st world developed nations , not from sub saharan tribes . 
  as for the immigrants and muslims - you are exactly what happens when open mindedness ceases to be admirable and begins to become detrimental and downright dangerous . 
  you are the biggest problem here , not the muslims taking advantage of your weakness and your insane desire to be `` inclusive '' . 
  it 's been stated ad nauseum that there are good , peaceful muslims , and it 's hard to argue that point , but islam is simply not compatable with the west , and it never will be . 
  i want muslims to lead happy , healthy lives , just like you . 
  i just want their religion to die a horrible , painful death , and until it does , we need to stop defending their religion and their culture . 
  there is no moral relativism here . 
  what if their beliefs stand against everything we , as a liberal european society stand for ? 
  such as equality regardless of gender or sexual orientation ? 
  recent poll turned into a documentary ( http://www.channel4.com/programmes/what-british-muslims-really-think ) has shown that significant majority of british muslims think that homosexuality should be outlawed , one in three refused to condemn stoning of women accused of adultery . 
  this is deeply worrying and we need to be more strict on muslim communities because so far our tolerance has only worked against us . 
  so i 'd say yes , if they want to adapt to our society they do need to abandon their beliefs . 
  you would n't tolerate bigoted homophobic sexist views from an agnostic , would you ? 
  so why are n't you holding muslims to higher standard ? 
  so when we are talking about rotherham or cologne its only fair to address those points and perhaps limit the immigration to protect vulnerable people that were born and raised in our countries , those you seem to be ignoring because they had it easy according to you , and make sure those that come here assimilate adequately because so far it has been a disaster . 
  plenty of western muslims who warn of the same including hirsi ali , majid nawaz and tarek fatah , that 's just in case before you accuse me of hating on brown people . 
  sure man * virtual hug *, 
  germans have n't done anything . 
  they were n't asked . 
  it was one person 's decision . 
   you were part of a `` flood '' of poles if i have got the timelines right . 
  but you are one of the good ones , so it is ok . not the flood , i moved here before poles started arriving . 
  and i have moved to the uk legally . 
  it was a process . 
  i did n't just show up and ask for hand outs . 
   i watched the eritrean kids come to this country not speaking english and leaving with degrees that 's wonderful . 
  you have also watched pakistanis coming to uk and abusing 1400 english girls and being allowed to do so because of political correctness . 
  and young migrant men attacking women in cologne . 
  these are specific examples of leniency when it comes to immigration that im talking about . 
   and in response to that , they are pulling up the ladder for the generations below them . 
  a bit like you want to do to your fellow immigrants . 
  what i want to do is to make sure nobody abuses the system or takes advantage of it and under no circumstances should others be allowed to reap the benefits of a country at the cost of the local people who built it . 
  while i understand your selfless idealistic point of view it is unfortunately unrealistic . 
  what precisely ? 
  do you think xenophobes become friends with foreigners to later tell them to leave ? 
  that 's like kkk befriending black person to burn a cross in his back yard few years later , jesus . 
   uncontrolled immigration is such a meaningless phrase . 
  no it is n't . 
  do you think it 's ok to suddenly flood people with culturally unassimilated foreigners as it happened in germany ? 
  there is a reason why we have borders . 
   i have more of a problem with `` ethnically british '' ( whatever that means ) people , underachieving at school , due to lack of aspiration , mocking achievement and deriding people who have worked for knowledge than i do people coming from countries without our traditional advantages trying to make lives for themselves and their families .
