  pepper spray , illegal in : belgium denmark finland ( you need a licence ) greece hungary iceland ireland malta the netherlands norway sweden uk https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pepper_spray#europe do you see how absurd this shit is ? 
  the only legal self defense weapon in uk is rape alarm . 
  lol, 
  no i was n't , op said there were more right wing shootings than islamic terrorism shootings which is laughable . 
  i do n't understand german but it looks like the last one was in 2012 . 
  lets compare that with islamic terrorist attacks in the last 3 years ... 
  i 'm here temporarily for work , back to europe in december . 
  if you bothered to go through my posting history to find something on me then you should have read it all . 
  ^ ^ this, 
  lol, 
   and simple pistol ownership is legal in european countries , but you 've got no clue what you 're talking about , have n't you ? 
  which ones ? 
  not in uk where i live . 
  i 'm a 5 ' 2 tall petite woman and i ca n't even carry pepper spray lol . 
  yeah just like they are n't happening in europe now . 
  if jo cos murderer was motivated by right wing politics then im happy to accept that . 
  no you 're not to blame for terrorist attacks but that kind of lenient approach and refusal to get strict and allow people to defend themselves is partially to blame ( when it comes from leftist leaders ) for the disarray europe is in today . 
  link, 
  plenty mass shootings stopped by gun owners too : http://controversialtimes.com/issues/constitutional-rights/12-times-mass-shootings-were-stopped-by-good-guys-with-guns/ fyi , i am not advertising for assault weapons , simple pistol ownership should be allowed . 
  i never said i want to be an american , i have simply compared how peaceful things are in armed texas . 
  if you think that it 's a good idea that a female in europe is n't allowed to carry anything for protection then you and your way of `` thinking '' is precisely the reason we 're in this shit . 
  as for the media there were plenty attempts to censor things ( such as attacks in cologne ) . 
  how many shootings have right wing extremists committed in the past 5 years ? 
  no , i will not `` wait '' for innocent people being shot again . 
  i am not talking about aks but at least a pistol for protection . 
  banning all guns is not going to make it harder for them either . 
  there is a reason why things like that are nipped in a bud or barely every happen in places like texas . 
  most people have guns and are n't afraid to use them . 
  furthermore , as more and more of these situations are happening in europe i think people should have the right to be able to defend themselves . 
  here we go again . 
  if this guy is muslim i wonder how the media will try to censor it this time or blame it on lack of gun control . 
  if anything , europe needs more gun access . 
  it 's scary to think that in many eu countries you can face jail for possessing pepper spray . 
  then the private religious schools need to be outlawed . 
  great decision . 
  as a pole living in the uk i totally support uk 's government right to withdraw their benefits to people who are newcomers in the country . 
  personally , i only know one polish person who has moved to the uk to give birth and milk the system but i 'm sure there 's more and these people make my skin crawl . 
  nationalism is on the rise everywhere in europe , not only poland . 
  it 's a knee jerk reaction to regressive leftist policies of ultra liberal governments and uncontrolled immigration . 
  after what happened in cologne on new years eve , after rotherham scandal , charlie hebdo , danish cartoons , thousands of western born and raised muslims joining isis and many other violent and rapey incidents that plagued europe people do n't want any more muslims in their countries . 
  the change you see in people who were once neutral is a reaction to all that too . 
  i hate how conservative , catholic and right wing poland is , but when it comes to being against immigration from muslim countries they are right . 
  and just because we joined the eu did n't mean there was no nationalism . 
  there are thousands of polish people in the uk supporting ukip , for many nationalism has shifted from polish nationalism to european one . 
  poland after fall of communism was in fact just as a nationalist as it is today if not more . 
  we were less exposed to immigration and nationalism was n't talked about especially on an international scale . 
  while i lived abroad i still go to poland about 5 times a year to meet with my family an my cousins who were skin heads in their 20s and now as 40 something year old men remain non aggressive nationalists so i probably have more knowledge about the subject than you do, 
  poland has always been nationalist regardless of government . 
  what do you mean `` syrians should be . . '' ? 
  we have accepted christian syrians and they left for germany . 
  did you miss that part ? 
  as for muslima i 'm sorry but even though i 'm a liberal i 'm with polish government here ( and the rest of v4 ) . 
  muslims have turned counties like sweden or germany into hell holes . 
  i lived abroad for years , ithese people do n't assimilate , most remain on welfare and spread their cancerous pseudo political ideology of usurpation and control in their free time . 
  poland does n't need this shit . 
  and you are out of your mind if you think ukrainians are gon na be scapegoats . 
  polish nationalists see other slavs and eastern europeans ( apart from russsia ) as theit brothers . 
  sorry but what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm saying canada is more strict . 
  uk is n't and it shows . 
  uk is notorious for accepting illiterate uneducated unskilled migrants who remain on welfare . 
  i lived in uk and i currently live in canada . 
  canada has a very strict point system when it comes to refugees/immigrants/asylants . 
  canada experiences very little to no problems with its migrant population because it 's not only very selective but also very careful as to whom they are letting in . 
  even the syrian refugees they accepted have been cherry picked ( most educated from upper middle class , families only , no single males , priority given to christians , gays and sexual assault victims ) . 
  for those reasons canada is doing the best in my opinion . 
  poland has large se asian population too . 
  these people never cause any problems, 
  let me remind you that poland has a very large se asian population . 
  several years ago polish government issued amnesty for those who were in poland illegally and gave them indefinite right to remain . 
  poland happily accepts ukrainian , vietnamese , chinese , korean , cambodian and thai immigrants . 
  poland simply said no to muslim immigrants and rightly so . 
  we have few hundreds syrian refugees privatly sponsored and fuckers escaped to germany, 
  liberals are n't but neo liberal leftist social justice warriors are . 
  the most self sufficient , hard working , money and education oriented people on the planet . 
  and they come free of religion and ideology . 
  that 's why muslims assimilate so much better in the us . 
  americans are non apologetic and do n't bend over backwards to accommodate these people, 
  that 's why these conventions need to be amended . 
  no law , no rule , no constitution is written in the stone . 
  there are also other options . 
  i wrote about it here : https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4n576v/should_eu_adapt_australias_refugee_policy/ also , countries like denmark managed to have an opt out when it comes to these conventions and many rulings do n't apply to them . 
  european court of human rights is n't an eu institution . 
  it 's part of european council which has 47 members . 
  european court of justice is an eu court . 
  i think countries need to sort themselves out internally and stop bowing to these institutions . 
  liberal leaders are the problem , not the eu itself . 
  which is silly because leaving the eu wo n't resolve that . 
  eu members can also work and live in non eu countries which are in eea . 
  and i do n't see how possibly could uk not be in the eea after brexit . 
  it would be economic suicide . 
  haha i love saurkraut, 
  sorry yes i meant uninhabited . 
  and dude i lived in london . 
  perhaps you can find this in richmond park and photoshop it a little bit but it 's still not a sandy beach and blue water . 
  do n't get me wrong , i fucking love london , but it 's not a pretty city . 
  poor sweden . 
  everyone 's bashing swedish food, 
  of course we have our problems . 
  i 'm inclined to blame rampant catholicism as a source of most of them .
