  this is great observation actually . 
  but have n't they been on this earth as long as we are ? 
  this is not a suggestion that they are racially inferior to us or anything like that because i know that some people might take it this way . 
  why is development still so slow or not happening at all in some parts of the world ? 
  i 'm sure that 's where they were headed . 
  some scottish inhabited island . 
  how is it not ? 
  elaborate . 
  ethiopia was also never colonized ... 
  i do n't know , perhaps lack of education ? 
  i find it ridiculous when people tell me that africans ca n't pick themselves up because we went there 150 years ago and left them with an amazing infrastructure . 
  there are also studies out there that suggest that violent video games create completely opposite effect as they act as an outlet and stress relief . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.tamiu.edu/newsinfo/7-08-10/article5.shtml ), 
   but you are of course right , consumption of all kinds of violent media is linked to adverse behaviour including hostility . 
  i actually totally do not agree with this . 
  even your harvard links states : '' \u2022 much of the research on violent video game use relies on measures to assess aggression that do n't correlate with real-world violence . 
  some studies are observational and do n't prove cause and effect . 
  \u2022 federal crime statistics suggest that serious violent crimes among youths have decreased since 1996 , even as video game sales have soared . 
  in recent years , however , other researchers have challenged the popular view that violent video games are harmful . 
  several of them contributed papers to a special issue of the review of general psychology , published in june 2010 by the american psychological association . 
  in one paper , dr. christopher ferguson , a psychology professor at texas a&m international university , argued that many studies on the issue of media violence rely on measures to assess aggression that do n't correlate with real-world violence -- and even more important , many are observational approaches that do n't prove cause and effect . 
  he also cited data from federal criminal justice agencies showing that serious violent crimes among youths have decreased since 1996 , even as video game sales have soared . '', 
  warsaw in 1990 was probably the most depressing city in europe . 
  what 's the difference between violent video games and violent movies ? 
  both glamourize violence , i mean if we go by this notion should n't we all be violent damaged degenerates , specifically those who grew up watching tarantino 's films ? 
  the bottom line is , if you 're not right in the head anything can trigger you . 
  are you guys able to access foreign porn website ? 
  the funny thing is , albania is safe . 
  plus , you have to be nuts escaping on a banana boat from here : http://www.masterdmc.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/albania-city-wallpaper-hd-27.jpg , to the uk . 
  not even pope francis , liberal papal hippy , can save cc . 
  lol , yeah you guys are the worst . 
  racists . 
  no it should n't . 
  if the law says you ca n't discriminate against someone based on their sexual orientation , if the law says women and men are equal , how the fuck does a school get away with teaching bullshit like this . 
  what if the school decided to teach that black people are subhuman ? 
  yet another reason why i call bullshit when india or some african countries blame colonialism for their lack of development . 
  we went through everything , partition , wars , communism , we 're doing ok . 
   europe gets increasingly conservative because of failed dealings with refugees and migration rather than the refugees and migrants suddenly all becoming liberals . 
  and this is our fault . 
  these people were allowed way too much religious and cultural freedoms . 
  not only were they allowed we also encouraged it . 
  marks & spencer in uk is selling burkinis . 
  how do we expect that these people assimilate if we are enabling and applauding their archaic ways of living, 
  abortion is only controversial in religious countries , such as poland , where empathy , respect for human rights , tolerance , science and education are being blocked by religious superstition and fairy tales . 
  there is no conflict of interest between mother and a fetus in terms of bodily autonomy . 
  familiarize yourself with known `` violinist example '' ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_defense_of_abortion ) why exactly are you against legalization of drugs ? 
  you say i 'm against this and i do n't want that but you have not presented one compelling argument . 
  banning things that affect nobody but the consenting adult who choses to engage in them is an attack on personal freedoms . 
  many things that are legal are bad for you , cigarettes and mcdonald 's ie . 
  let people make up their own mind and stop nanning them and telling them what they should or should n't be doing with their bodies . 
  having an opinion is one thing but banning stuff simply because you do n't like it or think its bad is nothing more than dictatorship . 
  abortion on demand is one of the most basic human rights and is available almost in every developed country . 
  just because personally you do n't see reasons to legalize it does n't mean those reasons do n't exist . 
  they do and bodily autonomy is the most important one . 
  legalized abortion , drugs and prostitution have worked very well in countries where it 's been done , getting rid of illegal drugs trade and corruption and violence that was attached to it , legalized prostitution has improved quality of work of sex workers and gave them rights and protection . 
  legalized abortion has n't increased the abortion rates , it made women stop from dying from botched back alley abortion . 
  legal safe abortion also lowers infanticide which you have seen happening in poland a lot . 
  i will remain unconvinced , i 'm a sociologist and i know how easily such researches and studies can be manipulated . 
  having said so i do agree that probably majority of small town poles are totally anti abortion . 
  the thing is that abortion is really easy to get in poland , or you can always go abroad . 
  the only victims of this law will be poor women without financial means to terminate unwanted pregnancy . 
  with lack of proper sex ed , morning after pills and increasingly difficult to obtain contraceptive pills this is a really sad state of affairs especially for women . 
  i 'm sorry but this is really naive . 
  so millions of poles who are jewish , atheist , agnostic or buddhists are n't really polish ? 
  i 'm an atheist and so are my parents , are we not polish . 
  secular country is a country where religion and state are separate . 
  not one when religion is eliminated . 
  holy shit , then write your own fucking article , ocd much ? 
  i am not interested in destroying catholicism in poland . 
  as a democratic nation freedom of religion should always be our human right . 
  i am however all for making poland secular . 
  it 's time to join 2016 and stop mixing fairy tales with politics . 
  yes it was staged . 
  so what ? 
  the polls ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  who sponsored it and what was the methodology ? 
  because going to church on sunday once the mass is over and asking people who are standing outside waiting to say hello to the priest isnt oing to produce pro choice view outcome, 
  no it is n't . 
  poland had a fascinating and amazing culture prior to mieszko 1st , read about it . 
  read `` stara ba\u015bn '' and you 'll perhaps find out how beautiful paganism was . 
  while catholicism was part of our culture for centuries it is now destroying it and turning us into a backwards hole . 
  i 'm not . 
  i speak the truth, 
  she 's not obliged to do shit and she can write whatever she wants and be as emotional as she wants to . 
  who says journalism has to be unbiased ? 
  also , she 's not a journalist , she 's a university professor , of course she 's gon na be opinionated . 
  what 's disgusting exactly ? 
  everything written about pis is true . 
  almost 3 decades of catholic dictatorship ( since the collapse of communism ) has done a huge damage to people , especially the youth . 
  religion in schools and constant indoctrination has turned many people into regressive , religious nut jobs . 
  that 's why so many people left poland too , everyone 's assumes people left to make money ( which of course is true ) but many , like myself , settled abroad to enjoy living in a free tolerant openminded liberal societies . 
  conservatism and catholic church have pushed so far now that small , normally silent left wing and feminist groups are starting to rebel . 
  poland is a right wing backwards dump . 
  i 'll be the first one to admit it . 
  and i 'm not generalizing , while not every american is sex negative the usa overall as a counary is very well known for its prudery and glamorizing of sexual purity . 
  i not buying this thing . 
  first of all , a girl who 'd want to make money for her school selling sex would go and work in escort agency , or place a discreet add somewhere . 
  she would n't want to expose herself like that . 
  i suspect most of these sugar babies are just regular escorts and the website is a scam , they pretend to be young `` good girls '' who need money for school .
