  sadly , yeah . 
  they do it literally every decade like a fucking clock . 
  they are overdue right now . 
  ah , finally . 
  turkey was a bit overdue with their `` once a decade '' military coup . 
  was getting worried . 
  oh , it does - as a tool . 
  if one side benefits from adhering to laws , than laws are relevant . 
  in this case that side is eu , and sadly uk already lost this part of political struggle . 
  [ here 's reference material for you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sepbdgp964a ), 
  exactly this . 
  i really do n't care what uk wants . 
  they are foreign entity right now ( well , starting with them triggering article 50 ) , and eu has no obligations to give them ` best ' , ` good ' or even ` mediocre ' deal . 
  there needs to be negotiations , in which i fully expect eu to get best they can . 
  not to mention even if you negotiate the informal deal in secret , it 's not binding . 
  uk can not negotiate any trade agreement , formally or informally , until they leave eu . 
  period . 
  it 's not a matter of good will , it 's simple legal issue . 
  there are punitive measures in place if uk decides to do it anyway . 
  so , the same it was just expressed loudly ? 
  was clearly eu fault, 
  who said anything about war ? 
  that 's not where difference is . 
  it will be easier to put it in an example ... 
  if estonia is attacked , as member of nato , the article 5 states its territory and sovereignty is to be protected ( that 's essentially what the last sentence means ) . 
  all member are obliged to treat such attack as attack on themselves , and take appropriate actions . 
  if it 's enough to just send a strongly worded letter , nobody has to go to war . 
  however , there 's - at least in theory - no outcome where estonia ceases to exist or loses its territory against its will without other members exhausting all the options , including war . 
  eu on the other hand absolutely permits such outcome . 
  if sweden is attacked , nobody is obliged to do anything . 
  annexation of swedish territory is absolutely one of the possible outcomes . 
  more so , any of the member states can rightfully decline to provide any help to sweden if it 's in accordance with their own policies . 
  in case of germany : if estonia is attacked by russia , you 're bound by the treaty to side with estonia . 
  if sweden is attacked , you can rightfully say it 'd be harmful to your business to intervene and stay completely neutral , or even side with russia . 
  obviously , those are only treaties . 
  treaties are just bits of paper . 
  however , it 'd be a lot more costly for a country to `` get out of '' nato obligation than eu one . 
  technically 12 year old can have a kid so ... yeah, 
  i 'm sure there 's a hitler joke here somewhere . 
  no , it 's not just finland . 
  it 's extremely complicated issue even assuming everyone acts as they should ... and they usually wo n't . 
  it 's as much in hands of receiving country as it is in hands of the country getting rid of them . 
  here 's article 5 of north atlantic treaty :  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  note key points : `` considered an attack against them all '' , '' will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith '' in other words : if you attack nato member , you attack all the members , and all the members will consider that attack as if they were attacked , and take immediate actions against you . 
  now , the relevant part of teu ( article 42.7 ) :  if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
  key point : '' this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . '', 
  in other words : if you attack eu member , other members might act just like nato . 
  they might also join hands and sing kumbaya , or send strongly worded letter , or invade liberia for shits and giggles . 
  which is what i 'm talking about . 
  more rough concertgoer police themselves . 
  it 's not even the asylum policy . 
  it 's the lenient attitude towards migrants actually breaking the law . 
  both from legal perspective , but also from social perspective . 
  there is nothing wrong with refugees , however refugees should obey the f. ... law , with no exceptions . 
  tbh it 's probably not only limited to sweden . 
  tbh i do n't see slovakia , country of 5.5 mln , having equal vote in the matter to germany , country of 82 mln . 
  proportional , sure . 
  my understanding is it 's essentially x depends on y issue . 
  when you remove one dependency , you create more and more problems essentially necessitating revision of nearly entire system . 
  thing about uk car industry is it can be moved out of uk . 
  in most cases there is nothing inherently unique about the country , it was just best deal out of many possible . 
  similarly , uk is not the only market you can sell your cars to . 
  sure , german and french automotive companies will suffer a bit from it , but not even remotely as much to outweight the problems with making special deals . 
  ... because they have internal politics in mind . 
  imagine turkey suddenly admitting on international level to armenian genocide , while maintaining internally it never happened . 
  it just would n't fly . 
  i , on the other hand , think eu has the duty to do what 's best for eu members , not for uk . 
  allowing uk discuss terms of their departure with themselves is not that . . because that 's why there is no talking before they invoke article 50 : any discussion would be between uk and eu representing , among others , uk . 
  when they do invoke the article 50 , there is legal basis to exclude them from those talks on eu side . 
  until commissioning of qe , yeah . 
  rn has by far superior submarine forces , but lacks any cvs . 
  that just by itself is enormous disadvantage , even with ` just ' stovl carriers both spain and italy have . 
  idk , it 's like 300 mln euro a year they might want to spend on nhs . 
  assuming we do n't count russia , china and japan . 
  or india . 
  or france . 
  or italy . 
  and spain . 
  or even taiwan and south korea . 
  after the cuts rn is nothing special , and excels only in one area : submarine warfare , with astute and vanguard classes both being superb , and trafalgars not lagging much behind despite age . 
  surface combatants are extremely lacking though . 
  britannia rule the waves * !, 
  * as long as waves are contested only by small african nations , not any first world power . 
  yup . 
  you are . 
  and not even because eu will want to punish you . 
  it 's because each and every eu state will extort the living hell out of you in every area imaginable to not fuck you over completely . 
  oh , and it 's funny you ` regained sovereignty ' by letting others discuss and decide your future without your participation , 
  implying you could storm beaches of normandy against french armed forces :d, 
  i have no idea how accurate it is for such low values , and it 'd be underwater explosion , not the surface one . 
  it 's equivalent in terms of explosive force . 
  the ` kt of tnt ' measurement was actually made just for that : to let you easily imagine the scale of explosion . 
  it 's unit of energy , with 1 tonne of tnt releasing the energy of around 4.184 gj ( which is actually just a number we agreed on , in reality it 's not as set in stone ) . 
  so , yeah . 
  if you put a nuclear bomb with precisely that yield in the same spot , and under perfect conditions , the initial effect would be the same . 
  there 'd be added issue of fallout , but that 's actually fairly independent form yield itself , and mostly depends on the design ( read : 2 nuclear bombs of the same yield , but different design , could have widely different fallout potential ) . 
  on the side note , nuclear torpedoes designed in 50 's and 60 's were supposed to have ~ 5-10 kt warheads . 
  and here 's a 1kt nuclear explosion , operation ranger 's able : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtnoa_a2_fu here 's soviet 3.5 kt underwater test : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fyrhw5djua ( it would be ~ twice the size of ship 's explosion ) . 
  he 's not .
