  otherwise i 'd get something like 900 euro after taxes , which is borderline insulting . 
   the problem is it sounds terrible politically . 
  ... and simply wo n't work . 
  even now common method of tax avoidance is minimizing your income tax , and instead living as one-person company . 
  it 's extended to family . 
  usually that 's enough . 
  i think you severely underestimate importance of embassies . 
  sure , who needs `` ambassador of portugal '' anyway ? 
  let 's get rid of them across the world . 
  and recall all the embassies to portugal while we 're at it . 
  leverage and safety . 
  it usually extends not only to strictly diplomats , but also support personnel as well for the same reason . 
  it would not only worsen international relations , but it would straight up make it impossible to conduct any ( at least in timely manner ) . 
  if countries stopped respecting vienna convention on diplomatic relations we 'd see massive recall of diplomatic personnel across the world . 
  seems they ran out since 2nd and 3rd abrams still had crows in desert camo . 
  `` ireland english '' i guess he 's loyalist, 
  she will be presented with agreement after she invokes a50 , not before . 
  nobody in eu will talk about uk leaving simply because it would mean uk negotiating with itself . 
  part of a50 is exclusion of leaving party from the negotiations . 
  actually it gives exactly correct picture ... only in uk and usa it means more than that . 
  hell , even in finland it means exactly that : senior management position under minister . 
   they could have grabbed a big chunk of the market no , no they could n't . 
  by the time nokia went with windows , they already were gone . 
  they moved away from symbian in late 2011 . 
  even if they went with android devices , they 'd be very much trailing . 
  if anything , they should have switched in 2008-2009 at the latest . 
  well , you 're living in one of the richest countries in the world . 
  i do n't , and even i 'm in statistically privileged position compared to vast majority of world population . 
  people often forget that . 
  thing with used cars like that is you have no idea what 's up . 
   norway has a lot of hydroelectricity though . 
  and you paid for all that with all those with fish export and cross-country skiing right ? 
  30 000 eur in poland . 
  with over 4 times lower average wage . 
  even worse scenario : both sides have money , not taste and do n't talk to each other . 
  do n't think it 's default polish state of being . 
  and yeah , i got it you 're in poland for wyd - also the reason why i 'm not in poland right now . 
  i assure you , you are loud . 
  you think you are n't but you are . 
  also , you smile . 
  family will likely not give a fuck , although there are some extremes . 
  people will stare ( or look away ) , since first you 're exotic and second : american . 
  we 're a lot more reserved and quiet . 
  it 's extremely unlikely you 're going to be harassed though . 
  the worst is likely entire narrative of smole\u0144sk ` terrorist attack ' . 
  our government , on multiple occasions - yes , after they 've been elected and while they are in power , and that includes for example our minster of defense - accused russia of killing polish president and other officials in a deliberate attack . 
  and that 's the high profile politicians . 
  low-profile ones , and media associated with pis , are even better , for example readily implicating donald tusk and angela merkel as co-conspirators in said assassination . 
  it 's top of the iceberg though . 
  pis mp recently ridiculed report that there 's significant increase in racism-inspired attacks by comparing race/ethnicity to socks color preference or soups , as if it was the same . 
  there is no such thing as political correctness here . 
  now . 
  any attack perpetrated by , say , afghani will immediately turn it upside down . 
  the lack of racism in poland , and i really think we 're mostly not racist country , is very fragile state . 
  if you really get into that most people have ` they do n't harm us , so they 're fine ' attitude . 
  if it changes , well ... it 's enough to have minority of violent people and majority of those who do n't act . 
  another thing is our politicians nowadays will happily exploit any attack to further their own popularity , and they have no pc sensibilities nor really any other inhibitions . 
  polish politician is far from what you 'd consider european politician . 
  it would n't be even close to worst thing pis said . 
   intelligence was not aware of any threat at the time given our intelligence is absolute , utter crap beyond any hope it 's not really surprising . 
   the rage if any terrorist attack would happen when pope visits would be enormous to put it mildly ... 
  if catholic event like \u015adm was hit , we 'd have politicians calling for purifying the country out of infidel scum , and probably hinting at modern crusade . 
  well , '' \u0105 '' for example is also considered separate letter in polish alphabet and i 've never seen it used . 
  in fact , i 've never seen listings deviating past the standard latin alphabet , and we 've got even more extra letters than you guys ( 32 in total vs 29 in turkish , at least as far as wiki goes ) . 
   [ \u00f6 ] you use it in the a , b , c , d , ... listings ? 
   there 's 0 % chance of that happening tomorrow ? 
  sure . 
  there 's simply no way of knowing , and there risk is there . 
  there might not be eu anymore for example , it 's a scenario you have to consider . 
  in any conflict finland might also decide to maintain its neutrality , and to do so they might get pressured into cutting any trade like that with nato countries . 
  that is actually very much a possibility even today : when given an option - cut deliveries to baltic state , or be considered belligerent in a conflict - do you really think finnish government would hesitate ? 
  they balance the line of not pissing moscow and not pissing brussels/washington/paris / berlin/london . 
  yes , it is . 
  however , finland is not a good choice for substitution . 
  sure , it 's eu member , but it 's also on border of russia 's sphere of influence . 
  it 's not nato member either . 
  given the time frame we 're talking about here ( decades ) , anything can happen . 
   i do n't see why it could n't be utilized even more because you 're substituting one dependency with another . 
  sure finland has plenty of space , but baltic states do n't . 
  yes , but consider this - i 'll abstract it for easier read - wind farm can produce 10 ` energy per hour ' . 
  you need 10 energy per hour for 12 hours a day , and only 6 for the rest of a day . 
  sounds good ? 
  well ... the energy produced by wind farm is max value : it fluctuates between 0 and 10 , and we ca n't control it upward : we ca n't really force wind to blow . 
  so , when we need 10 it produces 0 , and when we need only 6 it goes all the way up to 10 !, 
  again , sounds good - take that additional 4 and use it during 10 period . 
  except we ca n't store the energy . 
  so , when the wind produces only 4 when 10 is needed , the various other methods are used to cover it : it 's called grid balancing . 
  those methods are anything from importing energy , using stored energy ( which is extremely hard nowadays - with best method being literally pumping water , which in turn takes a lot of space ) or producing energy via other easily controllable means ( for example by burning natural gas ) . 
  oh , and because the storage is so hard now , significant portion of overall energy wind farms can potentially produce during long period is wasted ( as in : not collected ) . 
  finally , because energy is such important thing for a country nobody wants to rely on outside . 
  essentially , france wo n't let all its energy needs be covered by germany , because while it would n't be much of a problem now nobody knows if in 20 years france and germany get pissed at each other over alsace , and germany will have an ability to literally shut down your entire country . 
  similarly , poland wants to cover polish energy needs in its entirety , or at least have the ability to do so in emergency . 
  hydro is only viable in very specific location . 
  you essentially need to create a lake , usually over people 's houses , animal habitats and so on . 
  even in larger countries it 's a very hard to find a place where you actually can do it . 
  nuclear on the other hand seems to scare the shit out of people so there 's that . 
  and how exactly did you think power in turkey might change ? 
  given the faux-democratic character of turkish politics it 's not going to happen through elections . 
   big war is coming big war is coming . 
  it 's unclear when though , so there 's that .
