  his previous occupation hard to check . 
  it 's not ridiculous standards , it 's reality . 
  if you wanted to work in , say , australia , you 'd go through lengthy process too - and i 'm assuming all the records of your activity and education in iceland ( ? ), 
  are relatively easy to access ( as in : not blown up ) . 
  in this case he 's given the benefit of the doubt and let into safe country , and cared for , during said process . 
  that 's one of the main differences between refugee and immigrant : he can get in , immigrant has to ` wait outside ' most of the time . 
  as for laws and customs : every western country expect them to know and respect laws and customs from the second they cross the border . 
  it 's one of the basic principles behind virtually every modern law . 
  * drogue , 
  or thrust vectoring on the rest of the bunch , 
  that 's the issue i 'm having the most ... everybody seems to take what those people say at the face value . 
  people lie , especially when they want something . 
  unless iraqi and syrians are some magical breed of homo sapiens , they will also lie . 
  are we going with `` incredibly expensive '' -  `` norway expensive '' gradation ? 
  than i 'd agree . 
  `` al-aswad has now been in the country for three months '' there is no way you did n't notice that . 
  he expected to go from `` i 'm iraqi without any skills '' to `` normal life in finland '' in 3 months . 
  that 's barely enough to check if he 's not a fraud and teach him basics of law and customs . 
  welcome to polish problem right now . 
  for next 4 years we 're stuck with current bullshit . 
  they 'd need to seriously crack down on their own muslim communities as well ( tatars mostly ) . 
  that 's why i think it 's very unlikely , although not impossible . 
  that 's why it 's 19th century solution , and would have to be tied to 19th century solutions at home as well . 
  like the ones russia already implements to some degree ... 
  i 'm not advocating for use of nuclear weapons by any means , but within very strict set of policies , that would be unacceptable by the western societies by the way , it could be effective deterrent . 
  you 'd need to apply equally drastic measures to your own population too , which is - again - something west is not ok with , but russia is already in process of doing . 
  population under their control fears death and torture , that 's why they are under their control in first place . 
  they would n't go quietly into the night if even bigger threat was out there giving them no choice but to fight . 
  pros and cons are not universal . 
  are there more pros for russians than cons ? 
  if the west does n't overreact than yeah . 
  it sends the strong message to middle east : you kill 100 of our tourists , we 'll murder million of your people . 
  because we too can use terror as weapon , and we have a lot better tools to do it than you ever could imagine to have . 
  it would pressure the region into self-submission out of sheer fear of retaliation . 
  it 's a bit 19th century solution to a problem though ... 
   explain to me how finding crap at one , constitutes a `` pattern '' it does n't . 
  there are hundreds of mosques linked to terrorism organizations throughout europe . 
  it 's just the first one we caught red handed in recent memory , with something more than just hate speech . 
  it 's not a surprise either , given how absurd social pressure is put on people who should investigate every allegation , but do n't in fear of being accused of racism or islamophobia ( like in rotherham rape cases ) . 
   we can hardly go into a traditional war with the most nuclear-armed nation in the world the fact both sides are armed with nuclear weapons means neither side can conquer another one . 
  it does n't mean one side ca n't beat another . 
  mad goes both ways , and unless your endgame is total and utter destruction of russian state , russia will negotiate . 
  you 're assuming russia is germany . 
  to put it simply : it 's not democratic state with free media , where people have any ability ( or even willingness ) to change their government . 
  if sanctions truly start to show effect , and they 'd need to be a lot more severe , russia will simply threaten war . 
  frankly , the only way to deal with russia with relatively small casualties is probably now : their military strength is a bluff right now . 
  what redditors ( and yeah , it 's generalization ) do n't understand government is not synonymous to people . 
  people are represented by multiple entities , companies and governments among others . 
  governments are not always right , neither are companies , and frankly the very nature of ` the people ' ( and by extension : entities representing them ) is to screw each other to protect own interest . 
  hence , why we need ability for company to sue government . 
  there 's bunch of issues here , but saying `` russia fights isis '' is a bit generous statement . 
  russia fights all organizations opposing assad , from secular to muslim extremist . 
  some of those organizations are supported by western nations , some are by turkey . 
  the things get extremely complicated when we put kurds in a mix ... turkey would gladly support isis in fight against kurds and assad , but it did fight isis on numerous occasions . 
  it 's clusterfuck , but frankly russia is not really a good guy here . 
  most of their attacks are directed against everything but the isis . 
  in this case the bomber that was shot down was operating against turkmen brigades formed from turkish minority living in northern syria , and frankly not really a terrorist in any capacity - guerilla fighters would be more accurate . 
  also small issue of ground speed vs air speed . 
  because russia has been bombing them for months now , and the plane that was shot down was doing just that ... 
  pretty much yeah . 
  russia goal in syria is not to beat isis , although that 'd have to be done as well , but to retain influence , port and airbase in syria - for which they need either assad ( or someone else from his regime ) to be in power . 
  for propaganda purposes they brand all other as ` jihadi ' , ` terrorist ' and so on . 
  syria is not zero-sum game ... one of the reasons why this place is so fucked up is because of how many groups with varying ideologies fight each other there . 
  in this very case russians were bombing turkmen brigades . 
  it 's group set up by turkmen assembly and turkey to provide counter to kurds in fight against isis , assad and god knows who else . 
  russia just loves to call anyone they bomb isis . 
  i 'm sure if they leveled kindergarten they 'd claim it was full of 5-year-old jihadi, 
  in general there are 4 sides in this war : assad loyalist , isis extremists , kurds and - couple dozen of groups that fall in between forming ' 4th ' side . 
  those groups include anything from secular ethnic militias , to literally al-qaeda . 
  yes , al-qaeda does n't support isis ... 
  in case of turkmen brigades , they fight assad , isis and kurds for separate reasons . 
  frankly , you might just google it yourself , but here 's just the first link describing who they are : http://www.ibtimes.com/turkey-us-syrian-isis-free-safe-zone-turkmen-brigades-move-syria-al-nusra-moves-out-2048836, 
  they 're donating small arms ammunition to isis by firing at them ... not everyone opposing assad is automatically fine with isis , that 's one of the reasons why this is such a clusterfuck . 
  you might want to stop watching russian tv mate . 
  you got this armed neutrality thing going though . 
  currently ` armed ' is a bit ambitious of the word though , 
  turkmens are threat to the whole world ? 
  because that 's who 's bombarded there , not isis . 
  actually , no . 
  crimean tatars, 
  they simply ca n't retaliate militarily . 
  turkey alone would have more than enough resources to defend own territory - russian power projection capabilities are a joke . 
  so now every rebel in syria is isis ? ... 
  there are so many factions there it 's headache inducing . 
  most are actually ` supported ' by most western nation ( or at least tolerated ) , and do n't engage nor want to , in terrorist actions . 
  they are not saints , sure , but they are not isis . 
  key words for next couple days : `` deeply regret '' `` condemn '' `` serious repercussions '' `` protests '' maybe recall of ambassadors . 
  nothing more . 
  well , if russian aircraft violated swedish airspace while conducting bombing runs on swedish-supported finnish rebels close to swedish border , it would probably be fired upon . 
  as i said :p just like they supported isil , they supported al-qaeda . 
   it 's scary how many people do n't know about this . 
  about what ? 
  that isil , or rather the organizations that spawned it , were supported by us government at some point ? 
  sure they were . 
  just like bin laden 's al-qaeda was ... all that is direct result of american people not willing to get directly involved , rather wanting to work through intermediaries . 
  there 's major difference however between that and what turkey does nowadays though . 
  see , xenophobic is what - in broad sense - arab cultures are promoting . 
  they literally fear their countries will get westernized , they fear our influence . 
  the attitude in question is at best arrogant . 
   it 's not like normal hospitals refuse male rape victims ?
