  entire societies refuse even the idea there is such thing as male rape victim . 
  that 's why it 's needed . 
  could n't have said it better , and in such condensed form . 
  frankly , i thought it 's common knowledge for anyone interested in geopolitics even tiny bit though , and that type of `` tl/dr '' would never be needed . 
  i admit i was mistaken . 
  yup , in major city too . 
  shower is for personnel only though . 
  still , 4 * c. it 's not really ` layman tenting ' type of temperature . 
  full refund as in current market value , or full refund as in the value of the car as it was sold by vw . 
  if it 's the latter , than i 'm sorry but nobody in their right mind would accept their car back when the option of buying similar , new one with all the benefits is there . 
  i have 90s flashbacks ... 
  there are still isolated instances of something not far from that in poland though . 
  the shower i 'm supposed to use after night shift for example . 
  idk , google claims it 's getting below 0 * c in stockholm already during night ( well , early morning ) . 
  let 's legalize theft , murder and rape while we 're at that . 
  you ca n't prevent 100 % of it , so why bother ? 
  which is the best case scenario from 10 years ago . 
  from the time where one 's education in syria was easy to collaborate , paperwork was complete and so on . 
  i 'd guess currently it would be hard to even contact her university back in syria . 
  even than , 2-3 years for such volume of people is massive burden , and enough time to piss them off given what they were told . 
  the entire discussion about her parents is ... weird . 
  what i 've read suggests her father had certain political inclination . 
  how did it influence her though , it 's hard to say . 
   `` i know from my conversations with ( russian president vladimir ) putin that he ( does not accept ) phrases like when barack obama said russia was a regional power . 
  what does that mean ? 
  you ca n't talk about russia like that '' link so , let 's see if i understand it correctly : 1 ) jean-claude juncker , `` prime minister '' of eu , does n't understand what `` regional power '' means 2 ) he does n't understand why russia is regional power , as opposed to ` superpower ' , which it clearly aspires to become again 3 ) what 's even funnier , he thinks it 's enough of an insult that we need to make poor russians feel better ? 
  because if i do understand it correctly , the guy is not qualified to understand a newspaper let alone be in his office . 
  nah , the 'd have absurdly low base tax for the size . 
  production and partially manpower on the other hand would push overall development score . 
  yup ... 
  either you remember it personally , or your parents told you , or your grandparents told you . 
  hell , i 'm pretty sure they 're using the same guidelines they did back in soviet days given how similar their current narrative is . 
  not really , not that odd . 
  gdr was quite a different beast when it comes to propaganda and brainwashing compared to poland , czechoslovakia , romania , hungary and so on . 
  i can assure you so would poles and polish government . 
  which is one of the reason why it 's such absurd notion syrians would stay here when poles would rather not . 
  also , iceland is quite ... unique when it comes to polish diaspora . 
  it 's not that it 's perfect everywhere else , but i can see why you might see it as a problem . 
  well , in many fields we 're actually on par or slightly ahead . 
  luftwaffe however would probably repeat it 's '39 success though . 
  that 's assuming ` paper ' strength could be transferred into real life combat potential by both sides . 
  and even few eu members with schengen access that happily fill that vacuum already . 
   they might be , but it wo n't help them much until they 've spent a few years learning the language , then a year or two at university relearning terminology and learning all the relevant local regulations . 
  it 's not even that . 
  many trades are regulated . 
  for example , syrian md can be as qualified as polish one . 
  he might even know the language , terminology and literally be ready to work tomorrow ( assuming it 's somehow possible ) . 
  still , he wo n't be permitted to work as md for years until he gets his education sorted out ( which might include repeating several years at university and internship ) . 
  similarly virtually all the medical professionals will be treated - nurses , vets , paramedics and so on . 
  it applies to many other fields as well in one way or another . 
  bottom line is : those people are many , many years from being anything but unskilled labor . 
   `` convince cameroon to open borders '' that 's such a lovely misspell/autocorrect error :d, 
   uman traffickers are known for misquoting and bending statements key word : known . 
  we all knew how her words will be relayed and understood the second she spoke them . 
  it does n't matter what she meant , it matters what was understood . 
  i 'd love to see the average reported in oil bulletin irl . 
  hell , literally at 28th i paid 5.03 pln per liter ( although it was my fault : i had to fill up on motorway , the ` regular ' price in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a was closer to 4.70 pln per liter at the time ) . 
  still quite a bit off from what the report suggests ) . 
  sure . 
  still , the asylum-seeker should apply in greece if it 's first safe country he reaches . 
  that should be conditio sine qua non of even considering such application . 
  yes , the asylum-seeker should not remain in greece but rather be moved to other countries while his application is processed . 
  while i do n't agree with motives behind zeman statement , it 's absolutely correct : eu through current form of dealing with refugees is approving ( and even supporting ) crime , creating double standards discriminating own citizens and violating basic principles upon which member states are even built . 
  there needs to be robust and fair mechanism created , not band-aid solutions . 
   pis was trying super hard to appear moderate and rational during the election , but they 've only shown their true face they won . 
  if only they were in power already , with exactly the same leadership , so we could predict that might happen ... oh , wait . 
  they were . 
  honestly , they did n't even try to appear moderate and rational during election . 
  duda was openly supporting complete abortion ban for example . 
  either is still fairly niche useage , and apple clearly does n't want you to use lightning port either : they are pushing bt headphones . 
  and to be fair , those earpods are actually quite comfortable and in general good enough for on the go use . 
  yeah , in those 2 centuries poland was not at war for maybe 10 years total , and usually involved in at least one major conflict be it with sweden , ottomans , russia , some hre state or civil war . 
  yup , that 's more like it although it did n't really decide the conflict and gustav aldoph got his ass handed to him during battle of trzciana , although with substantial austrian help . 
  that war was interesting because of naval battle though : battle of oliva was first and pretty much only major naval engagement of polish naval forces prior to ww2 . 
  those were mostly saxons though , august did n't have much of a support . 
  we were too busy discussing if we should dethrone him or not . 
  even during the battle polish contingent was happy to avoid fighting . 
  swede praising polish hussars made me think of kircholm . 
  tl/dr 3000 plc troops , including over 2000 hussars completely crushed swedish army of 10000 men with nearly no losses to themselves , but near-total destruction of swedish army . 
  chodkiewicz , the guy who commanded polish troops there , later died while successfully defending plc from ottomans against similar odds during battle of khotyn . 
  leadership as well as rapidity of entire expedition . 
  polish forces left krak\u00f3w less than a month before the battle , which sounds plenty of time now but back than moving so many people , cannons , uniting with multi national force with plenty of conflicting interests , establishing working command structure and than going into battle in less than 4 weeks was achievement by itself . 
  something new is britons physically attacking poles ... britons being hostile towards poles is not , it 's a problem lingering since polish accession to eu . 
  that 's probably the most german problem you could have in combat situation . 
  well ... all army vehicles in poland have military plates within the general polish ( and by extension : european ) convention . 
  that includes mbts too . 
  that said , it 's usually just painted on tanks , apcs , ifvs etc. , while the mraps , jeeps and trucks tend to have regular plate identical to that used to be issued to civilians . 
  used to be , since military uses polish flag rather than eu stars , and that was the style in use between 2000 and 2006 . 
  as to why ... technically all that vehicles are road legal . 
  i guess you want to know which tank was speeding through a village and got caught on speed camera , 
  oh , it is doable . 
  it 's not exactly acceptable : forced deportations into war zones and military enforcement of border security with pretty much `` shoot to kill '' approach would solve the issue very quickly . 
  obviously it 's completely out of question , but still making europe even more attractive to migrants/refugees is only making it worse . 
  adequate healthcare system is exactly what 's at work here . 
  the treatment options were exhausted , only option remaining being enucleation of the eye ( removal ) . 
  that 's best cost effective course of action . 
  regardless of your wealth , you have to accept healthcare goal is to maintain as healthy society as possible , not heal every member of society . 
  as md i ca n't really work any other way here in poland . 
  it 's great for hospitals to circumvent labor laws , and for me to not get completely shafted on income tax . 
  i do n't abuse it much , but i know of people who go way out of their way .
