  region not so long ago in state of quasi civil war caused by ethnic divide ? ... 
  both ... belgian police seems to be only slightly more competent than toddlers at their job . 
  sure , policies need to change but with police force like that any social problem will turn into overwhelming security issue . 
  yeah , in anonymous surveys ... 
  problem is social pressure does n't really go with what majority thinks . 
  i can bet you it would look a lot differently if you asked the same people to voice their views in front of friends and family - especially outside of big cities . 
   who could possibly have expected that electing crazy christians into a position of power could have any negative consequences ? 
   surprisingly a lot of intelligent people . 
  it baffles me how many of my friends are surprised . 
  i guess 10 years is a long time . 
  and now i have to listen to some rammstein . 
   they 're focused on high profile targets . 
  seems france has attracted a lot of ire . 
  not exactly . 
  they are focused on targets where they can easily blend in and find people sympathetic to their cause : not necessarily terrorists , but rather people who would not immediately report their activities , give them shelter and so on . 
  there 's plenty of high profile targets in poland , czech republic , slovakia , hungary where they could hit . 
  hell , they could bomb the annual christian gatherings where thousands gather with barely any security . 
  if they really wanted to kill people and send the message they could use a truck and ram one of the walking pilgrimages likely killing and injuring more than in paris or belgium , and from their religious perspective hit jackpot by murdering devout catholics . 
  thing is , they 'd stick like a sore thumb : would n't speak the language , would n't know the customs and would be unaware how security apparatus works . 
  there 's a reason why attacks in , say , paris were carried by native french speakers with criminal history in france . 
  it 's simply a lot easier and a lot more effective that way . 
  this is also one of the reasons why some of us here in poland are not exactly happy with syrian refuges ( some are simply racists but that 's separate issue ) . 
  not because they are muslims or arab , but because those people will learn the language , customs , see how our police and other services work ... and since they will come in big batches , it 's likely they 'll get isolated , wo n't integrate and will be susceptible to radicalization . 
  i skimmed through that , but are there any evidence other than single twitter message , that the attack was religiously motivated ? 
  as far as i read into it there is not a lot of facts and a crapton of speculations ... 
  as far as i 'm concerned it does n't matter if 100 people are killed in airstrike , or rounded up and killed with a knife one by one . 
  limiting supply of arms wo n't stop the conflict . 
  i 'd even say it might make the war worse : modern weapon systems are designed around certain parameters and requirements . 
  mass murder is not one of them . 
  saudi arabia is industrialized state , they can manufacture a lot worse themselves if we cut them off . 
  and when they start using mustard gas , what will you say than ? 
  let 's invade them and stop them ? 
  let 's ignore wmds even . 
  iran does n't really need west to run their arms industry . 
  is their stuff worse ? 
  sure . 
  you do n't need panavia tornado with guided munition to kill civilians . 
  ww2 vintage bomber with some minor modernization would do just fine . 
  also , it 's called arms trade for a reason , not arms charity . 
  and how exactly do you want to ensure it ? 
  by not selling them weapons ? 
  they will just move from dropping bombs to conducting raids with small arms and toyota pickups . 
  the balance of power will shift , but it will be the same or likely even bigger mess than it is now . 
  yesterday it was red army faction and basque separatists , now it 's bunch of jihadists . 
  terrorism is nothing new . 
  however , it 's first time the response to such acts is both extremely weak and suggestive of ability to compromise . 
   impounding the cars is an ingenious solution , imo . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's loophole that could be exploited maliciously . 
  it creates leverage receiving state can exploit to gain favors or otherwise influence the diplomat . 
   big deal . 
  yes . 
  quite big deal . 
  it 's one of the ways you can initiate recruitment of an asset for once . 
  it also opens a loophole allowing any state to seriously interfere with embassy work . 
  imagine sudanese in this case do n't retaliate by impounding speeding cars in sudan . 
  they retaliate by impounding all cars driven by , belonging to or otherwise related to diplomatic mission in sudan . 
  sure , you can walk everywhere but it would be pain in the ass , and your mission would be limited to quite small region suddenly . 
  obviously you retaliate ... and you waste your time engaging in massive pissing match . 
  the idea behind the diplomatic immunity is just that : make sure embassy can work properly regardless of circumstances . 
   right to free spech , and the protection of law from murder i 'd say that applies to anyone on swedish territory , regardless of ethnicity or nationality . 
   i 'm not saying that it is as strict as military checkpoints , but you can be sure that it 's pretty much strict , and police forces has the authority for active searching . 
  you 're literally describing regular surveillance in city under `` heightened terrorist threat '' ... or frankly , how police operates all around poland right now , and in many other countries . 
  you did n't describe anything particularly surprising . 
  hell , i 've had my car searched once because police vaguely suspected i might be selling drugs ( only because my car had same color as suspected dealer 's ... black ) . 
  iding is absolutely common here too if any crime was committed in area ( it allows police to cross-check people present with suspects , as well as easily search for witnesses ) . 
  reacting to suspicious people visible on cctv is also extremely common . 
  this  is < passive surveillance . 
  any action is reactive , not proactive . 
  we do n't live in tv america . 
  it 's very different . 
  cameras provide surveillance . 
  it 's passive , does n't interfere with daily life . 
  checkpoints first and foremost restrict movement , but also provide means to actively search people and vehicles . 
  if you want the analogy : what you got now is equivalent to security guard watching over people going in and out of shopping center . 
  what you 'd need to prevent this sort of events is security guard doing body cavity searches of everyone getting in and out of the mall . 
  there is massive difference between measures taken on the ground to prevent such attacks , and what societies at large deem acceptable . 
  what governments usually do is , for example , to try infiltrate the terrorist organizations , restrict access to certain material necessary to make a explosive devices , watch people known to have ties to terrorist organizations and so on . 
  all of above have limited effectiveness , and in the end is as effective in preventing attack on strict center of a capital as in preventing attack on village with 2 elderly couples being sole residents ( actually , scratch that : the village with only 2 elderly couples is easier ) . 
  location of the attack is mostly irrelevant ... 
  unless you want military checkpoints everywhere that is . 
  seriously , i would n't put much blame on turkish security apparatus until i know more about what happened . 
   it 's easier being a small country yes , in some ways . 
  small countries can react better to certain problems within the society . 
  however :  would large countries be better of splitting into smaller ones ? 
  not necessarily . 
  internal problems are just one issue out of many . 
  being small has a lot of disadvantages , especially when there are n't big ones to stand up for you . 
  there 's good reason why france is france , germany is germany , united states are united and so on . 
  estonia 's existence is direct result of big countries protecting it against other big countries . 
  yup , there 's a lot of potential reasons . 
  the fact is concepts of realpolitik and power politics are the ones russia happily uses in it 's international relations . 
  at some point there might be a reason important enough for them for such drastic measure to be taken . 
  they do n't have to go through finland . 
  as i said , invasion with purpose of occupation is just not something that could happen . 
  however , limited invasion with purpose of essentially beating sweden into submission would . 
  naval and aerial blockade would be more than enough given swedish economy . 
   only fools would show of all they can do against an obvious bluff sweden does n't have much in terms of defensive alliances . 
  as far as war go , sweden would have to rely on nato aggressively injecting themselves into conflict against russia . 
  if russia decides on military intervention , sweden will have quite a bad day and likely be left alone ( or with nordic battlegroup joke forces ) .
