to be honest i just decided there are better destinations for a vacation . 
  saved me from jet lag too . 
  still , it 's kind of a dream of anyone from ex-commie states to see mighty united states of america ( even though you realize it 's not ` exactly ' how you might have imagined it when you were 10 ) . 
  i mean , quite a lot of stuff is north of edmonton . 
  if you 'd put it in europe , it would be south of baltic sea . 
   get taxis from tornio to turku ( 700 + kilometres , 1000 + euro trip ) , and all that . 
   that 's quite sweet scenic route if you like ... um ... trees mostly . 
  or you can apply for tourist visa and get it rejected . 
  i 'm still salty . 
  i dream about many things . 
  i do n't expect them to happen though . 
  what i find more amusing is they did n't realize the reason there 's nobody on the street is because everybody is drunk in sauna . 
  it really speaks at length about finnish winter , when you use it to stop bloody russians . 
  wait ... is n't that less than in romania ? 
  brits will still somehow overboil it . 
  nah , just simple calculation ( work time , work load at home , income and so on ) . 
  we also have ` chart ' meetings by the way , things change . 
  there 's more management now than there are doctors ( looks similar ? 
  looking at my friends working for corporations i 'd actually like to have even that . 
  they earn more than i do , work less and have little to no legal and moral responsibility to worry about . 
  than there 's issue of mandatory courses i have to pay for from my own pocket . 
  bah , i 'm pissed just writing it . 
  some people work 8 hours a day you wanted to say . 
  sure , there are people who do just that . 
  saying that ` nobody ' works 10-12 hours a day , and by the way that 's across entire spectrum - from lowest paid to highest paid - is simply wrong . 
  the percentage might be lower in germany , or especially in countries like sweden , but there are people who do work as much ( like it or not , i do n't - but hey , it 's either that or being paid below national average thanks to fucking public healthcare system being shit ) . 
   syria is not some country from the stone age , they speak english , french and thus learn the latin alphabet . 
  they were taught some french or some english . 
  does n't mean they speak it at all . 
   plus if anything , western europe needs more cheap labor that the locals wo n't ever do . 
  i ca n't even remember when i last saw an austrian cleaning lady or chamber maid or dishwasher or nurses assistant or cab driver , etc you know what 's wrong ? 
  that cheap labor is that : cheap . 
  as in , paid low . 
  and still requires enough language skills to communicate ... 
  in other words , those people will have to spend a year or two learning local language to be paid close to minimum wage ... 
  google claims it 's roughly 1.369 euro per liter , is that correct ? 
  if so , that 's not that outlandish . 
  funny , i know people who average 14-16 , and personally would probably get close to 10 if i count night shifts . 
  with tentacles . 
   what are you views ( curiously ) on mandatory military service as in austria or switz . 
  ect ? 
  i 'm against , mainly because conscription-based military proved to be inferior to professional ones on multiple occasions ( plus austria would be bad example imho , their military is pathetic - i 'd rather go with israel ) . 
  however , i support wider adoption of national guard-style service in poland . 
  we have something that 's supposed to be similar ( nsr , narodowe si\u0142y rezerwowe , national reserve force ) , but it 's still project in the making , mostly made up of people who served before conscription was abolished ( or otherwise left active military service but still do n't want to cut ties with armed forces ) . 
  which is probably right : croatia is viewed as budget destination , and it does n't have extensive coverage from our tourist operators bulgaria has . 
  joke on you !, 
  poles just pack their food and come back home when they run out , 
  it 's more of an education issue though , not really actual ties to country ( although i can trace my heritage of my family here in poland back to at least 17th century , and that 's without much effort ... never dug ) . 
  i 'm not talking about academic-level studies , but something average pole is exposed to . 
  the way history is taught in poland idealizes the generations that fought first for return of poland as independent state during and after partitions ( including such things as retaining polish culture despite russification and germanisation ) . 
  world war 1 is portrayed as brutal conflict , yes , but one that gave us 2nd polish republic . 
  the interbellum period is shown as nearly ideal time of good government , rapid economic growth and so on . 
  the interruption of polish-soviet war as unprovoked invasion , where our greatest fought hard and honorably against savage soviets , and despite all the odds against them won . 
  than there 's ww2 , where the major focus is polish government-in-exile , polish forces in the west and east , armia krajowa ... and than finally soviet times with stalinism-era oppression , death sentences , followed by another wave of resistance , this time against communism ( and all the people that were killed during that time , even though there was no armed uprising as such ) . 
  before the 90s the history was taught differently , but still to some degree promoted polish national values . 
  after the collapse of soviet-backed government though , we 've gone full on the opposite side . 
  think movies , tv series , documentaries and public education going along the line above . 
  the literature promoting that image is also prevalent ( and i can assure you , vast majority of polish literature from 18th century onward focuses on the issues i mentioned above ) ... 
  frankly , as you said , it 's entire debate in itself . 
  how much of it factors into our views of immigrants ? 
  hell if i know ... 
  the entire issue is full of lies and half-truths being propagated by both sides of argument in all countries , including poland . 
  that makes it really hard to asses , and for some reason the polls on the subject are scarce and usually done with some bias or shady methodology . 
   regarded as a disrespect that 's british level of understatement . 
  seriously , some people thought of it as outright insult . 
  andros trophy runs very , very modified cars . 
  with awd and all-wheel-steering . 
  dacia logan cup is indeed what i meant , but than again you race logans against identical ( more or less ) logans  . 
  as for cheapness ... well , most rally cars on the budget i 've seen ( and driven , although never in anger ) were usually based on performance versions of used cars . 
  like type r civics for example , or gti golfs . 
  other option is highly modified ` regular ' version , again like civic with engine swap . 
  again , i 'm not saying men ca n't or should n't run from war personally . 
  the problem is , that for example we , the polish society , are taught to fight for our country . 
  we 're taught about uprising during partitions . 
  we 're taught about defending against soviet union in 20s . 
  we 're taught about resistance in ww2 . 
  we celebrate martyrs , not cowards . 
  it varies from series to series . 
  you 've got nascar , where even some body details are literally painted on , and you 've got lower-class rallies or autocross where it 's mostly stock car with some mods ( which is what this is i assume ) . 
  well , most of those are dacia body look-a-likes strapped to custom chassis and so on . 
  the one in original picture looks like it 's stock car someone put some stickers on . 
  i guess it 's essentially b0 platform , the same clio is based on , so you could make it work ... 
  i 'd rather start with something already half decent though :p, 
   someone with an advanced degree in a profession that 's in demand in the cities may not be too happy about getting shipped off to the forest . 
  and what exactly will the ` advanced degree in a profession ' do if such person has no language skills , no experience on site ? 
  not even mentioning other issues , like being able to prove his qualifications and previous experience . 
  there are also other , legal , issues . 
  by all standards the refugees , regardless of their qualifications , will be unskilled labor for next year or two . 
  which is absolutely fine . 
  fuck , i know polish people with university degrees and doctorates who did exactly that until they can adapt ( assuming they even can ) . 
  so yeah , i do expect the people with education and ambition to act like they have education and ambition . 
  to understand the situation they are in , because it 's not that hard to understand really . 
  the cars i never thought i 'm going to see in any kind of racing include ... yeah , dacia logan is definitely on the list . 
  i 'd rather be waterboarded i think ... 
   we do owe them asylum from war , in accordance with 1951 refugee convention , which builds on article 14 of the 1948 universal declaration of human rights . 
  i suggest you read articles 2 and 31 of 1951 convention before you cite it . 
  good job mate ... you 've put yet another mark on my already terrible opinion about norwegian sanity . 
  plus , it 's not that the fact they are men is something inherently bad . 
  personally in their situation i would not be such coward , i hope ( at least that 's the stance i have now ) . 
  however , the fact media goes way out of their way to go with `` frail women , children and elderly '' image , which - at least from the footage i 've seen - is wrong .
