  they live in turkish refugee camp , which is not place affected by war . 
  while moving from syria to turkey , lebanon , jordan is very much case of running from war , moving from said countries anywhere else is not . 
  in this case they 're moving in order to find work or have a better standard of living . 
  which coincidentally is definition of economic migration ...  syria is a mess and you ca n't live in a refugee camp forever . 
  the problem is , the second syria stops being a mess all those refugees - according to convention i mentioned - will have to get back to syria anyway ... unless we stop considering them refugees . 
   yeah , that 's what refugees do . 
  it 's kind of the whole point . 
   every refugee is also leaving for economic reasons . 
  also that 's actually the official definition by the un of a refugee and saying that they are n't real refugees is just an xenophobic/racist argument used so that people have a stupid excuse not to help them . 
  not at all ... again , 1951 refugee convention with 1967 protocol defines refugees very strictly . 
  look it up . 
  really , look it up . 
  or i 'll copy-paste it for you :  ( person ) owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it funny enough the fact there 's war going on somewhere is in no way a factor , nor is economical status . 
  it 's actually quite hard to find the bloody thing online it seems to , but here 's the text of convention and protocol : http://www.gdrc.org/doyourbit/refugee-convention.pdf that 's all quite interesting read , but i suggest you look at article 31 in particular . 
  well , thing is ` refugee ' is very specific term , so actually saying ` we will take all the refugees ' while adhering to 1951 refugee convention and 1967 protocol does n't apply even to most of syrian asylum-seekers . 
  the problem i see is some european governments ignoring their own laws and rights for god knows what reasons ... so it 's not the fact we 're saying ` we will take all refugees ' , it 's ` we 'll take all refugees and ignore our own laws in the process just because we feel like it ' . 
  i do n't want to go for ` slippery slope ' but i do n't like that precedent . 
  they came long way from the war zone , with quite a few peaceful countries in between offering shelter , did n't they ? 
  that 's the problem . 
  yes , they are refugees . 
  however , the reason why they are in eu in particular has little to do with running from war , and more with running towards what they perceive will be prosperity . 
  meaning they 're also economic migrants . 
  than some will start listening to those blaming their bad luck on western degeneration , radicalize and start beheading people on the streets . 
  personally , i 'd go with australian model ( `` you come here illegally ? 
  fine : here 's water , food and the door you will be forced through '' ) which i 'd combine with refugee centers on-site ( it 's not like entire syria is war zone , most of it yeah , but not 100 % ) and in neighboring countries ( jordan , lebanon , turkey , to some degree iraq - maybe israel if stars and planets align ... ) where refugees could be processed and moved to europe in humane conditions and at the pace europe is capable of handling them . 
  sure , there 's risk refugees would be put in bureaucratic hell and wait for years , but than again that 's europe for you and you might as well start getting used to that from start . 
  on the other hand , germany is showing remarkable willingness to accept refugees and force other eu members to do so ( which , again , i 'm fine with : i 'm very much pro-immigration and would welcome as many immigrants willing to assimilate into our society and work for it 's greatness as possible ) so i can see possibility for streamlining the process to the degree it would be less of a burden the current `` road to europe '' is ( and would have a nice effect of cutting revenue stream for organized crime that currently seems to deal with smuggling immigrants into europe ) . 
   are they above the law that 's my problem with the entire bloody debacle . 
  i 'm all for helping refugees , as many as there 's need to . 
  however the first act or acts those people do on our ( european ) soil is showing complete disregard for law . 
  first they enter the country illegally . 
  than they move from one country to another illegally . 
  meanwhile they break multiple laws . 
  that 's unacceptable . 
  we should make it clear anyone breaking the law will simply get thrown out : europe is first and foremost place of law and order . 
  that 's one of the main principle upon which our civilization is built . 
  instead we wave our hands saying `` oh , they do n't know !, 
  they 're uneducated !, 
  they 're running away ! '' . 
  those are excuses you would n't apply to own citizens , why do you apply it to them ? 
  more so , what the hell happened with `` ignorantia legis non excusat '' ? 
  they actually served both roles , as well as at times fought dismounted . 
  that 's what 's often overlooked about them : they fought such range of enemies they simply had to be versatile . 
  what worked against ottomans did n't necessarily work well against cossak uprising or german mercenaries . 
  and than swedish dreams of greatness ended with single battle . 
  winged hussars were not really ` heavy cavalry ' as you might think of now . 
  their armor was of extreme quality , but not that heavy : around 20 kg as far as i recall , while horses were not armored at all . 
  in reality polish hussars effectiveness was due to their discipline and coordination : they perfected charging in loose formation that tightened just before the impact . 
  that way they could engage units armed with firearms and other projectile weapons with relatively minor losses . 
  than the morale factor kicked in . 
  hussars were 100 % volunteer unit , made up of people who wanted to fight for commonwealth and could afford it . 
  you could kill them , but you could not break them . 
  the guns of time were essentially mini cannons . 
  since propellant and bullet itself were separate , once you ran out of bullets you could load it with virtually anything . 
  nails , rocks , wood chunks or as in this case : arrows ( or - i suspect - arrowheads ) . 
  well , if it 's so bad than they should happily move to portugal . 
  or romania . 
  or estonia . 
  not laugh at the very concept . 
  poor esti ca n't into glorious nordic refugee destination list . 
   they should n't be allowed to choose where to contact continue their lives yeah . 
  and really ? 
  they should n't . 
  and if they really want to , than their current situation ( read : being in refugee camp limbo ) is fine enough for them apparently , and they should wait until their ` chosen ' nation decides to accept them . 
  all that while entirety of local law is applied to them in all the severity , obviously . 
  not in relation to austria or czechoslovakia . 
  in both cases the annexation was pretty much peaceful ( although with threat of force ) , and even mostly accepted by international community . 
  just out of top of my head : austria , czechoslovakia ( both by nazi germany ) , tibet ( prc ) , goa ( india ) in 20th century . 
  in both goa and tibet there were some casualties though , so only logical conclusion is saying russia is as skillful in annexation as nazis ? 
  or brazil annexing portugal . 
  or just ignore forbes . 
  i 'm yet to see a site that 's so unique i ca n't find the alternative providing same content , and not bothering me with ad-block-block . 
  the only ones i actively do unblock are the ones providing good content while not bombarding me with bullshit . 
  depends ... are we going with moltke the elder , or moltke the younger ? 
  the category in question is social capital . 
  apparently you do n't trust each other , do n't do a lot of volunteering , do n't donate stuff , have negative attitude towards social support , do n't marry each other and do n't engage in organized religion . 
  i 'm not familiar with either of the societies you mentioned intimately , but i 'd not be surprised if atheist character of czech republic tanked their rating in marriage/religion categories . 
  croatia might have the trust issues given the history of the region . 
  hungary is a social mess right now , so again : not a surprise really . 
  yup . 
  title is garbage ... as most tiles are to be honest . 
  http://media.prosperity.com/2013/pdf/publications/methodology_2013_finalweb.pdf there 's literally that question posted there as one of the sub-sections . 
  tl/dr : since us spends a lot on healthcare it creates anomaly . 
  changing the methodology that 's otherwise mostly accurate , and does n't have more viable substitute , just because one country is ranked too high is not really good idea . 
  hence : us ranks a lot higher than it should ( which they admit ) . 
  methodology : http://media.prosperity.com/2013/pdf/publications/methodology_2013_finalweb.pdf it 's a lot more than just actual personal safety . 
  poland is 27th . 
  that 's because the `` security '' is more than just actual safety ( which is what oecd report was about ) . 
  it accounts political stability , freedom of expression , group grievances and so on . 
  that 's why both poland and japan score lower on the list , despite being very safe countries otherwise . 
  the methodology is described above ( technically for 2013 , although they state methodology did n't change for 2015 report ) : http://media.prosperity.com/2013/pdf/publications/methodology_2013_finalweb.pdf, 
   belgians are all cruel psychopaths , we 're just hiding it . 
  after your 1885-1960 african vacation we all know . 
  also , randomly turn away some of the us citizens at the border . 
  you know , for security ^ tm, 
  in this sense i agree , it 's symptom of something potentially escalating into even more heated conflict . 
  i do n't agree this should be looked at something normal , and should not be tolerated in any way in first world country , but rather dealt with swiftly and decisively . 
  those who support more strict laws will talk about it more freely . 
  i doubt it will go through , but it 's not as clear cut as some suggest here . 
  you 're really using northern ireland as example ?
