  i 've listened to juncker 's proposal . 
  the issue i have is there 's very specific quota system tied to vague promise of control : both internal and external . 
  and we should be ashamed we did n't react faster . 
  that 's separate issue though - one that 's not being addressed by the way . 
  nation should not be guilt-tripped to compromise it 's own security and law , which is exactly what 's happening now . 
  do n't know about op , but my positive view of schengen changed slightly when i realized i depend on politician elected by hungarians to not give in to pressure from a politician elected by germans , or otherwise virtually anybody of vaguely middle-eastern ethnicity can get to door of my house . 
  while it 's absurdly remote possibility , the issue of sharing borders while not sharing control over said borders is a bit unsettling . 
  it 's lack of control , and willingness to control , that gets me . 
  their model works significantly better than ours , and does n't compromise core values any civilized country should follow , like respecting own law . 
  it 's not the most elegant way of doing it , but the illegal immigration has to be stopped . 
  we should offer refuge to those who need it , there 's plenty of them not storming our borders by force . 
   does nato want to be sinking ships in the channel between them ? 
  i do n't think they 'll want to touch this one . 
  turkey and greece are known to fire upon each other from time to time ... 
  it 's just a question of graduating from planes shooting down planes to ships sinking ships . 
   what plan ? 
  do you mean the building a fence plan ? 
  the asylum-seekers/economic migrants plan of getting into eu . 
  sorry , should have made it clearer , i 'm extremely tired . 
   so the only refugees europe really have to take are libyans . 
  technically speaking the case can be made for any country with access to sea accepting asylum-seekers from any other country with said access , if you stretch it enough . 
  that 's why hungary 's case is so funny : they are landlocked and there 's literally no way anyone entering it fulfills the article 31 criteria of acceptable illegal entry . 
  equally funny are afghan asylum-seekers magically appearing in , say , germany . 
  there 's can , and there 's `` can '' . 
  theoretically speaking if they entered country illegally from ` third country ' that 's safe , they are not protected by 1951 convention and a country they enter treat them as any other person that enters it illegally . 
  what that treatment is depends on a country , usually it 's deportation and being banned from entering that country ( and by extension and schengen zone ) in the future . 
  it does n't matter if they asked for asylum or not in this case . 
  if they simply do n't ask for asylum , than it does n't matter if they entered the country legally or illegally : they have to leave if there 's no legal grounds to stay . 
  the problem is the ` leaving ' part . 
  to get deported , the country you are being deported to has to accept you . 
  so , again taking the hungary as example , they ca n't just drop them off at the border and point towards serbia . 
  serbia has to take them in , which they simply do n't want to . 
  that 's why the plan is foolproof . 
  and that 's why hungary is actually in process of employing military to guard their borders ( since police that normally does it simply lacks resources to adequately do so ) , and prevent the entry in first place . 
  they are also going to punish illegal border crossing with up to 3 years in prison . 
  isis crimes are not on different level in terms of quality ( maybe exception being destruction of unesco heritage sites ... ) , they might be when it comes to quantity . 
  but than again the media narrative usually ignores other parties in the region and goes with `` assad and isis are literally hitler , kurds and ` democratic resistance ' literally allies '' . 
  i do n't understand why people ca n't see the difference between immigration and illegal immigration . 
  i 'm all for fucking immigration . 
  i want it to be easier , faster , more accessible and inclusive . 
  i welcome all the people willing to uphold certain standards and work for themselves in europe permanently . 
  i 'm willing to shelter those who are not going to integrate and contribute to society in humane , clean and safe environment until the situation that crated the problem resolves . 
  the issue is ` illegal ' part . 
  do n't like it ? 
  change the fucking law , it 's not set in stone . 
  by ignoring the issue you 're destroying the only thing that makes the law work in the first place : the inevitability of punishment . 
  you 're creating double standards where your own citizens , people who are born here , live here , pay taxes here , and whose families for generations worked to created ( or destroy in some cases ... it 's not like we 're all perfect ) european society , are the ` second rate citizens ' since they ca n't enjoy same privileges , and are actually facing consequences for breaking various laws immigrants are n't . 
   i also remember reading a decently explanatory reason for all this ; something simple along the lines of the letter reading `` we mostly just want to be considerate of the refugees , some of which have only ever experienced women in full hijabs , so please do n't wear very short skirts '' . 
  and that 's , in your opinion , decent explanation ? 
  i seriously doubt it 's even considered . 
  relatively , yes . 
  but than again germany is spearheading the effort to force said immigrants on countries with high unemployment under guise of ` solidarity ' , does n't really want all of them for themselves . 
  frankly , if germany would just want them all for themselves it would not be an issue entire eu is fuming about . 
  funny you mention that when most european states face record-high unemployment rates , especially in `` under-25 '' category refugees would directly compete with . 
  i would think especially spain needs a bit more of that so it can collapse completely . 
  it does n't really . 
  fsa is as close to isis as you can get . 
  kidnapping , murders , rapes , child soldiers , bombing of hospitals - the lot . 
  the only real difference is motivation . 
  surely , we ca n't trust people with information that not every immigrant is model citizen . 
  there are scumbags like in every society , but that would mean someone might suggest basic control and application of a law . 
  we ca n't have it !, 
  the main issue is suggesting the enforcement of law is met with violent opposition from ` progressive ' media and people . 
  hell , i was called an idiot in other thread couple times because i dared to say law should be followed . 
  people think the immigrants are literally crossing the border under mortar fire and should be let through , so they can suddenly exhibit good will they did n't last 5 times they crossed international borders . 
  hell with suicide bomber . 
  at some point those people will start running out of resources , and resort to regular crime . 
  funny you 're saying it since it 's up to asylum-seeker to get himself registered . 
  if he does n't want to , than you have to deal with him as anyone else illegally entering your country ... which media and ` society ' apparently violently opposes because reasons . 
  after they cross the schengen border it 's really hard to do anything . 
  hence , why hungary is trying it 's best and being bashed for very thing you 're asking now . 
  which is terrifying ... 
  last winter was relatively tame , but 2 or 3 years prior ( oh memory ... ) it got below -30 c in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a proper during nights . 
  so yeah , it cam happen in large cities too . 
  than again it might be relatively warm and damp , which is even worse . 
  nah , russians will simply give them aks and drop them back to syria . 
  or more adept at exploiting others , with criminal connections , corrupt ... 
  frankly , i do n't think this kind of natural selection is valid . 
  let 's wait for 2015 data to come in with that conclusion , 
  that 's roughly equivalent to 1-month influx into eu at current pace , still far , far from ` huge chunk ' . 
   huge chunk of syrian asylum seekers have actually come to europe under a unhcr resettlement program huge chunk ? 
  http://www.unhcr.org/pages/4a16b1676.html  by nationality , the main beneficiaries of unhcr-facilitated resettlement programmes were refugees from syrian arab republic ( 21,154 ) , the democratic republic of the congo ( 18,828 ) , myanmar ( 15,170 ) and iraq ( 11,778 ) . 
  i 'd go as far as saying they 're very likely to be in one of the countries you mention , as was said asylum-seeker . 
  except he 's right . 
  if you can retain the bribes , than bribes are rewarding without that much of a risk - you simply have to ` steal ' enough before they catch you . 
  sort of yeah ... the issue is international currency market . 
   ppp https://www.wikiwand.com/en/purchasing_power_parity, 
  we 're ahead in ppp adjusted gdp per capita though . 
  because poland is significantly bigger , so the foreign investment after joining eu did n't impact it as severely per capita . 
  latvia went with high risk loan strategy that effectively made them bankrupt when crisis hit . 
  but apparently ` safe and steady ' is not rewarded , while ` risky and swift ' is not so risky when imf will bail you out anyway . 
  germany , of any european nations , is the one spearheading the initiative rewarding disregard for law - both international and own - in the name of populist ideas ... 
   north stream already exists since 2011 . 
  yup . 
  and i remember vividly the analysis pointing out it 's existence will threaten security of eastern european states - both within and outside of eu . 
  which was dismissed as absurd , because we live in a world of peace and order . 
  right ? 
  they can be both to be honest . 
  the initial motivation for some or most was getting the hell away from country ruled on one side by brutal dictatorship , and on the other : torn by civil war with more factions fighting each other you can count . 
  however , the second they got to safety of neighboring countries and decided to look for better life elsewhere their motivation was no longer fear for their safety - so they became economic migrants .
