  well , they had pu for more than 50 years so they should have integrated ... ( i 'll show myself off back to / r/eu4 ), 
  only for someone thinking everything has to be black or white . 
  we gained position in eu in last years . 
  we 're still far from ` big players ' , sure , but we 're not literally irrelevant as we were last time pis was in power . 
  eu invested a lot in poland as well . 
  maybe because we 're not living in 2008 anymore , nor 1990 . 
  polish democracy has to grow . 
  poland became a bit more of a player in eu than we were 8 years ago too . 
  at some point someone has to say it 's unacceptable . 
  plus , the ` slightly ' is real understating it . 
  it really is . 
  stick your head out of polish mentality and you 'll get it . 
  the issue is , we 're so used to that by now it 's to be expected . 
  they did n't go as far as pis , nor even pis went as far as they 're going now last time they were in power . 
  i knew people who worked in ministries for decades , and are essentially specialist in their small fields . 
  now they are replaced by political patsies . 
  on surface it might look like ` regular ' bullshit , but it really is n't . 
  yup . 
  i agree . 
  which is why i do n't think ` everybody else did it ' is a valid argument . 
  straight shots . 
  you do n't want to hydrate too much , it might be hard to climb out of the car and back in . 
  just say you want them to take a shower . 
   unfortunate row of events sparked by the disellected party po sure . 
  po ` sparked ' events , small fire . 
  pis just got a tanker-worth of gasoline and poured it all over . 
   so they think they can do everything and are doing that . 
  because they can . 
  they can not be removed until next election in any legal way . 
  ... you know cba started being effective in recent years , right ? 
  as in : after pis-appointed leadership was kicked out ? ... 
  poland is conservative in may respects . 
  some of the internal putin politics are viewed relatively positive by some , like stance against homosexuality . 
  nope . 
  it 's not , not in ` big boys ' club ... that said , serbia ca n't into airplanes let alone space , metaphorically speaking . 
  ah , good old `` serbia is relevant ! '', 
  delusion . 
  in that sense likely came from the predecessor of russia - grand duchy of moscow . 
  high tatras are mostly in slovakia , and a bit in poland . 
  it happens when you have long history of multi-cultural society , external influences ( including partitions ) and other stuff . 
  that 's part of the reason why i 'm getting red hot pissed when someone goes with `` white people are '' stereotypes . 
  btw , do n't worry . 
  anytime i try to say anything that does n't make upa literally hitler i 'm nazi communist ( yup , literally was called that once ) . 
  to be fair , i 'm not saying upa/oun-b were great people . 
  from polish perspective especially it 's hard . 
  from ukrainian , i can understand why they are viewed in mostly positive manner ... 
  it 's just a bit too recent history for people to talk about it honestly , and with current climate in ukraine you kind of need some sort of source of nationalist pride and identity . 
  as far as my opinion go is it 's simply better to let it all slide for now until you get your shit together . 
  ... and all those syrians made it through half of the fucking europe to germany just because they did n't feel particularly safe in countries they passed through ? 
  let 's stop pretending here . 
  refugee status is one thing : status . 
  it 's only a way to legally enter and remain within country , as well as receive certain benefits both while application is process , and afterwards during integration . 
  it does n't preclude other motivations that made said people get from syria , afghanistan or iraq to sweden or germany . 
  like desire to receive social support and - in long run - work and live in those countries , and became citizens . 
  the reason why ukrainians are not using said status to get to poland is because they simply ca n't get it . 
  they are not eligible thanks to this :  is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; article 1-a-2 ) of [ convention and protocol relating to the status of refugees ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html ) for exactly the same reason any immigrant from countries like iraq or afghanistan should not be eligible : the displacement within the country is preferential to that outside of the country . 
  if the state of your nationality still can and is willing to protect you , that 's where you go . 
  unless that country is ruled by regime known for persecuting own citizens ... like syria . 
  they still however are subject to rest of the convention which i suggest you read yourself , it 's not long and fairly easy to understand . 
  yes , because poland actually adheres to convention and protocol relating to status of refugees , and rejects pretty much all ukrainian asylum applications . 
  that 's opposed to germany , which ignores certain ` small ' details of convention ( which i suggest you read , it 's not long text ) . 
  honestly , calling upa `` nazi '' makes them look like some sort of nazi germany puppets ( which they really never were , they used the events surrounding ww2 in opportunistic manner ) . 
  they had their own brand of fascist ideology comparable to that of hitler 's or mussolini in many ways , but they were not entirely like them ( does n't mean they were much better ... ) . 
  just to make it clear : i 'm not trying to make them sound any better . 
  it 's just a bit more complicated than what is typically presented on the topic . 
  i 'd say recognizable , not necessarily popular . 
  i expected `` world cup '' footballer be some obscure substitute guy . 
  not iaquinta ... 
  i warmed up to the concept after nearly rear-ending idiot going at 100 kph on right lane of motorway in poland running on daylight leds ( which means his rear lights were not lit , and front were barely visible from the rear ) ... at 3 am . 
  at least you did n't lose all those lands to ottomans as is your tradition ;  ( plzdontsendassasins ), 
  the difference is you included unions , for example luxembourg or brandenburg were never actually part of kingdom of bohemia as such , just ruled by the same people . 
  in this case - if i see it correctly - charles iv , holy roman emperor . 
  all of the lands mentioned above , and some more , were actually incorporated into polish administration at one point or another though . 
  some shorter ( silesia ... ) , some longer ( danzig/gda \u0144sk ) . 
  so there 's a bit more legitimacy in making the claim of adding those into ` polish state ' borders  . 
  ( that said , all the land in europe is disputed in one way or another , and we 're just joking around here - please do n't take it too seriously ), 
  each of those were polish at some point , so ... sure , you need to dig 1000 years back , 
  trianon best treaty, 
  sure , it 's not unreasonable . 
  however , if his position outside of refugee status is really that bad he 's viable asylum-seeker in first place , he should simply endure it . 
  it 's not finnish role to make him happy , just safe . 
  happiness and safety of finns should be finnish priority , hence he needs to wait . 
  yup ... also , in the end , in ` war situation ' f-22 is not supposed to engage in dogfighting at all . 
  it 's the aircraft built for roe `` it 's red , it 's dead '' . 
  that said , thrust vectoring is still kinda neat , especially 3d variants su have . 
   you know that he is unskilled ? 
  it does n't matter what are his previous qualification . 
  his engineering degree is virtually worthless in europe . 
  he does n't know language . 
  he does n't know local law . 
  until his qualifications are nostrificated , he 's unskilled . 
  and it 's likely to be very hard nostrification process given all the war and stuff going on where he comes from . 
  `` highly skilled refugees '' ar myth not because they did n't have education , but because having the education does n't make it usable without lengthy process . 
   there is such a thing as unskilled jobs in europe . 
  ... and there are unskilled europeans who require a lot less resources to adapt them to said jobs . 
   no country in the world expects immigrants to know the basics of law and customs of the country they immigrate to within 3 months of entry , and no country spends 3 months checking the background of its immigrants . 
  those are ridiculous standards . 
  he 's not immigrant . 
  he 's a refugee . 
  his background is dubious and unclear in best of circumstances .
