  now , the only question is : why ? 
  invasion with intentions of occupation is not really beneficial for russia . 
  however , military intervention with economical or political gain , installing puppet government , or simply completely obliterating eu as credible institution is not completely out of the question . 
  especially since given swedish military situation they 'd be absurdly easy prey . 
   poland 9 62.95 very high proficiency -1.31 1 how low are the standards ? ... 
  first thing ? 
  i think i now understand why far-left progressives batter this ` rape culture ' bullshit . 
  they live in it . 
  they accept it . 
  they propagate it . 
  for fucks sake . 
  law is fucking law . 
  if following law sadly plays to the narrative making some ethnic , religious or national group look bad , than maybe , just maybe there is problem with that group . 
  what , you ca n't purse polish thieves in germany because it plays into stereotype ? 
  jews are now free to commit any white-collar crimes ? 
  you know what the fun part here ? 
  one stereotype was right , another : wrong . 
  it does n't mean neither should be fucking excuse . 
  frankly , i had very low opinion of sweden and swedes up until now . 
  this only adds another drop to bathtub worth of bullshit that oozes from that country . 
  if that 's going to be european union i 'm supposed to live in , i think i might just opt out . 
  even in big cities it 's unlikely you 're going to see a black person every day or even week . 
  our society is pretty much 99 % white ( mostly polish , but also belorussian and ukrainian ) . 
  the biggest minority we 've got as far as ` people of color ' goes are vietnamese . 
  obviously we 're aware of other races . 
  however , in small cities and especially villages it 's quite likely most of the population never seen black person outside of tv . 
  hence , i 'd not be surprised at all if they stared a bit . 
  well , they ratified protocol with geographical limitations ( which would exclude syrians from being subject to convention ) . 
  however , article 31 is not limited by that as applied by countries that did n't . 
  the relevant part reads : '' coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , '' article 1 defines such threat as : `` wellfounded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion '' ... which honestly does n't apply to turkey . 
  they still grant residence permits to syrians , and very few moving through turkey can claim the article 1 applies to them ( exceptions being , obviously , there ) . 
  i 'd love to see the source of your interpretation . 
  than you 're right . 
  however , asylum-seekers are obliged to apply for refugee status in first safe country they crossed into . 
  unless they arrived by plane , they pretty much ignored the parts of convention they do n't like . 
  only case i could think of there even could be such thing as ` country of transit ' is when said country is not ` safe ' for refugee . 
  inconvenienced ? 
  your government has to fund the entire system that would need to support said refugees . 
  that 's why it 's called a crisis here in europe . 
  there are very high costs associated with this phenomenon . 
  you need manpower to handle it . 
  you need to strengthen your security apparatus . 
  you need infrastructure . 
  all that costs , and those costs are - obviously - paid by australian residents through increased taxation . 
  now , the most commonly used argument is that ` migration is good for economy ' which is absolutely true : organized , systematized migration is good for economy . 
  illegal , uncontrolled immigration is n't . 
  still , australia is relatively wealthy nation . 
  if you want , you can take all the migrants in the world . 
  for smaller economies it would not be ` inconvenience ' , but rather significant hit . 
  as for the fate of refugees ... 
  i really do n't care . 
  they made informed decision - it 's not like australian policies are secret . 
  if you really care for the children , you should be pissed at their stupid parents that did put them in said situation . 
  australia is not the only country in the world , or even in the region . 
  nor is eu the only ` country ' people can migrate to . 
  hell , there are even legal means to do so . 
  they chose not to do so , they chose to essentially ` skip the queue ' and put us in awkward situation , abuse our sentiments and morals for own gain . 
  and now , instead of actually discussion what to do with refugee camps in , say , turkey or lebanon , we 're discussion how the fuck should we deal with those who forced themselves into our custody . 
  it 's not good for whom ? 
  for refugees ? 
  sure it is n't . 
  for australia ? 
  debatable , although afaik there 's no shortage of migrants in your case . 
  the thing is , government 's first and by far the most important priority is securing the well being of own citizens . 
  if you can give me any reason why australia and australians suffer from said policy , i 'd be glad . 
  by illegally entering a country , avoiding law enforcement and ignoring the law itself , they impair ability of the state to secure human rights of the people living in said state . 
  by supporting crime ( which facilitated their illegal entry in exchange of money ) they undermine the security of other people . 
  people ca n't support the idea they do n't know about . 
  the ` masses ' wo n't rally behind such abstract cause without media pressure unless said cause will directly impact their lives ( and then it might be too late ) . 
  read the universal declaration of human rights , and than read article 30 again . 
  maybe you 'll understand the people violating human rights in this case would be ... refugees . 
  if they boarded boat in syria and did n't enter any nation for one reason or another yup . 
  it 's usually not the case though : they pass through multiple countries that should grant them refugee status , but avoid doing so because that would mean they could n't get it in country of choice . 
  refugee status is granted by country of destination . 
  by definition country of origin is one which is unwilling or unable to provide safety for asylum seeker . 
  i too wish we lived in perfect world . 
   refugees  remaining travelled on does not compute . 
  no , really , it does n't . 
  either you call them refugees , assume germany is not a safe country and grant them asylum . 
  or you assume they are not refugees , treat them as any other illegal migrants . 
  so what do you want to do with those that enter illegally ? 
  the only way is simply move them where they came from originally . 
  so syria , afghanistan and so on . 
  no country they crossed ` in the meantime ' will want them . 
  that 's however ` unacceptable ' and ` barbaric ' , and would likely result in absurd media pressure . 
  they could have policed their borders completely . 
  the issue is not insufficient policing , it 's social pressure to let those people in , and not harm them . 
  how exactly do you want to stop ` boat people ' , or mobs storming the borders ? 
  by politely asking them to sod off ? 
  seriously , let 's be real : it 's impossible unless you think shooting them is acceptable . 
  what we should do is strictly adhere to convention , and stop the ` safe country ' debacle . 
  yup ... 
  i 'm all for taking refugees , even more than current quotas suggest we should take . 
  however , i 'm strongly against uncontrolled immigration as seen here . 
  as far as i 'm concerned anybody crossing border illegally into eu ( with the exceptions lined up by convention ) should get australian treatment : boot out and permanent , lifetime ban from entering the eu . 
  heh , i wish i could say that . 
  it was 13c week ago . 
  now it 's -19 c outside . 
  and if you look at history it was mostly because it was in other `` great powers '' interest to maintain such thorn in spain 's side . 
  plus , portugal had quite large overseas possessions .
