  obviously , ruining uk is not in eu 's long term interest . 
  however , containing uk , limiting their soft power and moving certain economic interests out of uk hands is . 
  i 'd go as far as saying existence of eu relies on that - uk is direct competition to eu , and in many ways it 's simply a threat . 
  there 's a lot more to that , but the most basic part of the entire affair is : uk is from now on any other country and should be treated as such with all the consequences . 
  there is no room for any ` good faith ' here as far as i 'm concerned . 
   furthermore , waszczykowski attacks co2 limits saying he does n't want a `` backwards country with clean air '' . 
  i mean , he obviously does n't even understand climate issues ( like most of this government ) , total ignorance there . 
   tbh in this case , and frankly only in this case , he has some point , at least in very short term . 
  problem is co2 limits are benefiting rich at cost of ` poor ' right now . 
  solar and wind are far from viable as main power supply ( those are fine in supplemental role ) , and we do n't have any nuclear . 
  only viable option is hydro , but that 's again with plethora of problems . 
  strictly adhering to co2 limits would indeed wreck polish economy . 
  than again , we did n't cull the coal industry years ago . 
  instead we caved to demands of miners , subsidizing coal industry rather than developing one of the two viable alternatives ( hydro and/or nuclear ) . 
  pis is one of the main forces guilty of that backwardness given their connections with solidarity . 
  actually , even according to waszczykowski ( at least for germany ) it 's net loss : 0.8 euro for every 1 euro . 
  he does bend facts quite a bit . 
  the `` eighty cents of each euro that comes from brussels flows back to the west . '', 
  comes from the johannes hahn claim from 2012 . 
  it actually applied only to germany , and does n't really consider money said companies actually invest in poland - only initial trickle-back . 
  if said company invested all of that money back into employing people in poland , expanding polish industry , it does n't matter ( according to waszczykowski  ) . 
  obviously germany , and eu at large , funding poland is not out of goodness of heart , but rather investment , still it 's a bit dishonest statement . 
  other issue is , polish companies could potentially benefit at lot more . 
  however , pland happens to have quite severely anti-business laws . 
  it makes it especially hard for medium-sized companies . 
  huge corporations can circumvent it by striking special deals with government . 
  german corporations are happily doing so , pis signed special deal with mercedes last october for example . 
  he 's so incompetent even trump would n't hire him . 
  you 're not pessimistic . 
  that 's exactly what pis will do - german oppression blah blah blah . 
  the bright side is majority of nation wo n't bite . 
  it also happens to be the part of the nation that was too lazy to actually vote last time around ( and most other times ) , and will remain dormant up to the point when it might be too late . 
  that 's unless you actually hit them hard enough they feel something is not right . 
   wht the fuck happened ? 
  wealth did n't equalize quickly enough . 
  `` west '' was , and still is , a lot richer than poland . 
  obviously , it 's impossible to make warsaw into paris or berlin overnight but it 's easy to make some people believe so ( and frankly the west was far from selfless in that integration process , to some degree festering inequality and using poland as a source of cheap labor , and going directly against polish interests couple times for economical gains , siding itself with russia among others ) . 
  that 's one group of people : the ` lower poor ' ( a bit unfair but lets stick with that ) . 
  second thing is immigration - while there was never any serious threat of massive wave of arabs crashing into poland , the threat alone coupled with extremely monocultural nature of polish society and some nationalistic sentiments that got traction after communism fall gives you another group of supporters . 
  that 's partially tied to very conservative and powerful polish catholic church which has its own political agenda here , and is directly threatened by western progressive ideologies . 
  all that , combined with extremely complacent and stale ruling elites , made it possible for pis and company gain power . 
  and only think they do care about is remaining in power , even if it means poland is going to be pariah of europe . 
  the easiest way to galvanize internal support is to present common enemy . 
  russia and germany being nice boogeymen ( and with germany entire eu ) . 
  what can you do about it ? 
  in the end economy will always win . 
  poland is incapable of supporting itself with current lifestyle if eu will cut their support . 
  sure , people who voted for pis will cry it 's eu encroaching on rights of sovereign state . 
  however , the only way we can get back on track is for the people who ` do n't care ' either way to feel they should care . 
  in other words , people who do n't give a fuck about voting have to be encouraged to vote . 
  only thing that will make them do so is when they feel their life is negatively affected by pis , as it happened last time . 
  people who voted for pis will by large still vote for pis even if there 's rationing and tanks on the streets . 
  only hope is to increase voters turnout ( assuming we 'll even have next election which nobody can be sure of anymore ... ) . 
   is there still that much antipathy/mistrust among poles towards germany or germans for this to genuinely matter ? 
  within the group of people that voted for pis in first place , and supported their rise to power ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's a part purely aimed at galvanizing support within own circle , and prelude to reelection campaign under the banner of `` we wanted to do stuff , but that damn german tusk was doing everything to stop us '' . 
  essentially insurance against any potential failure . 
  it 's actually fairly interesting topic . 
  around 200,000-300 ,000 jews lived in poland shortly after war . 
  significant portion of that left in following years , those that remained however were fairly active in molding poland into communist country . 
  that included several high-ranking communist officials , as well as prominent people in security apparatus ( secret police and likes ) . 
  as a result popular opinion of jews in 50s was quite bad , especially after destalinization efforts brought several of said communist official of jewish ancestry before courts . 
  relatively more liberal attitude also allowed for those who chose to do so , to leave the country . 
  after six-day war antisemitism became de-facto policy of communist government triggering yet another jewish exodus . 
  than after 1989 the economical factors and ever-welcoming attitude towards jewish immigration israel has took its toll as well . 
  so , nowadays we have very small openly jewish population . 
  there 's quite a bit more people of jewish ancestry whose parents rejected jewish culture and religion for the fear of discrimination and persecution , usually adopting polish culture completely down to changing names and surnames . 
  remove usa from nato side and suddenly it does n't look even close to uneven , especially when you consider how much overhead nato has due to its structure . 
   travel visa what kind of visa . 
  because that starts to be an issue . 
  and while tourist visas are usually easy to attain , all kinds of work visas are not . 
  plus residency and other issues that arise from that are pita even now . 
  but completely fine with death squads . 
  she criticized system , not the means used to achieve it . 
  well , if you advocate for violent revolution it kinda happens naturally . 
  it 's possible to pay the minimum fee . 
  rules vary , since it 's not centrally governed . 
  in most cities for example , if you own a house , you have to have a bin . 
  but you can get the smallest one possible for minimal fee , or the one that 's actually sufficient for your needs that 's 10 times more expensive . 
  garbage collectors refuse to collect anything that 's outside of the bin , or even if bin is over its capacity . 
  what you refer to is accurate in some cases - for example big apartment houses - but even in certain private tenement housing the style where you actually do pay depending on how much trash you generate can be seen . 
  it is more expensive than not paying anything . 
  nothing will ... police will come , say they ca n't locate who actually burns trash , and call it a day . 
  because you actually called the police , all your neighbors will now know ... and there 's a lot they can do to make your life fucking miserable . 
  if anything , it will fuck you up more than anyone else . 
  couple nice scars on my car taught me not to mess with people . 
  also , it 's not just heating . 
  the trash-burning is directly related to other problem : waste disposal is fucking expensive . 
  given you wo n't get fined that often , it really is cheaper to just burn it even in the middle of summer ( although than it 's a lot more likely you 'll get caught ) . 
  he was stabbed several times . 
  it 's likely he was severely injured in initial stabbing ( which is a lot more covert than shooting ... ) , put in passenger seat ( because it 's more risky to get rid of the body than just put it in elevated position behind the glass etc. 
  where it 's hard to see details ) . 
  maybe he lost consciousness , and attacker thought he was dead . 
  than , after he made the move against attacker during the rampage itself he was shot . 
  that 's just my theory based on what we know , but it seems to be the most plausible . 
  actually , it can be used whenever : russia did n't ratify protocol 6 of echr , just signed it . 
  which means technically nothing , other than diplomacy and all that good will thing , stops them from executing people . 
  actually , you can . 
  look : russia .
