  there 's ~ 1400 tonnes of tnt in that ship ... which makes it very easy , actually : it 's ` equivalent ' ( as in literally ) 1.4 kt of tnt . 
  the smallest nuclear bomb had power equivalent of 10 tonnes of tnt . 
  tactical nuclear weapons have the yield starting from roughly 0.3 kt of tnt , and generally around 1-2 kt of tnt . 
  so yeah , it 's equivalent of tactical nuclear warhead . 
  baltic countries have extremely small pool of people to draw talent from , and only country with similar problem that did qualify is iceland . 
   ... an ethnic group , yes , but not its citizens in general . 
  citizenship was fluid . 
  people displaced in the wars did n't necessarily return to the same place , however there was a state , formerly part of yugoslavia , that could take them after hostilities in ( or rather : between ) each state ceased . 
  that was actually significant issue after each war ended : legal status of former yugoslavian citizens after the dissolution was not easy to determine . 
   being a dissident is the opposite of keeping your mouth shut . 
  it does n't matter . 
  if my political opinion can result in my persecution ( which in turn threatens my life and freedom ) , i 'm entitled to keep the refugee status . 
  `` keeping your mouth shut '' has literally no impact on anything . 
   wat war crimes in yugoslav wars were mostly ethnic in nature . 
  think serbs killing croats , croats killing serbs . 
  not croats killing croats . 
  or , as in srebrenica , mix of ethnic and religious issues ( but still : serbs killing bosniaks ) . 
  the result of the war was establishing states : croatia , slovenia , serbia , macedonia , bosnia and herzegovina , montenegro and recently kosovo . 
  each state was safe for  if you 're chinese you wo n't get asylum here in the usual case even though that place is a dictatorship . 
  explains 200 000 chinese refugees currently recognized as such . 
   safe country of origin '' does n't mean `` western standards '' , it means `` you can live a safe life there '' . 
  to be precise :  no contracting state shall expel or return ( '' refouler '' ) a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion . 
  in other words , if life or freedom of a refugee is threatened on account of his membership to particular social group or political opinion , he can not be expelled . 
  given the nature of assad regime , assuming nothing changes in that regard , that will apply to vast majority of syrians . 
  and no , `` keeping mouth shut '' is not valid approach when `` not keeping your mouth shut '' results in torture , imprisonment and potential execution . 
  taking your own example : see chinese dissidents . 
   getting back to yugoslavia again : we sent young people who spent their whole school lives here back . 
  forcibly . 
  yes ... because it 's hard to argue serbia is not safe for serbs and so on . 
  that 's why there were legal grounds to do that . 
  if the outcome of the war was different , let 's say bosnia did n't maintain it 's independence and was under serbian rule , and milosevic & co. remained in power , you would not be able to expel any bosniaks . 
  similarly , if assad remains in power , vast majority of syrian refugees will be able to claim it 's unsafe for them to return ( due to ethnicity and political opinion ) . 
  some will return regardless , but that 's the point : if they already settled , and have an option to stay , the longer they stay they less likely they 're going to move back under own volition . 
   as far as i know , theres a lot of polish people working in sweden in construction without any language skills nor higher education , how hard is it to hit something with a hammer ? 
  no , poles working in sweden are mostly seasonal laborers . 
  that 's the major difference . 
  sure , syrians can do that too but they wo n't be able to support themselves in sweden all-year-round that way . 
   to an interview ? 
  yes . 
  i can sort out obvious fakes in under five minutes , and assess coding chops accurately in thirty . 
  if you say so . 
  i 'm yet to hear about such hiring process , but hey - ymmv . 
   no , it wo n't . 
  have a look at how long it took for the yugoslavian refugees to return to then already not yugoslavia . 
  the comparison is completely absurd . 
  there 's no parallels between dissolution of yugoslavia and current conflict in syria . 
  the key here is dissolution : yugoslavia was federation , with each member-state maintaining certain degree of autonomy . 
  each member state mostly did n't commit crimes against own citizens either . 
  wars were fought between countries declaring independence , not within country . 
  there were distinct , safe entities for refugees to get back to . 
  syria on the other hand is not going to be safe even after the conflict ends , at least the way it currently goes . 
  assuming assad regime wins ( and that 's the most likely outcome right now ) , the government of syria will still be responsible for crimes against humanity . 
  it will not be possible to qualify it as ` safe ' for any western nation , and as such : it will be impossible to forcefully ` get rid ' of the refugees . 
  sure , some portion of refugees will opt to get back anyway . 
  it 's unlikely those already in eu will do so , even though they do declare that now . 
  the longer they are here , the better situation we put them in ( read : job , language etc. 
  ) , the less likely it is . 
   all they care about is that you can code , not how you learned it . 
  ... yes ... 
  but they still want to know you can code . 
  you ca n't just barge into office , say `` i can code '' and get going . 
  the process of vetting potential employee takes time even if you have clear legal status and references from previous employers . 
  hiring someone on face value is always a risk , and state will have to subsidize such risk for companies to take it , or mitigate it through other means ( courses , exams etc. 
  designed to verify qualifications ) . 
  even than you only made those people remotely competitive , not guaranteed the employment . 
   getting an education will help them a lot in syria once the country becomes livable , again . 
  it 's also going to do wonders to syria . 
  first of all , there 's very slim chance any of those people will ever go back to syria . 
  even assuming the conflict ends tomorrow , it will take decades for the country to achieve the ` safe ' status in the eyes of western countries ( assuming it will ever get one ) . 
  than there 's issue of market for qualified labour : again , first people to have future in syria wo n't be the ones with higher education . 
  it will take another couple decades for the job market to stabilize into something remotely resembling that of netherlands , sweden or even pre-war syria . 
  sure it is n't free of engineers . 
  however , you need to prove you 're engineer to be treated as such . 
  i 'm not denying there 's quite a lot of highly educated syrians ( and other nationalities ) in that group . 
  the issue is verification . 
  if i wanted to work in sweden , everything in my cv is verifiable . 
  it 's hard to verify something however , when the institutions and companies previously employing your prospective employee got blown up . 
  things like simple references are a problem . 
  that 's main issue . 
  sure , programmer does n't need explicit education as long as he actually has knowledge . 
  however , no company will employ a programmer without any references . 
  as for other trades : again , there are legal issues . 
  you gave example of a cook . 
  here in poland cooks and anyone involved in preparation of food have to have health and safety training , as well as undergo medical screening . 
  for that said cook ( or any help in kitchen ) pretty much has to know at least rudimentary polish . 
  sure , some jobs actually do n't require similar qualification , or are not regulated at all . 
  however we run into structural issues . 
  qualifications of people already in a country might not be compatible with job market at hand . 
  in other words , sure : carpenter can start working from day 1 . 
  however there are simply no job offers for carpenters in the country . 
  swedes want stricter control ? 
  last time i heard they wanted more immigrants . 
   the best qualified best qualified to do what exactly ? 
  without language skills , education impossible to nostrificate and metric ton of other issues i ca n't really think of any qualified labour those people could do . 
  wp is great os , superior to android in many regards . 
  the thing is , it 's neither polished , closely controlled system ios is , nor complete anarchy android turned out to be . 
  being in a middle without strong branding to truly compete did n't really work out for them . 
  tourism . 
   if you vote right-wing conservatives into office you know that this is the result . 
  the thing is , ` people ' did n't .
