  they signed echr , but did n't ratify protocol 6 yet . 
  echr is not an institution ... 
  it 's a treaty , as it stands for european convention on human rights . 
  not to confuse with ecthr , of course ... european court of human rights . 
  tbh out of all polish cities i lived in , i like \u0141\u00f3d\u017a the most . 
  tbh that 's just any army really ... 
   eurosceptic polish government um , what the hell the protests here were supposed to have with euroscepticism ? 
  it was all about making our judical system , including body responsible for free election , under control of ruling party . 
  it had nothing to do with eu , nor had any protest here since 2015 - except for vague hope eu will not let our country become another european dictatorship ( because as it stands it 's actually real possibility ) . 
  i can speak only of how i was treated when i flew there for a conference ... and frankly it made me rethink plans to visit it ever again especially as a tourist . 
   internal socioeconomic problems to solve instigating external conflict is actually one of the perfect solutions to internal socioeconomical problems . 
  hungary has increasingly less to do with europe so we might!be fine . 
  sweden yet again thinking about dominium maris baltici ? 
  bastards . 
  also get some nice chaps with strong jaw as their leaders ? 
  i 'd say opposite . 
  he has quite a pro-french bias :p, 
   how the fuck is the tories encryption policy at blame for this ? 
  i 'd guess its more of a `` you 're creating fake problems rather than dealing with true issues '' type of a deal . 
  obviously privacy laws and building codes are two completely different issues . 
  that said people do n't react well when you try to shove bullshit down their throat while the real issues are not being addressed . 
  gripen and f-16 are both very cheap there , significantly cheaper than anything on the market right now . 
  however , f-35 platform will be very high volume one and as such will likely get a lot cheaper by the time poland gets them . 
  except jas 39e is in roughly the same ballpark when it comes to cost as f-35a . 
  we planned to annex moscow among other things , did n't work out for us , 
  i 'm probably the most french-resistant person in the world , and even i understood it . 
  do you even know how to reddit ?! ... 
  you take props and milk all the karma you can out of it . 
  i half expected it being translated to weltkrieg in germany , 
  well , just 100 years ago french was the language of diplomacy . 
  you just sucked at this trade thing ... 
  his english is still one of the best i 've heard from french person ever ... 
  i mean , fuck - most of you would just make the speech in french and assume us peasants should know your language . 
  it 's the navy with hms indomitable and hms indefatigable . 
  they could put out to sea hms elton john and still win manly names game . 
  it 's a lot better . 
   as i said , large caliber aa guns have been proven in combat to perform very bad . 
  not really though . 
  worse than dedicated platform , sure , but it 's still formidable weapon system . 
  especially with modern fire control and guided projectiles , which is main reason why ` oldschool ' autocannons were not that effective against fast moving targets . 
   the main purpose isnt to take down aircraft because thats very hard to do , it is to harass the aircraft and force them to fly higher so sams can take them down . 
  nope , the main purpose for the both bofors gun like the one on visby , and others like oto melara , is to serve as ciws on small crafts . 
  obviously you 'd like to have a dedicated sam system , but the point is not that visby has shitty aa which it has . 
  it 's that it 's still capable of shooting down whatever happens to stumble into its range . 
  220 rpm of 57 mm projectiles is not very low , especially since with that caliber ( and by extension volume of projectile ) you do n't need to score direct hit . 
  it 's sub-optimal mostly because of range ( aka it 's more of ciw ) , but if you fly in said range you are going to be very dead even in supersonic jet fighter . 
  and i was pointing out you 'd be using different projectile . 
  quite honestly , there 's no doubt visby-class without sams is quite inadequate aa platform . 
  it 's just not completely useless aa . 
   the maximum firing range of the bofors 57 mm gun is only 17 km , ballistics for a naval gun depends on variety of different factors . 
  what you 're citing is surface to surface range for he projectile fired at elevation of 45 degrees . 
  that gun has plenty of other projectiles available for it , including guided rounds , and each will have its unique ballistic properties . 
   the us naval strike missile only has a range of 185 km . 
  depends on an altitude you fire it from . 
  the gun would be more than capable of destroying aircraft attempting such attack . 
  that 's partially why any attack in that vein would be made oth . 
  it 's not bullying ... 
  it 's going through on what was already agreed . 
  and as any defaulting on a contract it has consequences . 
  people had problem with that ... part of the reason it was changed in first place . 
  officially norway is exactly that : kingdom of norway . 
  however , it 's shortened to just `` norway '' . 
  officially poland is `` republic of poland '' , however it gets shortened to just `` poland '' . 
  both are natural , as in nobody had to force either into use artificially , it 's just what the most natural way of calling it is . 
  czech republic meanwhile is morphed into `` czechia '' , which has very dubious historical roots and was delayed by 2 decades while everyone called it its official name in english . 
  what 's wrong with norwegia ? 
  yup ... for cheap ` store ' beer , czech republic ( i flat out refuse to call it czechia ) or germany are the way to go . 
  technically those are not isps , at least not the way it works in poland . 
  the university is end user here . 
  and as end user they can block whatever they want , same as - for example - hotels can throttle youtube in their wifi . 
  you 'd just contract it out to polish workers anyway . 
  from : https://www.sif.admin.ch/sif/en/home/themen/internationale-steuerpolitik/automatischer-informationsaustausch.html  switzerland will start collecting data on 1 january 2017 and exchange it for the first time in 2018 . 
  the federal assembly approved the statutory basis back in december 2015 . 
  so no , it 's not shared yet . 
  still it will take years until the law actually impacts bottom line . 
   i did n't expect something like that in poland . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't expect something like that . 
  also , for 1.5 mln it was a steal compared to other church-related expenditures , some from national budget . 
  cheer up !, 
  you can designate piers morgan as your champion so it will be win-win . 
   about 2000-5000 of onr members in poland afaik there 's no public official information about membership numbers , and even that wo n't account for ` unofficial ' supporters . 
  bottom line is , i would n't discard them as quickly as you seem to do . 
  they seem to be irrelevant now , but they also get a lot of public attention and they act both freely and on occasion violently . 
  there 's plenty of politicians and other ` public figures ' openly or indirectly supporting them . 
  it 's hard to deny they are also growing in numbers . 
  bottom line is : they are fascist organization with government support . 
  that goes slightly beyond just ` freedom of speech ' issue , and has potential to become a problem . 
  i do n't really like that kind of comparisons , but at some point sa also had ` only 2000-5000 people ' , so did blackshirts . 
  thought he 's reptilian overlord ? 
  threatening wo n't help . 
  it will only fuel ` blahhh sovereign nation blaaah ' narrative from populists . 
  he actually has to follow through , and not in ` slap on the writs ' kind . 
  significant portion of voter base have no clue how much we get from eu membership . 
  it 's routinely downplayed . 
  the only real way to teach them is by ` taking the toys ' and letting them notice . 
  otherwise populist bullshit will still prevail . 
  we can only hope . 
  however last elections reaffirmed my skepticism in our voter base . 
   honestly , what 's the point of this kind of mock dogfight ? 
  if one of the sides decides to shoot , the other wants to have upper hand .
