  they had well crafted , successful campaign . 
  i 'm surprised myself how many people are surprised by what they 're doing , but they are . 
  fairly often , with varying degrees of politeness ( `` polish trash '' being extreme , although sadly real example from funnily enough a guy of `` indian '' ethnicity ) . 
  that said , i 'm speaking from a perspective of someone living and working in poland , interacting with people living and working in uk , and being in uk only as tourist . 
  especially from professional perspective , british physicians seems to think we 're at hacksaw and leeches level here . 
  or are simply more vocal ( and direct ) about it . 
  oh , it 's not limited to poorer groups or ` idiots ' . 
  i 've had quite bad experience pretty much anytime i had to talk with british physicians . 
  because you know , it 's so hard to treat other md as md , not a glorified peasant ( especially when he 's trying to fix the mess you caused ) . 
  science community is not free of this sort of prejudice either . 
  personally , i do n't give a shit . 
  i can understand a teenager being a bit more susceptible to being treated like untermensch . 
  `` racism '' in this context might have been used incorrectly , in reference to culture . 
  in other words , she was subjected to xenophobia . 
  being called polish trash , and treated as such , is not something outside of what i 'd describe as `` normal british behaviour '' . 
   then it has nothing to do with racism and the title is just to grab attention not at all ... 
  if i someone commits suicide because he 's bullied in school , it does n't make it suspicious : it 's still suicide . 
  police has nothing to do here . 
  however , it does n't make a bullying any less of a problem , does it ? 
  it 's just not something police has powers to investigate . 
  sure , i 'm not pretending it is new . 
  well , my point was the 37.58 % of popular vote , with 50.92 % turnout is by no means majority - and that 's the mantra certain politicians love to repeat ( `` the majority chose us , so we have a mandate to do whatever we want to '' ) . 
  point is , majority did n't vote for pis ( 62.42 % ) , those who voted for pis do n't necessarily have to agree with the policies , and the 49.08 % of poles that did n't vote are not necessarily reflected accurately by the vote itself ( since not voting is by itself a statement ) . 
  so while the vote is obviously valid and binding , the government does n't have automatic support of the nation . 
  since there 's no mechanism that allows anyone but the president to call for snap election , and president is de facto controlled by the ruling party and did n't exhibit any semblance of free will at any point of his term , protesting is only real way nation can express the attitude towards government policies . 
  thought it 's obvious with the * part ... 
  out of curiosity , how the hell do you even plot czech republic gdp per capita between 1990 and 1992 ? 
  we tend to perceive and remember negative events more vividly in general , as well as be engaged in discussing such events . 
  it applies to governments , but also to products ( and people , and everything else ) . 
  nobody will remember the car works perfectly well 99.9 % of times . 
  if it breaks once , you 're going to be pissed and probably talk about it to your friends , family , maybe write on the internet . 
  just how our brain works , really . 
   government has the mandate to rule and introduce reforms government has the mandate to rule and introduce reforms , as long as those reforms are within the boundaries of the law . 
   i hope that we all just want the best for this country nah , the `` tkm '' principle means it 's not about what 's best for the country . 
  it 's about setting up the scenario where most position of power are in your control , and your group will be in power permanently ( or at least long enough to set up themselves , family and friends in privileged positions ) . 
  no , because majority * voted pis in , so the rest should stfu and bend over . 
  * majority being 37 % of 51 % , but let 's gloss over the details, 
  oligarch interests , including putin 's . 
  putin 's direct control end roughly around chechen boarder . 
  he might not like it , but it 's not a cause worth destroying the delicate balance for . 
   you 're the biggest net drain on eu coffers in total value but also per capita . 
  ah , sure we are . 
  except we are not . 
  i actually want you to finally look at sources , so i wo n't spoil you that much - i 'll just say one of the countries taking a lot more per capita than poland is latvia . 
  call it a teaser . 
  what 's staggering/earth-shattering is how shameless you are . 
  insulting people does n't make you right , and that 's roughly 80 % of your entire argumentation ( other 20 % being based on incorrect statistics ) . 
  quite frankly it makes you look daft , not witty as i assume you think it does . 
   in denmark , you rank quite highly as far as criminal nationalities , even among those from mena . 
  we also happen to be largest nationality in denmark , other than danish , according to your own statistics ( q1 2017 ; statbank.dk ) . 
  any stats have to be looked at in some context . 
  you did n't give me any actual stats about danish crime , and frankly i could n't find any myself in english ( and i do n't speak danish ) outside of `` romanians contribute a lot , followed by poles and lithuanians '' . 
   you also take the most out of eu coffers while putting nothing in them , and no amount of hyperbolic yammering will change this very simple fact . 
  the figures are released on a yearly basis if you wan na inquire on them . 
  by absolute value poland indeed takes the most . 
  we do put more than denmark in coffers actually ... 
  i hoped it will make you understand absolute numbers taken out of context are misleading , it clearly did n't . 
  i 'm also well aware the numbers are easily accessible . 
  apparently you 're not :  poland contributes more money to eu , both as % of gni and absolute value for 2015 , total contributions : poland : $ 3.718 billion denmark : $ 2.191 billion of course , again 2015 eu spending in : poland : $ 13.358 billion denmark : $ 1.529 billion but just like the first set of numbers taken out of context give you wrong image , 2nd set is n't exactly completely honest either . 
  poland is net beneficiary of eu , denmark is net contributor . 
  however , is poland indeed the biggest beneficiary ? 
  you mentioned romania . 
  let 's look at them : romania : $ 6.538 billion poland : $ 13.358 billion blimey !, 
  poland eats twice as much as romania !, 
  well , not really . 
  as mentioned above , in 2015 poland contributed $ 3.718 bn to eu budget , and took $ 13.358 bn out of it . 
  in same period , romania contributed only $ 1.319 bn , and took $ 6.538 bn . 
  so for $ 1 given away by poland , we got 3.59 , while romania got $ 4.95 for every $ 1 . 
  that 's not that honest for romania either to be quite honest . 
  in general all of `` new eu '' benefits greatly here , and poland is not in any way special ( nor is romania ) . 
  it just happens to be biggest by population and overall size of economy , so again proportionally speaking it has to take the most out of it . 
  on the side note ... :  i also never claimed that poland contributed anything , because i did n't . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  meanwhile literally in the same post :  you also take the most out of eu coffers while putting nothing in them, 
  sure . 
  we take criminals , pack them neatly and ship to the west . 
  and we drain ** all ** the funds . 
  let 's ignore most statistics and focus on those that fit your narrative . 
  because when you actually look at numbers comprehensively , your narrative would fall apart . 
  especially if you relate it to gni . 
  your claim is as valid as that : poland contributes more money to eu , both as % of gni and absolute value , than denmark . 
  which , using your rhetoric , makes denmark literally worse than the worst country ( does n't make sense , but nor does your argumentation ) . 
  eu spends roughly the same per capita in romania as it does in poland , and actually slightly more net per capita . 
  there 's a lot more to that , but i 'll leave it for you to discover . 
  well , you 're implying eu is plutocracy . 
  if you think american presence in europe and in asia is dictated by some altruistic reason you 're very mistaken . 
  us throws eu curveballs pretty much constantly , but you 'd probably not notice since it 's not sexy tanks but rather boring trade agreements we 're talking about . 
  it 's very complicated relationship , but actually skewed a lot more towards us benefits than eu . 
  also , i 'd assume everyone is intelligent enough to understand by comment was not literal . 
  ignoring all the moral and economical aspects , uk alone is capable of retaliation by itself . 
  if you bothered to read the comment i was responding to : eu should not care about well being of uk . 
  that 's job of her majesty 's government . 
  when the negotiations are concluded , compromise will be reached that 's likely beneficial for both parties , however eu should not negotiate for uk . 
  that 's the key part here : uk is no longer part of eu . 
  and you wonder why eu has problem when danish person of all the people says something like that . 
  depends . 
  is nuking uk going to positively affect eu , especially in long term ? 
  main issue is : from now on i actually do n't give a toss about well-being of united kingdom and uk citizens . 
  it 's foreign country , and should be treated as such . 
  i support eu getting as good deal for eu as possible with no consideration on well-being of uk .
