  well , as people say : mainstream media is out of whack describing the problem . 
  sure , there are women and children among them - although the footage i 've seen suggest they comprise the minority . 
  however , for example yesterday one of the biggest tv stations ran a footage of a reporter showing the immigrants getting out of pontoon on lesbos . 
  he said , i 'm quoting , `` there are women , children and elderly here '' . 
  except the footage , literally , shown only fit young males . 
  [ it is your destiny . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6b5ubvfa3i ) ( but really , just joking around the long and rich history of turkish military coups  ), 
  do n't worry , you 're not alone in your suffering . 
  seriously though , that 's the most absurd idea ... luckily my parents back in days were tolerant enough to allow me ` opt out ' of this bullshit . 
  you do n't paint leaves green anymore though ? 
  is time for military coup ?!, 
  it was a while guys !, 
  i really do n't recognize turkey anymore . 
  statistics have a nasty habit of being easy to manipulate . 
  the note is factually correct if we imply there 's no further conclusions to be drawn from it . 
  the following sentence however clearly points out there is a conclusion , that we as a mostly christian society should ignore muslims and deal with our own christian problems first . 
  why ? 
  because only those that are faultless can criticize others . 
  on the side note , it 's not a quote from bible , but rather directly from richard lucas who was alluding to this from john 8:7 : `` when they kept on questioning him , he straightened up and said to them , `` let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her . '' '' i 'm assuming it 's the honest mistake and the jesus was the religious leader in question . 
  still , the meaning is clear : we , people , should not discuss our morality because only god is capable of relaying us the truth , and guide us . 
  that 's part of the problem why it 's so hard to deal with extremists . 
  the issue is , liberalism should not allow others to ban others rights . 
  i have a right to say i do n't give a flying fuck about murderous goon muhammad to muslims face without any fear of violence . 
  that 's one of my basic rights . 
  saying it is not politically correct , or inconsiderate , is not any more liberal than what right side of authoritarian coin does . 
  you can do your own research . 
  there 's bunch of peer review studies just two clicks and couple keystrokes away . 
  lack of citation does n't make the comment wrong . 
  it just makes the op lazy . 
  also , reddit comment is not an academic paper . 
  i 'm not paid to do research for you and i 'm not getting anything out of that . 
  i 'm not going to go out of my way to provide you with references on any topic just because . 
  i might be nice and do it . 
  i probably wo n't . 
  the issue with said quote is that it applies to individuals , not society at large . 
  also , taking the absolute numbers is absurd . 
  christian denominations are still dominating in europe , and absolute number of traffic offenders for example will be larger in that group than in muslims , or people suffering fromdown syndrome . 
  however , what we fear - or rather those who oppose islam expansion - is that as percentage of muslims in european society increases , so does the absolute number of extremists ... tl/dr that note is absolutely useless , unnecessary and frankly part of the problem , that is `` we do n't need to deal with it yet '' mentality . 
  the only thing i can think of that comes close to muslim approach is papal infallibility . 
  however , that still leaves possibility of change and is more or less openly opposed or questioned within chatolic community . 
  yup ... that 's the problem . 
  everyone can make a mistake . 
  heads of state make mistakes . 
  but they also employ people to avoid it , and mitigate effects . 
  in this case the message was clear , even if it was n't intended . 
  the second it was seen the reversal should have been ordered . 
  ministers saying she did n't really mean germany will welcome entire fucking syrian nation , aides leaking that to the press , and finally merkel herself going for some soft `` we welcome everyone , but '' to not look weak and admit mistake , but rather as someone who 's explaining and clarifying . 
  that should have been done in matter of hours , maybe days . 
  now it 's too late . 
  the message was broadcasted and understood . 
  and since germany is essentially speaking for entire eu , like it or not ... 
  actually , you kinda ca n't . 
  unless you want to throw away the convention , which clearly states that unless it 's a threat to national security you should extend all rights - including travel and work - to refugees . 
  so no , once you give them status in poland it would be very hard to stop them from getting away . 
  now . 
  the issue is , polish level of welfare will be significantly below what for example germany offers ... 
  unless you want to put them on a level far above what most poles receive , including some of the lower paid jobs . 
  that would make people understandably pissed : their country is taking better care of foreigners then their own people . 
  these people will struggle to find job to supplement their income , there simply is not enough space for unskilled labour here . 
  we export this , as well as skilled one . 
  2.2 mln across eu last time i checked . 
  so you end up with 10k frustrated people , living well below what they expected their life would be in paradise eu is . 
  they will try to get to germany , even if it means working illegally . 
  those that will stay will likely to get frustrated . 
  that in turn means crime and radicalization . 
  so , unless you literally are ok with essentialy putting them in concentration camps and breaking the international agreement the entire refugee thing is based on ... of course we might find some awesome solution , i 'd personally welcome turning poland into germany economy-wise overnight . 
  it does n't matter what she said . 
  it matters what people understood . 
  is it really that hard for a politician ? 
  well , it is a solution . 
  and it will end the problem . 
  it 's not ethically acceptable , and will result in tens of millions casualties , but it will be more or less permanent . 
  what i was saying is the fact they even make it to european union is not motivated by their fear of life alone . 
  if that was so , they would have stayed in tukrey or jordan , as they mostly passed through those countries , which by the way do have `` problem '' with refugees , and we should focus on helping them . 
  vast majority of those who make it into eu deliberately ignored the need to register as refugee , crossed multiple borders illegally and the `` escaping from persecution '' is not their motivation any longer . 
  we should not accept them , and we should not give them any chance of legalizing their status . 
  we should extend bare minimum of what we see as necessary for survival . 
  legalizing their status would mean we do n't respect our own laws , and accept people who show no good faith in their behavior , as well as complete disregard for both our own legal system as well as public order . 
  frankly , as far as i 'm concerned the issue we should deal with is the one with people currently living in refugee camps in mentioned countries , as well as outside of those . 
  the people in question should be resettled to , again , humane and reasonably comfortable camps within eu borders or outside but funded by eu . 
  they should than be treated as any other syrian who applies , for example , for working visa in eu , or any other national with similar background . 
  you 're assuming refugee ca n't also be motivated by other factors . 
  one can be asylum-seeker and economic migrant at the same time . 
  we ca n't if we also want to uphold our own moral standards . 
  the solution would be `` give them fuel , matches and wait until they kill each other to the point of being willing to reach a solution , or until the winners can oppress the losers '' . 
  religion as such is not the core issue here . 
  the issue is we use religion and ethnicity to justify such behavior . 
  if something is not acceptable for french catholic , it should not be acceptable for syrian muslim . 
  the double standards should never apply . 
  full stop . 
  no exemptions . 
  tolerance of religion is one thing , it ends when other human being is about to get harmed in any way . 
  selfish ? 
  no mate , we just want to go to sweden ourselves . 
  and no , they would still go to sweden unless entire europe turned into welfare socialism heaven ... and slowly collapse just as sweden does . 
  you had good run , fair share of luck but you 're not norway , sorry . 
  i think you should really learn a bit more about history of catholic church , as well as what pope 's role really is ( as well as powers ) . 
  it 's not as straight forward as you might think . 
   that is not , in any way , what jesus preached . 
  you really want to go into this sort of theological debate ?
