  what `` jesus preached '' is subject o massive amount of interpretation and translation . 
  frankly , jesus did n't even add much to the topic you mentioned since it originates from old testament . 
  than it ties to other catholic values . 
   surely , a country as catholic as poland would agree with this , no ? 
  polish catholic church expressed readiness to help refugees using existing structures , both in poland and abroad if it 's necessary using existing structures . 
  on the ` side note ' - francis is actually very unpopular among the polish catholic of ` far-right ' leaning . 
  both in and outside the church too ( and no , it 's not because of immigration ) . 
   what was that little thing jesus preached about loving your next ? 
  essentially , that you should consider everybody 's welfare , and it also includes your own countrymen . 
  not helping immigrants in this case actually does not stand in opposition of the concept , because helping them puts others at risk : economically , socially and physically . 
  that ties to your previous sentence : that we have ` natural responsibility ' . 
  in any case someone 's responsibility ends when his safety is at risk . 
  if you 're in a burning car , you can not expect someone to drag you out simply because he 'd than put himself at risk . 
  it 's a choice everybody has to make for himself, 
   if a power plant is being built , or nuclear weaponry is being deployed , then people living in those areas have every reason to be afraid of consequences . 
  and if someone wants to suddenly drop 12 thousand immigrants into a country completely unprepared for such influx , than being afraid of consequences is not a thing right ? 
  especially given the fact poland was involved in both iraq and afghanistan , and - being catholic country - is theoretically prime target for religiously-motivated terrorism ( and was n't mainly because there was nobody on the ground to get involved ) . 
  because nobody threatens you directly with either ... 
  there are plenty of demonstrations around the world every time nuclear power plant is about to get built , or the nuclear weaponry deployed for example . 
  the fear of something is not tied to being directly victim of such event . 
  the question significantly more important than immigration . 
  to be fair , the immigration stream from eastern europe was and is diverse : from the low-grade manual labor , to high-end professionals . 
  thing is , there 's simply not enough jobs here to support mass immigration , and if said jobs appear it 's significantly easier to simply invite the people back . 
  as a nations we have more than enough labor along entire spectrum . 
   tell me , when was the last time poland was a direct victim of islamic terorrism ? 
  i 'll play a bit of a devil advocate here , since i 'm not really concerned with islamic terrorism as such , and am - with certain caveats - for immigration : when was the last time austria had it 's city leveled by nuclear bomb ? 
  or when was the last time austria had it 's entire population subjected to ethnic cleansing ? 
  in both cases the answer is : never . 
  yet you probably reasonably fear both , and take measures to avoid either of the possibilities , however remote . 
  i 've got idea . 
  poland should take all immigrants , grant them refugee status , issue traveling documents and show road to germany . 
   helping is optional . 
  nobody could stop the eu leaders from deciding to close the borders and fortify europe even more . 
  but our leaders and most europeans seem to think that we 're better than that , that we should n't just watch people die , that we do have a responsibility toward war refugees fleeing from the powder keg that we helped create decades ago , as well as syrian 's neighbor countries who god knows are doing more than their share already . 
  that 's part of the issue . 
  helping is optional , and should be optional . 
  as i said many times , i 'm all for accepting as many refugees from syria , eritrea , afghanistan and any other country , as it 's possible without significantly affecting our society . 
  however , i think it should be us extending the help to others , not others knocking on our doors . 
  or other member states forcing us to do so . 
  the voluntary aspect is very important , as is - at least for me - the very strict provision that ` beggars ca n't be choosers ' . 
  ca n't and should n't demand more than is offered , and should strictly respect the law of a host country as well as accept said country 's traditions and customs might be in direct contradiction with their own . 
  also , as a pole i do n't feel responsible at all for the powder keg colonial nations created in 19th and early 20th century , and that 's the root of the problem . 
  back than status of poland and polish people was not that of power and exploitation , but of weakness and being exploited . 
  i can agree on taking responsibility for our more recent actions in afghanistan and iraq though . 
   this is the only way for many afghan refugees , for example ( including military translators and other people fighting the taliban alongside the nato ) , to get german asylum , because there 's no legal way for them to get here . 
  which , again , speaks more about the system we created for those people being absolute shit . 
  they should be helped , but it does n't justify breaking the law and affecting public order . 
  except for this time when they did 9 years ago . 
  and couple incidents in the 90s when due to hostile dogfight at low altitude one of the planes ended up crashed . 
  i exaggerated for the sake of humor , but there is a problem of hostile actions taken by either side against each other occasionally despite theoretically being allies . 
  one of the problem i see is any system that would enforce quotas would violate convention relating to the status of refugees , mainly article 26 and 28 . 
  in practice it would also be hard to enforce , unless we want to close borders between member states . 
  provide a link to older explanation than . 
  i 'd love to see why fsa is such great organization . 
  first , it does n't matter there 's armed conflict in any of those countries . 
  that 's not even something that 's related to the status of refugee . 
  if you do n't believe me , read it : http://www.ohchr.org/en/professionalinterest/pages/statusofrefugees.aspx of course the fact there 's war involved does impact the criteria indirectly : '' ( ... ) owing to well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  in the case of a person who has more than one nationality , the term `` the country of his nationality '' shall mean each of the countries of which he is a national , and a person shall not be deemed to be lacking the protection of the country of his nationality if , without any valid reason based on well-founded fear , he has not availed himself of the protection of one of the countries of which he is a national . '', 
  in other words : the country needs to devolve to such extent it can no longer protect it 's own citizens , or the bodies governing a country are the ones asylum-seeker fears . 
  also , all countries you have nationality of need to fulfill criteria . 
  while each application is considered individually , for example in case of nigerians there 's very little to go with : nigeria is still fully capable of caring for it 's own citizens , and vast majority of the country is safe . 
  most of them might get rejected , go through lengthy legal battle to overturn the decision , and than be deported . 
  second , some - maybe many or even most - of those people are not running away directly from danger into european union . 
  they go here through other , safe countries . 
  in said countries many of them had jobs , and still have families . 
  the two parts of their journey are characterized by different motivation : out of syria , and to eu . 
   it 's not a grand progressive conspiracy , i 'm not suggesting conspiracy . 
   it 's that dublin 2 is an impractical agreement that was short-sighted and can not possibly work with this influx of refugees . 
  it could , if it was actually enforced . 
   did not provide them adequate means to do so said means could ( and should ) have been provided by each state . 
   how the hell are the greek islands , many of which only consist of rocks and a few goats , supposed to handle thousands of refugees ? 
  they are not supposed to . 
  within all standard of international law majority of those asylum-seekers can be deported , and should have been deported ( look below ) . 
   the issue here is that when there was clearly a need to either reinforce the borders or replace dublin 2 , the majority of the eu members decided to lean back and do nothing . 
  for the record , i 'd much prefer the latter solution , but these are two approaches that would work , and arguably should be done in conjunction . 
  not really . 
  we could have worked within the scope of dublin 2 ... and help refugees . 
  and control borders . 
  there are three separate issues here : 1 ) people illegally crossing into european union from locations not affected by any conflict . 
  those people should have no right to say within european union simply because they show absolute disregard for the law of it 's member states . 
  2 ) people legally crossing into european union from location that are affected by conflict , thus fulfilling article 31 criteria as well as other , of convention and protocol relating to the status of refugees . 
  those people are minority , and would not overload any country given working and efficient administration . 
  if somehow the overload still happened , there 's mechanism within dublin 2 that allows any member state to voluntarily take over asylum-seekers for humanitarian reasons ( which being over capacity very much fits ) . 
  finally : 3 ) people who obtained refugee status in a ` third ' country neighboring conflict zone , who are indeed overloading said countries . 
  mainly turkey , jordan and lebanon in case of syria , but also others . 
  european states should have actively acted to alleviate actual overflow that does happen there , and facilitate refugee movement to europe in fashion each state deems humane . 
  that 's what should have happened . 
  instead we ignored the problem , people pilled up within our borders , those that previously fit into category 3 had time , resources and willingness to act on their own , and become part of category 1 . 
  than those people reached our borders , and social pressure took it 's toll : like violent critique of hungary fence-building initiative , or pressure to ` let everybody through ' . 
  hence , crisis . 
  while i agree with you the dublin 2 did n't work , i simply do n't think it could n't . 
  but that 's completely pointless now . 
   if people had a future in the aforementioned countries , they would n't risk the perilous journey to europe . 
  they do have future , it 's just worse . 
  similarly i have significantly worse future ( in sense of opportunity ) than you - assuming flair is correct . 
   except we also left those countries alone in dealing with the issue no , we did n't . 
  we went one step further : we pressured said countries to not use tools under their disposal to deal with a crisis . 
   we have a shot at fixing everything in a grown-up manner i 'm yet to see something that can ` fix ' it . 
  so far we 've got very general ideas without any clear implementation , that frankly simply wo n't work ( like idea of quotas without strict restriction of movement ) . 
   there is a willingness to change the system to more control , but as per usual , it takes some time before european countries can trust each other before agreeing .
