  it does n't make them less of a refugees , but frankly they are not in any immediate danger once they get out of syria and bordering regions belonging to neighboring countries . 
  it 's silly to expect lebanon or jordan support such massive influx , obviously , which is why the refugee is funded by gulf states and other foreign factors . 
  the logistics of having so many refugees is also a problem , but than again : they can wait in camps until other countries - in europe , africa , asia , americas ( because eu is not the only place on earth that 's both safe and wealthy enough , is it ? ... ), 
  - decide how many of them they can take in , and how to move them in manner that wo n't end with 70 dead on the side of motorway . 
  the question we should be asking right now is not what to do with people kicking our doors and squatting in living room , metaphorically speaking . 
  we should be asking what we should do with people that did n't violate our laws and are currently in massive camps in jordan for example , and imho we should take them in - as many as we can support . 
  not as refugees but as permanent residents if they wish so . 
  those who did barge in should be kicked the hell out back where they belong . 
  it was surely a gamble , although not that far fetched . 
  by 1993 the poland passed economical reforms , already had gdp growth and looked quite good compared to other ex-communist states ( as in : it was the only one with economy not plummeting ) . 
  nigeria on the other hand just had failed coup , first democratic elections disregarded and bloody protests . 
  he came in as a foreign student , from what was at the time military dictatorship . 
  a bit of xenophobia , because i do n't really think the issue in poland is racism as such , in a country on fast lane to prosperity and freedom seems prize worth paying . 
  which is exactly the problem we have already with ( some ) vietnamese , although on relatively small scale . 
  they do n't have to work within system , so they do n't . 
  they do n't learn language , they do n't go to schools and so on . 
  it 's hard to blame people really . 
  it looks like governments are incapable of dealing with problem . 
  that 's because the firm stance against immigrants breaking law is seen as being anti-immigration itself . 
  however , letting the situation escalate - as happens now - will not alleviate the crisis ... 
  so yeah , the nationalist and other extreme right-wing parties are very much fine with the situation . 
  yeah , we probably would . 
  shame they do n't storm the borders in hundreds thousands but rather want to stay in their own country . 
  quite honestly , i personally work with ukrainians , and i know of many others who came to poland in recent years . 
  they are all highly educated professionals , and i have highest opinion of them . 
  i would n't mind syrians either by the way . 
  the issue as poster before me stated is integration , but than again i do also work with quite a few people of middle eastern and north african descent that came to poland in 1970s and 1980s as students , and stayed ever since ( at least in medicine , poland hosted many students from communist-aligned countries like libya ... and syria  ) . 
  they integrated perfectly well . 
  than there are people like john godson who despite extremely exotic ethnicity ( look up polish demographics ) successfully ran for a parliament seat from my constituency . 
  where the ` war zone ' is mentioned than ? 
   other than world war two which is mentioned in context of people displaced in that conflict ( before the convention was ratified ) not being prosecuted for unlawfully residing in ratifying country , since otherwise the law would not be applied retrospectively to them . 
  do n't stop . 
  i think we finally achieved dialogue !, 
  enlighten me than , where does it say economical situation is a reason for granting refugee status in actual source documents , or is in any way a factor . 
  why crap ? 
   refugee status is actually quite crap . 
  for most it 's a lot better to apply for temporary or permanent residency , worker or student visa . 
  which is because vast majority ukrainian nationals simply do n't fit refugee definition . 
  that 's why you get rejected en masse : ukraine as nation can still protect you within its borders . 
  if you want to come to eu however , there 's a lot of other options . 
  personally i know of many ukrainian students that recently arrived in poland , as well as many professionals successfully getting working visas . 
  as for tourist visas ... you can apply for schengen visa in any of the schnegen countries . 
  last time i heard , poland is accepting majority of applications - and that 's not the only option out there . 
  you 're implying united nations as organization is too stupid to understand what refugee is ? ... 
  on the side note : i do n't ` hate on foreigners ' - i actually am very much for accepting migrants . 
  what i am though is someone who thinks law is cornerstone of our civilization . 
  i always assume the comments are addressed to wider group of people , not only author of original post the response is to . 
  so while you might be done talking to me ( which is great wording by the way , although i suspect done by accident ) , i was not done talking to you . 
  it seems however i 've never been talking with you , given your seeming immunity to any arguments and facts . 
   of course it does . 
  are you stupid ? 
  no , i possess ability to read and understand . 
   hungary does n't wants refugees . 
  they made that very clear . 
  they ratified the convention , and did n't denounce it . 
  what they want does n't really matter . 
  still , the issue is they even get to hungary : they should stay in turkey , lebanon , jordan , israel or - if they came by sea - any country that 's not landlocked ... which hungary is by the way . 
   why would western europe accept economic immigrants from easter europe but not real refugees ? 
  because the eastern european countries you are referring to are part of european union , of which one of the main principles is so called `` freedom of movement for workers '' . 
  it 's not cherry picking , it 's law . 
   you are still a refugee if there is a war in your country . 
  seriously , are you stupid ?!, 
  they are living in refugee camps !, 
  yes you are . 
  does n't mean you ca n't become economic migrant as well . 
   it does n't matter that a refugee passed through countries that is n't in a war you did n't read the convention i linked to did n't you ? ... 
  the one that 's literally the law in this case ? 
  the war is not even a factor as i said ( look below ) . 
   yes , but it does n't look like the conflict will end any time soon . 
  also a lot of countries allow it for refugees to remain permanently in a country after a certain period of time . 
  the prediction on when the conflict is going to end are not under consideration here , at least not within the scope of actions convention requires from the nations that ratified it . 
  as for countries allowing refugees to remain permanently , they do n't . 
  they allow refugee to apply for resident status , or for nationality . 
  they do n't allow refugees stay simply because those people are no longer refugees . 
   okay , you are stupid . 
  that completely proofs my point . 
  that 's a definition of a refugee , article 1-a of a convention relating to the status of refugees , in a wording amended by protocol from 1967 . 
  it 's literally copied from actual document ...  yeah because in wars people are n't persecuted , right ?!, 
  haha , seriously , that was all good fun but i 'm done talking to you . 
  those are two separate issues . 
  there can be war in your country , but the country itself might still give you enough protection so that the convention does n't apply . 
  for example , in ukraine . 
  it does n't matter the entire eastern parts of ukraine are on fire , western regions are absolutely safe . 
  therefore virtually any ukrainian national applying for refugee status in eu is rejected ( there are few cases the application is accepted , for example as far as i know poland accepted 1 ( one ) person as refugee from ukraine since conflict begun ) . 
  russia on the other hand assumes ukrainian government does prosecute certain groups for ideological reasons , so it accepts ukrainian refugees . 
  it might not necessarily apply to syria , but than again each refugee is treated individually . 
  also , small technicality . 
  those people are not refugees . 
  no , really : they do n't fit the un convention definition of refugee , and as such - at least in poland - are routinely rejected if they apply for refugee status . 
  they do come here , yes , but not as refugees . 
   those countries are neither particularly attractive nor do those countries want to have those refugees . 
  it does n't matter . 
   there is no reason from them to stay wait , if the reason for leaving country of origin was to escape prosecution ( which is what it had to be for them to be considered refugees ) , than there 's very much the reason for them to stay - the current place of their residence is free of it . 
  what 's even more important , they need to stay there and - according to 1951 convention/1967 protocol - ca n't leave the country illegally and do n't expect prosecution . 
   even a ton of eastern europeans are leaving eastern europe and most of eastern europe openly rejects the acceptance of refugees . 
  and those people are considered economical migrants . 
   what ?!, 
  that 's the whole reason !, 
  what would you do if you were from syria and lived in a turkey refugee camp for years ? 
  you see the issue here ? ...
