and if memory serves me the japanese were n't particularly well armed , many of their supplies were rather low . 
  it also helped that we expected them to come by sea , and we pointed our cannons the wrong way . 
  pretty much one of britain 's greatest military errors . 
  it 's almost like people can be deeply cynical and do n't wish to explore both sides of an argument before jumping to judgement . 
  voting systems is a niche topic and holds almost zero interest to the wider electorate ( the economy and immigration being the top two currently ) . 
  oh i detest them almost entirely , as a liberal they hold views that are pretty much the polar opposite of mine . 
  they already have the view that the voting system should be changed but were sidelined during the chaotic yes-to av campaign . 
  the results would speak for themselves , ukip could go die quietly in a corner for all i care . 
  it is predicted that we will see a drop from their eu results but as trucidator says , this time is different . 
  we have n't had circumstances like this and the political environment has given space to ukip , it has emerged as a force as they regularly poll in double figures these days for a general election . 
  i think it 's almost certain that they will have an impact on the general election results , the better question to ask though is whether they will get any mps , and under the first past the post system i 'm not sure they will get a single one . 
  we could end up in a very perverse situation where the conservatives win the highest vote share but labour win the most seats , ukip come third in the poll but not a single mp and the libdems fourth with about 30 mps . 
  we should complain about this gross violation of european sovereignty ect ect, 
  this is hardly unsanctioned , she was reading from an auto-cue . 
  it depends , in america it 's definition ranges from slightly left of centre to outright socialist . 
  what would be seen as liberal in the us would just be seen as social democratic or socialist here . 
  to be honest the 3 main political parties could all fall within the spectrum of the democratic party . 
  that 's a possibility but so far the consensus is stick it out to 2015 . 
  remember many assumed brown would go after the euro elections and he persevered . 
  the eu debate could prove vital and could help the libdems hold onto their meps . 
  he 's strong in deputy pm questions and previous debates , he 'll be fine . 
  some of the portfolios were redistributed to other depts/were simple name changes . 
  it 's also a good way for the uk to massively fuck up . 
  true true . 
  eventually though germany will have to increase its capacity and its international role ( although probably after its finished bailing out half of europe ) . 
  that 's a solution in need of a problem , there is no reason for something so dramatic . 
  it would take a long time for europe to fill the void in military capacity and even longer to complete the structural reform necessary for military cooperation . 
  it may be unpopular but having an american presence does help with stability , trade and the money poured in ( multiplier effect ect ) certainly does help . 
  europe pretty much has 2\u00a01/2 countries with a decent military and the 1 / 2 ( germany ) is rather resistant to using it abroad . 
  true true, 
  he 's a three term prime minister and still commands respect globally ? 
  i absolutely agree , there is more governments can do regarding infrastructure . 
  and quite rightly the multiplier effect of such projects is highest during times of low economic growth and when there is plenty of spare capacity in the economy ( whereas during periods of growth they can actually have negative impact and damage through crowding out and inflation ) . 
  once again though these things take time and often take years to get past even the planning stages . 
  infrastructure projects are often vital but should be taken on a case by case basis and not merely as a tool for recovery ( as often the economy has recovers by the time they are realised ) . 
  ( i 'm on my mobile but if you want i can post a conversation regarding infrastructure projects in a few days time ) in the uk we have an energy policy where the energy firms partially or fully subsidise loft and cavity wall insulation but it is often very difficult to even give it away to families . 
  ( i actually was employed for a short period to help with insulation adoption ) . 
  so yeah , there are things governments can and should be doing but the important things to note is that it will take a long time ( no short term solutions ) and that as a result of the economic situation , tools that governments traditionally rely on are not available . 
  not that i agree with hollande or his policies but there is very little governments can do in the short term to tackle unemployment . 
  if they spend too much they end up causing inflationary pressures and can damage private sector employment and any structural reforms will take time to see the benefits of . 
  even if france had control of its own monetary policy , interest rates are already practically zero so there is no room to move . 
  it 's worth mentioning cost of living ect . 
  it 's the new method of communication and besides , governments interact with private companies all the time , it 's hard not to . 
  i imagine you have no problem using the telephone when dealing with government services ? 
  public outreach and communication is bloody difficult , why not take advantage of these services . 
  mixture of rss feed from interesting sources/people . 
  good fun for chatting with friends . 
  more personal than fb imo . 
  i hate myself . 
  there are strong arguments for and against entry into the euro . 
  collectively it enhances the single market but it does result in a loss of economic independence and some economic tools . 
  its a shame that so many people in this thread are trying to quash the debate by downvoting opinions they disagree with . 
  i responded to another comment which asked me to cite some sources and literature . 
  i thought you might also be interested in it . 
  hopefully this literature should suffice , not all economists agree with free trade but the vast majority do . 
  `` free trade the ability of people to undertake economic transactions with people in other countries free from any restraints imposed by governments or other regulators . 
  measured by the volume of imports and exports , world trade has become increasingly free in the years since the second world war . 
  a fall in barriers to trade , as a result of the general agreement on tariffs and trade and its successor , the world trade organisation , has helped stimulate this growth . 
  the volume of world merchandise trade at the start of the 21st century was about 17 times what it was in 1950 , and the world 's total output was not even six times as big . 
  the ratio of world exports to gdp had more than doubled since 1950 . 
  of this , trade in manufactured goods was worth three times the value of trade in services , although the share of services trade was growing fast . 
  for economists , the benefits of free trade are explained by the theory of comparative advantage , with each country doing those things in which it is comparatively more efficient . 
  as long as each country specialises in products in which it has a comparative advantage , trade will be mutually beneficial . 
  some critics of free trade argue that trade with developing countries , where wages are usually lower and working hours longer than in developed countries , is unfair and will wipe out jobs in high-wage countries . 
  they want autarky or fair trade . 
  real-world trade patterns sometimes seem to challenge the theory of comparative advantage ( see new trade theory ) . 
  most trade occurs between countries that do not have huge cost differences . 
  the biggest trading partner of the united states , for instance , is canada . 
  well over half the exports from france , germany and italy go to other european union countries . 
  moreover , these countries sell similar things to each other : cars made in france are exported to germany , and german cars go to france . 
  the main reason seems to be cross-border differences in consumer tastes . 
  but the agricultural exports of australia , say , or saudi arabia 's reliance on oil , do clearly stem from their particular stock of natural resources . 
  also poorer countries often have more unskilled labour , so they export simple manufactures such as clothing . '', 
  http://www.economist.com/economics-a-to-z/f#node-21529605 `` opinion of economists [ edit ] the literature analysing the economics of free trade is extremely rich with extensive work having been done on the theoretical and empirical effects . 
  though it creates winners and losers , the broad consensus among members of the economics profession in the u.s. is that free trade is a large and unambiguous net gain for society . 
  [ 7 ] [ 8 ] in a 2006 survey of american economists ( 83 responders ) , `` 87.5 % agree that the u.s. should eliminate remaining tariffs and other barriers to trade '' and `` 90.1 % disagree with the suggestion that the u.s. should restrict employers from outsourcing work to foreign countries . 
  '' [ 9 ] quoting harvard economics professor n. gregory mankiw , `` few propositions command as much consensus among professional economists as that open world trade increases economic growth and raises living standards . 
  '' [ 10 ] nonetheless , quoting prof. peter soderbaum of malardalen university , sweden , `` this neoclassical trade theory focuses on one dimension , i.e. , the price at which a commodity can be delivered and is extremely narrow in cutting off a large number of other considerations about impacts on employment in different parts of the world , about environmental impacts and on culture . 
  '' [ 11 ] most economists would agree that although increasing returns to scale might mean that certain industry could settle in a geographical area without any strong economic reason derived from comparative advantage , this is not a reason to argue against free trade because the absolute level of output enjoyed by both `` winner '' and `` loser '' will increase with the `` winner '' gaining more than the `` loser '' but both gaining more than before in an absolute level . 
  in the classic text an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations , ( namely , in the passage `` of restraints upon the importation from foreign countries of such goods as can be produced at home '' ) economist adam smith describes the benefits of the prohibition , in whole or in part , of the importation of such goods as can be produced at home . 
  he describes how industrialists will be led by a home-bias to employ their capital in domestic rather than foreign production , `` as if by an invisible hand '' . 
  this passage contains the only occurrence of the famous `` invisible hand '' concept in this text . 
  history '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_trade#opinion_of_economists, 
  please can we do away with condescending statements , it never helps any debate . 
  its a fact that most economists regard as true , that free trade contributes to growth and protectionism makes us all poorer . 
  it ensures competition which allows for a better/more efficient allocation of resources and helps consumers . 
  those that close off their markets will ensure uncompetitive behaviour and a poor allocation of resources , not to mention the consumers who will suffer from poorer choice and higher prices . 
  we live in a globalised world with limited resources , i think its only sensible that we allocate them as best we can . 
  the eu-us trade deal will do wonders for our economies and boost growth at a time of low/no growth . 
  free trade creates wealth and should be encouraged and welcomed . 
  they will literally have a party with germany picking up the tab , that wo n't piss them off at all . 
  the passing of history , she did some important things in her time and she also did some things i disagreed with . 
  she led the nation a quarter of a century ago and was right for her time , we owe her a debt of gratitude for some things and have moved on from others . 
  i will celebrate no death but at the same time i 'm not a huge fan . 
  the celebratory reaction of some of the left is contradictory to their expressed beliefs of compassion and is rather sickening . 
  i 'm a liberal and not a conservative but that does n't mean i ca n't appreciate the giant impact she had on britain and the world , to live life to such a full level is a rare thing indeed . 
  i 've learnt a little french and malay but i 'm not fluent in either . 
  i know a few odd words in a few languages ( mostly swear words ) as a result of going to an international school in south east asia . 
  i wish i was more fluent in another language but i have neither the desire or ability to commit myself to learning to that level . 
  not directly as far i 'm aware , they are in negotiation with america and a number of other countries .
