  the doha round talks involve both eu and china but have pretty much stalled as no one wants to budge on agriculture . 
  . . have you ever taken an economics lesson ? 
  i 'm very wary of direct democracy as i am sceptical of the publics ability to make cool and informed decisions ... i 'm also particularly worried about their ability to be swayed so easily as a result of current events . 
  i would like that to be the case , the eu could do with more liberal voices and it would be mutual beneficial . 
  it probably helps to have a say in your trade relations with your biggest trading partner and it will enhance its power and voice . 
  we will see what the future holds for the euro but i think the eu is sound and as of yet an unfulfilled project . 
  his control of large sections of the media and his populist approach to governance . 
  every country has them and outsiders will also shake their head in disapproval only to elect their local flavour of them . 
  ensuring stability in less than stable regions , preventing countries from bullying their neighbour ( eg china in asia ) , maintaining trading links , military preparedness in volatile regions . 
  world finance hub and global city london has large expat community shock !, 
  edit : realised that was massively catty . 
  play rugby some time and get back to us . 
  it 's pretty impressive that a minority citizen became president , not many countries would be able to stomach that . 
  kind of sums up the state of europe ... * cue indy voice * it belongs in a museum . 
  england , scotland , ireland and wales . 
  people often do n't know this but ` the great dictator ' started off as a mockumentary by charlie chaplin in the same style as borat , unfortunately it was so successful that it gave rise to the nazi 's . 
  germany has moved on substantially since world war 2 and are now an overwhelmingly positive force for good , it is a shame a number of my countrymen do n't feel the same way . 
  alternatively german 's see the eu as the best way of preserving the peace on a land that has constantly gone to war with each other . 
  in fairness they are the biggest nations of the group ( economically speaking ) and are net contributors . 
  the problem is that the three of them can not always agree upon a vision for europe . 
  europe is too slow and too comfortable to take the steps it needs to compete in the 21st century , it needs to stop being a decaying tourist attraction and start becoming the economic powerhouse it needs to be . 
  i was under the impression that dutch liberalism was free market mixed with progressive social policy ? 
  it comes across as quite centrist and on the mark for the definition of liberalism . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberalism_in_the_netherlands i think when it comes to liberalism its best to look away from traditional camps of left and right , they do n't tend to define themselves that way . 
  so can anything . 
  yes but in britain it is a distinctive ideology . 
  there is no liberal label : s, 
  the single market , projecting power globally , attracting investment ( access to 27 countries ) , almost zero chance of war in land used to tearing itself apart , tackling the challenges of globalisation and the 21st century which requires nations to cooperate . 
  referendums are rarely proper debates , when we had the av referendum it was reduced to guardianistas circlejerking and pictures of soldiers/babies . 
  as savannajeff mentioned , the possibility of membership will likely result in reforms . 
  as for europe , it has access to a large country with a young population , it will help economically ( single market and all that jazz ) . 
  it will also help as a bridge to the islamic world as turkey is a relatively moderate country and having them as members of the eu will help project our interests abroad ( something we are n't particularly good at at the moment ) . 
  the heart of deficit reduction is cutting spending , i 'm not sure how much raising taxes will dampen public anger . 
  female under representation is a problem that is being fixed by talented women , no need for conciliation prizes . 
  it is a terrible idea to intervene in such a manner . 
  incidentally i made a uk circle jerk too, 
  the economist is a reputable magazine , there is a reason why it captures a diverse global audience . 
  it depends on the form it takes , how much sovereignty each state has , whether europe has reformed sufficiently and a movement towards a truly single market . 
  every country has a right to self determination . 
  i believe this is a choice for the scottish people but i hope for their sake and the uk 's sake that they stick with us . 
  we are stronger together and weaker apart . 
  or as my friends dubbed it , ` the human centipede ', 
  populists generally do n't have workable alternatives . 
  eu is our biggest trading partner . 
  if the countries default then the uk loses out . 
  the uk is right to be concerned for a multitude of reasons . 
  europe has generally been a place of war , it is only in recent history that there has become zero prospect of conflict between eu nations . 
  i do n't mean to come across as a ` tool ' its just that the guy is a hack , he appears to be more worried about viewing figures than actually educating people . 
  this is a horribly populist video which does little to explain the current crises or the positions within it . 
  it 's a bit more complicated then that . 
  we ca n't exactly emulate a german economic model by tomorrow nor is it completely desirable . 
  nope , we might have had a quater of bad growth but they were n't technically recessions . 
  it 's a myth that we do n't manufacture , we are among the biggest manufacturers in the world . 
  the last two quarters have been small amounts of negative growth according to government data ( they put the recent figure at -0.2 % ) , however this figure will be adjusted as more data is collected over the next few years and could change to say that we were n't . 
  i think goldman sachs produced a report saying that the data was flawed and that we actually had a quarter of growth . 
  anyways growth is pretty much flat in the uk and will be for a fair while . 
  it is certainly going to be unpopular for any government to carry them out . 
  i imagine it would be particularly difficult for governments that have to gain support from other parties and not just their backbenchers . 
  markets can be irrational at times but to going against market forces is usually a bad idea . 
  i think many would argue that the free market allows for less concentrations of power than a centralized state . 
  a lot of people believe the free market is a force good and its benefits reach beyond the rich . 
  are you serious ? 
  it is a highly respected magazine with a global audience . 
  in what way would you describe it as dangerous ? 
  i do n't think athiestmil mean any racism or xenophobia , the term `` club med countries '' has been used quite a lot in the press ( a quick google and you shall see ) , even by respected newspapers such as the ft http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e5501f0-2cb0-11e1-8cca-00144feabdc0.html#axzz1tac9vinu . 
  i do n't defend the description of `` club med '' but only point out that athiestmil has come across as a decent chap in other threads , so i would n't be so quick to label him as xenophobic . 
  -0.2 % growth is n't exactly a plunge back into depression , it just means that growth is rather flat which is to be expected given all the circumstances . 
  somehow i doubt there is a plan to `` drive down living standards so we will accept working conditions of the third world again '' . 
  and i think tugasnake is right about raising taxes and nationalisation , scaring away investment is not the way to get your economy growing again . 
  never is a long time . 
  as john maynard keynes once said , `` in the long run we are all dead '' . 
  of course the economy will recover without stimulus , the question is whether further stimulus will be better at getting us there or whether that comes with too many risks attached . 
  we would be in a much larger mess if we let the banks fail and i do n't think any of us would have liked that . 
  hopefully the tax payer will get some returns to the shares that they own or that the losses are somewhat reduced ( in the case of northern rock where the uk was required to sell it after a number of years ) . 
  as for corporation tax , hopefully it should encourage more businesses to invest . 
  after all we live in a global economy which we have to compete in . 
  lowering the tax does not always result in lower revenues , and we really need some growth . 
  i would n't describe it as good but rather it has been necessary and will hopefully allow for some reforms that have been needed for a long time . 
  i think some of the conditions and pace of austerity is might be a little too tough ( such as the deficit limit ) and that cutting during economically difficult times can often prolong them and result in the deficit not being sufficiently tackled ( as a result of loss of tax receipts/increase in welfare ect ) . 
  most successful deficit reduction programs involve 85 % spending cuts matched with 15 % in tax rises , the heart of reducing your deficit is through spending cuts ( although as mentioned earlier it can potentially harm growth if handled badly ) . 
  unfortunately in order to make any meaningful cuts you have to reduce spending on big ticket items such as welfare/defence/education ect , if you choose to protect one department you will have to further decrease other departments . 
  i do n't think i 'm qualified to give an opinion on what the exact solution should be but governments do need to make sure to maintain confidence so that they can finance their budgets without increasing their national debt/deficit too much . 
  hopefully by the end of this we see a number of positive reforms and the eurozone move closer towards fiscal unity . 
  with monetary union there has to be some degree of fiscal unity , hopefully this will help strengthen the single market . 
  it does a little . 
  no , no it is n't that argument at all . 
  and comparing arguments about increasing competitiveness with child labour and slavery is intellectual laziness , we live in a globalised world , we must compete in order to succeed . 
  we will not attract obtain growth or increases in our living standards because we are ` special ' , we have to earn our way in the world . 
  perhaps . 
  but you do n't have to be a ` neo-liberal lapdog ' ( as you so kindly put it ) to take a lesson from economics and history . 
  unfortunately much of what these candidates propose can be disproved as disastrous by just a little googling . 
  economics is n't an exact science but it does get things right occasionally . 
  socialism belongs in the 20th century . 
  not really , i would describe myself as a moderate liberal . 
  i just do n't think socialism works either economically or as a way of creating an ideal society . 
  it does n't have a fantastic track record and france really needs to remain competitive if europe is going to find its way out of this economic mess any time soon . 
  i must admit the french elections are more competitive and that is to praised , unfortunately a great deal of the proposals made by the candidates were economically naive or populist in nature . 
  however i would disagree about the ideological differences , it struck me that most of the candidates were to varying degrees socialist in nature and certainly anti globalisation . 
  indeed , france should be ashamed of its candidates . 
  it should really ashed that fucking le pen won 20 % of the vote , just 6 % shy of sarkozy .
