  every freaking day they chant `` no camp , no fingerprints '' . 
  that is why eu collectively needs to help to protect greece 's borders . 
  send police , army , money , equipment or whatever but we need to protect the borders . 
  then change the laws . 
  they were made before we could even imagine a crisis like this . 
  we have to adapt to the situation . 
  i meant that they wo n't go back to any country just because germany ask them to . 
  where did i say that ? 
  you are just bullshitting now . 
  yeah its hard for greece , but instead of transporting migrants from the small islands to athen , eu should help them deport every single one of them . 
  after a while they will stop coming once they realize they have no chance . 
  australia did it with success , the eu atleast should try it . 
  i feel for you . 
  same happened to us when you guys closed the borders while the serbs were transporting all of them to us . 
  the solution is to close eu 's external borders . 
  we ca n't and also should n't accept more . 
  every day more and more people and also countries realize that we were right . 
  you just ca n't let them flood your country . 
  and the one who shot it down was actually a hungarian . . 
  the same happened between austria and hungary last tuesday . 
  of course the whole liberal western media blamed and called us xenophobic and inhumane . 
  turns out every country does the same , because it 's the procedure . 
  that 's turkey , or greece if we consider eu . 
  not us . 
  so their country is safe enough for women and children to stay . . 
   eastern europeans will nevertheless mostly be perceived as criminals and/or leeching on welfare here . 
  not true at all . 
  they are mostly labelled as cheap workers who will do almost every low-level job . 
   but then , they very next moment , you will resume telling us that the prejudice about refugees is totally justified . 
  it is justified because it 's true . 
  check my other post for proofs . 
  because that 's the trend already . 
  70 % of somalis in the netherlands are on benefits . 
  it 's about the same in denmark . 
  they are there legally and working and paying taxes there . 
  the migrants are here illegally and majority of them will live off welfare . 
  why in hungary ? 
  they were safe in serbia , macedonia , greece and in turkey too . 
  if you are a refugee than you should look for asylum in the closest neighboring country . 
  after they decide that is not enough for them and enter countries illegally they become illegal migrants . 
  you ca n't just cross over multiple countries illegaly and then demand help . . 
  did the mods delisted this post ? 
  it was # 1 on front page . 
  this was in bicske . 
  the train was originally going to sopron but was stopped at bicske to get the migrants out of the train and to transport them to a refugee camp in bicske in order to register them . 
  this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l3esbpetf8 ) was also taken there by the police , migrants refused to take any water/food and are still demanding police to let them go to germany . 
  or in serbia , macedonia , greece , turkey . . 
  yes , but since merkel 's statement everyone who speaks arabic claims to be syrian , and since they purposely burn or throw away their ids they ca n't be identified . 
  we should have adopted australia 's policy on migrants ages ago . 
  i gave up debating with you when you started insulting . 
  yea keep insulting . 
  you still did n't answer , does germany has a right-wing goverment or not ? 
  you seem to use the `` ring-wing '' as an insult too . . 
  how are we not democratic ? 
  did the ruling party seized the power with force ? 
  yea but i replied to a guy who said it would be good if the migrants would stay in hungary and the eu would aid us with money/food etc. 
  it would be good for non hungarians only . 
  the directive you linked states what conditions people should meet to be classified as a refugee , but it does n't mean every country who singed it has to take everyone who meets these conditions , it just simply means that countries has to process their asylum request , but it 's their choose to grant them or not a refugee status . 
  on one side we have germany who stated that they will accept every syrian . 
  on the other side we have thousands of migrants in budapest who are rioting because the police enforces the eu laws and doesnt let them to germany . 
  what should we do ? 
  if we let them to germany with them not having visa or passport we are violating the eu laws , if we are not letting them then we get labelled as xenophobic and racist in the media . 
  i think you are misunderstanding the directive you linked . 
  if there would be an eu law that says it member countries have to accept refugees if they meet certation conditions then why would merkel want to force quota system upon eu countries ? 
  because theres no such law . 
  on one side we have germany who stated that they will accept every syrian . 
  on the other side we have thousands of migrants in budapest who are rioting because the police enforces the eu laws and doesnt let them to germany . 
  what should we do ? 
  if we let them to germany with them not having visa or passport we are violating the eu laws , if we are not letting them then we get labelled as xenophobic and racist in the media . 
  the problem is that by stating that germany will accept every syrian , everyone even non syrians who speaks arabic claims to be syrians and wants to go there . 
  we were already flooded by them the statement just made it worse . 
  so countries have to implement it but can change it 's conditions . 
  still does n't force countries to accept refugees , they can choose on their own if they want them or not . 
  you claimed that hungary does n't care about laws because of it 's right-wing goverment . 
  does germany has a right-wing goverment too ? 
  orban was a vice president in the european people 's party from 2002 to 2012 . 
  merkel 's party cdu is in that party too . 
  it 's the same . 
  if they can get to germany they can stay . 
  it just proves my point . 
   directives normally leave member states with a certain amount of leeway as to the exact rules to be adopted . 
  directives can be adopted by means of a variety of legislative procedures depending on their subject matter . 
  they only applied for asylum because eu rules does n't let countries to arrest anyone who claims to be a refugee . 
  so what is happening is illegal migrants enter hungary , police catches them then they apply for asylum . 
  instead of going to the refugee camps they leave the country because they want to milk off germany . 
  so they are not applying for asylum because they want to stay here , they just do it to abuse the system so they can get into europe . 
  acceptable to everyone not from hungary . . yeah no we wo n't be a buffer zone for the rich ` west ' . 
  every country has their own right to process an asylum request . 
  what you linked is just a standard to help member countries . 
  i 'm gon na say it again there are no eu laws that makes countries mandatory to accept refugees otherwise greece and italy would have more than 200 thousand refugees already . 
  also if there would be such a law then merkel would n't want to force quota system upon eu countries . 
  these declarations does n't force countries to accept refugees so we are not breaking any eu or international law . 
  where did i say we all should push them back to greece ? 
  i did n't . 
  i replied to a guy who said we are breaking law but we are n't . 
  actually the ones who are breaking law are the illegal migrants . 
  there are no eu laws that makes countries mandatory to accept refugees . 
  we are not violating any laws about that . 
  orban 's government was mostly at centre position , the most you could call them is centre-right . 
  in fact according to [ dublin regulation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) the ones who applied for asylum in hungary had no right to do so since the first eu country they entered was greece .
