  it gives you a national identity . 
  you share culture , language , history , it 's no wonder that people loves their own nation citizen more than a foreigner . 
  they should n't be even given the chance to work when they entered the country illegally . 
  you are also implying most of them wants to work . 
   as i said before fence wo n't do anything . 
  i said already why the fence will worth it to have :  if the fence will be completed they will be caught before they can break into houses/farms . 
  it wo n't stop them but they will be no longer able to enter the country uncontrolled . 
  you still do n't get it . 
  if the fence will be completed they will be caught before they can break into houses/farms . 
  reinforce our police ? 
  it 's impossible to have them at every fucking house . 
  if they are refugees they can stay in the first safe country . 
  right now that is turkey . 
  after they leave the first safe country in order to get into a richer one they are no longer refugees they are illegal migrants . 
  i know plenty of incidents that they caused . 
  they plunder through agricultural land destroying the livelihood of families who own these lands . 
  stabbings happens quite often . 
  lucikly among themselves but what if one day they start attacking us . 
  they force their ways into farms and they only leave if the police arrives . 
  few weeks ago they [ forced their way into a farm ] ( http://www.delmagyar.hu/szeged_hirek/toroczkai_egy_bevandorlo_csalad_bekoltozott_egy_tanya_udvarara/2436763/ ) where a mother with 2 childs were home alone . 
  she was very scared but asked them to leave . 
  they refused and she had to call the police . 
  they are a threat and we need to protect our citizens . 
  no it 's not manageable . 
  not only refugees will come if you agree to take shitloads of them . 
  a lot of bangladeshi and pakis are also applying for refugee status in hungary and while it is processing they flee to west . 
  they know they do n't get it , they only abuse the system to get into europe . 
  and also why should we take millions of people ? 
  why should we give them housing , food and money ? 
  i have to work for all these things . 
  i worked 200 hours last month . 
  they just illegaly get into europe and they get it for free ? 
  from my tax money ? 
  how fucking fair is it ? 
  the life is not a dream world , we ca n't and we should n't help everyone . 
  i rather give all that money to european homeless and unemployed people . 
  i have no idea ? 
  you are the one talking from thousands of kms away . 
  i live near the border and have to deal with them on a daily basis . 
  are the hungarians who are abroad entered the countries illegaly ? 
  nope . 
  but the migrants are breaking the law by illegally entering countries . 
  they were safe in turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia . 
  the only reason they move to west is because they want to leech on richer countries welfare . 
  they should never get a single penny as illegal migrants . 
  we do n't know if it is a threat ? 
  are you serious ? 
  more than 50000 illegal migrants entered the country last month . 
  they threw away or burned their papers so it 's impossible to id them . 
  they know this way it 's much harder to deport them . 
  even if only 1 % of them are criminals , terrorists , murderers it 's 500 people , and we dont know if they are or not . 
  this is a big threat alone . 
  atleast we are doing something and the fence is scheduled to be completed before 30th of november so right now you have absolutely no idea what effect it will have . 
  the least the fence will do is that atleast we will know where and when and how many of them entered the country . 
  if you are selfish and only care about yourself then yes . 
  but since they are flooding europe and we all live here it affects us all . 
  i 'm happy we still have some politicians who cares about the future of europe . 
  few hundreds in czech republic but thousands in other schengen countries . 
  just yesterday more than 2500 illegal migrants entered hungary . 
  so looks like law doesnt mean anything to you . 
  lets just choose the easier way even if it is illegal . 
  i actually had to deal with aggressive migrants and i even had to call the cops . 
  in fact i have to deal with them on a daily basis cause of my job , and i also live near the border . 
  but atleast i know why there are still some ppl who defends them . 
  they talk from hundreds of kms away from the border like you . 
  oh you saw them a few times at keleti . . that surely was enough to have a reasonable opinion . 
  ofc the illegal way is the easier . 
  i still dont see how can you defend them when they are breaking the law and are acting aggressively . 
  then you know it wrong . 
  they throw away or burn their papers so it 's basically impossible to id them . 
  they do it cause they know its harder to deport them this way . 
  they do n't have to have a passport an id would be enough . 
  if you would move abroad then i 'm pretty sure you would do it legally . 
  but the migrants are crossing over countries illegally . 
  thats a big difference . 
  they are fleeing from their war torn countries . 
  fine , then as i said their goal should be to get out of syria . 
  but their goal is to get into western europe . 
  why dont they stay in turkey ? 
  they should be grateful they let them stay there and they should be happy that their lifes are not in danger anymore . 
  they are not coming to western europe cause their life is in danger , they were safe in turkey . 
  there are hundreds of millions living in poverty . 
  we cant help them all . 
  people who still supports them should realize that migrants are breaking the law . 
  they enter numerous countries illegally . 
  you cant just go to a country illegaly and then expect people to welcome you and give you a job etc. 
  there are millions of europeans who are unemployed . 
  if they want a better life they should work for it . 
  they should educate themselves , learn languages and then apply for a visa . 
  thats how you can enter a country legally . 
  i agree on the influence but not everyone shares the views with the media they read/watch . 
  for example i read both index and origo but im far from the left views . 
  how can they claim to be refugees and then they aggressively force their way in . 
  a true refugee would want to get out from a specific country and not to get into a specific country like they want now . 
  this just shows that they are illegal migrants not refugees . 
  i dont watch tv at all so is tv2 really not left side anymore ? 
  they used to be pro-mszp before the leaked gyurcsany 's speech while rtl klub was pro-fidesz . 
  just to give a serious answer for those who care : most popular media sites in hungary are index , origo , hvg , and 444 . hu and they are all pushing liberal and left values . 
  despite all this i find it amazing how most hungarians are leaning towards the right . 
  we have not been independent since then .
