  there was absolutely no reason to give it to them . 
  honestly i think the [ 1941 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1f/hungary_1941-44_administrative_map.png ) borders were the most fair if we consider the percentage of ethnic people living in their country . 
   and it does n't even matter if they close the border . 
  the migrants never used the official border crossings anyways . 
  they can just travel to the border then walk through it at a field . 
  this is what they have been doing for months at the hungarian-serbian border . 
  this is why we are building the fence so they ca n't just walk through . 
   and yes , they can send them back . 
  in fact , they must by the international agreement . 
  how do they force slovenia and croatia to take them ? 
  how to they force the migrants to go there ? 
  they ca n't send them back . 
  austria just like others transport almost everyone to germany . 
  and it does n't even matter if they close the border . 
  the migrants never used the official border crossings anyways . 
  they can just travel to the border then walk through it at a field . 
  i 'm not going to debate about trianon , but it 's impossible to forget it when it was fucking unfair . 
  back to the topic i think every ethnic hungarian should have the right to have hungarian citizenship if they want to . 
  i do n't see why romanians , slovaks , etc. 
  would care if hungarians living in these countries would have hungarian citizenship too . 
  i would n't mind it if things were reversed . 
   there were serbs , romanian , slovaks , etc. 
  left inside hungary . 
  thousands compared to millions of hungarians . 
  no it was n't a dumb idea . 
  ethnic hungarians have the chance now to get the citizenship fast and easy . 
  they deserve it , it 's not their fault that they were left outside after trianon . 
  they are just as hungarians as the ones who live in post-trianon hungary . 
  how is that funny ? 
  it was mszp and gyurcs\u00e1ny who betrayed the whole hungarian nation by encouraging everyone to vote no in the 2004 referendum . 
  then it was them again who admitted in 2006 that they did nothing for 4 years except lying . 
  you know what is funny ? 
  that they did n't want ethnic hungarians to get citizenship , but now they want to open the borders and they want to let everyone in . 
  i 'm actually not an orb\u00e1n fan . 
  i never voted for fidesz , but i fully support them right now because our identity , future and nation is in danger . 
  our problem with croatia is not that they are dumping the migrants at our borders . 
  serbia did the same since day 1 . 
  but unlike serbia , croatia or atleast their government criticised us and claimed that they will handle the situation much better than us , they will enforce the eu laws and will help and register everyone . 
  and after 2 days they totally collapsed . 
  the fucking hypocrisy is what is annoying . 
  just answer honestly please . 
  do you seriously think the previous traitor gyurcs\u00e1ny 's government was better ? 
  only the [ outer ] ( http://m.cdn.blog.hu/sz/szeka/image/pengeskerites20.jpg ) fence made up of three rows of razor wire was completed . 
  now they are working on the main fence . 
  difference is we registered a good percentage of them . 
  while croatia collapsed in 2 days and gave up enforcing any laws , they just mass transport everyone to us . 
  the fence will be completed at the hungarian-croatian border soon . 
  quotas wo n't solve shit . 
  let 's say all countries agree to distribute 160k refugees . 
  then what ? 
  do the ones already on their way will turn back ? 
  do others will stop coming ? 
  obviously no . 
  then the 160k will be 320k then 600k etc. . we will never accept this nonsense . 
  we have to protect our borders . 
  maybe serbia could try it too instead of just transporting them to other countries then claim how humanitarian they are . 
  they fucked up real hard . 
  they entered hungary with a train full of migrants and police . 
  this is basically an invade . 
  if they just want to get rid of them they should have done what serbia is doing . 
  just transport them to the border then let them walk through . 
  they arrested the train engineer/driver not the conductor . 
  stop spreading bullshit just cause you do n't like him . 
  your flair makes it obvious that you are biased as fuck . 
  he 's not any less democratic than our previous ( traitor ) government . 
  nah , read the comments about hungary on bbc 's facebook or check the guardian comments . 
  only the liberal media shits on us . 
  atleast thanks for [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=4&amp;v=w20rt0lqcl8 ) . 
  zoran milanovic previously criticised us for building the fence and claimed that croatia will handle the situation much better . 
  now after 2 days it looks like to me that they ca n't handle shit . 
  he 's now criticising greece for not protecting the schengen borders , and also accused the greek goverment that they are doing it as a revenge against germany and europe . 
  the croatian ministry of interior now thinking about closing the border with the army . 
  wtf is going on ? 
  it 's not the gypsies who kept to themselves , much like others avoided them . 
  no sane people would mix with them . 
  we should n't because the eu and the life are n't a charity org . 
  you should realize that majority of them are not coming because of wars . 
  `` they are people and we need to help them '' will you say the same when millions will come ? 
  they will too demand things . 
  we ca n't and should n't help everyone . 
  because we are closer . 
  for the croatian ppl me too . 
  but i ca n't for the country . 
  the croatian police now started transporting migrants to the hungarian-croatian border . 
  we will build the fence till the drava river . 
  there are more than 4000 soldiers at the border and they are actually building it very fast like 10km/day . 
  btw the illegal migrants who were caught at the hungarian-croatian border told the police that the croatian police led them to hungary . 
  i do n't know about serbia or now croatia but in hungary most ppl are pissed because of them . 
  they leave trash everywhere , as they wander through they destroy soils , they sometimes even throw away food etc. . 
  they are mostly in villages/towns that are near the border . 
  they wo n't get trapped . 
  these border controls does n't mean shit since they never used the official border crossings . 
  they can still just travel to the border then cross it illegally at a field . 
  official data from the office of immigration and nationality . 
  between 1st of january and 25th of august 157 000 illegal migrants entered hungary , 133 585 of them applied for asylum . 
  heres a list of migrants sorted by their nationality : * 33 % syrian * 27 % afghan * 18 % kosovian * 9 % pakistanis * 4 % iraqian * 2 % bangladeshi * 1 % iranian * 1 % congolese * 1 % palestinian * 1 % nigerian * 3 % other [ source ] ( http://alfahir.hu/megtudtuk_innen_jonnek_a_bevandorlok ), 
  the train was going to sopron , noone told them it was going to austria . 
  they just figured it out that sopron is close to the border so hundreds rushed it . 
  i know . 
  they do the same in hungary .
