well you can take train to st. petersburg \u00b4 and then to tallinn , but it would take three times as long as your average ferry and cost helluva lot more . 
  pretty much only reason to travel eastbound is if you actually want to go to russia . 
  yes please . 
  that 's just about enough time to leave from folkestone , uk and drive through france , belgium , netherlands and germany to john f. kennedy avenue in luxembourg . 
  or leave from trieste , italy and go through slovenia , croatia , bosnia and serbia to hungary . 
  can finland into vikings ? 
  brain fart . 
  but we tax it like crazy motherfuckers . 
  it 's the southernmost region of sweden , historically contested between danes and swedes for hundreds of years . 
  not to mention digging holes and stealing `` beware of moose '' signs . 
  nah , not enough bars . 
  it 's because swedish has never been removed as our 2nd national language , so those handful of people speaking swedish have a right to speak in swedish and expect us to accommodate them . 
  and every service provider in whole country has obligation to do so . 
  and the reason why it has n't been removed as national language is that people who still speak swedish in finland are absurdly rich compared to the rest of us , and nobody in the government wants to lift a finger against them . 
   i do n't think its necessery for anyone else to learn it ( at least not mandatory in school ) . 
  tell that to our politicians . . 
  it 's absolutely useless skill for 99 % of finns , yet every single one of us has to study swedish for years at end . 
  and in the end we 'll just use english with you guys anyway . 
  i 'd have much rather filled that spot in my curriculum with something more useful , like spanish . 
  or french . 
  or russian or chinese or japanese or korean or portugal or italian or arabic or hindi or . . 
  * stares at belgian snob with knife in his hand and murderous rage in his eyes *, 
  finnish policy of not taking official stance on matters of history makes us look bad on maps like this :(, 
  you 'll never take our boozelandia !, 
  well , finding a finn might be harder . 
  then again , who 'd want to find us . . e : typo, 
  tell you what , once we snatch scotland you guys can come too . 
  estonia , has to be . 
  they 're still butthurt we wo n't let them in . 
  finland is still 1st !, 
  wait . . fuck . 
  thank you , brother . 
  norway probably is n't looking for annexation right now , but we 'll take it . 
  lots of ore and draftees for karelian reconquest . 
  i suggest that we finns do n't join the mainforce , but instead ski our way to north of the main theater . 
  there ought to be reinforcements coming , so we need to set up and confiscate some vodka and logs for counterattack and presto !, 
  nobody gets through alive . 
  you 're right , everything does n't . 
  but / u/p __ z was n't talking about everything , just houses . 
  and i 'm pretty sure having everybody housed is tad bit more important than everybody having a tv . 
  true , all true . 
  that 's why carriers are ( almost ) never deployed alone , but with a whole fleet of different kinds of escort vessels surrounding it . 
  of course no system is foolproof , and sometimes carriers will be sunk , taking billions of dollars of investment with it . 
  but without the carrier the whole fleet is extremely vulnerable to enemy air superiority , and you 're at risk of losing everything you 've deployed . 
  and once you lose the seas , you 're done for . 
  kind of . 
  they 're already strong enough to wipe almost anybody off the board , but with lack of aircraft carriers and partially obsolete airforce their armed forces are n't a global player yet . 
  give it couple of years . 
  but of course it is , reddit never lies . 
  it 's in the internet , after all . 
  how dare you fly that flag ? 
  oh no , swedes like dicks . 
  balls are manly . 
  round = good . 
  and aye , it 's crappy sometimes . 
  we should file a petition to move finland to north sea and lodge it between uk and holland to create land-bridge . 
  mucho money guaranteed . 
  well i like it . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  our kind speaks too little to have memorable quotes . 
  well , at least you 're not andorran . 
  not to mention that the protesters are a bunch of disgruntled civvies , while police is , well , police . 
  excessive force and all that mumbo jumbo . 
  not that i approve molotovs from anyone , except when thrown at tank vents . 
   this is an elected government with a mandate and they have the right to enact any policy they see fit . 
  [ * any * policy they see fit ? 
  well that ai n't catchy at all . 
  [ what do you mean finnish is hard ? 
  ] ( http://sironawolf.deviantart.com/journal/what-do-you-mean-finnish-is-hard-412484980 ), 
  i agree . 
  however , i was n't really thinking about our politicians fear for democracy as much as about their fear for their own diplomatic power . 
  i wonder what established powers within eu think about ukraine joining eu . . with 44 million inhabitants ukraine would immediately rise to position of power as eu distributes power depending on population , and i ca n't help but think that germany , france et cetera would be itchy of ceding any more power to the eastern europe . 
  that sounds about right according to my facebook feed and t-shirt stands in south-helsinki . 
  it 's not that i 'd think you 're poor , it 's that you beat us . 
  with measly $ 3 : c * puts on tin foil hat *, 
  goddammit france !, 
  did you baguettes cook your books or what ? 
  that 's is true , of course , and i do n't predict english to fade away for a long long time . 
  but we 're talking about entirety of human future , which hopefully is longer than our past . 
  we 've been unable to predict things with any notable accuracy 100 years in the future , not to even mention 1000 or more . 
  i 'd genuinely be surprised if english is primary language spoken around gliese 876 in 7500 years . 
  to be honest , i 'd be surprised if any of our current languages even exist then . 
  then again , here i go predicting things right after saying it 's prohibitively difficult . 
  we 've already had latin , greek , french , german and spanish tried , chinese and japanese in the east etc etc. 
  all of them rose to dominance when their respective countries did , and all of them faded away with those countries . 
  english has gotten an extension time with usa being mainly english speaking , but mighty ` murica too , will fade in time . 
  maybe 200 years from now people all over the world will be picking up chinese for easier communication with economic and militaristic pole of the world , and within couple more generations english will be dropped to same level as spanish or german today . 
  or maybe comrade putin will liberate us all and we will find joy of russian lingual superiority . 
  or we finally learn how to teach human languages to machines , and get hooked up with real time translators and international language will become a thing of history books . 
  or maybe xtn ` lft-njyuyt will uplift our puny race tomorrow and teach us galactic standard in the progress . 
  only thing you can be sure of when predicting anthropological future in such a broad strokes , and without an expiration date on the claim , is that you will be wrong . 
  well , if it 's real vodka ( 80 % ) it probably would n't . 
  but drink a glass of water afterwards and you 're dead . 
  novice , you claim it 's for a wedding or something . 
  as long as you 're not getting money for it , it 's legal . 
  nah , the ignorant worry too . 
  just about different things . 
  no no , that 's kraut humor . 
  finnish humor is either incredibly dark , racist , generally offensive or all of the above . 
  agreed .
