  public pressure is not that high . 
  yes , there are some misguided people running around waving signs with mistakes on them , but overall the government is supported . 
  concerning the csu , they wo n't exit the coalition . 
  why ? 
  because the only result for them of doing so is losing power . 
  also , it would n't change a thing for the coalition , csu is not needed . 
  in fact , i would support them leaving the coalition , i 'd enjoy their power being cut . 
  yes , it is an all time low . 
  and i think that is understandable since the current situation is not the most comfortable . 
  however , i believe that there is no political figure in germany that could handle the situation better ( not saying this is perfect ) . 
  just my opinion . 
  as it is my opinion that pegida is misguided . 
  yes , it is their right to have an issue . 
  and it is their right to speak freely about it . 
  as it is my right to disagree with it . 
  however , it is not their right to call for violence against politicians or any other person . 
  about consultation , the german law allows referendums and their kind in very rare cases . 
  remember : mexico = !, 
  spain . 
  what ? 
  edit : how ? 
  why ? 
  alright , my parents brought those from their holiday in reunion . 
  the top ( edit : bottom ) one should be some palm originally from cuba if i 'm not mistaken ( ? ), 
  could you please help me identify them ? 
  and second bonus question , can i grow them in middle europe or is the climate just to cold here ? 
  thanks , any help is appreciated , 
  edit : changed bottom to top, 
  we checked again with pictures and a book , it 's bauhinia monandra . 
  thanks anyway , 
  that 's great , thanks a lot !, 
  you know what they say about pineapple on pizza , right ? 
  what else would you expect ? 
  beautiful . 
  no ideas . 
  but i appreciate your work . 
  as i am not that long into bouldering yet i am often looking for such videos showing me some technical advice . 
  talking about the weak bloodline and not surging the winter and stuff, 
  well bravery does n't automatically save lives . 
  it helps , it 's no guarantee though, 
  edit : spelling, 
  ohne kick-off . 
  and those people seeing that coming think nothing of it ? 
  like `` oh there 's a huge wall of clouds coming , looks like something some people would call a horrible storm . 
  lets go for a swim , what a lovely time '', 
  wtf ? 
  i thought his facial expression went like this because he was worried about his camera , not because he was hit that badly, 
  since it is my rest week i 'll go for an easy 5-8 km today and another 10-13 km tomorrow at 80 % of race-pace . 
  training for my first marathon in may , just signed up , wish me luck , 
  thanks man . 
  german winter is n't that bad . 
  for me it is easier to put on another shirt than running in the bright summer sun . 
  is that coffee made with redbull and vodka instead of water ? 
  i 'm not sure whether to call you a genius or an animal . . 
  edit : missing word, 
  battery is quite good , yes . 
  i am in year 4 and my battery health is at about 82 % ( 482 cycles ) . 
  for the memory , i 've replaced one 2gb with an 8gb so now i have 10 . i know , 2 +8 isnt perfect . 
  but the upgrade to 16 is cheaper now . 
  works great , i have about 20-30 safari tabs open , 5 pages documents , itunes , mail and if i need it i open ms word and acrobat pro to finish some documents . 
  no problem , everything is smooth . 
  about the cases . 
  i had a black one . 
  i think one of those little bars on the side broke so it would n't hold to well . 
  hence , dust and stuff would get between case and macbook . 
  not cool !!, 
  but if you dont break your case you should be fine . 
  about the other question i cant give you a proper answer . 
  i hope i could help with your desicion . 
  although , one more thing . 
  i bought my macbook pro 13.3 in 2012 ( still non retina ) , invested about 50 euros in ram and around 200 euros in a 500gb ssd , so i come to around 1250-1300 over the years ( including student discount ) . 
  i have to say , i am perfectly fine with my mbp and the new ones are just crazy expensive . 
  yes , they do have retina and they are lighter . 
  but thats it . 
  if you want more ram and a 500gb ssd its just insane ( alright , this might be a bit over the top , but you get my point ), 
  i did n't know about that . 
  but seems okay i guess . 
  mine went down to about 90 % in the first 2 years and now its going up and down between 82 and 87 . 
  compared to the laptop i had before this is amazing . 
  it was a samsung and it was quite good the first 18 month or so , then it took the battery about 5 month to a stage were it would work about 20min without charging . 
  are there statistics about how many people die while doing videos like that ? 
  anyone any idea ? 
  so all wrapped in plastic , some pictures hanging around , clean tools ? 
  thats a good environment for brewing i would say . 
  well it depends on the pictures , could be weird . 
  also , i dont know why you need so many different knifes . 
  yes you did . 
  such a nice beard :(, 
  that was my first thought . 
  alright , after reading just the headline my first thought was `` you will look stupid . 
  but who cares ? 
  everybody will look stupid . 
  do it if you want to . '', 
  after reading your story , i 'll stick with do it . 
  risking finishing last or close to it . 
  still , who cares ? 
  what will happen ? 
  you will be so damn happy you made it !, 
  when i ran my first race this year i knew i would make it , however the feeling of finishing a race is so much better than just running a random distance by yourself . 
  so do it .
