  alright , i ca n't figure out how i can edit the non existing description on my phone . 
  so here it goes : that 's my new try to make some cold drip coffee . 
  it 's running for about an hour now . 
  and i am expecting great cold drip in the morning !, 
  parts of it are from my granddad 's office , he was a doctor . 
  you think that is funny ? 
  that 's the base for my disbelief in humanity . 
  why are people too lazy to move their f ** cking finger ? 
  is that cool ? 
  wtf ? 
  your not 12 and it is not smoking !, 
  well i get where you are coming from . . 
  i will definitely not do that every day . 
  it 's fun to try it though . . 
  edit : and there is a difference between good and bad coffee . 
  nice . 
  i am not as stupid as i thought !, 
  that 's why you start it at night so it 's ready in the morning  it is almost eleven at night here in germany , coffee started around 8-ish , will be done for breakfast , 
  it is quite concentrated . 
  so you heat it with hot water . 
  or you use it as kind of a syrup . . 
  let 's say wan na be nerd . 
  it 's my 3rd try and i do n't expect it to be exceptionally good anyway . . 
  alright , i tried looking around and couldnt find any way how to save the whole image at once . 
  is there any ? 
  sorry , but proof ? 
  proof about you joining the program would suffice . 
  i cant imagine that students would be send to space . 
  if so , thats awesome !, 
  thanks , the headline is enough already . 
  i just couldnt believe that students were send to space !, 
  thats really cool !, 
  why ? 
  i was n't questioning the story itself , i just could n't believe that students are sent to space . 
  i was proven wrong , so i accept his story . 
  excuse this question in case it seems dumb for you , but does this work with apps too or just files ? 
  since lion i have just updated the system rather than doing a fresh install just because i was afraid to lose the apps . 
  he 's our neighbours cat and i 've tried to gain his trust for about a year now . 
  last night he just came an sat on my lap for a bit . 
  selfie or portrait ? 
  sorry to ask , but do you have a metric version you 'd like to share by any chance ? 
  i 'd appreciate very much . 
  and thanks to op in any case already !, 
  i 'll just leave this here : https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3ottmm/people_are_getting_shot_by_toddlers_on_a_weekly/ ? 
  edit : thats not my full argument . 
  i dont feel the need to replicate thoughts of others though . 
  also different skincolor . 
  which basically is a weapon . 
  isnt it ? 
  i believe that 's right . 
  however violence coming from police officers against non-whites is quite often in the news ( or on reddit ), 
  again , i believe your right . 
  what makes it a bit sad . 
  i mean , how many nice and positive gestures of police officers are there i dont know about ? 
  probably a lot . 
  and thanks for the video , honestly . 
  impressive numbers . 
  i didnt know that . 
  however , comparing murders and rapes with acts of violance coming from people who are supposed to prevent those and to protect seems a bit odd to me . 
  it almost seems like this video wants me to cheer every time a police officer decides not to rape somebody ( a bit exaggerating here , please dont take it too serious ) . 
  i would go with the smaller size . 
  what do i do with a that 2oz if i do n't like it ? 
  yes , it is relatively cheaper , still in absolute terms more money goes to waste in case i do n't want it . 
  he 's my neighbours cat . 
  it took me year of playing around before he would decide that my lap is good enough the sit on . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  however , i 'd still prefer a smaller size for testing a new oil, 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't because of the sign in . 
  could you add me to the list please ? 
  great , thanks, 
  i did n't know gedanken experiment is an english expression . 
  is there no word for it in the english language than that ? 
  how so ? 
  how and why ? 
  there 's no connection to 9/11 . 
  it 's the porsche 911 . 
  hello there , i am german and i live here . 
  i have been to different cities in the last week , and let me assure you , i have not seen something like that . 
  not last week , not ever . 
  that can not used as an example for the average german city . 
  that ca n't be healthy right ? 
  in your opinion , which german politician would have handled the situation better ? 
  please be realistic , that 's an honest question . 
  and please do n't get this wrong , i do n't want to say that merkel chose the perfect way to go . 
  on the other hand , i do n't know which way would be the `` right '' way . 
  sorry , i can not accept that . 
  i know , everybody is free to have their own opinion and free speech and stuff . 
  i can accept the idea that not everybody who claimed to be a refugee really is one , but i 'd bet 90 + % are . 
  and those people need help and there i want to refer to our first article in the grundgesetz and the un human rights charter and simple respect for ( human ) life . 
  this !, 
  ( upvote was n't enough ), 
  well of course it would my life as i know it . 
  for example , now i can see , that 's how i know life , with the ability to see . 
  when going blind , well i ca n't see anymore but i am not dead . 
  hence , life different than i know it . 
  apart from that smart ass answer , i guess i would adjust well . 
  i mean i think i could n't go out for a run anymore , but a treadmill will do the trick . 
  i guess i would figure out how to enjoy life without seeing . 
  meh i do n't think so .
