  do you have an how to ? 
  thank you !, 
  totally !, 
  i love my baking stone !, 
  best pizza ever !, 
  kind of makes you hate frozen pizza . 
  edit : typo, 
  just made this on saturday, 
  that 's mashed roasted zucchini with some yogurt and the usual spices . 
  if you like zucchini you should try it !, 
  my first guess would say austria rather than australia . . 
  the point is not just that a cow drinks a lot of water . 
  how do you think the plants grow the cow is eating ? 
  now you may say `` does it really matter whether cow or i eat the soybeans ? '', 
  yes it does . 
  a dish full of soybeans is enough for you . 
  for one steak how many dishes of soybeans are needed ? 
  ( i actually have no idea but i 'd bet it 's a lot more than one ), 
  should be alt + return, 
  this is why you teach your kids not to throw stuff in doors !, 
  its always fun until something breaks . 
  i mean , yes , broken urn is bad , but is it really your fault ? 
  i wouldnt say so . 
  why would i ? 
  i mean , what makes you think somebody who does n't eat meat would eat , well , meat ? 
  fair enough . 
  i see a lot of `` yes , so damn easy ! '', 
  but i would say no . 
  most likely i would n't be much better then i was . 
  why ? 
  first i know a lot of the stuff i learned , or should have learned , i wo n't need in the future . 
  with that knowledge not studying is not lazy anymore , it 's calculated efficiency . 
  second : probably i would feel bored during class , homework and studying since i know most of it already . 
  hence , i would n't focus and make a lot of mistakes just because i did n't pay attention . 
  i mean , retaking one course just to nail it , that might work . 
  but years of doing the same again ? 
  i could n't do that . 
  would feel like such a waste of time . 
  even if i decided to engage in some club or work or whatever ever , school would take time . 
  so why half-ass the job when i could do it full-time and gain more valuable experience ? 
  i love your socks !, 
  they complete the whole outfit !, 
  and btw , there should be something like suit-shorts . 
  oh that was just the worst . 
  i always thought there was something wrong with my display, 
  i like that measure . 
  to be honest , i would be confused if someone walked by the office in suit shorts . 
  i like that !, 
  that should become a thing again !, 
  an german , never heard eg schnitzel with red cabbage . 
  sounds weird to me . 
  in germany it 's mostly served with fries or potato salad . 
  and , i know it will make you happy , in germany you have to write `` schnitzel wiener art '' if it 's not a real wiener schnitzel . 
  how dare you call wheat beer ale ? 
  ale is awful and wheat beer is the best !, 
  there are actually different techniques to eat a wei\u00dfwurst . 
  try to avoid the fight about it though . 
  you can suck it out , but there are ways to peel it , or you also can eat the skin . 
  sweet !!, 
  thanks i 'll check it out . 
  i do n't care what my boss is going to say , she 's no duke of nothing !, 
  expecially no duke !, 
  this where i could n't hold it . 
  had to laugh . 
  my mom just looked at me confused . 
  normally at this hour ( 6:15 ) at breakfast i do n't make sound except for `` good morning '' . 
  thanks for the good start in the day !, 
  you 're probably right . 
  but i am not a morning person and breakfast for me is about 10 minutes . 
  i enjoy dinner with my parents though . 
  if i had a more permanent job i would n't stay at my parents anyway . 
  i kind of miss living alone, 
  so dissapointing right ? 
  i always thought everybody , or at least most , who is older than i am is wiser than me . 
  well no !, 
  lots of people are amateurs and do n't know shit . 
  i am not saying i am wise or even wiser , i am just saying that i expected more, 
  with dissappointing i mean that i always looked up to my parents and basically every `` grown up '' . 
  now that i consider myself grown up all those people lose their magical wisdom and everybody just stumbles through life . 
  yes , i know we all live the first time and have no experience and everyday is a new day . 
  but still , in my childhood grown ups seemed like they all have a plan and follow some more or less straight line . 
  so that is what i tried to prepare myself for during my adolescence . 
  but no , everybody just follows a vague idea and life is basically a trial and error process and nobody actually has a clue . 
  kind of a liberating but also realizing i will probably never be that kind of person i imagined me to become . 
  i see what you mean with the last step of realising that there is no final stage at `` growing up '' may actually be the last stage . 
  maybe i am not there yet . . 
  that was kind of a dick move , firing people over a salad . 
  i know it feels bad , still not your fault . 
  you even said you 're going to pay for it later . . 
  may work the same way for your 12th . 
  not sure yet , i am working on proving that . 
  i hate to disappoint you , but probably write a note to friends and family . . 
  but ... how do people handle those issues ? 
  you ca n't be the first with that experience . 
  lets take that as a yes, 
  i eat chickpeas separately and peal them in my mouth one by one . 
  i like that , friends get annoyed by that , apparently it looks weird or , as they say , disgusting and it takes ages for me to finish a chickpea curry . 
  so you 're saying op got a booby trapped coffee can ? 
  well yes , but is that plan for every morning ? 
  have a shower , open coffee cup , wash face again ?
