  still not a good feeling , much better that 5 years ago though . 
  i often think in english , i am german though . 
  i do n't even know why , maybe because i lived in the uk for a year ( 2013/2014 ) . 
  on the other hand , the rest of my life i live ( d ) in germany . 
  so thats odd . 
  you 're saying that some growth in the past may be attributed to the increase in chicken consumption . 
  that sounds very interesting . 
  do you know of any scientific study on that ? 
  tbh i am currently thinking of a phd project and something in that area could be really interesting . 
  nice , now i have a starting point for my phd . 
  i will mention you in the acknowledgements in the case i can really do such a study !, 
  how did you take that picture ? 
  both your hands are in it !, 
  i do n't like that you say `` seem taller / more masculine '' implying that being shorter is less masculine . 
  i have to agree with u/murfdigidy on this , just be confident . 
  do n't see your height as a factor of your masculinity . 
  at least thats how i `` deal '' with it . 
  it is only a problem if you make in one . 
  well , line 3 and 4 might help you coping with the loss . 
  works with videos too . 
  lpt : do step 3 and 4 the way that the lose end is outside the loop not within . 
  works exactly the same way . 
  german berliner are not filled with chocolate !, 
  that is just wrong . 
  you might fill it with chocolate but then it is everything but a berliner . 
  dude , i am vegetarian , i appreciate good food though , especially pizza . 
  so i do n't mind people eating meat on pizza . 
  who am i to judge , right ? 
  but mayo ? 
  that is awful . 
  that 's like pizza-rape . 
  on a class outing in about seventh grade we had a small house for about 5-6 guys and there was a tv in the living room . 
  so as the pervy 13 year olds we decided it is a pretty good idea watching those half - nude commercials at night which we considered porn . 
  we were dressed all the time but the was no need to question what was going on during individual bathroom breaks . . 
  so that was kind of a party , i guess . . 
  well . . my best friend is my sisters ex bf ( ex bf before we became best friends ) and he is pretty cool about the relations i had with his sister . 
  however , i had difficulties `` confessing '' about those relations . . 
  how about that ? 
  thats the thrill you get from it !, 
  do n't you have underground parking garages with multiple floors where ever you are ? 
  how would you `` name '' them other than negative numbers ? 
  i think that is kind of nice . 
  obviously it is not literally the same company , it is the same but about 70 years later . 
  and the important part : they produced something that is supposed to protect a memorial to remember those horrible things . 
  they are taking a step back from 70 year old actions and are now actually helping . 
  yes , they are profiting but thats business , that is how capitalism works . 
  you provide a service and you get payed for it . 
  edit : so apparently it was donated . 
  that makes it even better . 
  happy to hear that !, 
  helping is an insult now ? 
  and as i said , just because the company is technically the same , their philosophy might have and most likely has changed dramatically over the past years . 
  and yes , even if they donated it , it can not make up for death . 
  but nothing can do that . 
  that does n't mean they should n't try . 
  mean . 
  but also very funny . 
  i just came back from lunch . 
  ate nothing alike . 
  still feel like never eating again . 
  i like the part about caring less due to dead brain cells . 
  so `` shooting them dead '' means staying calm ? 
  i do n't get that logic . . 
  it 's just eggplant , mozzarella and parmesan . 
  i like it simple . 
  yes your right . 
  i 've done it on the bbq , so there was little way to change something . 
  i usually give the crust some time before putting on the sauce and stuff . 
  maybe i should n't wait that long . . 
  what is wrong with me ? 
  last night and just now i read `` magnetic spider holders '' and both times i was like `` what the hell is a magnetic spider holder ? 
  why would you want to hold a spider with a magnet ? 
  magnets are awesome , yes , they are my hobby , but why hold spiders with it ? '', 
  kind of sad that such a gesture deserves a medal . 
  i mean yes , this person does , but only because we expect most people to just keep the wallet . 
  i know what you feel like , it is so awesome when you get a call from the police that somebody found your wallet and he did n't want reward , but just a thank you - call . 
  that is what happend to me , i was happy to give that guy a call and spend about 20 mins on the phone with him rather than standing in line for ours to get a new id card , new license , credit card etc. 
  i dont really remember . 
  but i did almost last night when watching the news report about refugees and the stupid and awefully xenophobic actions of some people here in germany ( cant really say something about other countries ) . 
  seriously , we are quite wealthy and there are standing houses around completly unused . 
  why cant we stay some people in need there ? 
  at least for some time , most / a lot of them will be send back anyway . 
  why not give them a chance to rest ? 
  please dont get me wrong , a lot of us germans are pretty helpful ( i guess ) and welcoming , but those few burning down houses are enough to destroy just saved lifes again . 
  why ? 
  whats different about them ? 
  and also , you picked a special kind as a general example . 
  those are extra thick , there are thin ones too . . 
  i dont think we have curly fries though . . never seen that . . on the other hand i am not a big frozen-fries-guy . 
  so maybe we do have them here and i just dont know about them . . 
  oh i totally see that now , sorry . 
  i stopped reading after `` dicke fritte '' although , now that i think of it , that could have sounded funny as well . 
  for the lazy ones, 
  not even the same type of boat . 
  this is a trimaran , the last americas cup was sailed on a catamaran ( the next too btw ) #, 
  and they are allowed to tinker around at the boats , team oracle had a slightly faster boat than the kiwis . 
  lived there for a year . 
  never checked them out . 
  now i am sad . 
  ( and i knew they were there . . stupid , i know ),
