  if it bores you , is it really a nightmare ? 
  that 's so weird . 
  i saw this a few days ago on reddit linked to some french newspaper i think , but it took me about 10-15 minutes to find it in german news . 
  why did they not report on that ? 
  i mean it 's nothing to be ashamed of and still , living in the middle of germany i had to find out from a french newspaper . 
  well yes , military is not a big deal . 
  but i think 31000h for the environment is kind of big deal , is n't it ? 
  and in german politics it 's actually good to do something against the military . 
  so it 's basically a double win for mrs hendricks . . 
  just a little confused , that 's all . . 
  i am the same guy !, 
  things are fascinating !, 
  you need to know all that random shit !, 
  this is how policemen work in normal civilised countries . . 
  that is so nice of you !, 
  i hate it when people ask me without actually caring . 
  well technically it is from her and simultaneously it is not . 
  and at the same time this is true for a text from your friend . 
  putting that together you have both , two and zero texts . 
  correct me if i am wrong . . 
  since you know it 's dead you can check whether it was caused by the poison or by fucking dave, 
  possibly . 
  alright , i can live with that . 
  i guess hearing the notification does not eqaul observing a box . 
  i like your commitment !, 
  probably true for a lot of countries . 
  i can only speak for germany , here its almost the same, 
  what really helped me , especially during winter , was a light which turns automatically . 
  your body senses the light and tricks your brain into day-mode . 
  its like a simulated sunrise , only quicker . 
  and then a shower works for me , try taking a cold shower , you 'll be awake after that . 
  one way for me is not to sit down when i come home . 
  usually when i come home i just change into running cloths . 
  do n't give yourself a chance to relax . 
  and then , i am using a running app which also shows statisitics . 
  usually i try to run about 30-40 km per week , if it is more i am fine . 
  if it is less i ask myself why . 
  for example , this week i went bouldering on sunday , monday and tuesday . 
  so i needed to rest yesterday . 
  probably i wo n't run 30km this week , but i worked out enough anyway . 
  what i am trying to say is :, 
  1 . do n't get too comfortable if you plan to run later, 
  2 . set an achievable weekly goal , maybe try to compete with your last week 's self, 
  3 . do n't get too competitive, 
  alright , there are those fancy $ 200 things , i do n't have one of those . 
  they actually simulate a sunrise . 
  what i have is a time switch and a normal desk lamp . 
  in this case `` simulate sunrise '' means turning it on ( and off ) at a set time . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  now i van have breakfast with a smile, 
  do n't try to save 10 cents on an espresso . 
  bad coffee is just a waste . 
  so if you know a better coffee place nearby which is just slightly more expensive , go there anyway . 
  good coffee gives you a smile , bad coffee just ruins the day . 
  edit : that does n't mean that cheap = bad and expensive = good, 
  i like that !, 
  i would say food would be a good start . 
  then probably vet . 
  its nice how siri considers such little and common mistakes , 
  why germany ? 
  that 's a valid point . 
  i do n't know about the quality of technical unis in other countries , but germany does have some good ones i guess, 
  also true . 
  have n't been to berlin to party yet , but we like beer , 
  well you 're not buying stuff , you are donating and they will send you a thank you note in form of a salad . . 
  otherwise basically everything you `` buy '' via crowdfunding is expensive . . 
  when using a sharp knife i often feel the urge to cut my tongue . 
  i usually but down the knife when this feeling comes up . 
  well , that 's possible , yes . . 
  i like b11 and/or b7 . 
  they have something . . 
  edit : you 're awesome btw , thanks ( althogh i might be late , just thanking you for the gesture ), 
  the authors of that newspaper and spider-man seem to like the dallas cowboys . 
  i mean , they 're mentioning it a lot !, 
  so you got accepted for an advanced level without proving to know the basics ? 
  you 're title just won tifu . 
  not so sure about germany . . 
  you 're right , sorry . 
  i meant to write `` you 're winning ... '' and changed it . 
  i feel embarrassed, 
  definitley wireless . 
  cleaning is not that bad . 
  especially when there ar no cables are lying aroung, 
  well . . its just about 22 years , not 70 . . 
  do you really think veto-country is actually holding the eu together ? 
  i personally think it will last a long while . 
  the question is much rather in what form . 
  will countries give up more sovereignty to form a stronger union ? 
  or will it become a pointless agreement just to tell the world its a union ? 
  it is way too comfortable for politicians to play union and have some small benefits for the people when you do n't really know what would happen if that changed . 
  alright , i see your point . 
  especially with the already rising popularity in such parties . 
  however , i do n't think it will go ( if at all ) that quickly . 
  maybe eu will become even weaker . 
  but stuff like the schengen agreement are huge positive points in europe / eu . 
  i am on my way home from my companies summer party . 
  and as i was dancing to the music i thought i am going to enjoy the 30 + parties . 
  i am 24 . 
  i even danced to the back street boys . 
  i did so the first time i believe .
