  this is so ... confusing . 
  what makes the stuff ` orgreenic ' ? 
  additional question : any details on exposure ? 
  and lens ? 
  i am planing to take some similar pictures and every hint on equipment and how-to is welcome , 
  oh wow , thanks a lot !, 
  i will check that out , thanks . 
  thats a weird banana . 
  i have some m , they are great . 
  i also had a voucher for a tie , it 's one of my better ones . 
  i 've got a simple solution for putting the phone in an unusable state . 
  its called off . 
  seriously ? 
  how does that work ? 
  edit : what about airplane mode ? 
  does that help ? 
  when i eat spicy i tend to want a beer . 
  also when i had some beer i tend to use more chili than usual . 
  sorry mate . . 
  i believe sap developed that tracking stuff in germany ( correct me if i am wrong ) . . 
  also streaming and tracking is used at kiel week the last few years , like 4 or 5 . . 
  still awesome though, 
  oh thanks !, 
  and i will make sure to get some nice pictures to post here, 
  thanks for your response . 
  i am planning to do an ama not sure when though . 
  maybe after a few weeks and/or close to the end of my stay . 
  if i get some bouldering - related stories and pictures i 'll post them here . 
  are you asking for advice ? 
  i would check out trailers and look how many votes there are . 
  if there are less then say 100 it 's not really representative . 
  and i would probably watch it anyway unless there are other reasons not to . 
  in the end of the day i like to make my own decisions . 
  yes , based on information but not as a slave of one single ( potentially bad ) statistic based on some people 's favours . 
  so probably yes . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i 'll be in rwanda in about 10 days . 
  pm me the address and i 'll see what i can do for you and you 'll get a second postcard from rwanda, 
  alright , cheers . 
  i think i will check out the situation first and decide then if i need more protection . 
  okay thanks . 
  i guess i should stop worrying . 
  may i ask why you do this long trip every month ? 
  but he was not . . 
  can i just quickly ask one question about travelling to rwanda ? 
  how strict are the rules on plastic bags ? 
  can i use re-usable zip-lock bags in my luggage for stuff like shampoo ? 
  okay , those were two questions . 
  i apologize, 
  i like your post . 
  one remark though : black women and white men are still the same race as we all are homo sapiens . 
  what you mean is skin colour . 
  apparently i am taking the wrong busses here in kigali . 
  never saw anything close to cashless payment . 
  sorry , i 'll claim eastern africa from rwanda , 
  edit : just for 6 months though . 
  i am surprised i had to scroll down to find the creepy rule . . 
  i did n't mean a creepy rule but the creepy rule . 
  okay , urban dictionary calls it the creepiness rule : http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=standard+creepiness+rule, 
  i know this too well . 
  afterwards i check how long the hair was by pulling on both ends . 
  then i too feel bad for slowly destroying my beard . 
  i had times , maybe a year or one and a half ago , when it was a nervous habit and i really got some holes in my beard from it . 
  i hated it . 
  i got over it , now it 's just sometimes one or two hairs when i am bored . 
  still not good though . 
  dude , you do not look happy at all !, 
  to your question , i just trimmed them yesterday , they are way shorter than on my chin now . 
  and apart from that my routine is pretty the same as yours : daily oil and combing, 
  i guess they should be somewhere around 14-16mm now increasing towards the chin . 
  for comarison , at my chin they are up to 4cm i guess . 
  i live in kigali , rwanda since march and ran kigali peace halfmarathon on 22nd of may . 
  it was lets say interesting . 
  very warm , and at the water station there was either no water or the people their did not do their job filling cups . 
  so that was not nice . 
  also after the race the drinks were out . 
  i can only imagine how the guys felt who ran the full marathon . 
  also it was the first time i had to walk during a race . 
  that was not a good experience , it felt like giving up , failing . 
  i simply miscalulated how many hills there were . 
  afterall i am still happy i made it and finished . 
  it was my slowest half marathon ever , even when i was training back home ( germany ) i was quicker than that ( 2:1 x : xx , i dont even remember ) . 
  wait . 
  how do other people react ? 
  is n't that normal ? 
  i feel like op : what the hell do i need snapchat for ? 
  now i read your comment and see your point somehow . 
  on the other hand , whatsapp is doing a brilliant job doing exactly that . 
  currently i live far away from my family , like 9 hours flight , and we text and send pictures on whatsapp a lot . 
  and that 's great . 
  since i never used snapchat , how would snapchat improve my experience ? 
  what does snapchat offer that is worth it to have yet another messaging app ? 
  seriously asking , maybe it is really worth it , i do n't know . 
  damn it !, 
  came here to say the same . 
  here , take your upvote, 
  i mean , when you 're right , you 're right . 
  there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  thanks for that . 
  i actually thought about doing the same this morning , forgot about it when i came to work .
