dear mr gates . 
  was there any point of disappointment at the gavi replenishment conference yesterday ? 
  do you think polio can be eradicated until 2018 ? 
  do n't worry . 
  i am german , i have heard of the internet , used it and could n't care less about such a comment . 
  i 'd laugh about it . 
  started as great show , hated the netflix - season though . 
  good decision . 
  although it 's not really comparable , netflix season of ad is just the worst . 
  one day a friend of mine did n't come to school , probably he spent all night playing online poker or whatever . 
  anyway , told his pretty cool math teacher that he could n't resist trying to divide by 0 . 
  as he felt so ashamed since `` you can not divide by 0 , it 's forbidden '' he called the police and turned himself in . 
  they took him and questioned him all night . 
  so that 's why he could n't come to school . 
  she actually accepted his excuse as she did n't really care about the missed class . 
  fellow german here . 
  something similar happened to me , no fu though i believe . 
  we were at holiday and those other kids new how to draw this weird complicated cross thingy . 
  well i wanted to learn how to draw it so i practiced . 
  no idea whether my parents ever found our drawings and just did n't care as i was about 5 or whether they simply never saw them, 
  mostly this change of point of view . 
  and also the story kind of sucked in the end, 
  how did this even happen ? 
  and why ? 
  who would do that ? 
  wtf ? 
  well i would guess 8 . but then again , probably they want me to feel like 8 and hide all the important stuff . 
  so i understand around 2 and they rip me off like crazy, 
  dude !, 
  pants !, 
  wtf ? 
  well i get up at 5.30 , take a shower . 
  now it should be about 5.45-5 .50 , go to the kitchen put water to boil for tea , go upstairs and get dressed . 
  now the water should be boiled so i get back to the kitchen , make tea . 
  while the tea is sitting i am preparing breakfast with taking as much possible to the table , on my way back i take a stop at the bathroom to do my hair , tea should be ready now ( after about 4 minutes ) , time for breakfast . 
  at about 6.20 i need to clean my stuff , go to the restroom to be ready to leave the house at 6.30 . then there is about 1 hour of train to work . 
  there i start with an espresso and browsing reddit for about 20 minutes before everybody else is here . 
  then work work coffee work lunch work coffee work , 1 hour train home , every second day i am going for a run in the evening and thats basically it . 
  yeay !, 
  i forgot about dinner i guess . 
  and watching some series in the evening . 
  and on weekends i do n't really have a routine . 
  apart from that , yes , that 's my routine, 
  edit : right now i at the `` 1 hour train home '' part . 
  i did n't read your hole story story but after a few lines i got an idea . 
  often you just increase your/the `` level '' on some scale . 
  example speaking up , you increase the volume , heating up : when taking the temperature it will be a higher `` score '' than before . 
  even waking up may be explained like this , you level of consciousness rises . 
  still , some weird things left . 
  but i guess this may explain some part of it . 
  on the other hand i am not a native speaker so i might as well be completely wrong, 
  clean them yourself !, 
  when i got my first glasses i got used to my gf cleaning my glasses . 
  we broke up about 4 years ago and since i am not used to it and too lazy my glasses are getting cleaned every second week . 
  on the plus side : the first spot on clean glasses is the worst . 
  hence : less cleaning , less first spots , 
  i kind of like all of them . 
  it 's almost poetic :d, 
  i realy do n't like it when people are late . 
  and i like beer and structure / rules and i know how to bake bread . 
  actually , that was very useful during my year in the uk , they realy do n't know how to bake bread . 
  and you may have guessed it already , i am german . 
  oh i forgot about bretzels !, 
  love them !, 
  even tried to make them myself when in the uk . 
  turned out okay . 
  your username does not help you to get motivated to get something to eat ? 
  mission accomplished, 
  beer ( a lot of it ) makes crave for spicy food . 
  oh this is bad . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  do you have any more details on that ? 
  14088 in 612 is about 23 a day . 
  thats impressive already . 
  quitting that habit even more !, 
  you 're a funny guy . 
  have an upvote, 
  i guess somebody just won the best friend award with that letter . 
  why would you want just one slice when you can have the whole ? 
  exactly !, 
  warning about a mistake by repeating it on the internet . 
  awesome move , 
  honestly though , it 's not like they 're in the main focus . 
  and congrats on your little one , 
  we do n't have them and they 're amazing !, 
  it really depends . 
  i would love some hot sauce , some people would n't enjoy though . 
  well that 's a valid point !, 
  and still you do n't buy your glasses of milk in separate boxes . . 
  so . . did she call ? 
  so is there something like a calendar ? 
  you know , to support the team ? 
  baby dont hurt me, 
  it 's probably good for her to come out of the closet . 
  the dog thing is weird though . . 
  seems a bit random . 
  but i would definitely check it out . 
  actually , i was disappointed there 's no post . 
  looks as if she had a beard . . 
  awesome !,
