yeah , i 've been looking at that . 
  part of the reason i voted to leave was the decision for the eu to put politics ahead of real attempts to repair the economy in greece . 
  my heart goes out to you guys . 
  we 'll see - the benifits of having an economy not in direct lockstep with the eu but intentionally managed to provide a complementary environment is potentially very positive , but the ability to manage and move into that is largely dependent on the wider political situation . 
  being able to manage our currency and trade on a different footing has real potential to provide a healthy , competitive counterpart to the rest of the eu , while providing a proving ground for the economic changes we will have to make with the increases in automation and ongoing risks of climate change . 
  certainly , we 'll need to help put more sane legislators in place locally , but that was a certainty anyway . 
  you 'd better hope its short term . 
  i 'm pretty sure the the eu as a whole does not want a direct neighbour with long term economic and the associated political problems on its border . 
  it is n't possible at large scale with our current resources , so we 're voting to make sure that it happens on a smaller scale , and hopefully our example will kick things into gear for everyone else . 
  the problem is that the political will and support to actually make the changes neccesary to eu economies and structures are going to face immense isssues overcoming the inertia of the current political climate in europe - i 've seen a solid dozen comments unironically decrying greece 's poor gdp as part of it ` living within its means to pay back everyone else ' , when this is fundamentally financially unsound , and places the south of the eu at risk of substantial upheval . 
  people wo n't score votes making the changes needed , making this kind of investment , so it wo n't happen . 
  we do n't have the politicians in place or the tools neccesary to save everyone or even change a fraction of the people needed 's minds , so by insulating ourselves we put ourselves in a position to help as many people as possible when it does go to shit . 
  leaving the eu does n't mean going right wing , or even having a bad relationship with the eu as a whole - we 've just had a larger swing left than any polls expected , and many people who voted to leave the eu ( 30 % in the lib dems , more in labour ) also consistantly voted for a more left wing government . 
  that would n't likely have happened with a memain vote , oddly enough . 
  hopefully we can manage a stable national government and get someone sane running negotiations . 
  our domestic situation needs sane leaders , and this seems poised to allow that to happen in the medium term - whether that is soon enough is anyone 's guess . 
  the world is unstable right now . 
  the mega rich are investing in fallout shelters and self sufficient farms in the middle of nowhere . 
  a lot of people are likely to die in these coming times , and trying to create an island of stability in that is not a bad thing , and is likely to attract investment . 
  if there was actual discussion from real world political entities about the kind of sweeping changes needed to manage the effects of stabilizing our economies at two degrees climate change , i 'd back them to the hilt , but at the moment we barely have a worldwide agreement to reach that , and if we fail to reach it we all die anyway . 
  i 'll bet on the option that gives the best chance of me feeding my kids . 
  yeah , and the looming threat of economic reorganisation due to climate change places a strict deadline on what we need to do to manage the second hit of our agricultural economies being undermined . 
  what should be happening is space-race level investment in technology and manufacturing to manage the consequences of 2 degree climate change , but in the absence of that i 'll try to insulate my country from the theoretically-avoidable-if-the politcs-works-out instability in southern europe . 
  we face a threat that risks making the world wars look miniature in terms of loss of human life , and everyone is too scared to talk about it . 
  this needs to change if the eu is going to survive . 
  if you can convince me that the eu , which left greece to collapse when its economy turned tits up , is capable of handling the social and technical pressures of maintaining large open borders while rebuilding the economies and food/water stability of 4-6 nations collapsing at once , i will change my stance . 
  but i do n't think they 're up to that task , and i would like to disengage before the mess kicks off in southern europe . 
  i have n't actually heard someone with a realistic plan to address the effects of climate change on the stability of the eu in all my time talking about it . 
  edit - misspelled maintaining, 
  sure , social pressures are real and the manipulation of the perception of good and evil are real threats , while the denial of percieving humans as ` other ' and therefore permitting henious acts against them is a real threat , but a failure to reevaluate in the face of this knowledge is a failure of the individual . 
  while social pressures do a lot to inform people 's mental state , it is still their mental state , and it is still their internal illness . 
  it has n't been like that in my lifetime . 
  i 'd love to see it , but it needs a fundamental reimagining of the way we live our day to day lives . 
  we have a bigger toolbox than ever , its just difficult to tell where to start . 
  naw , just taking a realistic look at how global warming is likely to destablilize agrigultural economies near the equator . 
  we 've already seen the first ripples of the prolonged drought and climate change in the arab spring , but there is more to come . 
  if you can convince me that the eu , which left greece to collapse when its economy turned tits up , is capable of handling the social and technical pressures of maiuntaining large open borders while rebuilding the economies and food/water stability of 4-6 nations collapsing at once , i will change my stance . 
  interesting . 
  i 'll need to read up a little . 
  i guess they figured that wildcat strikes in the west are more worthwhile than accepting fighters of questionable loyalty and training . 
  shame that . 
  i like lib dem policy and think they have sane decisions , but think the correct strategic decision is to leave the eu . 
  we 're not nuts , we just do n't trust its medium-term stability . 
  might be so , have n't read things up recently . 
  they certainly were mostly using it as a recruiting drive up to a few months ago . 
  might be relying on the attacks drawing a fresh wave of recruits to help turn the tide or something , i do n't really get the mindset well enough to understand them . 
  i was using mentally challenged in a sense of unwillingness to take an honest look at their own beliefs and the effects thereof with a functioning conscience . 
  i 'm not advocating dismissal , i 'm advocating not giving a shit about them . 
  they 're reliant upon reactionary measures to terrorism to provide real effect , and we do n't have to oblige that . 
  its the same problem that we face with cult membership , and those randomers that go with school shootings and people who turn to extremist peta groups . 
  its the cause behind our rampant drug problems and most of our minor criminals . 
  isolation and a persistant sense of failure really fucks a person up , and some people will exploit that . 
  the implications for our society are far wider than just terrorism . 
  the societal functions that prevent this has been erroded over time . 
  providing good healthcare , counciling , education ( not just intellectual stuff , but trade stuff too ) and a support structure to everyone in our society is so important . 
  we 've been making do with stopgap measures for so long , and it just is n't acceptable for the future . 
  religion provides that sense of community and purpose for a lot of people , be they christian or muslim or anyone else . 
  personally , i find it deeply saddening that i see people trapped in churches by the sense of community and support it provides , rather that out of a desire to meet god . 
  this is something that we should n't be relying upon religeon , in any form to provide . 
  our spiritual welfare is important , but our social wellbeing should be part of the society we are part of . 
  fundamentally we as a society need to enable healthy socialisation even for people who are n't good at it . 
  we need to promote a mindset that does n't tie self-worth to personal success . 
  we need to weed out negative attitudes that society has to people in general . 
  it breaks my heart that there are so many people who go through life without feeling beautiful , without feeling wanted , and it is such a damaging thing to let this go uncontested . 
  as a society and as individuals we have a responsibility to the vulnerable - we need to do what we can to care for people who are getting dealt crappy hands by life . 
  i wish i had some easy answers , but it is important , and we can have get it moving in the right direction . 
  eh , judging by their propoganda work it seems to be that they 've practically given up on sending people over to commit attacks , and instead just provide guidebooks to people mentally challenged enough to read them . 
  the rest just encourages people to go to the middle east and fight for them - its a recruiting tactic for their local wars . 
  super fucked up , but a recruiting tactic . 
  modern pr used for medeval war . 
  we 'll see - the strategic benifits of transitioning to large scale production given the tomfoolery surrounding the fuel markets at the moment are looking promising , and will likely mean that it is very quickly adopted for energy production ( barring component rarity ) and the quieter announcements from the military suppliers suggest that it might be closer than expected . 
  honestly though , as with all speculative tech research , its going to be enormously difficult to predict . 
  we 'll know more once the various announcements are made . 
  we 're at the stage where its efficiency scalings now , so that we get a positive energy output . 
  with proper investment its doable , the only issue is that so few people are prepared to make that kind of longer term investment with the world looking as unstable as it has been recently . 
  that and the number of snake oil salesmen . 
  the hurdles are mostly political , not technical . 
  sort of - there is really interesting discusssion surrounding non-corporeal goods . 
  it does n't take more resources to have a hundred virtual objects compared to a thousand . 
  so there are workarounds for having a ` growing ' economy without expending more resources . 
  we can always take the raw goods we get and rework them into more elaborate items through personal labour . 
  that said , the economic modelling to make it work has only really gotten off the ground recently , and it is still more efficient in many places to mine rather than recycle , so it is a topic that needs discussion . 
  we 're at the stage where its efficiency scalings now , so that we get a positive energy output . 
  with proper investment its doable , the only issue is that so few people are prepared to make that kind of longer term investment with the world looking as unstable as it has been recently . 
  that and the number of snake oil salesmen . 
  the hurdles are mostly political , not technical . 
  the issue is that the real politics of the matter do n't allow this to happen . 
  the us produces a disproportionate amount of co2 , as it props up their entire economy . 
  there is n't any way to force them to pay other people when they hold that much manufacturing and military strength , bar a flat trade embargo . 
  its easier just to make it cheaper to use renewables . 
  solar , wind , tidal , ( theoretically fusion ten years from now , depending on cost ) . 
  basically our strategy should focus on making it expensive to produce co2 compared to other methods , rather than permitting it then charging folks , because one of those methods is super succeptable to corruption or a single nations greed . 
  part of the reason there is n't any official limits for keeping the paris accord is that we all die if it does n't work out . 
  europe keeping its member states working within those guidelines using a legal framework is just window dressing ` we 're taking this seriously ' stuff . 
  naw , most terrifying prospect is destabilizing the truce in ni , or accidentallying our counstruction sector . 
  with the eu can always leave later ( unless they build a decentralized army and use ` we 'll greece you ' to ensure compliance ) , but the next twenty years are going to need almost every house in the uk rebuilding - they 're all built for our mild climate , and with the increase in storms and low lying areas going under we need trade deals to secure building materials . 
  if the gulf stream moves ( a very real risk ) we 're on the same lattitude as moscow . 
  we are n't rated for those tempratures . 
  i doubt that the trade needed to facilitiate this is a priority for the eu trade block at the moment - at the very least i have n't heard it discussed . 
  going all in with the commonwealth to secure supplies seems like the correct strateigic choice , especially given that they 're going to need to amp up their manufacturing in the affected sectors anyway .
