  why dont we just deport these fucks back to syria if they like isis so much ??? 
  no sane person would support isis . . edit : denmark please . . 
  well when you get angry you dont just shout `` we will blow up romania and wipe it from the face of the earth . '', 
  . . they are clearly agressive we dont need these people in europe if they show that they are not friendly . . 
  so you are saying that left wingers cant be evil ?? 
  edit : jezz if you want to downvote me tell me why . . 
  only when you give us solution to this problem we will help you . . 
  depends on how many years will this `` sharing '' will last and what if the numbers will going to go up even more ? 
  are we just keep going to let everyone in and just share the problem ? 
  czech republic has every right to protect their borders if they dont want to let in the illegal immigrants its up to them !, 
  send those muslims immigrants who attacked the guys who converted to christianity from where ever they came from . . 
  the problem is not the refugees the problem is the economical immigrants and their numbers . . 
  germany wants them polls show that people want them great then germany can take them !, 
  gib more soldiers gib more tanks gib more aircraft yes please more bases !, 
   17 . other non-specified areas uhh what is other non-specified areas ? 
  yeah it does but who the hell is `` hiedymin '' the one who founded the city was named gediminas , 
  i can smell polish dudes coming with polandball d :, 
  they are in italy they are safe . . these are not refugees these are economical immigrants . . 
  turkish people who do you think is going to win ? 
  is there any polls ? 
  was he high when writing this article ? 
  germans want them great then let germany take them problem solved . . 
  in the middle of our capital https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gediminas%27_tower https://www.google.lt/maps/@54.6865928,25.2910122,3a,75y,271.28h,100.74t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1szn5wk_59zy2zlqwlqpo9_g!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 reposting cause bot said that my comment got deleted cause link shorteners is now allowed :(, 
  nah this looks more like quebec 's flag . . 
  yeah because all robbers take 9 mags with them and an ak 47 right . . 
  there is 3 billion people living in poverty do we have to let them all in just because thats a right thing to do ? 
  do these people not realize that letting everyone from africa come into europe would destory us ? 
  not to mention drop in life expectancy and ect . . 
  i actually really like it its catchy and fun to listen too . 
  they are in turkey there isnt war going on in turkey they are economical illegal immigrants . . 
  always getting shivers watching these videos !, 
  hooray for 3d printing !, 
  thats just the number i would guess want to come into europe if crazy people would open borders . . and if you really want to get 20 % of africas population in france i feel bad for everyone living in france . . 
  why woudnt they want to go here if people like you would let everyone here . . 
  because 20 % of africas population woudnt cause us problems right . . 
  actually thats exactly what would happen if let the whole africa in . . 
  whats the point of having a fire alarms might aswell just burn the house yourself . 
  illegal immigrant : you know how we can show them that we are grateful lets shout allahu akbar and refuse their food !, 
  other illegal immigrants : yes lets do that !, 
  some people . . 
  these people are heroes if they havent stoped him god knows what could have happend . . 
  how dare this police do their job ? 
  / s but in all seriousness these people are hired to stop these kinda things , i love seeing media portraying police as evil or something if someone threw a rock at me and i would a guy hired to prevent such a things i would do anything to stop this . 
  but still it dosent look like there would be a 70 % of americans here . 
  where did you get that 70 % in here are americans ?? 
  id say no more then 30 % off people in here are americans if not less . . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_omon_assaults_on_lithuanian_border_posts https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events_ ( lithuania ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states coudnt think off anything else feel free to add something more . 
  `` solve '' ( facepalm ), 
  any context why they attacked him ? 
  do they support illegal immigration or not ? 
  hooray more keep letting those people from the boats in !, 
  here what bad could happen ? 
  better destory those western fasict cars too !, 
  clearly they are running from war in sweden / s, 
  i was just explaining why people might be scared of illegals coming here . . 
  so it makes it okay for them to kill people because someone painted `` muhammed '' and no one else used to do it before ? 
   already here , we make them ourselves . 
  the handful that may be on some of the boats do n't make the cat obese . 
  so a cat is already obese shoudnt we prohibit it from eating more stuff that makes here obese ? 
  and please answer why christians dont go in public places and kill people that painted jesus ? 
  so because we have our own fighters we should get islamic state terrorists ( i am not saying that we shoudnt take immigrants just explaining why people are scared ) ? 
  good ridance . 
  do i need to remind you what happend when someone painted a allah in france ? 
  does that happen when you paint jesus ? 
   now how new is this ? 
  because i remember that when i was a kid news about criminal gangs in sweden shooting each other with military grade weapons were not that rare . 
  source needed . 
  i think people are scared because god knows what might be in those boats call me paranoid but there might be islamic state members . 
  didnt they actually said that they have members who go in those boats ? 
  and into europe ? 
  and i think people are scared off the increasing numbers and we ca n't let everyone in from africa . 
  and you cant deny that malm\u00f6 including the whole sweden has increased criminal activity and zones where even police is scared to go in ? 
  so thats how we are going to deal with this problem ? 
  keep letting them in ? 
  the thing is that they dont want to stay here they want to go to germany or sweden where they get more money . . 
  molotov -- ribbentrop pact we let them occupy as without firing a single shoot :'( thank god that gained our independence in 1990 again . 
  hmm you would think they found it so they would get more then 10 %, 
  even if we wanted we coudnt take all 3 billion into europe it would literally would destory europe . . my point is that how many people can we take before destroying europe . . there would be a massive overcrowding issues not to mention that we dont have that many place for that many people to live nor schools nor hospitals . 
  our culture would change so much.there would most likely would be a massive decrease in life expectancy . 
  actually there was so many more wolfs spotted in lithuania then any other year they killed some sheeps so our goverment had to let the hunters to kill some off them the main factor i think was that forests are growing !, 
  this is clearly just right wing agenda !, 
  they clearly brigaded the poll !, 
  i meant that the majority off people in europe are christian . . 
  i think the problem with immigration is when will we say enough ? 
  in terms off numbers i mean when there is going to be coming like 5x times more trough mediterranean than this year ? 
  or 10x times ? 
  europe ca n't possibly accept that many people . . 
  is it me or every day numbers go up ? 
  fixed it , 
  europe is a christian continent no shit we rather accept christians than muslims . 
  it would be easier for christians to intergrate rather than muslims . . 
  thanks latvia . . 
  so it was okay for sweden to take 40 war crime suspects ? 
  yeah . . 
  sweden why ? 
  why would you ever take more immigrants ? 
  i just do n't get you anymore . . 
  embicek if only politicans would listen to people like you . . one day . . one day . . 
  we are trying to be poor !, 
  seems to be going okay so far .
