our own historic experience demands it - there is no continent that has not , at one point or another , hosted lithuanian refugees . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_extradition_of_baltic_soldiers we sure did got welcomed to sweden , 
  yeah our most popular parties has just been ignoring . 
  but other 3 parties from whom are 2 pro kremlin and the other one is corrupt, 
  jezz does anyone even understand what juncker is saying ? 
  you mean slavs ? 
  lol i love these kinda posts this is probably the most serious problem in europe that might literally destory schengen zone but sure . . 
  lets just ignore all this . . 
  damn you viking propaganda !, 
  lithuania didnt lost to belgium we lost to `` referees '' http://imgur.com/ldumxze, 
  meh if western europe really want the `` refugees '' i am okay but dont try pushing your fucking quotas when you literlly say `` welcome to sweden '' . . 
  well fuck them deport their asses . . 
  i really dont know but some parts of the video is being used in tv show `` farai '' ( cops ) great show . 
  ohh really ? 
  maybe if the left werent so ignorant and not just pushing quotas on others and pretending that the problem does n't exist . . 
  does that mean cheaper g36 's for lithuania ? 
  does n't call the only party that actually does n't want any more of `` refugees '' nice . . 
  you go latvia nice job , 
   ahmed has therefore refused to give his fingerprints so now we ca n't even take their fingerprints ? 
  nice . . 
  if you stop the video at 0:41 you can clearly see the guy still touching the ball and the red light is already up . . 
   now you can sing ' 3 million refugees lol that reference :d, 
  western europe might sanction central/eastern europe ? 
   as the name lithuania rightfully belongs to belarus , right ? 
  yeah no . . 
  so now we are taking former isis fighters as `` refugees '' fucking nice . . 
   if you are currently intending to vote to stay in the eu might you switch if migrant crisis gets worse ? 
   68 % would still vote to stay  22 % might vote to leave holy fuck thats a massive difference . . d : and its clearly showing that this is one off the biggest problems europe has ever encountered . 
  nigel actually seems like actually a smart guy . 
  lithuania is going to spend 2 % for military in 2018 + we already decided to buy probably one off the best artillery in the world pzh 2000 and we are going to buy ifv 's probably german boxers . 
  ohhh the burn, 
  i never understood why latvian forces has that kind of camo why not use similair to estonian or lithuanian ? 
  dont you have a lot of forests too ? 
  you are wrong we have this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqr6q6mwbek :d, 
   but only men get mandatory conscription . 
  hooray for equality !, 
  merkel keeps saying that they have enough place and money for `` refugees '' but the pushes quotas for other eu nations wtf . . ? 
   estonians and lithuanians are 90 % more likely to break into your house . 
  citation needed . . 
   but it contains no jokes about potatos and poverty , how am i supposed to know what to comment ? 
  quick make a joke about polish-lithuanian common wealth !, 
  we are going beat you this time france !, 
   norwegian man of somali decent `` norwegian '', 
  you can always eat something . . 
  but then whats the point of pushing the quotas they dont want to stay here in eastern and central europe . 
  germany keeps inviting them and says that has place for all off them but then pushes the quotas and wonders why we dont want to take them . . 
   almost in every thread you can see gib back our money jezz i thought i am the only one who saw those ones, 
  actually how many refugees do we take from syria itself ? 
  i mean the syrians that still is there ? 
  what if only the rich ones are getting our help ? 
  shoudnt we take the poor ones first ? 
  qatar has taken a 0 refugees . . hypocracy much ? 
  i really dont know maybe conservatives centre-right its just i dont really like their new leader but i cant really say any thing since he is quite new but i like some of theirs party members . . probably going to look into their debates and what each party has to say since there is going to be a election in 2016 . . 
  step 1 . say there is no legal limit to asylum seekers germany can take . 
  step 2 . ??? 
  step . 
  3 . push quotas on other nations nice . . 
  yeah there are genuine refugees from syria but some people really think that we can let the whole africa in europe and live the same life that we live now . 
  politicians seem to think that there are only refugees on the boats and not a single economical immigrant . . 
  ftfy  pictures of 3,000 refugees marching from budapest to germany, 
  can we just please agree that we should fund them much more ? 
  p.s yeah i know lithuania does n't give esa money but still i think europe should fund them more . . 
  a jail in norway ? 
  so like 3 stars hotel ? 
  omg look at all these bad conditions they live in http://imgur.com/a/5qfri d : totally inhuman they should get a private house !, 
  `` refugees '' yeah okay . . 
  seems like everything is going just as expected 325 people for lithuania one day and another 2146 another day  looks like they are `` solving '' this issue really well :o / s, 
  she is right tho . . 
  there is thousands of kids dying every day you cant blame everything that bad happens on eu . . its not our fault that some nation cant fucking get these people on their shitty boats back to their nation . . 
  ahh yes the media lets blame police cause `` refugees '' clearly cant be bad , 
  fun fact kids die every day just the what will europe do ?!?!, 
  lol give me a break cause its our fault that these people get their boat on the coast of libya ?? 
  should we open all land borders cause there is people who die ? 
  we call these kinda people `` supermamytes '' in lithuania they got their name because they like saying stupid shit . . 
  `` solve '' yeah thats not how you solve problems you dont just see that your house is burning and you spill more gas in it to see it burn down quicker . . 
  the problem is not the `` refugees '' the problem is economical immigrants and that they dont want to stay here . . 
   thick russian accent that it hurts your ears . 
  ohh god i thought i am the only one who hears that ugly accent d :, 
  they dont even speak polish , they speak some sorth off mix between russian , polish , belarusian , lithuanian languages . . 
  they all got trought turkey and balkans and then to hungary and the to the better off western europe they dont want to stay in eastern europe thats why we dont want them . . 
  if germany wants them fine but why do you keep try giving them to us ? 
  they clearly dont want to stay here , once they see that its not that good here they want to go to germany or other better off western european nations . . and the biggest problem is not the refugees the problem is the economical immigrants . . edit : top kek they even think that austria is not good place to live http://www.dw.com/en/so-whats-all-the-fuss-about-germany/a-18688421 but sure `` refugees '' that dont want even stay in austria . . 
   vilnius - poles and hipsters not everyone here is poles \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
   never really achieved anything comparable to the western europeans , in terms of wealth , power , or inventions , pretty sure he is talking about not only about now but and the past . . 
   power well i dont know polish-lithuanian common wealth was pretty fucking strong at the time . 
  whydotas is probably my favorite . 
  and i am pretty sure he is one off the most popular in lithuania . 
   as in the past , supporters of four parties remained to be more dissatisfied than satisfied with how democracy works . 
  these are : the electoral action of poles in lithuania ( llra ) ( 83 percent dissatisfied ) , the labour party ( 69 percent ) , the lithuanian peasant and greens union ( 63 percent ) and the party order and justice ( 61 percent ) . 
  surprisingly ( not really ) pro kremlin parties are most dissatisfied about democracy, 
  in english http://en.delfi.lt/lithuania/politics/four-in-ten-lithuanians-satisfied-with-how-democracy-works.d?id=67248014, 
   refugees welcome - tourists fuck off whats so bad about tourists ? 
  fuck i was just about to write the same thing :d, 
  you are trolling right ? 
   does size matter in the european union ? 
  lol this is great . 
  do n't we all ? 
  i really dont get why dont we hunt down the traffickers . . or atleast try . . 
  well if they dont like it they can just fuck off . . 
  meh you are clearly a troll you dont have any other posts just one that got removed . .
