  it kind off reminds me off when media tells that `` insert name here '' is suspected for someones for example `` murder '' even tho he might have nothing to do with and then the guy might loose his job , family before police finds out the truth . 
  i mean why would police tell media suspects names ? 
  do they not realize that it could ruin their life ? 
  why should we keep these people after them clearly showing that they are not friendly ? 
  people have to realize that not every illegal immigrant is friendly . . 
  the sooner people realize it the better . 
  so every attack against a foreigner with a different culture or skin color is pure because off racism ? 
  why dosent when a german gets attacked by a foreigner he is not called a rasict ? 
  lithuania , latvia , estonia also did the same thing all the way from lithuania trough latvia and into estonia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwvwajjqriw all ways get fucking shivers watching it !, 
  they most likely got there from turkey i didnt knew that there is war going on in turkey . . edit : jezz if you want to downvote me tell me why i am wrong ? 
  besides look at all these poor poor refuges https://youtu.be/og8xmbr3nwg?t=112 taking selfies . . 
  anyways do these people really think that an island with 33,388 has a place for every single one off them ? 
  there are reports off more then 1500 people coming every week to the island . . 
  pretty much what people living in kos feels like you wake up one morning and there is 600 illegals outside your house . . 
  aka the more we wait the more off them will come . 
  do n't let everyone in politicians have to realize that some off them come here because off econimical reasons . . 
  ahh yes the good old `` you 're ancestors done something bad in the past so you are evil too . . '', 
  wow i fucking hope they catch the fucker who is doing this . . i mean why would anyone would do this ? 
  woud n't that make them economic immigrants ? 
  besdies then maybe germany should n't blame on the eastern countries not taking illegals . 
  because they will run away from here the first second they see that we dont have that much money like germany . 
  this is clearly sexist sweden needs to do something and make those numbers equal !, 
  they get to italy , greece even spain they are safe already why do you think they go to uk , germany or somewhere else ? 
  ohh right because germany and uk pay them more . . 
  it will be if we dont do something about it . . 
  thats only because musa turned on his cheats , 
  but why ? 
  `` wants equal rights '' women gets more rights then men ( facepalm ) sweden please, 
  well i ca n't see them . 
  did i missed something ? 
  this is completly off topic but what happend to the megathreads ? 
  `` just '', 
  how dare you even talk about immigration !, 
  some people just ca n't stop being rasict !, 
  mods delete his comment !, 
  merci . 
  rip the danish guy i loved you < 3, 
  also a video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erzn4lsclmm from demonstration so called demonstartors are calling pegida nazi scum facist ect . 
  even tho they are the ones threatening them . . kind off funny if you asked me . 
  ftfy  if you want polish culture go to vilnius / s, 
  top kek . 
  how can you even ask for island with population of 33388 to find a housing for every 600 people arriving there you must be out off your fucking mind . . 
  so why did white man march was actually doing for being called fasict ? 
  just asking cause its hard to make out something from the video . . 
  it sounded like swedish mixed with english . 
  so i assume you planing to come here legally right ? 
  what do you think about illegals coming here because of economic reasons by a boat trough mediterranean ? 
  i actually remember my history teacher talking about that fight she said that swedish got scared because off polish-lithuanian hussar wings made it sound that there was so much more off them !, 
  and estonians about noridc, 
  i lost it at this guy https://youtu.be/hje-kcu0u5y?t=91, 
  rasict europe how dare you let us in and want us to work !, 
  pretty much the video . 
   more thought of as member of the `` i ca n't find that on a map '' club than the `` underrated beer countries of europe '' :(, 
  can we send them condoms please ? 
  this is great :d inb4 removed, 
  not going to lie its kind off sad that belarusian is a minority language in belarus :(, 
  one off lithuanian curses have even 2 meanings like `` valgyk de\u0161r\u0105 '' 1 . 
  ( eat sausage ) 2 . 
  ( eat dick ) . 
  some other lithuanian more used \u010ciulpk byb\u012f also stands for the same thing . 
  \u010ciulpk \u0161\u016bd\u0105 ( suck a shit ) apsi\u0161ik sta\u010dias ( shit yourself upright ) pretty much it, 
  lol cutting out words now ? 
   and they even have a polish party what i said   and they even have a polish party they mostly vote for called llra their leader valdemaras toma\u0161evskis is really pro kremlin . 
  i do n't like the polish party cause their leader is pro kremlin not because the party is polish . 
  who is insulting polish people living in here ? 
  saying that they do n't want to learn lithuanian ? 
  or that the polish party leader is super pro kremlin ? 
  just like todays poland has approximately as much common with ancient poland . 
  you need to get over it its our city now  besides how can you compare a nation to a city ? 
  that guys logic . 
  you built a house and it took you 3 years you let me in and my 10 friends its no longer your house . . 
  wot ? 
  meanwhile gdansk . . congrats on successful colonization you too , 
  well it is n't polish majority anymore the keyword `` is n't '' its lithuanian majority now , 
  top kek `` native '' all land around vilnius was baltic tribes and it was our capital during grand duchy of lithuania times and it was you who invaded it in 1919 . . 
  european reich 4.0 has begun we got australia in it now canadians want into it everything seems to be going by a plan !, 
  ohh jezz this is great the sarcasm is beyond the roof, 
  lets hire those dutch people i heard they are good at building dams !, 
  ohh okay i am sorry !, 
  so you think that they should have an easier exams ? 
  and please explain why does the llra keeps getting so many votes in polish populated regions if the polish minority are so loyal ? 
  maybe they were referring to the people living in nigeria or republic of niger ? 
  yep i agree 100 % with you . 
  we have 6,58 proc polish minority we do n't really like them cause they want their own rules in our nation they keep making pickets about how we hurt them and stuff they want easier exams and do n't even want to learn our language . . and they even have a polish party they mostly vote for called llra their leader valdemaras toma\u0161evskis is really pro kremlin . 
  so yes i do n't like this minority . . 
  i do n't know why lithuania is red on the map we have shit ton of water . . 
  do they have debates on television in belarus ? 
  maybe anyone from belarus has videos from it ? 
  you see we call it different here . . 
  i love cepelinai or kugelis from foods and i also like gira aka kvass, 
  we need to know how many people from 500 million are immigrants and do n't just say that there is 500 million so taking in 1million immigrants is okay . . 
   is thread will be renewed every day or two , or whenever it reached approximately 500 comments its over 500 comments how about you update it now or you do n't even go with your own rules ?? 
  the people look truly spanish to me / s, 
  will this have to go to the megathread ? 
  immigration problem ? 
  i remember reading a comment about how if politicians not going to do anything about the problem people are going solve it themselves looks like this is it . 
  in vilnius and the whole lithuania its really good coudn `` t say anything bad about it its as good as bottled water also talking about tap water and bottled water here is a video about it https://youtube.com/watch?v=y_eejtxidcg, 
  bans loli but not watch people die ? 
  ( not saying that loli is good just trying to make a point ) , top kek, 
   we are being reasonable !!!!!!!!!!!!!!,
