  lol what a fucking joke those women 's are . . 
  besides why did n't they had a security or something to prevent such a things ? 
  yeah okay there is definitely not so much people that russian . . 
  germany and their sticks and netherlands with guns without bullets that would be a hella of a war, 
  eesti can into smartness !, 
  but not into nordic :(, 
  hmm the latvian one sounds like lithuanian word for name which is vardas . 
  you made me sad thank you :(, 
  okay sweden this is how its going to be you take little eesti into nordic and we are going to let into baltic !, 
  hooray we are smart !, 
  and eesti please do something you are slow :(, 
  they sell drugs quite well in lithuania + they setup their ghettos that we ca n't destroy quite well too !, 
  wait did we forgot about australia first ? 
  europe ca n't possibly take even only young people from africa . . and jezz why is it mostly men who come from africa you can even see it on the pictures in the media that like 80 % off them are men . . do females from there do n't want to start a good life too?something fishy is going on . . 
  vikinigs lied about greenland being green and iceland being from ice maybe they lied about more things ? 
   how is europe done ? 
  say all you want about migrants , but even if all the people from all over the world came to europe , europe wo n't sink . 
  okay i do n't agree with a guy but i am pretty sure if europe would take all of the people even from the africa it would colapse . 
  or you could just wait for the next election and vote for the anti immigration party if you want so . 
  i mean if they want too why not ? 
  op 's name checks out !, 
  jezz people this was already posted 1 hour ago !, 
  thanks iceland < 3, 
  ahh eestis first map so cute !, 
  yeah i am okay with this !, 
  i been reading too much polandball :(, 
  there would be some sort of joke about potato on latvia !, 
  dutch have the guns without bullets and germany has the sticks that would be a hella of a war :d, 
  hooray we finally got kaliningrad!and pls we have culture :(, 
  sure if you want too . . :(, 
  well at least they have good animations in it i give them that much . 
  ohh really ? 
  please no . 
  one guy that got shoot to the head survived but he ca n't walk anymore . 
  ukrainians do n't want into lithuania :(, 
  hah i love when people like you come into comments and start talking about the people from / r/european and please show me my rasict comments from / r/european instead off just saying that i am from / r/european and i should stay there does that also mean that people should use only one subreddit?is there a rule for that ? 
  maybe because the so called immigrants are not so nice too?remember that girl who cried when merkel told that she will have to go?yeah that little crying poor little girl portrayed by media as an angel wants to destroy israel http://www.timesofisrael.com/i-hope-israel-disappears-says-palestinian-teen-merkel-brought-to-tears/ and some off you wonder why people do n't want them here . 
  so tevynes sajunga is the only far right party here ? 
  yes i did . 
  wait we had plutonium ? 
  labour / r/fellowkids, 
  i heard it in the news saying that whats going to be done with them will be decided at the autumn and they even said they can be either sold , melted , put in the museum . 
  the first 2 seems the most likely . 
  actually our mayor said that he do n't want to put them back on and they will probably be melted or sold they will definitely wont come back on . 
  seems like a fair deal if they value those statues so much :d, 
  i like people logic they come here illegally by a boat and its illegal for us to send them back cause - logic and i am not talking about war refuges i am talking about the economical illegals . 
  well he seems to be the only leader in eu to take this immigrant problem serious . 
  you know what makes me worried about this whole situation ? 
  the thing that viktor orban makes sense :o, 
  hooray more immigrants !, 
  wow eesti why you got ta be so rude ? 
  :'( your flag is not nice too :'(, 
  as a guy from baltic joining nato was probably one off the best decision that we ever made . 
  everytime i see you in the comments just going after over / r/coontown and / r/european people . 
  hooray for our friendly immigrants !, 
  probably cause we can see kremlin trolls comments in our news websites delfi , lrytas ,15 min . 
  holy fuck that first video got my blood boiling what a fucking assholes people like that should be deported the same fucking second . 
  sigh . . 
  showing lithuanian puppet goverment in 1940 . . and my i ask why does your both 2 and only 2 posts include something about lithuania ? 
  i am thinking that / u/wall44 could be a kremlin troll.edit : now he posted the same video in / r/lithuania the more you post the more i think you could be a kremlin troll.edit : or maybe i am just paranoid . 
  shh its hard for them to hear the truth . 
  well now we know why greece has debt / s, 
  i am sure that people are going to talk about this nicely / s, 
  woah this is good for europe right ? 
  with allies !, 
  it was the polish-lithuanian forces who beat the teutonic order russians just like taking history from others by their logic we can say that lithuania defeated nazi germany with allies . 
  https://youtube.com/watch?v=kttbv5d5vu0 1:32 translated from lithuanian it says : soviets killed , imprisoned , deported over 300000 lithuanians, 
  there is gon na be a polandball comic about this calling it . 
  soviet soldiers killed 300000 lithuanians and there is a statue of soviet soldier there i dont see why should we have a statue of dude who used to kill us  edit : typo, 
  dude i am pretty sure i already saw this here like 2 times already this is the third time, 
  ahh yes the good old central eastern northern europe, 
  i really hope we will never put them back there ever again fuck them they killed over 300000 lithuanians :(, 
  `` hungarians '' yeah okay bro, 
  big bad europe and rasict white people ca n't intengrate immigrats who dosent want that themselves, 
  hmm she did the same thing on lrt ( lithuanian radio and television ), 
  yeah bro thats never going to happen, 
  hmm i have n't heard about sexism in lithuania.can you enlighten me about it a link or some shit ? 
  50/50 looks like a fair share, 
  hmm i dont think lithuania is big enough either kaliningrad looks like a good place to start , 
  baltic can not into northern europe even anymore :(, 
  i like good sarcasm and you have a good one, 
  syria must be empty right now . . 
  mikalojus konstantinas \u010ciurlionis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqeub39t-9c also a good painter https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikalojus_konstantinas_%c4%8ciurlionis, 
   the nato secretary general said that 40,000-strong rapid response spearhead forces will be deployed at the eastern borders of the alliance with a required 48-hour response time . 
  i think they meant that 40,000 army will be able to be deployed within 48hours not that they will keep 40,000 army here . 
  what ? 
  first stay away from people at arm 's length . . now safe zones for women ? 
  lol whats next ? 
  dont leave your house without your husband ? 
  commonwealth intensifies, 
   which country has the best humor ? 
  germany 25 % germany 25 % germany 25 % germany 25 % ohh you ( \u0361\u1d54 \u035c\u0296 \u0361\u1d54 ), 
  is it just me or you guys really want to push right wing into power ? 
  in english : ** father of a murdered teen in sweden : they are trying to silence me ** \u017dydr\u016bnas , father of a teenager who was murdered in sweden , says he reached a dead-end . 
  man who is fighting for his son 's honor says he ` s being kept from speaking freely . 
  \u201e swedish authorities are telling me that they are investigating the incident and no other measures are needed , they will take care of it . 
  we were n`t even allowed to speak with swedish media , though , refugee father ` s lies were shown all over the news . `` , - said the man whose teenage son was killed by a 14 year old ahmed , a son of syrian refugees . 
  he attacked the lithuanian with a knife , in school which they went to together , and caused him injuries from which arminas died few hours after . 
  \u201e apparently authorities know that i will speak negatively about refugees so they cover them . 
  it seems they are trying to silence me `` -- he said .
