  once again the point is not to win against russia the point is to hold out long enough until our allies come . 
  many lithuanian officials have stated this . . 
   we will never have credible defense of our own , even if all our capable men went into military service we would n't have half of what russia has actively serving . 
  well duhh . . we are not looking to win against russia we are looking to win time until our allies come . . 
  * commonwealth intensifies *, 
  horray free speech for everyone !, 
  but first lets ban things and remove things we dont like so that free speech could thrive !, 
  thats not a free speech to me . . 
  rather give more money to our allies then to the nation that acts aggressive towards us . . 
  by that logic why dont we recognize isis then ? 
   people tend to support violence against civilians if they view it as necessary and when subject to suffering themselves . 
  so its okay for isis to also kill civilians then i guess ? 
  i know i am going to get allot of hate but how can you recognise a nation that support stabbing israelis ? 
   67 percent support the use of knives source : http://www.haaretz.com/middle-east-news/1.691796 where even the young ones support the kidnappings and killings ? 
   the youths were not combatants , but nevertheless , 57 percent of palestinians surveyed supported the initial kidnapping and 54 percent supported the killing . 
  where support for hamas attacks should be used in west bank ? 
   then 72 percent thought hamas-style attacks should be used in the west bank source : https://news.vice.com/article/palestinian-support-for-hamas-soars-after-israel-war-as-fatah-loses-backing i am asking how can you recognise a nation that so many support killing of israelis ? 
  where the support for hamas terrorist organisation is so high ? 
  edit : if you really think that my opinion is wrong instead of downvoting tell my why its wrong does / r/europe support terorrism so much ? 
  this sucks its like autumn but without the colored leaves on the trees . 
  its super depressing ... 
  solving declining populations with immigration is a stupid idea thats not how you solve this . . 
  shocking news poland acts smarts :o, 
  stay safe my french friends :(, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romualdas_marcinkus he was as pilot in france and after the france fell he went to britain and was a pilot there his plane got shoot down in a fight with germans he was a part off the famous `` the great escape '' . 
  marcinkus and his group travelled further than most of the escapees , but were captured by the gestapo near schneidem\u00fchl on 26 march death : officers of the danzig gestapo took marcinkus to a forest near prusce and executed him . 
  request = / = buying the defense minister himself said that its only a request that doesnt mean they are buying it . 
  well this is depressing :(, 
  at least we are not alone losing people :'(, 
  actually this is a good business plan for baltic nations we could accept them and start the ferry buisness from baltic nations too sweden imagine all the money we could get !, 
  we cant hold them here against their will . . 
  imagine you were a refugee why would you want to stay in some eastern european nation when some other guy gets too stay in germany or other better off western european nation i bet after a couple off months they get here they will want to move on too sweden or germany or better off western european nation . . 
  they just wo n't stay here . 
  do western europe not see this ? 
  lituanica anyone ? 
  lithuanian parties agreed to spend 2 % on defence budget in 2020 . 
  many politcians even mentioned about 2 % in 2018 next year we are going to spend 1,49 % increasing it every year !, 
  we already bought pzh-2000 artilery and this or the next month they should announce what ifv 's we are buying they are choosing from ifv 's like boxers , patria , piranha , rosomak and updated version off american strykers . 
  the first time i hear this is a problem if you cant make a good advertisment just beacause off a long name means you are doing a shit job . . never heard about `` th '' problem wtf ???? 
  but if we had to change id vote for lituanica  http://imgur.com/m30hapl :'( rip, 
  i wonder why they didnt consider doing it in litexpo because off what i heard its been really overcrowded . . 
  i wanted to go but all fan tickets were sold out :'( hope to get there next year if they do it . 
  yes please nato the more the better !, 
  the story says when in 1939 in kremlin the borders was getting drawn there was stalins smoking pipe on the table everyone was too afraid to move it thats how we got that region . 
  but thats probably just a myth . 
  ca n't wait for everyone to scream that its rasict just like everyone said it to hungary , 
  muhahahahha our pegan god perkunas will not give you rain !, 
  on the serious note did the pray worked ? 
  happend not that long time ago not that disturbing but the deaths off the suspects is really creepy . 
   in november 2008 , dr\u0105sius kedys accused laimut\u0117 stank\u016bnait\u0117 of allowing andrius \u016asas to sexually molest their underage daughter . 
  frustrated by lack of progress in the investigation , kedys took the case public . 
  he published a video with his daughter 's testimony , sent out dvds to politicians , and appeared in the media . 
  still no case was brought before trial . 
  in october 2009 , jonas furmanavi\u010dius , a district judge and accused pedophile , and violeta naru\u0161evi\u010dien\u0117 , aunt of his daughter and accused procurer , were found dead and kedys became the main murder suspect . 
  killer  after six months of police search , dr\u0105sius kedys ' body was found near kaunas reservoir on 20 april 2010 . 
  according to the official report , the cause of death was `` choking on the vomit '' whilst being heavily intoxicated . 
  accused pedophile  \u016asas , the main suspect in the pedophilia case , was officially charged with sexual molestation of a minor . 
  however , he was found drowned in a swamp in june 2010 . 
  so the killer and the accused pedophiles both die in weird circumstances not weird at all huh ? 
  if you want to read more https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/case_of_dr%c4%85sius_kedys, 
  didnt we had a thread like that not long ago ? 
  so probably latvia . . 
  well now we know that there is a bunch of idiots in european parliament . . 
  new zealand it seems so far away from all the problems . . 
  awesome nature great neighbours , 
  eesti can into balkans , 
  so what does it stand for the thing in madrid ? 
  genuine question whats so bad about pis wining ? 
   banners among the crowd read `` no person is illegal '' and `` refugees welcome '' in what was largely a festive and friendly environment . 
   friendly enviorment  in the afternoon police fired water cannon on a group of far-left activists throwing stones and fireworks to prevent them from attacking hogesa protestors . 
  several leftists were arrested in the incident and a police officer was lightly cut after leftists threw stones at his patrol car . 
  five hooligans were also injured in a scuffle near the train station , police said . 
  they say it was friendly enviorment even tho they threw stones at the hogesa group ? 
  lets show support off free moving and free border while not letting people get on the train #logic, 
  i veto your veto , 
  looks great too bad no light saber :(, 
  who could have thought that black guy could be rasict ? 
  we are playing hardcore hot potato game guys . . 
  swamp shoes ? 
  sounds like something from rick and morty . . 
   view america as killers . 
  few people doesnt represnt the others . . 
  so zombie apocalypse is happening ? 
  great why did it had to start when i am live sigh . . 
  guess i will have to get my stuff and move to greenland or madagascar . . 
  clearly when huangary does it its xenophobic and rasict but when germany says it its all cool , 
  hmm id probably okay with it if its not going to be controled only by germany . . 
   i often get the impression from lithuanians on this sub that russians did some really terrible stuff to their country in the past https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_omon_assaults_on_lithuanian_border_posts tomas \u0160ernas that got shoot to the head survived he cant walk anymore . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events_ ( lithuania ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states  the total number deported in 1944 -- 55 has been estimated at over half a million : 124,000 in estonia , 136,000 in latvia and 245,000 in lithuania . 
  thanks russia . . 
  besides the propaganda i loved the cgi it was 10/10, 
  from what i heard lithuanian army never had problem with this gun . . 
   in the camps that i 've seen , there are no citizens of syria , iraq or eritrea clearly he is just right wing nazi and he is clearly lying !, 
  you have to admit thats some sweet beards they have there !, 
  sorry my bad . 
  we dont hate real refugees we hate the people who say they are `` refugees '' and abuse the system . 
  and about support i think the rise of fp\u00d6 , ukip , ( like some statistics show sd party ) shows what people think about this uncontrolled border system . . 
   germany and european commission : hey how could we make the population hate the `` refugees '' even more ? 
   someone in the crowd : lets put a new tax !, 
   germany and european commission : great plan !,
