so capitalism ? 
  yeah and its normally ` pakis ' that get thrown out . 
  muhammad had sex with a nine year old child, 
  sorry dr malthus i thought your ideas were dead and buried 150 years ago, 
  puts downward pressure on wages as well, 
  you 're just a typical salty pole . 
  i thing polish ultra-nationalism is tragic and a sign of a backwards culture . 
  you 're a bunch of anti-semetic cretins . 
  that comedy sketch was brilliant !, 
  normally in uk its a point of pride to work on a crazy hangover . 
  i fucking love ( polish ) cans, 
  i think your over selling us a bit here . 
  normally its only 7.5 %, 
  you know ive never thought about accents in a foreign language that is n't an english accent or a foreign accent in english . 
  if that makes sense . 
  stalin was actually a russian chauvinist . 
  he was not as internationalist as the other bolsheviks, 
  if you go by falsified propaganda yes . 
  search operation gladio, 
  i completely agree . 
  the poles on this sub are rabid nationalists who can not look at ussr or russia with any sort of objectivity while roundly condemning the soviets for invasion of poland and equivalency with nazis they conveniently forget that they themselves annexed zaolzie when the germans invaded czechoslovakia . 
  ditto for the ukrainians and the baltics . 
  the germans are suitably neutered and of course the brits see themselves as morally superior to everyone, 
  or the killing of unarmed protesters in athens and the arming of fascist collaborationists in greece against the partisans who had resisted the nazis while ww2 was still going on . 
  as if the teaching of history can be un-ideological . 
  you are hideously confused . 
  ` wages come from profit ' !!!, 
  wages , profit and rent are the mere forms of revenue which accrue to each individual who represents labour , capital and land . 
  the value added to the commodity over the cost to produce is an amount which is divided up . 
  the worker gets enough of the value ( wage ) to reproduce themselves . 
  the value over and above this the owner of capital can gather to himself-profit . 
  this profit can only exist because the worker can create more value than is necessary for them to survive on , in a given amount of time-a surplus . 
  to say that the worker ` profits ' from his own work in the form of a wage is absurd . 
  wage workers do n't gain profit from their work in capitalism their surplus labour is appropriated . 
  behind every fascist usurpation of power is a failed socialist revolution, 
  politics is just concentrated economics, 
  my fav pic on the internet, 
  maybe because america started on a way higher level than the ussr and industrialised far earlier in a country surrounded by two massive oceans and didnt have to go through two world wars on its soil ? 
  no it was just brutalising blacks and genociding koreans and vietnamese and latin americans etc etc, 
  yes the tsarist state was a paragon of liberal virtue . 
  why did n't the russians just carry on getting slaughtered by german machine guns and shells so the tsar could grab constantinople . 
  this is such a stupid trope . 
  there are a lot of really clever people in the world . 
  and some of them do end up in government, 
  how do you know allende would n't have done the same ? 
  what do you think interests concise of ? 
  how can you be an english nationalist and say could care less . 
  that 's a yank mistake !, 
  so you brought conscious beings into the world who have to continually struggle to satisfy needs of food shelter companionship sexuality etc , this is assuming they are mentally and physically healthy , on a roll of the dice to assuage your own feelings of boredom, 
  fresh food is a lot cheaper than other options, 
  found the choir boy, 
  its completely absurd that you were provided with ssris for coping with grief . 
  i think there are two types of depression a caused depression like you had which can be traced to a single or variety of ` mind ' causes . 
  and a second depression which has seemingly no ` mind ' cause this may be due to a physical defect in your brain which is the result of a lack of serotonin being produced hence ssris may be effective . 
  i think the idea that the mind brain duality has essentially been overcome by modern science and can be treated physically is really dangerous and possibly flat out wrong . 
  you are proud that you love a flag ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  please do n't do this . 
  thank you, 
  more like the kornilov affair, 
  were n't you also happy to occupy a piece of czechoslovakia when the germans invaded ? 
  pole will blame literally everything on the communists . 
  the accusation of whataboutism is itself whataboutism . 
  which shows the mindset of those who use it is not that much different from those they criticise, 
  what im saying is cheka and war communism were necessary because of the barbarism of the whites . 
  the bolsheviks were better overall than the monarchist whites, 
  better the reds than the whites . 
  300,000 jews killed by white forces in pogroms during civil war, 
  if by the left you mean actual socialists and communists and liberalism as a political ideology then yeah of course they are going to be illiberal . 
  why is this so controversial?socialism is opposed to liberalism because liberalism is a capitalist ideology, 
  do you know who it is ? 
  i left out the obvious bit . 
  religious suffering is , at one and the same time , the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering . 
  religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature , the heart of a heartless world , and the soul of soulless conditions . 
  the abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for their real happiness . 
  to call on them to give up their illusions about their condition is to call on them to give up a condition that requires illusions . 
  the criticism of religion is , therefore , in embryo , the criticism of that vale of tears of which religion is the halo . 
  criticism has plucked the imaginary flowers on the chain not in order that man shall continue to bear that chain without fantasy or consolation , but so that he shall throw off the chain and pluck the living flower . 
  the criticism of religion disillusions man , so that he will think , act , and fashion his reality like a man who has discarded his illusions and regained his senses , so that he will move around himself as his own true sun . 
  religion is only the illusory sun which revolves around man as long as he does not revolve around himself . 
  you sound like you are parroting a politicians sound bite . 
  it really was n't that good at all . 
  he tries to invoke the international brigades . 
  do you think those men would look at him , an agent of an imperialist state , with anything but disgust ? 
  what a load of disingenuous shite, 
  yes it does . 
  more space = more time before they reach your industry, 
  i meant in pure geographical terms . 
  they wanted a buffer against the inevitable german invasion . 
  ties in to operation gladio, 
  well fuck , maybe neo-colonialism was n't such a good idea . 
  the brits funded the sauds and turned a blind eye to their murderous cult as long as the resources and capital kept flowing . 
  fuck the british state . 
  no they dont, 
  what 's the ability ? 
  beer jacket, 
  more like the soviet union invented your ( his/her ) country in the first place, 
  yeah not like russia had the fastest industrialisation the world has ever seen or that life expectancy still has n't recovered from the collapse of the su, 
  i blame the eastern europeans, 
  so what ?
