  if all social housing went private how do you know you will able to afford what landlords charge ? 
  that 's the whole point . 
  you earn enough so the state does n't have to subsidise you . 
  reagan was worse, 
  they were known to be fighting in syria . 
  they knew they would be watched/arrested if they came back through normal routes, 
  reactionary is used to mean extreme conservatism in the uk, 
  vague vague vague . 
  the state exists to enforce private property , and promote the interest of its holders . 
  if it acts in the interest of capital it is not left wing . 
  it 's arbitrariness in its enforcement does not effect this, 
  thats the same with all states though . 
  your private property is dependent on the state enforcing it . 
  you only hold it through the states will . 
  to characterise any state action in the economy as socialism is a total misunderstanding of what the state actually is . 
  during ww1 and ww2 the british compelled private property to act it certain ways . 
  did it magically become socialist ? 
  the government did n't confiscate the means of production thats the whole point, 
  its functionally different because your definition of socialism is so vague pretty much anything less than the abolition of the state could be called socialist . 
  its a cheap trick american capitalist propagandists use to dupe idiots like yourself into allowing them to ride roughshod over you . 
  all property is held through the state in any society . 
  do you deny that there was still substantial capital in private hands in nazi germany ? 
  that the aristocratic junker class was still the backbone of the army and still had large land holdings ? 
  funny sort of socialism that is n't it ? 
  who heard of a socialist society welcoming capitalists and aristocrats ? 
  ** democratic ** party of north korea . 
  nuff said, 
  the repudiation of class struggle by social democrats has it roots in bernstein 's revisionism of marxism . 
  it goes further back than post ww2, 
  left-right is about supporting the working class or the owners of capital . 
  fascism is capitalism in decay . 
  its the last gasp attempt to bolster private property . 
  hitler was backed by the big german bourgeoisie as a bulwark against socialism . 
  so nazism is not on the left and your political analysis is crude . 
  free markets are not the issue , that just sophistry ownership of capital is the important thing, 
  oh fuck off you silly bastard . 
  what is up with north americans and their fetish for europe to be over run by muslims . 
  if you had any idea about england you would know what you said is utterly absurd, 
  not that a famine did n't happen or was not exacerbated by the callousness of the leaders of the ussr but to call it ethnic celanisng when the famine hit all parts of russia is just untrue, 
  the government doing stuff is not socialism . 
  in a capitalist society the state acts as ideal total capitalist . 
  it does the things that the many total private capitals can not do but does not have to make a profit . 
  defence , labour relations , infrastructure etc. 
  it is still capitalist and is still beholden to capitalist interests, 
  the government doing stuff is not socialism . 
  in a capitalist society the state acts as ideal total capitalist . 
  it does the things that the many total private capitals can not do but does not have to make a profit . 
  defence , labour relations , infrastructure etc. 
  it is still capitalist and is still beholden to capitalist interests, 
  is this satire ? 
  thats because liberals of all stripes are hyprocrites and their ideology serves to bolster the ruling class . 
  do n't go to the centre , which is just more liberalism . 
  go further left . 
  that 's because you are not powerful enough to be an equal but also not weak enough to be a subservient partner ( ally ), 
  that is not an apt reference, 
  that 's not even a big one . 
  some of the ones i 've seen could level a block of houses, 
  walky talkyis horrible but i do n't mind the gherkin . 
  i wish we would move away from everything being glass and steel . 
  this is so historically ignorant . 
  trench warfare was a necessary response to increases in the destructiveness of artillery and machine guns . 
  ww1 could not be fought any differentlywith the technological means available at the tine, 
  i hate to think how you react if you met an actual marxist, 
  they are not mutually exclusive, 
  is heart of darkness a polish novel ? 
  it was written in english, 
  it is wrong, 
  you do n't know what marxism is, 
  muh horseshoe, 
  because of nationalism, 
  should have kept communism, 
  how on earth is nihilism a moral code ? 
  is cross dressing really that offensive to you ? 
  we wo n't get that desperate, 
  european commonwealth . 
  no tapping your oyster card for the 5th time wont magically make it work , neither does trying to tap on every single fucking gate . 
  ooh we got a badass over here . 
  he 's more of a liberal than a conservative, 
  same league huh ? 
  you really think the complete ethnic genocide of the slavic population is comparable to soviet rule ? 
  you are deluded . 
  not being treated as suspicious is in this case a euphemism for suicide . 
  whether or not she was driven to it by racism does n't factor into it . 
  why does it matter if we survive ? 
  would it really matter if humanity became extinct ? 
  the economist is pretty liberal and pro capital . 
  if the problem in africa is because of tribalism . 
  ( what is nationalism but tribalism ? 
  ) and the solution is a state over and above these tribes then surely you can argue that the war and animosity between modern day nation states could be neutered by creating a state over and above them . 
  ie a supranational organisation . 
  a european union ? 
  or maybe a one world government . 
  effectively ending nationalism, 
  liberals and socialists are not the same thing !, 
  however i do n't expect someone who uses the word progressives to have a nuanced understanding of anything political . 
  thats why i said it . 
  because i knew your response would be ` typical bullshit ' . 
  and i said that should be your response when someone says crony capitalism is n't real capitalism . 
  if you understood what i was saying you would have got that . 
  why would you quote it then,
