  but russia * could * mess up our eastern allies quite easily if they wanted to . 
  now , we do n't know if that 's what they want to do , but i suggest we should have an eye on them . 
  i guess half of the questions had soemthing to do with georgia <  georgia . 
   no brits of south asian descent until i went uni . 
  same for me , did n't know that germany had a significant population of people of vietnamese origin until i met all the nguyens in university . 
  i honestly ca n't think of many important differences between north and south . 
  mountains ( the north is mostly flat ) , economy ( the north is the east of the west ) and confession ( the south is mostly catholic ) are probably the main differences . 
  it 's also quite difficult to draw a clear line , what is north and what is south ? 
  dialects also come to mind . 
  but then again , there are different dialects within both areas as well , it 's a gradient rather than a divide . 
  the east-west divide is a completely different story though . 
  thanks to the iron curtain , it 's 100 % clear where the line between the east and the west should be drawn . 
  what are the differences ? 
  well , you should rather ask what the similarities are , because no matter which topic you choose , you will almost always find that there is a east-west divide . 
  income , fertility , unemployment , religiousness , population density , emancipation , suicide rates , education , inequality , political preferences , you name it . 
  i have a radar for russians/people of russian ancestory . 
  facial features mostly , but also names , many of the `` russians '' in germany are descendants of ethnic germans who left the ussr in the 80s/90s . 
  they often have suspiciously german sounding names like m\u00fcller , schmidt , etc. 
  combined with a russian first name . 
  in the outskirts mostly , yes . 
  even with unguided munitions it was possible in most cases to hit the industrial areas and spare the residential areas . 
  i 'm not going to discuss this any further . 
  r e s i d e n t i a l, 
  bombing residential areas is always a crime . 
  period . 
  they could have tossed those things on a military target . 
   also , spain germany and italy all seem to be countries with strong regionalism . 
  did winning the cup help you feel more unified as a country , at least for a moment or two ? 
  only spain has issues with that . 
  since you 're a troll , you will fit right in . 
  the east is still fucked . 
  it 's just that the west was n't doing so well during the 90s and early 2000s , so reunification had a larger impact back then . 
  i could n't disagree more , it 's 100 % pasta . 
  wow, 
  annoying but not dangerous . 
  \\  germans \\  generous view of the us lel, 
  refugees : - right wing parties get more votes than before - violence from islamists and the far right - might change demographics , but it 's too early to tell trump : - first time since the invasion of iraq that we have a legitimate reason to talk ( more ) shit ( than usual ) about the usa - might increase eu integration/cooperation - might have caused a little bit of damage to usa-d relationships we ca n't really tell at the moment . 
  both events probably had similar impacts . 
  i can relate . 
  how do they hunt them ? 
  do they just speed down the road at night and wait for a * bump * ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not . 
  only for guests . 
  people might wear slippers in winter though . 
  no , they always smelled nice . 
  about the acne ... well , puberty had also done good things to a few them ... 
  my ( male ) classmates always gave me shit for choosing french over latin . 
  they said it was gay . 
  well , they sat in a room with 30 sweating , acne-ridden dudes while i was in a room with 25 girls and just 2 other boys ... 
  mountains and the mediterranean coast . 
  lothloringen, 
  you probably misunderstood the question . 
  it 's about neighbors dropping off tupperware full of precooked meals at your house when a family member died . 
  pretty common in the us . 
  to answer ops question : we do n't do that in germany . 
  it does ? 
  do people know about this ? 
  because i did n't . 
  [ woooosh ] ( https://i.redd.it/f2391bhod5uy.jpg ), 
  i do n't think i ever saw non-german or non-danish tourists in north germany . 
  if we only include installations that serve ( d ) as fighting positions , you wo n't find many of those in germany . 
  ww2 * flakt\u00fcrme * come to mind . 
  in cold war , the military doctrine focussed on maneuver warfare instead of digging in . 
  what you might find from that era are all kinds of pre-postioned barriers , a few underground command posts , some fortified missile sites and of course loads of abandoned storage bunkers . 
  the root cause for this is probably that the german educational system is a very selective one that focusses less on lifting everyone to a certain ( high ) level of education , but rather on offering different ` careers ' without having to cater to different types of learners . 
  that leaves us with a system that is n't very patient with slow learners who may very well have great potential . 
  or in other words : if you take too long to get something into your head , switch to a less demanding career . 
  i do n't care about stereotypes , but rest assured that cities with a high percentage of university students are aboslutely * brimming * with attractive people . 
  i live in such a city and i fall in love at least once every 50 meters when i leave the house . 
  yes of course . 
  jews als also really greedy , black people are criminals etc etc. 
  i recommend you do n't . 
  that 's a colossal fuck-up waiting to happen . 
  when i was ~ 8/9 i wanted to join the scouts because i loved playing outside with my friends , building little hideouts in the woods , swimming in the lake , making badass wood weaponry , catching snakes etc. 
  i quickly found out that our local branch of scouts was mostly doing indoors stuff , singing stupid songs , playing boring games , visiting fucking museums and the like . 
  the only time we went outside was to learn about the trees in the backyard . 
  i quit after 3 weeks and went back to spending my afternoons in the woods and ripping holes in my pants . 
  oh , i 'm not talking about cobblestone roads in the historic parts of old cities . 
  i 'm talking about cobblestone roads connecting villages , several kilometers in length . 
  sweden : lumber trucks going 280 km/h on a dirt road in the woods , us-sized bags of sugar and flour . 
  east germany : properties without fences , cobblestone roads in * current year !, 
  * france : schools lock their gates once lessons begin . 
  spain : it 's a desert !, 
  no differences . 
  what 's next ? 
  `` who breathes the most '' ? 
  denmark-germany : german or english . 
  that is absolutely * not * the case . 
  and by `` that '' i mean everything you just wrote . 
  and what do you think they deserve ? 
  because i 'm pretty damn sure the police arrested quite a few of them . 
  just that . 
  `` were you born in a barn ? 
  rural north germany : pretty much never . 
  there are clubs for people who are interested in local history , folklore , traditons , etc. , you might see them presenting their dresses on special occasions and festivities . 
  but that 's it , just a hobby for some ( old ) people . 
  100 % potato i guess . 
  never had it tested though . 
  * weeeeeell ... *, 
  * hugs balticly *,
