   portugalsko i love it . 
  hair , dick length , eye colour , facial features , height , ... 
  but how is this problematic ? 
  like ... the tone of the skin ? 
  this has got nothing to do with privilege , but everything with many turks supporting a wannabe dictator . 
  fjotolf reminds me of hitolf , as in hitolf adler . 
  on the other hand , most european navies also hold maneuvers in far away places . 
  and you do n't see namibia complaining when the german navy and air force visit south africa for some live-fire drills . 
  it ultimately depends on whether we perceive china as a potential enemy or not . 
  well , it 's only 14 \u00b0 c , would n't wan na spend a summer night like that either . 
  nice, 
  french and some spanish . 
  more than portuguese . 
  this is so sureal . 
  thats the first romance language i ca n't understand . 
  and here i thought asians ca n't digest milk . 
  i guess the site is just unreliable then . 
  no , they also count tanks in storage . 
  otherwise the number for germany would be ~ 225 and not 543 . 
  do you think they ever managed to fling a turd through those hoops ? 
  join the dark side . 
  looks like the iberian peninsula has a bad sunburn . 
  looks like you could need some sort of ... international * alliance * ? 
  you have been banned from / r/federalrepooblic . 
   did there used to be fences there ? 
  i 'm 99,9 % sure there never were any fences there . 
  otherwise the iron curtain would n't have been such a big deal . 
  fyi : we also say * mutterland * ( motherland ) in german , but not when talking about a person 's country of origin . 
  * nods from a distance *, 
  yeah , i 'm still leaking . 
  as a left-winger ... you 're talking shit . 
  you are aware that only a rather small percentage of the protesters are cocks who set things on fire ? 
  let 's not discredit the peaceful protests . 
  i do n't think your mayor is going to toss rocks at the police . 
   i wonder if this makes any german nervous at all . 
  no , we think it 's lovely . 
  also , pogromnacht was something completely different . 
   wo n't hurt them eeehhhh ... 
  people * are * angry . 
  some of them do n't seem to see the irony when they call for mass shootings of violent protesters though . 
  i think everyone is going nuts atm . 
  austria just went bankrupt . 
  and slovenia is invading , too . 
  nice , fresh spare parts for the german air force . 
  they really should get rid of the eurofighter and buy some subsonic light attack aircraft and a solid surface-to-air missile system . 
  they really only need the eurofighters for air policing , a cheap subsonic aircraft would also do the job at a much lower cost . 
  and in case of an actual war ... well , their efs are almost useless anyway as they ca n't launch medium or long range missiles , they would be downed without a chance . 
  a solid air defence system would probably pose a higher threat even to a technologically advanced attacker . 
  just a price tag or something . 
  eeehhh, 
  you can kinda see the blue banana ... 
  close to where i used to live , there was a large exercise a few weeks ago . 
  lots of people watching the soldiers , chatting with them , inviting them to a cup of coffee and some cake ... it 's simply * wrong * that soldiers ca n't expect any support . 
  wrong . 
  wrong . 
  wrong . 
   granted this is berlin so your mileage may vary . 
  it does . 
  a lot . 
  not even my most left wing friends ( `` let 's reinstall socialism and arrest the rich '' ) call soldiers murderers . 
  this whole `` germans hate their soldiers '' thing is nothing but a meme . 
  `` who was hellmood coal '', 
  [ ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/60/poster_inside_the_schwerbelastungskoerper.jpg/362px-poster_inside_the_schwerbelastungskoerper.jpg ), 
  mr blofeld quietly petting his cat . 
  coincidentally , those are mostly the states that already have the most holidays . 
  g o o d g u y e, 
  this is about boobs , right ? 
  no surprise it did n't even last 30 years . 
  that ferry is on my bucket list now . 
  mutti is n't comfortable with that . 
  you got ta respect that , man . 
  lel , no, 
   you folks pretend to be progressive and left , and then support the party that 's actually taking you right . 
  who exactly are you talking to ? 
   hamburg #  moving mouth muscles absolutely does n't check out . 
  mating season ? 
  til im constantly on swedish ecstasy . 
  that might actually be relevant to the topic of the article in this case . 
  but i get what you mean . 
  it 's not relevant and mentioning it at every opportunity makes you look stupid . 
  well , it 's not relevant at all in this case . 
   when german forces arrived in lithuania during world war ii every . 
  time . 
  putin is fending off the heat with his coolness . 
   it has so austrian . 
  you ca n't even breathe underwater . 
  not everywhere catching on fire is a national pastime . 
  technology not tested ? 
  very new ? 
  probably not only expensive but also more expensive than initially thought ? 
  high-risk project ? 
  the german military will love it !, 
  his ass . 
   brz !, 
  mrk !, 
  oh no is circuit of many short, 
  the best part is that the the heads of state of all the tiny countries are the only ones shown with their full faces . 
  - operations will be halted for up to 2 months - incirlik offers infrastructure that no jordanian air base can offer - incirlik is very close to the area of operations in syria/iraq - incirlik is probably far safer, 
  it 's not an intercept if they have n't entered your airspace . 
  could we stop with these misleading headlines ?
