  as if the right wing does n't `` know '' what 's good for the people . 
  i do n't think anyone has ever shown any proof that muslims are harder to integrate . 
  although everyone is stating that . 
  that shows us that this whole `` discussion '' has become a giant hate-wave . 
  now , that was racist . 
  yeah , i know about that . 
  and the greek are lazy . 
  yeah , sure . 
  we will integrate everyone . 
  * winks teutonically *, 
  and then there are these right-wing guys with their conspiracy theories who actually think that germany isnt ' t sovereign because of * one * sentence that could be interpreted in two ways ...  . <, 
  well , that 's when the `` treaty on the final settlement with respect to germany '' was signed . 
  it gave germany full soverignity . 
  i 'm no expert in legal things , but sometimes you hear people say that the german empire ( 1933-1945 ) did n't officially end in 1945 , but rather in 1990 , when this treaty was signed , or even 1991 , when it was ratified . 
  seems like poland is now in the same place as ( west - ) germany in cold war . 
  pray that they do n't drop nukes on you if russia ever loses it . 
  well , the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/aussiedler_und_sp%c3%a4taussiedler ) has quite a lot of information , but it 's only available in german/polish/russian . 
  i just realized that germany is kind of the exact opposite : always works perfectly but if it breaks down - oh boy ... 
  in germany the largest ethnic minority are ethnic germans from eastern europe who are now returning to germany ( since the late 1980s ) . 
  they mostly come from areas that used to be part of the german empire until 1945 ( or 1990 as some people would argue ) . 
  * edit : some sources also state that people of turkish ancestry make up the largest minority . 
  both groups are very similar in size though . 
  well , i 'm 21 and i usually use that word ... alternatively `` at-zeichen '' ( at-symbol ) . 
  true , part of the reason why the bundeswehr struggles so hard right now . 
  decisions on the military are made based on political and economical criteria . 
  well , german forces have n't seen a lot of combat , but they * have * . 
  the eagle has some serbian and taliban blood on it 's remaining feathers . 
  you are confusing the careful/passive foreign policy of germany with cowardice . 
  also : the official `` guideline '' of the german forces actually states prussian military traditions as a part of their identity . 
  i fee like i need to mention that germany is spending money on * upgrading * ( read : make the stuff they have work as intended ) . 
  we are n't talking about a larger military force though . 
  in fact , the german forces have 180,000 troops but only ~ 70 % of the stuff they would need to fully equip these troops ( that was completely intended btw !, 
  what really bothers me ( as a german ) a lot is that so many non-germans seem to think germany has changed into a pussy-country and needs to go back to where it was 100 years ago . 
  why would you think that prussian traditions are better than what we have today ? 
  prussian way of life is one of the reason why ww1 and also ww2 even happened . 
  common misconception : germany has * no * tanks in storage anymore !, 
  it 's 225 leopard 2 ( + another 100 will be brought back into service after they had been sold already ) . 
  germany has also * no * nukes . 
  you are thinking of us nukes that * could * be dropped by german fighter jets if the us allowed that . 
  meh , a european military does n't make sense unless it also comes with a european nation . 
  everything else would be terribly ineffective and also potentially dangerous/hard to control . 
  [ misunderstood russia . 
  you went full anti-hitler only to go full hitler at the same time . 
  impressive . 
   how do you reach political parties that do n't care about the citzens ? 
  you found a new party . 
  that 's why i mentioned the afd as an example . 
  while i do n't support that party , it 's a prime example for people taking things in their own hands . 
  now just found one that fits all the `` protest voters '' better than the far right wing parties do . 
  that would make sense . 
  also , i would like to point out that this whole discussion is slowly drifting away from where it started . 
  to prevent misunderstandings , keep in mind that i did n't intend to say people should n't vote for the right wing . 
  i encourage people to vote for whatever party respresents their interests . 
  and / u/silentbromius suggested that many right wing voters do n't do that since they share many interests with established parties * except * for immigration stuff . 
   or you could actively try to change it . 
  i did n't tell anyone what they should do , just what would be a sensible strategy in my opinion . 
  i asked the guy why people vote for the far right if they ( that was his opinion ) do n't even agree with them apart from their immigration policy . 
  it would make more sense to vote for a party that stands for most of your interests instead of just one ( immigration ) , no ? 
  as for 2. , well , obviously you can just whine about the lack of representation in the current political system * or * you could actively try to change it . 
  your choice . 
  phhh ... 
  [ there is this really old german book . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simplicius_simplicissimus ) there might be modern translations available on the interwebz . 
  being on the cold war frontline ? 
  meh , the german afd also did n't exist until a few years ago , that 's not an excuse imo . 
  no , muslims are obviously an exception to this . 
  / s , but that 's what you wanted to hear , right ? 
  he still has a point though , if people do n't actually * want * to elect the far right but are rather forced to do so ( which you seem to suggest ) , why do n't they just vote for a party that is basically like the established ones , except for a different stance on immigration ? 
  check out the turkey one . 
  whoa , first country not to ask why poortugal is worthless shit-rectangle . 
  there is no way yet to safely dispose any of the radioactive waste . 
  you do n't understand the joke here . 
  these ideas ( while they certainly seem ridiculous ) are * all * good ideas , that 's what makes this so extremely german . 
  we already have those . 
  it 's like 99.99999 % of the country so far . 
  not trying to offend any ukrainians here , but i do n't see how russia could grow stronger from anschlussing ukraine . 
  phhh . 
  glorious eurofighter mauser 27mm cannon !, 
  this is even more german , always have a perfect explanation for you weird behaviour to show it is actually highly efficient . 
  north germany : rain and cow shit . 
  downvotes make you stronk . 
  ok , we will just go back to killing non-germans then . 
  i take it you volunteer as the first victim ? 
  churchill to the germans ? 
  i mean , yeah , he basically ordered the raf to commit war crimes but there are definitely worse guys in german history . 
  whoawhoawhoa , are we trying to convince the world hitler was * not * austrian now ? 
  his dad had him locked in the basement , so he missed the news . 
   if you tried once to rule the whole continent well , * i * did n't . 
   you do n't get to enforce your rule another time without somebody being offended . 
  excuse me ? 
  did you see any german tanks rolling through warsaw ? 
  did n't think so . 
   germans lost their right to lecture other people for a long , long time . 
  i will say whatever i want and if you have a problem with that ... well , life is hard . 
   i 'm not calling any particular german a bad name yes , you do . 
  you also try to stop me from saying my opinion because some german killed your grandmas family . 
   although maybe in this case its stupid and overblown damn right , son . 
  well , apart from the medical service there ca n't be any female generals in the forces yet . 
  15 years is n't enough to make it . 
   it 's years of being told `` we 're the bad guys , look what have we done '' .
