  if your parents only have a * hauptschule * diploma , you will never make it . 
  * `` do n't mention the war lolololo !, 
  it 's true , german has an amazing variety of accents and dialects . 
  swiss german and it 's dialects are n't actually as bad as i made it sound though . 
  the swiss are some kind of filthy-rich , high-tech , always-on-time , cheese-eating , sharpshooting , yodeling , slow-speaking , throat-cancer-stricken mountain-masterrace . 
  austrians are arrogant/jelly because we are big and relevant and the only thing they have is ... uh ... mountains and weird words for normal things and lots of old things n ' stuff . 
  the czech are cool , they have beer and porn . 
  but they 're also a bit russian . 
  poles used to steal things and and do n't like us but recently they 've started to behave like a proper western european country . 
  they hate russia more than us right now . 
  they also abduct our old furniture and electronics in white vans . 
  they 're all ultra-conservative catholics and that old pope dude is their king . 
  the danish drink alcohol and ca n't drive . 
  we go to denmark for vacation and they all speak german 24/7 , they do n't have an own language . 
  the netherlands are like germany , but cuter and with windmills and drugs . 
  they are like hermit crabs because every dutch is issued with a caravan when they are born , they use them to congest our autobahn and lower our gdp . 
  i hope they do n't drown though , they do funny things . 
  also bicycles . 
  they exist ( but for how long ? ) . 
  oh right , they got that pissing guy and that rapist . 
  for further information , see the paragraphs directly above and below this one . 
  the french eat food/frogs and speak french which is cool . 
  luxemburg is said to actually exist and i think they also speak german or something . 
  banks . 
  they are famous for banks and money . 
  the germans do n't do it . 
  i think we are vaguely aware of the existence of a country that got the colours on their flag all messed up , but that 's about it . 
  mostly chicken and fish . 
  sometimes beef or pork . 
  very rarely : lamb , rabbit , deer , doe , duck , wild boar . 
  i 've killed a rabbit with my car once :3, 
  netherlands or sweden . 
  netherlands are the closest culturally and sweden is a cool place . 
  ww2 was a just a bdsm session and the safe word was `` heil hitler '' . 
  it could 've been over so quickly , but noooo ... 
   do germans consider germany 's history to begin with the emergence of the german nation or the emergence of the german culture ? 
  i think most people ( possibly even historians ) could n't answer that question . 
  you could argue that it all began with the big bang . 
  or you could say that it began in 1871 when germany was founded . 
  or maybe with francia . 
  usually not , but it just sounds wrong when you do n't do it . 
  so , first of all we do n't usually get to choose classes . 
  * my * history lessons covered the war of independence and that was it . 
  nothing about the rest of the americas either , apart from general lessons on colonialism . 
  however , our english lessons usually also cover some history of english speaking countries . 
  i remember that we learned a hong or two about slave trade in the us ( or the colonies rather ) . 
  and we obviously also had lots of topics in history lessons where the us played a role ( the world wars , cold war mostly ) . 
  p\u00f8lser can not cross big eider river , remove r\u00f8dgr\u00f8d, 
  never !, 
  the prussian half !, 
  i 'm both kraut and baltic :3, 
   might whenever i 'm in spain , i fall in love at every corner . 
  \\  northsea it 's the baltic !, 
  baltic peoples stronk !, 
  not where the mud is . 
   we actually wear this from time to time privately , believe it or not . 
  i ca n't even . 
  you southerners are a weird bunch . 
  one `` half '' of the country will probably never catch up economically . 
   do you believe in one or more god ( s ) ? 
   are you a member of a religious society ? 
  yes . 
   do you ever say a prayer , meditate , etc ? 
   do you perceive yourself as ... not believing . 
  but i prefer the scientific apporach : as long as you ca n't prove there is a god , you will never know if he/she/it exists . 
   what is your general perception of religion ? 
  religion is useful where reason wo n't bring you far , for example in absolutely hopeless situations . 
  it might give you some more strength . 
  reason and religion are opposites imo . 
  the weather . 
  one day you 're drowning and freezing to death in the middle of summer , the other day the whole country goes up in flames . 
  mostly we 're freezing and drowning though . 
  north germany : ~ ~ we put our fallen warriors in a boat together with all their belongings ( that includes wives and slaves ) and burn it somewhere in a swamp . 
  then everyone gets drunk . ~ ~ oh wait , that 's the oldschool way . 
  if it 's a cremation , the funeral service and the actual funeral are usually on two different days . 
  first , there is the funeral service where we do christian things ( protestant things to be precise , no catholics up here ) , then everyone goes to a restaurant for `` coffee and cake '' . 
  depending on the deceased 's age and/or popularity , this can be either a very fun and pleasant family gathering or a very depressing situation . 
  if the former is the case , everyone ( except maybe for very close family members/friends ) nopes out as soon as etiquette allows . 
  in the meantime the cremation takes place , usually without anyone attending it . 
  a few days later , the funeral takes place , often only a small number of people attend it since everyone already attended the service . 
  a ` normal ' funeral is the same , just everything on the same day . 
  the service ends , the coffin is carried to the grave and everyone throws a handful of dirt and a flower in the open grave . 
  after that - you guess it - coffee and cake . 
  open casket funerals and all that are not too common . 
  i do n't see the appeal anyway , dead people look pretty shitty and nothing like they used to when they were still alive . 
  nice b8 m8 5/7, 
  ^ ^ [ ~ ~ this . ~ ~ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fychlkamncy ) [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9repc ) does n't get more european than eurodance . 
  sweden , denmark and norway have a rather universal welfare state while germany for example has a coporatist one . 
  let 's assume you have just lost your job : in the scandinavian countries you will get money if you need it and everyone receives the same amount of welfare ( do n't know the datails here ) . 
  the german system would give you as much welfare as you ` deserve ' . 
  if you had a well-paid job you are eligible for more support than a worker who only made minimum wage ( it 's different for the long-term unemployed though ) . 
  on top of that , if you have a rich spouse you wo n't see a lot of money either . 
  check out our [ mud . 
  well , where do i begin ... 
  [ this . 
  * nods back *, 
  i exclusively lived off various types of baguettes when visited france the last time . 
  i can still feel the crust stuck between my teeth , my gums were bleeding after a few days . 
  i do n't speak my local dialect ( plattdeutsch ) , barely anyone who is younger than ~ 60 years does .
