occasionally i try to fight all this right-wing crap on here , but it 's pointless . 
  if i had a euro for every downvote i get blah blah . 
  all aboard the hate-train to holocaust-2 .0 - ville !, 
  you are not alone , bruh , i got your back . 
  this subreddit is slowly transforming into a racist circle-jerk . 
  but if you dare to point that out ... oh boy ... the worst thing is when obvious racist deny that they are racist , arguing against that is like smashing your head against a brick wall . 
  it 's the other way round these days : if you suggest that immigrants are just people , you will be accused of accusing someone else of racism . 
  oh my god , how dare you suggest that the culprit was * not * an immigrant , you self-hating socialist !, 
  shhh , mountain guy , i know the loss of good ol' hitl . . er ... haider hit you hard but you really need to control your emotions . 
   if you do n't constantly train in being the most hated category of immigrants , some day , somebody from another corner of the world will ... `` take your job '' . 
  phew , good thing i 'm german . 
  the brits will never let me down lel . 
   and the ones depicted in op 's photo want to reunify germany even more . 
  lol , adi would be proud, 
  `` easteuro '' ... goes with your comment, 
  well , what 's going on right now is that both sides , pro and contra immigration , are desperately trying to bring examples that support their points . 
  the right wing tries to show us how dangerous islam is , while the left wing says that muslims immigrants are just humans like us . 
  that 's not really how you solve problems . 
   whatever poland did to germans does n't compare in the slightest with what germans have been doing to poland and poles . 
  so if i murder 10 people it 's perfectly fine for you to murder 3 people ? 
  that 's not how it works , or rather how it * should n't * work . 
  look , no one ( except some dicks ) in germany is denying what our grandparents did . 
  however , it appears to me that many people in eastern europe are in denial of what happened to german civilians after the war . 
  i 'm not interested in making the german crimes seem less bad . 
  they were incredibly bad and i think it 's perfectly ok that the eastern areas of germany are now part of poland , i do n't want that to change . 
  so what are they in your opinion ? 
  are they not nice and good people ? 
  i 'm not trying to be a dick , it 's a serious question . 
  ( i know , i will probably get a massive amount of downvotes for this . ), 
  well , i did n't say it does n't play a role . 
  i only said the role of religion has been overestimated . 
  you sure have met lots of ` guys ' that happen to prove your points ... 
  he is right though ( not about the 99,9 % , but still ) . 
  suggesting that germans could take pride in the nazi era could be considered * very * offensive , depending on the person . 
  the way i see it : you ca n't just separate the military actions of the german forces from the political context , which is national socialism . 
  that means the german military was an important part of the nazi regime and being proud of it is pretty much the same as being proud of the nazis . 
   if we are talking with primarily german interests in mind ... 
  it seems that you are mainly talking with `` keep the german blood pure '' interests in mind . 
  i 'm sorry , but i fail to see how an ethnic group can go extinct by mixing with others , since ethnic groups are always a product of the mixing of different ethnicities . 
  i was just trying to contribute to this discussion by adding a new perspective to it and encourage people to further reflect on the topic , considering this possibility ( of releigion not being that important ) as well . 
  thanks for the downvote anyway . 
  now , what was the purpose of your comment again ? 
   them being christians only improves the odds of a successful integration [ ... ] i ca n't provide a link or anything , but i 've heard of recent studies that suggest that religion is in fact not that important for integration . 
  still , that 's probably what most people think . 
  you are right , although i believe integration does n't only depend on the migrants , but also on the `` natives '' . 
  the european societies need to be open ( do n't give up our morals though , secularism etc. 
  are the reason why europe is a good place ) and the migrants need to be willing to adapt . 
  * edit : oh boy , the downvotes , xenophobia is strong in this subreddit ... looks like some people ca n't handle different opinions . 
  whether or not there will be ethnic tensions completely depends on how each country handles immigration . 
  if you do it right , countries facing demographic challenges could profit from the influx of young people . 
  you need to keep in mind that not all of the migrants ( especially refugees from syria etc. ), 
  are uneducated peasants . 
  some of them are already well-educated . 
  the others should be given work as soon as possible . 
  some countries should consider changes to their educational systems in order to make it easier for the migrants children to achieve a higher level of education . 
  that will teach them european values ( secularism for example ! ), 
  which shoud also lead to a low risk of ethnic tensions . 
  in other words : if right-wingers continue to only point out the possible dangers that come with immigration the outcome will be bad for both the migrants and europe . 
  if people realise that immigration brings an oportunity to solve some of our problems and if they also were able to not only think in sterotypes , the outcome could be quite good . 
  the political left needs to realise that there is an opposition to their `` refugees welcome '' policy and that there is no use in trying to push their agenda against the will of a significant amount of people . 
  oh come on , i do n't think being racist is a tradition in lithuania . 
  it ca n't possibly be * that * bad there . 
  now that 's funny . 
  ca n't take my criticism ? 
  too bad . 
  one last time : german ethnicity is a mixture of lots of ethnicities . 
  just like every ethnicity in this world . 
  in other words : ethnicity was never a `` static '' thing that you could preserve in some way . 
  i 'm going to play some planetside 2 now . 
  also , i feel flattered that you think i 'm so young . 
  well , if you make them work they ca n't educate themselves and they will always be low-wage workers . 
  i think it 's better to try and educate them as well as possible . 
  that will make integration a lot easier and the country 's economy will benfit * a lot * . 
  german ethnicity exists ( kind of , you will realise there are differences if you ever visit us ) . 
  and do you know why it exists ? 
  because of thousands of years of migration . 
  boom . 
  right-wing bubble bursted . 
  he has love for humans , which is great . 
  if all people did that , we would live in a better world . 
   germany was already full of germans umm ... no . 
  do you think that one day , a few millions of years ago , germany just popped up and it was full of beer-drinking germans ? 
  nope . 
  the land was empty and then humans came . 
  and since then there has always been migration . 
  the city where i was born has a slavic name . 
  the city where i used to live has a danish name ( kinda ) . 
  so what exactly is your point again ? 
  germany as we know it today is the product of thousands of years of migration and that wo n't change . 
  you however , are trying to stop this natural process . 
  that is not possible and does n't make sense . 
  tak any country that has stopped letting in other people completely and you will see that it 's probably a shithole ( north korea ! ) . 
  humans are humans . 
  create a society that is open to immigrants and you will benefit greatly from it . 
  germany will die without them . 
  and i wo n't let that happen just because some guy wants it to be a `` pure '' country . 
   germany should stay germany . 
   this is straight up invasion that is in fact quite racist . 
  sorry if that offends you . 
  you are implying that germans are worth more than immigrants .
