  i did n't take the 1.5 literally , i 'm just explaining why the other guy wrote what he wrote . 
  yeah obviously , but it if people write comments like that without any further explanation , it does seem like they do n't know too much about the topic and the little information they have is from a tabloid . 
  ca n't tell how much they really know . 
  hey , we deployed a whopping * 6 * !, 
  and a tanker . 
  and instructors . 
  and weapons . 
  maybe not even that lame now that i think about it . 
  they are not even a threat to stability . 
  however , our reactions to terrorism could be exactly that . 
  isis ca n't blow up democracy , they ca n't blow up our rights , they ca n't blow up our societies . 
  but they can spread fear . 
  and people do stupid things when they are scared . 
  you know , the jedi were right , fear * is * the path to the dark side . 
  i 'm sure what the person wanted to say is that terrorism ca n't be an existential threat to a stable state . 
  all they can really do in the end is spread fear ( it works , as the survey shows ) . 
  they ca n't physically capture europe or destroy us . 
  and i 'm not trying to say the attacks in belgium and france were n't horrible . 
  but they are n't as much of a threat as an escalation of the conflict with russia could be . 
  that would leave far more people dead and could lead to the actual collapse of states ( see any major war of the past for reference ) . 
  no pictures . 
  do n't believe this is true . 
  czechoslovenia ? 
  that , 
  why ? 
  possibly , but in reality the german military is quite active in ee . 
  only 30-40 % here supported the mission in afghanistan and yet we still have troops there after 15 years . 
  but they do ? 
  kosovo war round 2 , fight !, 
  busy in africa . 
  like they usually are . 
  actually , the f-5 is still in regular service with the swiss air force . 
  they might even modernize it since they probably wo n't receive a new fighter jet for quite a while . 
  same . 
  will now hang my head and possibly myself in shame . 
  well , accepting refugees and allowing visa-free travel for the citizens of a country are two completely different things . 
  you do n't have to do the one thing if you do the other one . 
  catalonians . 
  [ europe by day in 2097 , according to the right wing . 
  ] ( http://kingofwallpapers.com/brown/brown-024.jpg ), 
  that show used to be funny , but it 's the same stuff over and over these days . 
  i really think it has to do with a country 's `` relevance '' . 
  europeans might feel a little bit `` small '' when compared to the usa , so we sometimes feel the need to point out the bad things . 
  i often see this happen between germans and austrians , while germans usually point out what a lovely country austria is , it seems that austrians like to make fun of their neighbors a bit more than germans do . 
  the wind would need to be quite strong to allow high waves to build up . 
  it 's probably a warning for swimmers , surfers etc. 
  the baltic sea does n't have waves . 
  waaaait , you are a * jew * ? 
  rule germania . 
  i know , i just saw an oportunity to be a smartass :3, 
   the ballistic missile submarines have not put to sea awaiting the launch codes . 
  * actually * submarines are an important part of nuclear deterrence for every nuclear power . 
  i know for sure that the russians , the usa , france and the uk do nuclear patrols with live warheads . 
  the goal is to have at least one submarine somwhere in the ocean at any given time , ready to strike ( back ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_teutoburg_forest ), 
  [ i made this . 
  the invention of cars was just a plot by the persians . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 . 
  which obviously does n't mean they speak english better than whatever is their native language . 
  * slow clap *, 
  might be important to add that the southern valleys are still a lot higher than the northern hilltops . 
  let me be more clear about this : if you seek asylum in europe any country will * have * to do . 
  the kid died :( and that guy sitting in the doorway wrapped in a blanket turns out to be the migrant smuggler . 
  he gets some shit from the german cop . 
  does n't really matter . 
  if they seek asylum , any place in europe will do . 
  and if they decide to stay at home instead - well , no problem either . 
  let 's see what eastern europe thinks of that ... 
  and the worst thing is : he is right !, 
  at least we can get our cancer treatment for free . 
  truly a wise man . 
  my * espa\u00f1ol nivel medio * made me understand a few words . 
  ## it 's - a me-a !, 
  i was assuming that both actually did the same . 
  did n't even read the article . 
  * if * both sides do the same thing , my point stands . 
  it does n't . 
  if i got a ticket for speeding , i could still criticize people if they did the same , my criticism would n't be less valid . 
  and guess who is better off with that now ? 
   but every nation has this sort of thing guess who does n't :3, 
  that 's interesting , becaues swedish is really hard for us to understand . 
  or , as the usians put it , we would be speaking german . 
  and was followed by politburo . 
  igor . 
  that guy made me fucking rage . 
  i will angrily eat lunch now . 
  i just compared the uk and german forces ( yeah , i know that 's what 13 year olds do ) and i was surprised to see that we are not really far behind you . 
  royal navy is bigger ( obviously ) , royal air force has some more fighter aircraft and the two armies are roughly equal ( the german one seems to a bit larger ) . 
  but i fully agree , the current state of the german forces is inacceptable . 
  first thing we need to do is set an actual goal , no one here really knows what our military is even supposed to do . 
  during cold war it was quite clear . 
  but now ? 
  fight terrorism ? 
  counterinsurgency ? 
  humanitarian missions ? 
  those are all treated as equally important right now , but of course you ca n't handle all that at the same time with a military of only 180,000 . 
  well , it 's not * that * bad . 
  i 'm still not quite sure why you think we are spineless ... ? 
  i mean , yeah , i tend to slouch quite a bit when i 'm sitting in my computer chair buuut ... 
  seems a bit weird to build carriers for # 6.2 bn and all they will be doing is launch jets that throw bombs on isis/other sand people .
