  greece and turkey have been on the brink of war a few times . 
  of course , shit = schei\u00df ** e ** . 
  qualit\u00e4tsschei\u00dfepfosten * spaces are for the weak . 
  well , the bundeswehr was desperately looking for some cool tradition stuff that did n't have too much of a nazi touch to it . 
   infantry regiment 9 of the wehrmacht . 
  big difference . 
  ukraine and russia . 
  i bet they 're all in paris . 
  * snoop dogg dancing with weed leaves and dorito bags in the background . 
  so , southern france then ? 
  hard to say but it would definitely be a football player . 
  i think judo is quite popular in france , more than in most of europe at least . 
  nothing was too difficult , but word order and when to use which tense are probably the most difficult part . 
  it becomes a little easier with every additional language you learn though . 
  the english ( and especially the north american ) r sounds like `` rrawwwrarawaawrrrarrwwrr '' while the german r is more like `` khrrkrrrkhrr '' . 
  or something like that . 
  i do n't know . 
  never really , i live in a city that does n't have any military bases nearby . 
  but where i used to live , i saw ( mostly heard ) fighter jets , transport aircraft and helicopters almost daily . 
  and the occasional truck or jeep going somewhere . 
  stop most of your wars . 
  i 've been to norway a few times , it 's a very peaceful , tidy and welcoming country . 
  it 's probably one of the safest places in the world . 
  for everyone . 
  extremely chewy steak from the canteen . 
  no country but rather the floor of my local ikea on saturdays . 
  when i still lived in a rather small town : not more often than once a week . 
  it 's probably closer to one or two in a month . 
  and usually the same people . 
  we even had one black kid in elementary school i think . 
  there are more of them in the larger cities though . 
  i see maybe 1-5 a day now . 
  imma have to side with the froggies tbh . 
  my kind of country . 
  i want water , no fucking air . 
  meh , not too sure about that . 
  ww2 was not caused by hitler alone . 
  pretty much every minority , as long as they are not from western europe . 
  netherlands !!, 
  at my place ? 
  in other peoples houses ? 
  depends . 
  when they 're good friends , they will ask you to take them off ( maybe ) or you will take them off because it 's more comfortable anyway . 
  most people wo n't ask a stranger to take their shoes off though , i do n't even know why . 
  no wonder we got rid of the draft . 
  german police has n't changed anything really . 
  back in cold war , our federal police was a paramilitary unit , they even had anti-tank weaponry and anti-aircraft cannons for a while . 
  a tiny little submachine gun does n't make a police officer a soldier . 
  the police does n't even make use of military tactics , they behave just like a police force typically does ( arresting people instead of levelling entire buildings to kill an enemy inside it , for example ) . 
  so far , no one has hit me with any really convincing arguments as to why submachine guns and body armour are a problem for democracy . 
  if you want to prevent a police state , have a close look at the * legal * side of counter-terrorism . 
  hitler did n't come to power with guns . 
  because somehow just * spacehippo * is already taken on almost ever single online game i 've ever played . 
  bundesflagge ( the federation 's flag ), 
  danziger stra\u00dfe , els\u00e4sser stra\u00dfe , ... ( i 'm not even kidding , those names are super common ) . 
  in my building it 's cold on the left and even colder on the right . 
   seemingly naive to the fact that if he had a choice in the matter he never would have been in the military at all . 
  it 's ( almost ) like playing funeral songs with car horns when burying the victim of a car crash . 
   and i daresay it is more socially acceptable than in germany . 
  what ? 
  any specific reasons for that ? 
  ukraine . 
   was it related to the unrest in the east ? 
  certainly not , there was no unrest , no one was injured . 
   what was their reason for opposing reunification they were simply afraid of german `` hard power '' . 
  the west and east german militaries combined would have been the second-largest force in europe , after the red army . 
  and no one really knew if reunified germany would still see any sense in being part of a western alliance that was meant to keep the soviet union in check , which was about to collapse at that point . 
  economic reasons also definitely played a role , germany still gets a whole lot of shit these days for being so economically dominant in europe . 
  those kind of `` salads '' are also pretty popular in germany , we usually put them on a slice of bread . 
  do you reckon they might make us part of some fucked up masterrace breeding programme ... ? 
  on the one hand , the left wing has killed far less people in germany in the past , so that seems like the safer choice , statistically speaking . 
  on the other hand , i 'm a blond and blue-eyed native male , i could just shut my mouth and live in peace under the right-wing regime ... 
  turks and other middle-eastern ethnicites usually only marry people of the same group . 
  with the other ethnicites you ca n't really tell because they 're all sort of white . 
  that wo n't change anything . 
  they win the wars , we win the important things . 
  in written , formal language , yes . 
  in spoken language or informal written language - no . 
  same in north germany . 
  pr\u00e4teritum sounds very posh to me . 
  [ this one . 
  ] ( https://mdm.scene7.com/is/image/mdm/10%20jahre%20w%c3%a4hrungsunion ) by far . 
  yes . 
  but i 'm not serious because i know those tribes were not germans . 
  around the napoleonic wars probably . 
  that 's when people really started to like the idea of german state . 
  pretty harsh . 
  for work stuff etc. 
  `` late '' means 1 minute or more . 
  for everything else , `` late '' starts somewhere around 10-15min . 
  but do they rush b ? 
  people seem to prefer phones that are roughly [ this ] ( https://bilder.kalaydo.de/kalaydo/images/2016/04/27/01/05623290/large_image_0.jpg?lastmodified=1461712500000 ) size . 
  that i 'm constantly late and would be even later if i did n't jaywalk . 
  i would switch austria for switzerland . 
  no particular reason , just want to mess with them a little . 
  so are doors . 
  we do n't usually jump out the window . 
  albanians : they got knives . 
  bosniaks : probably also got knives . 
  i do n't really expect anyone to speak german , but you should also realize that you ca n't expect everyone else to speak english .
