  is there something wrong with minarets ? 
  are they evil terrorist stuff ? 
  but at the same time churches can have a tower and even ring their bells in the middle of the night ? 
  nah mate , somethings messed up there . 
  building standard vs. religious freedom - which one is more important ? 
  no , it still is n't . 
  that was just plain ignorance , closing mosques that preach islamism is actually reasonable . 
  banning minarets because it 's not swiss enough is bullcrap , sorry . 
  yes !, 
  you wo n't be able to make young german women ( especially the ones with academic degrees ) stay at home until their kid is old enough to go to school . 
  gender roles are changing , the cdu seems to think they could revert that and make mothers stay in the kitchen . 
  the problem is that in a few generations , these immigrants will have adapted their fertility rate to the german level . 
  which would then require you to convince even more people to come to germany , that is not a very realiable way to stabilize an economy . 
  what if some day there is no one left who wants to go to germany ? 
  no , immigration can only help in the short run , in the long run germany needs to rely on a concept that allows women to have children and still work a full-time job . 
  the current conservative government does n't understand that ( or they just do n't * want * to ) . 
  what makes it even worse is that they also oppose immigration . 
  the cdu will be germany 's death if they continue to live in their conservative utopia . 
  the ddr had it figured out , the share of working moms is still significantly higher in east germany . 
  there is a solution , but people fail to see it . 
  the german welfare system encourages women to stay at home for quite a while after their child 's birth . 
  at the same time , young women want to work as much as men , so staying at home is n't very appealing to them . 
  that 's the problem . 
  a conservative government that does n't understand what people want right now . 
  it also smells like cheap plastic ... 
  got one at the atm an hour ago . 
  i know , i know ... 
  this is one of the rare cases which completely justify mild violence . 
  i actually feel really sorry for the one ( ! ), 
  guy that was killed . 
  but if you 're in turkish airspace they have the right to shoot you down . 
  it was probably an accident that they entered though . 
  as much as i hate erdogan and his politics , turkey did the right thing ( if the russian jet actually entered turkish air space ) . 
  russia has been playing the `` i 'm not touching you '' - game for too long now . 
  east germany . 
  there is nothing but wasteland around it . 
  and hipsters wo n't make the economy grow either . 
  during cold war , ( west ) berlin was n't the best place for business , that 's why other areas of west germany are better off today . 
  when i think of new york the only thing that comes to my mind is manhattan , i could n't find it so i had to take a ~ ~ good ~ ~ guess :d which state is yours ? 
  [ tried my best . 
  [ oh god , now that i saw the other comments i feel pretty dumb , i always thought i was good at geography ... * cringes * ], 
  i 've heard rumors the new polish government is afraid of a muslim reich emerging in the west ... ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  not a whole lot for a combat-country , but a whole effin lot for germany . 
  the german air force cycled quite a lot back in 1999 , fired over 200 missiles on yugoslavia . 
  was n't too popular . 
  probably wo n't happen again for a while . 
  tl ; dr translation : they might send panavia tornado reconaissance aircraft . 
  might . 
  so maybe the russian air force planned their sorties with syrian maps ? 
  well , it checks out , does n't it ? 
  always blame it on the muslims , except when you can blame the jews , then blame the jews . 
  \u0295 \u2022 \u1d25 \u2022 \u0294, 
  your mother however , * is * a sovereign country . 
  careful or we might decide to revoke the un-anschluss . 
   `` munich '' instead of `` m\u00fcnchen '' ? 
   then there is no `` requesting some partner country '' . 
  its would be all the same military . 
  but are we really talking about an actual unified eu military here ? 
  integration could mean anything , it could also mean that each country specialises in a certain role which bears the risk of the dutch having to rely on their partners for air support , for example . 
  the dutch-german battallion is in fact an attempt by the dutch to regain the ability to conduct armoured operations . 
  they sold all of their main battle tanks a few years ago and now they are leasing a number of mbts from the german army which allows them to field one armoured company . 
  germany decided to increase the amount of mbts in service as a consequence of the ukraine war , so founding a binational battallion was the obvious thing to do . 
  so , while this is an example of integration , it 's also consistent with the dutch goal to rely on their own assets rather than those of their international partners . 
  that was us germans actually . 
  no need to worry though , not at all , carry on with whatever you were doing . 
  ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ deploy ^ ^ some ^ ^ 200.000 ^ ^ troops ^ ^ to ^ ^ mali ... ? 
  ssss-ssss gib balticsss, 
  you 're just jelly because the netherlands do n't have rocks and you have to build your houses from baked mud . 
  and the ... * nozzle * is swedish . 
  [ the true reason why we have n't invaded any of you in a while . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_student_movement ) in short , it was the first post-war generation taking it to the streets after they realised their dear parents had suported/tolerated the nazis . 
  if that does n't make your rebellious teenager/young adult phase even more intense i do n't know what will . 
  led to lots of social unrest and even violence ( you might have heard of the left-wing terrorist organisation raf ) , but also to an actual discussion of certain events between 1933 and 1945 . 
  that probably would n't have happened otherwise . 
  have a look at how japan handles it past to get a vague idea of how germany 's realtionships to it 's neighbors would be today . 
  this might also be one of the reasons why the eastern bits of germany see so much more neonazi acivity than the western part . 
  accents are even more numerous than dialects . 
  the worst part is when you 're cycling and the snow flakes stab your eyes like fucking shurikens . 
  leave it !, 
  * cement-ary * fits pretty well with what / u/random-guy 410 said . 
  so the * cementary * part in the title is not a typo ? 
  i never said i thought it was illegal , i 'm just surprised it 's legal . 
  well , we could start a massive argument now , but i will just take the shortcut and conclude that our social/cultural/whatever backgrounds are too different to really understand each others positions . 
  at least i 'm having some trouble . 
  wow . 
  that 's simply unimaginable in germany . 
  asking your closest friends about their salary is already considered a touchy subject . 
  i guess that 's what a couple of dictatorships do to people . 
  it 's cool if finns are ok with that , but i 'm afraid for most germans this would be literally hitler ^ 2 . 
  can confirm , i read this post 5 times just to make sure i got it right . 
  still ca n't believe it , i 'm not exaggerating . 
  i 'm shocked that this is even legal . 
  just to make sure i understand this : literally anyone could check how much their neighbor , coworker , friend , taxi driver etc. 
  makes ? 
  i 'm aware that germans value their privacy a bit more than most of europe but this is just ridiculous . 
  from my ( german ) persepctive that 's like gestapo + stasi x1000000000000 . 
  is this a misunderstanding ? 
  do you actually do this ? 
  like he said , it 's far from `` no videos '' . 
  and of course you could just go to spotify or buy a physical copy of the record .
