  revolutions in warfare do n't happen every 20 years . 
  got ta keep those germans in check . 
  you ca n't have a functional eu military without a eu superstate with one sovereign government . 
  how would that work ? 
  `` alright guys , we 're going to war !, 
  what 's that ? 
  french soldiers can only take orders from the french government ? 
  the spanish do n't understand the germans when they try to speak english ? 
  romania uses the wrong type of ammunition ? 
  huh . '', 
  i really did n't expect our gov to go * that * low . 
  edit : spent the whole day in the library wiithout chekcing the news , seems like i was right not to expect that . 
  braise be allah !, 
  of course they will be the ruling party , who else could do that ? 
  the german military * must * be controlled by the parliament , and that includes regular visits . 
  it 's basically a constitutional requirement . 
  so it 's either leaving the air base or giving in to the turkish demands . 
  one is expensive and tactically stupid , the other option does n't cost anything . 
  yeah . 
  everyone here has a bit of an accent . 
  hannover is no exception . 
  that 's an accent . 
  i bet my ass that no more than 15 % of all kielers speak plattdeutsch . 
  probably way less . 
   much more efficient to divide the w\u00f6rk the germanization has begun . 
  we might have gone too far . 
   delicate lips . 
  stupid sexy famas . 
  why is everyone so obsessed with hannover ? 
  it 's pretty much all of northern germany that speaks no dialect . 
  i do n't know a single person younger than 70 years who speaks it . 
  germany was actually the first international jdam customer . 
  are you ready to ruuuumbleeee ? 
  \\  send brown people to jamel \\  hilarity ensues, 
   thats not what we agreed on , angela . 
  the problem is that the eu did n't agree on anything really . 
  no one had a good plan on what to do with such a huge influx of migrants . 
  there was no proper way to stop them from entering the eu , there was no proper way of dealing with them on ce they 're in . 
  blaming this on germany is surely what some people would love to do , but it hides the fact that the whole union failed . 
  oh boy , prepare for the downvotes . 
  although you might have some sort of point , ee interest really do n't go well with we interests these days , not what should happen in a european * union * . 
  h u i b u b u i b u b, 
  it would also probably result in huge clusterfuck because of overlapping competences . 
  iirc there have been instances where the mad ( military intelligence ) had information on possible terrorists but did n't share it with the civilian aithorities . 
  there are no southern europeans in the commission ? 
   disfarage ftfy . 
  will ... will they make us pay for it ? 
   secular eh well , not * that * secular to be honest . 
  church collects taxes , government party indentifies as christian , encourages families to live the `` classic '' way ( wife stays at home , takes care of kids ) etc. 
  keeps the people quiet . 
  germany used to have an inheritance tax iirc . 
  it was declared unconstitutional though . 
  not because of the tax itself , but rather because it focussed on financial inheritance for practical reasons , while inherited land and other things were pretty much exempt from it . 
  and that was unconstitutional since it meant that people were treated differently in an unfair way . 
  at least that 's how i remember the story , ianal . 
  better watch your hawaii . 
  both stories are just inflated bullshit . 
  move on . 
  now you 're just asking for round three . 
  i 'm 100 % sure this is mostly a rection to the recent tensions with russia over the whole ukraine thing . 
  a whopping 3000 will be deployed to the baltics . 
  i hear the russians are already burning everything west of moscow to the ground . 
  well , they have n't left yet . 
  i imagine things might get more intense once they 're really leaving . 
  considering the french only send their mirages , the german air force is the one that has the most capable aircraft in this mission . 
  * g\u00fcnter * ? 
  they literally dump sand there , you 're not wrong . 
  we are talking about austria , it should be `` prepare the champagne and celebrate !, 
  eurasiato anyone ? 
  the north is the east of the west . 
  for anyone wondering : the name could be read as `` michael projectileman '' . 
  well , you did n't fulfill your part of the deal , ehehe . 
  uuuh ... rule of law ? 
  i do , but i ca n't understand them since he speaks chinese . 
  we 're not !, 
   i bet even ~ ~ leaving ~ ~ the chair ~ ~ empty ~ ~ would be a better option, 
  i would probably try to go to one of the most peaceful places on earth : north america . 
  not the first european to do so in times of hardship . 
  nah , haul ass so that * you * may live . 
  good ol' david and pablo . 
  it might be based on having russia as a neighbor . 
  i never understood that really . 
  the bundeswehr has top notch military equipment , regularly shows skills in international exercises , has actually fought wars with minimal losses and yet everyone seems to think of them as some kind of kindergarten . 
  the irony : paris is also the part that has black street vendors selling selfie sticks to tourists . 
  at all coasts *, 
   western european balkan germans do n't count . 
  quite a fight . 
  despite all the rumours and unqualified banter , the german air force surely has some sweet stuff in their hangars . 
  check wikipedia for more . 
  the biggest problem seems to be the amount of aircraft that could be deployed quickly , there have been/still are problems with airworthiness . 
  mostly due to lack of spare parts etc. 
   calls 4th generation fighter pile of scrap metal wew, 
  implying you were n't already doing that . 
  the burning globe though, 
  japan is also conveniently placed on the other side of the globe . 
  it 's pretty easy for them to just ignore the issue . 
  every successful politician has to be populist . 
  [ rawr . 
  tbh the dude does n't look like he really has a plan . 
  jesus christ , please check your titles before submitting things .
