  no it 's not . 
  where do you guys get this crap from ? 
  i guess it was the war and the lack of universities and professors that were n't auschwitzed/didn ' t emigrate . 
  i was born in the early 90s in western germany ( kinda rural , not too much though ) and i 'm pretty sure i didnt see more than ~ 20 black people in 19 years , until i moved to a bigger city . 
  that 's completely normal in germany . 
  might be different in the south , with all the us soldiers . 
  also for austrian men ... 
   suspects, 
  or they could be natural enemies , since they share a common border and russia has lots of natural resources in it 's far east regions . 
  russia is constantly trying to get in trouble with everyone around them . 
  that 's the opposite of what china needs to do if they ever want to be a world power . 
  do you follow the recent events in germany ? 
  that wo n't happen imo . 
  very optimistic . 
  the ` murican way of ~ ~ life ~ ~ death . 
  they do n't though . 
  or do you see china supporting the annexation of crimea or russia 's intervention in syria ? 
  russia is a bad friend for an aspiring nation like china . 
  meanwhile in germany : after 2 days of snow people start complaining . 
   ... why are n't they investing in bringing the eurofighter fleet up to scratch ? 
  they are . 
  the ef will be fitted with cruise missiles and all kinds of bombs . 
  also consider that you need to keep the defensive industry alive if you want to be able to defend yourself . 
  summary : the `` next generation weapon system '' will be developped in cooperation with other european nations ( that 's the plan at least ) from 2016 on . 
  it might also be both a manned and unmanned aircraft ( 2 in 1 ) . 
  the tornado will remain in service until 2025 , possibly even 2035 . 
  the whole project is only in it 's first phase atm , so no one really knows more than this . 
  the only reason for this decision that i 've heard ( not from official sources ) is that the ef typhoon will probably not be able to carry b61 nuclear bombs , unlike the panavia tornado . 
  btw : i would n't say that everything is falling apart , most of the german forces equipment is very modern . 
  problems are mostly a small stock of spare parts and not enough soldiers for maintenance . 
  yes . 
   at the same time young women want to be just as successful in their job as men are ... 
  well , i do n't know how integrated they really were , considering they were often subject to discrimination . 
  the same as for women afaik . 
  it 's again more common in the east than in the the west , but even there it 's increasingly common . 
  like i said , women want to be just as successful in their job as men . 
  depends very much on your location . 
  east germany is more progressive in that aspect , the west a bit less . 
  but most people wo n't think it 's weird if a mum does n't stay at home . 
  there is statistics about this , do n't know where to find them atm though . 
  * some * of her time , yes . 
  but not all of it for 3 or 4 years . 
  because daycare is only slowly improving ( except for east germany ) . 
  when i was a kid , my parents could only leave me at the kindergarten from 7:30 am until noon/early afternoon . 
  and many parents could n't even find a place that would take care of their kids . 
  like i said , the laws encourage mothers to stay at home . 
  the current conservative government encourages women to stay at home and take care of their kids themselves ( long paid maternity leave etc. ) . 
  at the same time young women want to be just as successful in their job as men are , which means they need to return to their job very soon after their kid 's birth . 
  i 'm confident that you could raise the birth rate by offering women an incentive to have kids while also enabling them to return to their job asap . 
  got worse ? 
  how ? 
  a few decades back we were 2 countries , not sovereign , at permanent risk of vaporization by nukes , hated in europe and the world , ... 
  how ? 
  it was just as easy to come to europe 2 years ago ... 
  do n't forget about the [ harz mountains ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harz ) . 
  they inspired lot 's of fairy tales , too . 
  looks very fairy tale-like especially in autumn . 
  a bit dark and creepy as well . 
  ok , i exaggerated . 
  by `` what we are '' i meant things like secularism , human rights , democracy , rule of law , ... 
  the us did n't do that for us , they helped sometimes . 
  help is acceptable , but the country you are helping needs to be on the right way already . 
  most mena `` states '' are not on the right way ( the one that brings peace that is ) , why help when that help wo n't have an actual impact ? 
  and are we actually severly affected by what happens over there ? 
  refugees are a problem , yeah . 
  we can handle that with some dedication . 
  same goes for terrorism . 
  most eu members have had it far , far worse . 
  i say , we * can * leave middle east alone without going down the drain . 
  ( just to make this clear , diplomacy is still ok , just no troops and stuff , that 's what i mean by minding our own business ), 
  you misunderstood my point . 
  if there is an actual threat * to us * we need to respond , if necessary by sending troops to mee this threat . 
  that means for example , if isil grew any stronger and gained more territory ( which it does n't ) we would need to respond . 
  right now it 's only terrorism that poses a threat to us . 
  you fight that more effevtively within your own country ( border controls , intelligence , etc. 
  because you can fix all these complex problems with some military action ? 
  do you follow recent events ? 
  middle east is hopelessly fucked up , they need to sort it out themselves , they certainly do n't want the people ( europeans ) they blame their current situation on to solve their problems . 
  look at europe , we are not what we are because someone else did it all for us . 
  have a strong army , stay out of other countries ' business and if someone tries to fuck with us we fuck back . 
  trump supporter spotted . 
  that 's quite a lot :o, 
  a nice toy for chechnya or syria but still rather rudimental . 
  unmanned vehicles still have a long way to go . 
  what can you do ... it might happen , it might not happen . 
  terrorist attacks have never destroyed an entire country . 
  i hope i 'm not the only one who is really worried that the eu will fail and we will have major wars again ? 
  because everyone i talked to about that was like `` wtf you on about , this is europe , we do n't have wars . 
  that was pretty common in the baltic sea back in colda war , east and west german fighter jets played war all the time . 
  i guess it 's just showing cojones . 
  absolutely haram . 
  that was a pretty common ` prank ' when i was young ( in germany though , i imagine it wil be similar in the netherlands ) , toss a * big * cracker in a manhole , dumpster , phone booth ( beware of glass shrapnel ) or even your neighbours mailbox ( not cool , might break parts of the wall ) . 
  new year 's eve is war over here . 
  the title ... i 'm having inappropriate thoughts . 
  i failed at clicking away that cookie policy pop-up , and i got an angry message :  nee niet daar klikken . 
  there * ca n't * be a european army unless there is a european state . 
  * one * state . 
  otherwise this army would be useless or even dangerous . 
  makes sense , at the same time we need to think why only 2 people can be in a partnership ? 
  what 's so bad about polygamy ?
