  [ oh boy the downvotes , did i offend someone ? ], 
  make up your mind , guys . 
  you ca n't criticize us for both building the 4th reich * and * being spinless . 
  i 'm fairly sure that germany follows it 's national interests just as much as any other country . 
  there is a joke about vehicle theft to be made here . 
  but at least we wo n't have to deal with poland 's bullying anymore , because ... well ... * they can not into space * . 
  we still have our gdp . 
   but where is the solidarity ? 
  when are you taking the refugees ? 
  russians will break their necks on the stairs . 
  i know , but people who call themselves patriots mostly seem to be nationalists from my experience . 
  so i just kinda gave up differntiating between the two . 
  well , this is not about who 's impressed by who , i was just trying to point out that it 's not only the uk and france who have a military . 
  whatever . 
   last i heard did n't you guys have a massively underfunded army due to ww2 guilt ? 
  [ certainly not true during cold war . 
  ] ( http://www.iiss.org/-/media//images/publications/the%20military%20balance/milbal2016/mb%202016%20western%20europe%20the%20dramatic%20decline%20in%20combat%20battalion%20numbers%2019902015.jpg?la=en ) and the recent decrease in strength is n't directly related to ww2 guilt either . 
   i can not even think of an armed conflict in my lifetime that you krauts have gotten involved in . 
  german forces have seen combat against yugoslavia in 1999 and against the insurgents in afghanistan ( isaf , third largest contributor after us , uk ) . 
  [ here is more on that . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundeswehr#operations ) the problems right now are mainly lack of ( operational ) equipment and not enough personnel in certain areas . 
  but the mod annouced that things will be fixed ( mostly more money and trying to buy things that are less high-tech but more operational ) . 
  that patrotism could destroy the eu though . 
  and that would be veeeery bad in the long run . 
  i 'm really not trying to be a fear mongerer here , but one of the reasons we have so much peace here is the eu . 
  do n't want to find out what happens without it . 
   only us brits and france have an army worth speaking of * gasps germanically *, 
  they understand but choose not to care because they are effin rossiya !, 
  no shit, 
  i do n't quite see what that criticism would be . 
  but x % of the gdp should be the same for everyone . 
  it 's really just a case of * hurr durr germany so stupid * . 
  i make sure to periodically remove the sticker and present my butthole to the possible audience . 
  15 years is roughly half a millenium in american years . 
  is that confetti on the blade ? 
  that 's probably one of the most innocent songs on that list . 
  berlin . 
  the end . 
  unlikely , right . 
  but not downright impossible , imo . 
  it 's very easy to just assume that any military conflict between two nuclear powers would inevitably lead to a use of nuclear weapons to an extent that would leave both belligerents crippled . 
  but then we take a look at india and pakistan and realize that two nuclear powers can very well get into a fight without starting a nuclear war . 
  what if the baltics become the new kashmir ? 
  apart from that , only relying on nuclear deterrence is a bit stupid . 
  if someone were to invade you , you would face to options : a ) start the nuclear holocaust , or b ) just let it happen . 
  the middle ground - a conventional military - seems to be the best option in that case . 
  probably not . 
  but with the recent events - we ca n't be so sure anymore . 
  ** grande vitesse !, 
  for reasons we ca n't explain , we are losing her . 
   civilising yet when a 19th century european country does it , it 's called * colonialism * . 
  yes . 
  indeed . 
  `` whoopsy '', 
  nyet , state is fine !, 
  nice . 
  who cares about laws , right ? 
  that 's got nothing to do with finding our spine , that would be disgusting . 
   wont be a pretty picture that 's all you care about ? 
  silly rest of the germanic guys , they got it all wrong . 
  that was 2014 . 
  and the plan is to increase defence spending up to 2 % until 2024 . 
  it 's 2017 now and the budget is growing . 
  i do n't even know what the problem is . 
   their fair share and what is that fair share ? 
  as long as there is no shared defence policy , there ca n't be a fairly shared cost . 
  nato is a conglomerate of national interests , and different nations often have different interests . 
  that 's what i dislike about dutch , the words seem so easy to pronounce for a german at a firs glance , * but * the dutch will always find a way to make it complicated . 
  i would probably hit her right in the kisser . 
   some people, 
  and i imagine there will be some people who will object once germany actually spends 2 % . 
   the '' secular '' establishment could n't fix things . 
  history of middle east 101 . 
  * woman giggling in the background *, 
  no one likes us when we 're instable . 
  okay . 
  yeah , we all know trees do n't burn lol !, 
  then tell me what those security needs are that europe could n't take care of . 
   spend a lot more on the military a build-up ? 
  what for ? 
  sure , most militaries could use an overhaul , but not much more than that . 
   truly integrate national militaries into an eu force * true * integration is not possible within the eu framwork , it would require a european superstate . 
  either way , integration is already happening to a certain degree . 
   someone must be the world 's batman i still do n't see why . 
  and even if it was necessary , why does it have to be europe ? 
   see russia slowly rebuild its empire . 
  as soon as they touch any nato or eu member , the new empire will be doomed before it even had a chance to rise . 
  and no , we do n't need the usa for that . 
  europe would be militarily sheltered even without the usa . 
  and without the us we would n't have lost hundreds of soldiers in pointless wars all across the middle east . 
  you ca n't be serious when you say the usa are bringing peace and stability to the world these days . 
  i definitely welcome a more isolationist america . 
  contrary to popular belief , it would not mean the end of europe . 
  the problem is that the 2 % agreement seems somewhat random . 
  as long as the nato militaries do n't start to specialize more in certain roles , the additional money for the national defence budgets might be wasted from the international perspective . 
  specializing would require well-defined common goals and strategies though , which is not going to happen anytime soon . 
  it was somewhat easier back in cold war , the situation was quite clear , everyone knew who the enemy was , everyone knew what to do and the member states shared the ` work ' . 
  and deciding on a way to share the work is the prerequisite to sharing the financial burden . 
  it just seems strange to me that nato decides to make the second step before they 've made the first one . 
  no one walks in to a supermarket , hands the employee a 100 $ - bill and tells them to fill the shopping cart with whatever .
