  netherlands or austria , depends on the elevation of your home city . 
  maybe even switzerland or denmark , for the really weird people . 
   the company is your life do you feel that this is really the case in germany ? 
  i know , it 's a popular stereotype and everything , but when i look to countries like japan , i ca n't help but think that german work environments are pretty relaxed . 
  answering a call from your boss after hours ? 
  unthinkable for most people i know . 
  y u say dis ; _ ;, 
  nah , germany , poand , czech republic , austria , switzerland , liechtenstein , luxemburg are central europe . 
  the english and all the other island people . 
  haha , i literally told the guy to fuck off when he tried that on me . 
  then ate my baguette parisienne on the stairs and watched other tourists fall for it . 
   dam dirty krauts ayo dude , watch your french, 
   5 '10 that 's pretty tall . 
  but why does your comma defy gravity ? 
  front garden is for representation ( some flowers , a neat lawn , or a huge ass thorny hedge if you do n't like people ) . 
  behind the house is where people create their `` personal space '' , sometimes with a little pond , maybe they grow vegetables , a little playground for the kids , a cozy place to bury your mother in-law , a huge pile of scrap ... 
  north germany : probably 1-1 ,5 days per year . 
  mostly because of icy roads , i only remember two occasions where school was cancelled because of * snow * . 
  one time it was the wind that made the snow pile up on the roads , the other time it was the roof that was about to collapse because people here do n't expect more than 15cm of snow when they build a house . 
  no openly negative reactions at least . 
  although i remember that my exchange partner 's ( bearded ! ), 
  uncle went all in on me . 
  aww shit . 
  guess what i did when i was an exchange student in france years ago . 
   kisses are ok  no hugs !!! 11 !!, 
  dreik\u00f6nigstag is exclusive to catholic areas though . 
  ridiculously haram, 
  `` a und ab , e , ex und de , cum und sine , pro und prae '' i do n't even remember what this was about . 
  i do n't think the 3rd reich still exists . 
  german grammar is very similar to latin grammar ( do n't ask me why ) , i still thought it 's pretty effin hard . 
  to be clear : i was n't talking about the prononciation but rather about the amount of grammar you would need to know in order to become fluent . 
  all those cases ... 
  and by keeping your mouth shut , do n't want any snow to be blown in by the cold wind that feels like a thousand needles being shoved in your face and eyeballs . 
  name checks out . 
   however , my first preference of an official language would be latin i almost choked on my coffee . 
  do you know how friggin hard it is to * read * latin ? 
  it must be downright impossible to fluently speak it if you do n't start in kindergarten . 
  [ we are number one ( trump edition ) . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35ifh3a1o2e ) do n't judge me , it 's super catchy . 
   ru\u00df is that a * admiral kusnezow * joke ? 
  prison . 
  lots of bang . 
  is everyone going fucking nuts these days ? 
  how about we suspend 2016 until it 's over ? 
  then what is the weihnachtsmann ? 
  he * is * santa claus . 
  by odin , it 's spreading ... 
   baby jesus the christmasman is a lot cooler obviously . 
  the fuck * are * you ? 
  kamerun , brasilien , kalifornien ... 
  it was time for a new empire anyway . 
  yes and yes . 
  yes . 
  denmark has the amazing baltic coast/islands . 
  [ m\u00f8n ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%b8n ) is definitely worth a visit , especially when you 're sailing into the harbour with the sunrise in your back . 
  the water looking like liquid mercury , the red cliffs ... 
  excuse me while i change my pants . 
  they 're as italian as bavarians are german . 
  i wish they were . 
  the scent of freedom and gunpowder . 
  that spooked me , better pass some surveillance laws . 
   do people tend to move around for college , work , etc ? 
  are people from the east in the west easily identified by their accents and preferences and vice versa ? 
  they move around . 
  every region has it 's own dialect/accent , that 's not an east-west thing . 
  whether or not a person speaks the local dialect depends on education , age , etc. , there is also usually a rural/urban divide . 
   is it clear when you pass from one side to the other in more rural areas ? 
  sort of . 
  you can often still see the ` death strip ' that was completely cleared from any vegetation . 
  east german village houses are often from the same ( postwar ) era as their western counterparts , just ... less appealing . 
  many people in the east paint their houses in bright colours because of that ( most seem to prefer yellow ) . 
  and then there are the huge socialist farms and tree plantations , the typical [ avenues ] ( http://www.rbb-online.de/content/dam/rbb/rbb/rbb24/2016/2016_05/imago/auto.jpg.jpg/size=708x398.jpg ) ( those trees are the natural enemies of the rural youngsters , you know , drunk driving because there is no public transportation ) , the occasional abandoned soviet military base , front lawns without fences ( seems to be a very east german thing ) , cobblestone roads , ...  are there differences in habits between the sides as far as daily life ? 
  choice of cars ? 
  architecture of houses ? 
  ca n't say a lot about daily life , it should be the same i guess . 
  what kind of car you drive depends on your income , and the wages tend to be lower in the east , even more so in rural areas , but i do n't think east germans have a different taste in cars . 
  architecture can be quite different , although east germany does n't have quite as many commie blocks as russia etc. 
  i already mentioned the houses in rural areas , they tend to be very grey , that 's why people paint them . 
  comparable houses in the west often sport a nice brick facade instead of a plain grey wall . 
   are people in the east more sympathetic to russia and or their fellow former soviet bloc sister countries yes . 
   and just because i 've always wanted to see , and if given the opportunity , actually drive a trabant ... are they still around on the roads ? 
  they 've become very rare , even in the east . 
  if you are different , you are different . 
  uhm ... 
  i could n't care less tbh . 
  what about * r\u00fcdiger * ? 
   danish sounds closer to german * gasp * did you just ... ? 
  swiss german . 
  it 's mostly good for whoever is good friends with * both * of the two . 
  for the baltics , usa and russia being best friends really means one less ally and the same number of potential enemies . 
  we do n't know the difference anyway , canadians are the other americans to us . 
   going 300 fucking km/h  still drives on the right in case someone is faster brd !, 
  high , how son are you ? 
  if they are in a position to claim asylum , it should be granted . 
  wo n't happen . 
  i think they sometimes do that in the military . 
  probably a bureaucracy thing . 
  i 'm pretty sure the usa are in a position where they could just say `` fuck it '' and go full swiss . 
  you 're essentially an island , the russians/chinese ca n't really bother you over there . 
  from the persepcetive of countries like lithuania that would be horrible , but that was n't the point .
