neighbours and round the twist, 
  all american writers . 
  i visited my cousin living in new jersey and loved it , so much room and people had such big houses , the americans laughed because nj is one of the most cramped states in the us . 
  just checked this and it is actually true , absolutely mental , imagine if the irish managed to cause a war between america and britain . 
  history would be totally different . 
  well to be fair the last big terror attack in norway was by a far right extremist . 
  for it to relate to europe you should have a picture of a native american being swamped with endless waves of europeans migrating . 
  yeah mate , the lads and lass ' in the west bank are invaders . 
  [ i thought it was this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvbhdw-eqlm ), 
  well israel is busy ethnically cleansing the palestinians so has a need for a big military to protect it 's settlers were as the norwegians have nothing to protect except their fishing waters . 
  i bet the makers at civ are british nationalists and called it what they 're called just to oppress the irish . 
  it 's an important bridge right in the centre of london as well as being a place tourists go to take pics of the houses of parliament which is probably why it was targeted . 
  i would rather trust someone unbiased like an american video game company than irish or british nationalists . 
  i played civ v and they were called the british isles . 
  do n't know if it is true but i heard britain also wanted migrants to britain to work in the factories , so cruelly the government might have been like `` well if they 're hungry in ireland they can move to glasgow or liverpool for work '' i know around the same time there were immigrants from norway . 
  but that common ground you want is contradictory to the base culture of many people . 
  those are mere shallow aesthetics of culture though and are not really multiculturalism . 
  because we have middle class people too , i really doubt spain does n't also have low class people that buy shitty newspapers . 
  so did i , i was n't being ironic . 
  good post, 
  the old almonds are on fire right now, 
  classism is a far bigger issue in the uk than most other western countries , you 'll notice that the victims always are lower class and speak in thick working class accents . 
  if they spoke in middle class accents there is no way the police would have allowed them to get gang raped for a decade but they did have those ugly ' u wot m8 ' accents so they had to suffer for the greater ` good ' of diversity and multiculturalism . 
  because they can get here . 
  makes sense as turkey is devolving, 
  you ca n't enter libya 's sovereign territory and drop off people right where they came from . 
  why not just build a bridge ? 
  zombie uk coming back from the grave, 
  interesting video , the music does n't fit at all though . 
  sounds like the theme to an epic space battle or something not general elections . 
  [ this seems like the most fitting theme to british politics over the past few years ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag1o3kotlwm ), 
  the uk is such an authoritarian shithole . 
  his empire will carry on long after he has gone . 
  are turks supposed to have `` turkish guilt '' over their empire and history like white people are supposed to have guilt over their history ? 
  i imagine if britain had just sterilised all the slaves the caribbean once we banned slavery we 'd never hear the end of it . 
  very symbolic of europe . 
  this is why we need to import fertile africans . 
  a dog ate my question mark . 
  just because she is a woman does n't mean she is like thatcher . 
  amazing, 
  the peace offers were made before the bombing of london . 
  they bombed london because they were losing the battle of britain and thought that if you attack civilians the people would call for an end to the war , fascist thought at the time theorised that democracy made people weak and too individualistic , unable to deal in a shared sacrifice for the greater good of the group . 
  you do know britain and canada also took part in the d-day invasion right ? 
  britain took 2 beaches , us took 2 and canada took 1 . 
  you are aware that hitler considered british people one of the master race and wanted peace with us ? 
  we could have just signed a peace deal rather than having our country reduced to ashes and losing hundreds of thousands of men and all of our wealth but no none of that matters apparently . 
   and hitler admired the blonde hair of our people . 
  this made me laugh in real life because it 's probably true , the biggest war in human history was because some weirdo with a charlie chaplin mustache thought people who happened to have a different hair colour were the master race . 
  it 's a strange world . 
  [ i just finished watching this series of accounts of war on the western front by ` the last heroes ' it is really good watch . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndckuheamu8 ), 
  europe is the killing roads . 
  no i mean europe . 
  it makes sense they 're trying to influence the election but i do n't know to what end it is n't like we have a proper far right party of any note and the tories and labour are entirely committed to the multicultural dream . 
  maybe they just want to kill infidels . 
  europe has become the killing fields . 
  they look a lot more swarthy than the people i see in my local polski sklep, 
  yeah i 'm sure if i was living in the aussie suburbs i 'd miss things like not being totally reliant on cars and stuff . 
  i 'm just annoyed at how tiny and poorly built the new build homes are in the uk . 
  instead of a small , cloudy island with people living in tiny shitty houses it is a giant sunny island with everyone living in big nice houses . 
  it is everyone brits would want britain to be , . 
  looks like a hotel room . 
  north korea is far left . 
  i liked the arranged marriage reference , there definitely wo n't be a culture clash . 
  britain is the country that allowed little english girls to be mass gang raped by pakistanis for over decade in order to [ `` not rock the multicultural boat '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/11059138/rotherham-in-the-face-of-such-evil-who-is-the-racist-now.html ) our elite do n't like us and are actively working against the native populations interests . 
  did n't the bbc do a programme about anglo saxons that had a black woman as a queen a saxon tribe ? 
  edit : [ no i was wrong it was as queen of england ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0ko-pvsc3e ), 
  yeah the uk is a bit of shithole, 
  we ca n't invest too much outside london , that would be crazy . 
  am i a werido for thinking `` do n't punch it you 'll cut yourself !, 
  does anyone see any end of the migrant crisis ? 
  the toothpaste is out of the tube , everyone in africa and asia now knows all they need is a rubber dingy and they get to live in europe . 
  why would n't they come ? 
  keep in mind africa 's current population explosion and the future looks grim . 
  [ this one makes me laugh ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cv2qxxw.jpg ), 
  no , you can be nationalist/patriotic and pro eu . 
  i am nationalistic as in i identify as part of my nation and i was very pro eu because i thought it made my country better off . 
  canada has a very small population relative to the usa plus less reason to migrate than mexicans since living standards are basically the same . 
  lol , she sounds welsh . 
  this , i tried to watch it one year alone and it was just shit . 
  it is a really communal programme . 
  very cool footage imo . 
  it is amazing how having wwii stuff in colour makes it seems so much more modern and `` real '' in a sense . 
  churchill actually ordered plans be written up for a war with the soviets called [ operation unthinkable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ), 
  well considering the nazis were going to genocide most of the eastern europeans they definitely got he less shit of the two options they had . 
  they have the best national anthem . 
  is he going to be the french thatcher ? 
  i could see people not understanding why africa is so important but i really do n't think it would be hard to film and make exciting . 
  imagine 400 british tanks on a wide open plane rolling towards the germans with billowing dust behind them as the sun begins to rise , the germans brace themselves manning their anti tanksguns and their tanks waiting for the brits to get within range for the battle . 
  it could be done very well . 
  anyway i 'm off to bed now xx, 
  it was the best part tbh, 
  would n't that make the film better ? 
  rommel the great general desert fox has had britain on the defence until monty takes charge , you have two charismatic generals then you build up to the battle with a tense part of the soldiers disarming the mines as night as the tanks slowly creep up and then the film ends with a massive tank battle . 
  what ? 
  we gave the germans their first major loss of the war in africa . 
  i 'd love to see a hollywood film about el alamein much more than how good our lads were at floating home while germans tried to bomb their little boats at dunkirk . 
  finally a big budget film on britain in wwii aaaaaaaand it 's about an embarrassing retreat . 
  what she trying to use the force on the crowd ? 
  because the welsh have a language they actually speak .
