welcome to madrid !, 
  most easy place to meet new people is in the conversation exchange groups ( some info here http://www.esmadrid.com/es/portal.do?idm=61&amp;nm=3&amp;tr=c&amp;idr=1574 although there 's a new one that is n't listed there at the atomica bar , barco 15 in malasa\u00f1a ), 
  but lately i 'm in for walks , mostly due to some ingress adiction , so if you need a tour around historical madrid let me know !, 
  ok , it depends which scene are you into as elephantandcastle said , so tell us what you like/want ( bar , pub , discos ... ) so we can give you a better guidance . 
  but have in mind , chueca is the sure place to start . . althought there 's also quite a few bars in other hoods like lavapies or la latina, 
  well i think aveum and groumpf said it all , only thing i can add is that if you need some help when you 're here just ask !, 
  no prob , i 'd like to have the help of a `` native '' if i travel to another country , 
  i have 3 brothers , i 'm the second one ... but the 4th is gay so . . :p, 
  my younger brother is also the `` bro '' type, 
  one of the good/bad things about madrid is that there 's always a lot of pple to do anything so no time to feel alone , said so ... whenever you 'd like to go for some tapas o get some beers in downtown , pm me !, 
  yep , 2 . 
  well i 'm on steam on regular basis , and the gayming community seems active enough ... 
  damn i had just realised i have n't played tf2 in such a long time !, 
  hmm so those are the voices i 'm hearing !!!, 
  damn hats , i 'd listen to them i guess !, 
  in early may nadrid had two holidays so it 'll be a nice time to catch some fun , besides some museums you 'd see the retiro , el parque del capricho both being awesome gardens , also you 'll `` get lost '' eating tapas and some beer in lavapies , o malasa\u00f1a ... 
  so many things to do , just let us know what would you like to do !, 
  damn , i know it 's a clich\u00e9 . . but it was his loss , for sure !!, 
  you can have any copy of my games whenever you want !, 
  yes , join us at the steam group and just ask for some good old fashioned tf2 !, 
  well , we have a group of boardgaymers that meet up almos each week , with a huge variety of games and styles . 
  i 'm more inclined towards ameritrash/tematic games but a lot of euros are fun too, 
  what kind of games do you like ? 
  more like smallworld ? 
  like catan ? 
  just got it this sunday !, 
  well , i see ppl had warned you about the weather . . is living hell , but a dry hell so as long as you stay in the shadow and drink enough water it 'd be ok . well maybe hell is a lil bit too much , but i 'm from north spain and i do n't cope too well with sun & heat , 
  there 's a lot of things to do , specially if you like great architecture and beverages , tabacalera , malasa\u00f1a , open air cinema , madrid summer nights are just awesome , so please feel free to tell what 'd you like to do so we can give you better advice , 
  well if you like tapas & beer i think you 'll love it here  also there 's nearby towns that are a must-see ( alcal\u00e1 de henares , beautiful and awesome tapas , toledo , el escorial and a few more ), 
  about nightlife . . . well i know ny is the city that never sleeps , but madrid is the city that only takes a nap from time to time , 
  and may is such a great time to see the gardens , good weather but not too hot . 
  hmm well then i 'm guessing huertas is the place to start , also moncloa area . 
  those areas , mostly huertas , are full of bars with `` erasmus '' people ( erasmus is an european scholarship that let you study a year abroad ) , who are great and can give you the best college experience . 
  maybe you can go to some open languague exchange sites , there 're several cool bars that do it every week , to meet english-speaking ppl that i 'm sure would love to know you and point you to the cool places for college students , 
  well , only played a couple of hours so far but really sweet reboot !!, 
  loving my lara !, 
  batman already won a couple of times so ... 
  project manager in a software development department . . yep , boring as it sounds, 
  well although it maybe true that the `` gay community '' can be somewhat standardized to a more flamboyant standard `` straight '' i mean , the media also show straight ppl as handsome , well toned or even fit or overweight but funny . 
  in fact , as you say , i think that as members of the lgtb community we 're even more gifted with a huge diversity that is at the end what enriches life , to be always being exposed to new ppl , that breaks your mental structures and that help you grow as a person ... if you do n't have that the problem is that you 're not in a community you just are with a bunch of ppl . 
  btw , congrats on the weight loss , i 'm sure your health has improved a lot !, 
  a couple of hot coworkers ... damn !, 
  thank you , i 've forgotten about this !, 
  ok , ca n't the video be reported as a major crime ?!!? 
  morning ... and most of the days also a lot of nights, 
  another vote for semi !, 
  yes , python , ror , c # , java and t-sql mainly ... also some html 5 + css3, 
  thanks god some1 over 30 !, 
  i hope you enjoy living in spain , upvotes from madrid !, 
  yes , but during this days is when the bullfighting season starts ( san isidro ) so . . there 's plenty of those available ;(, 
  well , i 'm 36 and most of may gaming friends are older than me so ... 
  do you like mmorpg ? 
  are you on steam ? 
  psn ? 
  another vote for guild wars 2 , you can create them from cute to droooool, 
  doctor . 
  now . 
  just gorgeus !, 
  love the last pic !, 
  hair , everywhere but the back, 
  i have n't heard of it but looks like fun , thanks !, 
  ok , you got me at marvel . . or at capcom . . damn , now i need that game !!, 
  thanks, 
  an awesome list , thanks !!, 
  i have dead island , have n't played it yet , so it sounds a great place to start !, 
  it seems mvc will be , and will also try some cod , i forget about that series :(, 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't now there was a zombies cod . . sound like a winner, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i have the shadows over mystara on my target so ... we 'll give it a try , although i 'll get it anyway for myself . . damn how many coins i spent on that thing !, 
  thanks !, 
  hmm . . and i think he surely loves the movie . . great idea !, 
  thanks, 
  the thing is i have played a lot of it on the pc , but if he seems to like the zombie theme i 'll get it just to see how different the experience is, 
  thanks !, 
  i said re5 because i already have it and have n't played it yet but if he seems to like i 'll remember to get the 6 !!, 
  thanks, 
  cool , thanks !, 
  i 'll see how he reacts to dungeon hunters , which i already have , and if he likes the genre . 
  . t2 is a great choice i loved the first one !!, 
  thanks for reminding me about it !, 
  sounds like lot of fun !!, 
  lol, 
  thanks !, 
  i agree with whateverking , and even more i have some doubt about those figures , let me explain ... 
  i live in madrid , even more in the lgtb bubble of chueca neighbourhood and so i 'd fully aggre with the % applied to spain ... but to be honest , not only if smaller cities or villages is far from be accepted to be lgbt ( a big part of the inside migration for lgtb ppl in this country is looking for more open environments ) but also in some areas of madrid itself it 's not `` safe '' to see same sex couples showing affect in public, 
  so , even i 'd like to believe those numbers i think there 's a lot of pc bullshit behind them, 
  although we should n't disregard the trend that the public recognition of acceptance is growing steady , that 's always good !, 
  yes , in fact if you do n't post more you 'll ruin your karma forever !, 
  holy shit , indeed !, 
  ok , sorry but ... you 're just effin gorgeus !, 
  to be honest , did n't see the puppy until few minutes of drooling over how gorgeus you are, 
  the face is the real omgyes !, 
  for me , you 're just gorgeus !, 
  no , thanks to you . 
  it always makes a sunday better to see a handsome and hot guy !, 
  took the survey , a small glitch ... even if you answer never to how often do you listen to the radio ? 
  you can keep doing the survey unless you answer to what radio stations do you listen to ? 
  a bit late but , camping is ok . . besides the fact that it 's in a hill of course but not that high steep . 
  about the people speaking english i do n't think it 'd worry you as the age range is quite young and most will be able to understand you an maybe even talk to you in english !,
