  well i searched for bbk ;p, 
  and yes , i assisted last year . . and also going this one !, 
  well is a tough one , first of all are you sure he 's only cheating on you while you 're away ... because if it is n't so the answer is clearer . 
  what really pisses me off if that you put a lot of understanding , even offered to open the couple , but he refuses and keeps doing it behind your back , no good sign to me . 
  dunno , is really a tight spot , if you really love him , as it seems , i guess the only way is to tell him that you know what he 's doing and wait for his reasons . 
  if they 're good enough , even if i ca n't find good enough reasons to refuse to be in an open couple while cheating on you , is your call . 
  to open the couple or to believe he wo n't do it again ... a third time . 
  in any case , good luck and above everything remember you deserve to be loved as you want to be loved , do n't settle, 
  i 'll keep an eye to any pablo can , there 's still a lot of named cans in chinese groceries, 
  sure , what kind of postcard do you want ? 
  wait until you can buy the ps4 + the game, 
  do n't waste the money in a ps3 copy, 
  well , little to add to what corund says but i 'd have to do it, 
  i 'm a die hard ars magica fan , even got involved with their translation to spanish so i 'm afraid i 'm a little biased but ... am is a great game with one of the best , if not the best , magic systems around : is easy , agile , holistic and it really gives you the feeling of being a mage of really having power over the reality . 
  the only problem could be that is really mage focused , even if i played several campaigns without magi characteres , but besides it you can make any kind of campaign :, 
  political/intrigue : well an order of wizards that are keep from killing each other only by its internal law gives a lot of backstabbing . 
  and besides the intraorder you have all the relationships with the church and nobility, 
  combat : they 're open wars in iberia , rhin tribunal , `` russian '' ... if you want open conflict , the dark ages is a great place for you :p, 
  occult : besides the fact that you 're a mage , demons are real and they 're after your soul ... badly , edge wizards , rival orders , mysteries of the order golden times , faeries still have power over the land and the minds . . 
  growth : your power comes from your lore , has a mage you 'll have to study if you want to increase your grasp of reality and with that comes the power . 
  not by killing a thousand wolfs you will better at wielding the threads of reality . 
  also you will want a familiar , a wolf that changes into human , a crow that can speak , a hypnotoad ... 
  another thing i really love it the focus in the covenant ( `` castle '' ) as a character and that each player has several character to play with ( a mage , a companion ( knight , soldier , etc. . ) so there 's no need to force the presence of anyone just because the player is there . 
  the cons are maybe the combat system is not the best , although in the 5th edition is better than the 3rd one ( the 4th was horrible ) and that people has to now to add , subtract and divide by 2 or 5 which seems a problem as corund says , but honestly there 's no more `` math '' than in d&d and faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar less that in rolemaster or ice system games . 
  to be honest , never know anyone that had problems with the math in am ... is like 8-9 years kid math ? 
  people usually have problems with the `` latin '' or the fact that is middle ages and no , it 's not like the movies ( unless you want it to be , of course ), 
  summing up , great game , greater setting and greatest magic system ... give it a try, 
  only way to fully enjoy it is mixing it with either mage , wraith or a quirk changeling campaign, 
  the only `` pure '' werewolf campaing long and rewarding i run was in a post apocaliptic setting ( mad max , walking dead , ... ), 
  thanks for the update ... and for restore the faith in humanity, 
  just wan na say thanks to the starter of this thread and all the responses , i was wondering the same thing and i think it 's more than solved !, 
  thanks ppl !, 
  have an amazing birthday !, 
  i 'll send one from spain , any preferred subjects ? 
  nature , landmarks , art , sport ... 
  sent , this weekend i 'll be in another spanish city i 'll try to remember to pick one from there and also send it to you, 
  only sms i get are from automated systems ( train companies , bank ... ) and older relatives :p, 
  90 % whatsapp , 8 % hangouts , 2 % telegram, 
  pre-ordered and waiting for it, 
  i played the open beta on ps4 and just love it , even if it 's more fps than mmorpg , but love it and have several gaymers friends to play with , 
  i 'm using the same nick in psn, 
  even it 'd be `` bad '' for spain to recognise the independence , they 'll say whatever london says ... so , i do n't think they 'll veto it, 
  it 's a trap !!, 
  no , really is too dam cute, 
  i hope you 've been binge playing al day long ... even so , wtf ? 
  well , in barcelona there 's a nice lesbian scene, 
  it depends of what type of music/ambient do you prefer but do you have things like [ color club ] ( https://www.facebook.com/color.clubbcn ) or deja v\u00fa that are woman only to mixed places like aire disco or day venues like la sue bcn, 
  what kind of music/scene do you prefer ? 
  well you have a shuttle bus from the airport to [ cibeles ] ( http://www.viajejet.com/wp-content/viajes/plaza-de-cibeles.jpg ) for just 5 $ and it takes around 30-40 minutes , from there you are in the centre and can visit major landmarks as the prado , thyssen , atocha , gran via ... 
  at what time do you arrive here ? 
  yes , please, 
  great then you 'll have plenty of time to see a lot of things !, 
  tell what do you like more ( museums , architecture , urban life , shops . . ) and i 'll try to make you a quick guide so you see the more of it, 
  hmm ... well ... errr . . destiny is the hybrid of a fps and a mmorpg so , i do n't get the complaint , is like you buy wow and hate it for not be able to play it w/o internet, 
  anyway , sorry !, 
  i think is the language your machine is set on , i bought the uk version and my machine is in spanish and the game set itself to spanish, 
  no prob , btw i have a ps4 dunno if in the xbox does the same , just in case, 
  well i was lucky , yesterday i run into the damn tank at level 4 ... died horribly several times :p, 
  ok double jump is great ... triple is amazing !, 
  and do n't forget the throwing knife ... that 's badasss, 
  it seems that flying over the city is nearly impossible , i 've only found tours over the region ( http://intercopters.com/viajes-en-helicoptero/ http://www.limusinasvip.es/helicoptero.html ) or you can take a gyroplane for 2 ( http://www.zonaregalo.com/vuelos/vuelo-en-autogiro-para-dos-15-min-br-1077211.aspx ), 
  if he likes beer there 's a recent trend in local breweries , maybe some kind of tour can be arranged, 
  just tell us if you need any help !, 
  thank you , so much !, 
  thanks , a note of conquest !, 
  well , until someone from that area says something i think the best way is to pick the underground/tube at the airport ( lines 3 or 5 ) to x\u00e0tiva where the estaci\u00f3 del nord ( north station ) is . 
  from there you can pick a lot of trains to castell\u00f3n de la plana, 
  i think the total cost will be around 20 $, 
  yep , this is a game with an online world ... even if you ` re single playing it another players appear as it 's the same world so , no , you ca n't play it w/o internet, 
  the thing is , you do n't play online with friends ... everything is online , and besides trust me if you want to play it as a regular fps there 's much better options out there, 
  damn , that sucks ... sorry man, 
  tbh the story is really poor at least at the moment , so maybe you saved $ 60 and a disappointment, 
  yes , f\u00e1brica is nice and it has its own microbrewery in the bar !, 
  and its close to irreale ( c / manuela malasa\u00f1a 20 ) that has an ever changing selection of artisanal brews, 
  well where in spain will you be ? 
  pirineos and picos de europa ( asturian side ) are sure options, 
  it depends on what scene do you like more to see what area will you like , the same type of bar are close to each other, 
  i 'm guessing the huertas area can be your cup of tea so anything close to it ( atocha , sol . . ) should be great, 
  to house music , in the city , the best area is around gran via ... i think, 
  no android version ? 
  . . why ? 
  yes , please, 
  the very first one ? 
  yep, 
  nice , thanks, 
  please keep us posted on the next diet !, 
  on the subway/metro you have to buy a regular ticket plus additional airport fare the total is 4,50 - 5 $ depending on how many stations you 'll travel ( more than 5 is 5 $ ), 
  but you can also get an express bus for 5 $ that is quicker and easier and leave you at cibeles or atocha, 
  xddddd, 
  yes , if you 're going somewhere near a train station this is the best way , and the cheapest around 2,50 $, 
  the info on the stops that train makes are in [ this ] ( http://www.madrid.es/portales/munimadrid/es/inicio/ayuntamiento/movilidad-y-transportes/linea-c1.-cercanias-madrid-renfe.-principe-pio---atocha---recoletos---aeropuerto-t4?vgnextfmt=default&amp;vgnextoid=c1a41117d2692310vgnvcm2000000c205a0arcrd&amp;vgnextchannel=2b199ad016e07010vgnvcm100000dc0ca8c0rcrd ) page . 
  spanish only , sorry, 
  if you tell us where are you going ... maybe we can tell you the best way, 
  damn ... that sucked , sorry man !, 
  i hate you ... :p, 
  truly awesome , thanks for sharing, 
  yes , a portal key can be acquired in a couple of ways : hacking portals or destroying links, 
  this, 
  sure , send me the info by pm, 
  try the reddit search ... just the first ones to show,
